{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398503", "title": "Dutch woman\u2019s boyfriend is main suspect in murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Johannah Cornalia Lamberta, the 35-year-old Dutch woman who was found dead in a house near Mamallapuram, 60 km from Chennai, on Friday, was probably beaten to death, police said on Saturday after getting the preliminary postmortem report.Lamberta's boyfriend Remco Elisabeth Martin Joseph, 32, a boat mechanic in the Netherlands, is the prime suspect, they added.The report said she died of a severe head injury. It also found that a rib was fractured and there was a severe contusion to the head but the possibility of a sexual assault was ruled out, police said.\"We visited the house where Lamberta was found dead and saw some blood stains on the wall and on the ground. There were indications that an attempt to wipe out a few other stains was made, probably by her boyfriend,\" inspector-general of police (north zone) C Sylendra Babu said. The Dutch couple had come to Mamallapuram on March 10.The Mamallapuram police had registered a case under CrPC Section 174 (suspicious death) but it could be altered.\"We are waiting for the final postmortem report. Joseph has been giving us his version of the death, but he is the prime suspect. He didn't inform police about the death for more than 36 hours. A formal arrest could arrest be made on Sunday,\" Sylendra Babu said.Police will soon hand over the school teacher's body, presently at the government hospital in Chengalpet, to officials of the Dutch Embassy in New Delhi who will in turn send it to the Netherlands.The incident came to light on Friday afternoon when Sekar, the guide who had been taking Joseph and Lamberta around, entered the house in Koklimedu, 3 km from Mamallapuram, and found her body inside the store room. The guide immediately informed police who sent the body for autopsy and detained Joseph for questioning.During questioning, police said, Joseph didn't talk about the death and instead said he had bought the house from a man for a hefty price.Though the house was not registered in Joseph's name, he could stay in it whenever he came. A woman had been entrusted with the upkeep of the house in Joseph's absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12399241", "title": "Visa curbs: US, Indian IT firms seek Obama help", "text": "WASHINGTON: India's IT majors and their US clients and collaborators, including several large US corporations, have taken complaints about increasingly restrictive US visa policies to president Barack Obama , seeking his intervention to overcome curbs on incoming professional personnel from India.At the heart of the grievance from companies in both countries is the \"unprecedented delays and uncertainty\" that US immigration authorities are creating around L-1 visas, which are used for intra-company transfers of employees from foreign offices to US offices. The companies say US immigration authorities are exceeding the law and misinterpreting rules in rejecting L-1 visa, affecting operations.\"Such delays or denials do not enhance compliance or enforcement and do nothing except disrupt carefully-laid business plans and create significant costs to the company and the economy,\" the companies said. Rejection rate of L-1 visas has gone up from 6% to 7% in 2008 to 27% in 2011, as per US immigration experts.Signatories to the letter include a raft of US-based firms with large India operations such as Tata America International Corp, Cognizant Technology Solutions , Accenture, eBay, EMC, General Electric , Hewlett-Packard Co, Intel ,Microsoft , Texas Instruments , as well as Boeing, Dow Chemical , Caterpillar and Chevron USA. The letter is also backed by US chamber of commerce.US immigration authorities have tightened interpretation of rules for L-1 and H1-B visas after complaints from lawmakers that Indian firms were misusing the visa category to undercut US wages and displace American workers . The issue is politically potent in an election year.Signatories of the letter argue , that US immigration authorities have adopted an \"inconsistent and improperly narrowed definition\" of \"specialized knowledge\" , one of the requirements for issuance of an L-1 visa, according to ComputerWorld.\"We are part of the solution , not part of the problem,\" said Som Mittal, who heads Nasscom. He said unemployed in the technology sector in US stood at 4% and college graduate unemployment was 3.5%, which meant that \"in the space that we are in there is almost no unemployment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398466", "title": "Support micro, small &amp; medium companies, says MCCIA", "text": "PUNE: President of the Maharatta Chamber of commerce Industries &amp; Agriculture Abhay Firodia has urged chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to encourage the micro, small and medium (MSME) segment, saying that this is the most important segment of the state economy and is facing the brunt of competitive economy in the global economic turmoil.Firodia said in his letter to the CM that the forthcoming state budget for 2012-13 should include provisions to nurture the MSME segment with government support through improved infrastructure, including uninterrupted, quality power supply, labour reforms, abolition of draconian levies such as octroi and legislations such as the Mathadi Act. The MSME segment deserves schemes such as lean manufacturing cluster subsidies and subvention in taxes like the modified value added tax, Firodia said.Firodia said in the letter that to strengthen the productivity of industrial units, especially in industrial areas in rural and semi-urban areas on mixed agri-industry power feeders, the budget should provide at least Rs 50 crore in the first instance to convert these power feeders to exclusive industrial feeders.Keeping in tune with the central government's National Manufacturing Policy, the state budget should encourage mini-industrial parks as a public-private partnership initiative on an area of minimum 50 acres and the miniparks should be allowed either in B,C or D zones or beyond 30 km of the city limits, Firodia said.\"We demand an immediate allocation of Rs 300 crore for the Pune international airport at the predetermined site and a provision for additional funding if required for speedy implementation of the project. We also demand a time-bound execution programme for the project,\" Firodia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401415", "title": "Nitya Menen picks Sandalwood over others", "text": "The name's Mynaa, and it's about a couple who currently lives in Chennai. Kannada film director Nagashekar has roped in Nootrenbadhu girl Nitya Menen to play the lead role opposite Chetan in this love story.\"Nitya plays a physically challenged girl. We chose her because she is the only fab actress who can carry off such a challenging role,\" says Nagashekar, who adds that he plans to release the film in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam.Incidentally, Nitya has been a part of two Kannada films earlier, 7 o' Clock and Josh, albeit in smaller roles.\"Technically, this film will mark her actual big entry into Sandalwood,\" adds the director, \"We picked up the story based on a case handled by Assistant Commissioner of Police - BB Ashok Kumar. Till date, the top cop has handled 94 serial murder cases, and we have converted one of them as the plot for this film. It is interesting because this was the only case wherein the cop sympathised with the criminal, so much so that, he even allowed him to escape. Chetan, plays the lead as the guy who commits 35 murders - only for the sake of his girl. Yet another interesting matter is that, the couple continues to live together even today, without having consummated their marriage.\"Sarath Kumar has been roped in to essay the role of the top cop. The rest of the impressive cast includes Girish Karnad, Suresh Heblikar and Suman Ranganathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397554", "title": "Scrap godown in Old City goes up in flames", "text": "HYDERABAD: A scrap godown in the Shastripuram Colony near Miralam Filter was gutted in the wee hours of Saturday.The nearly 1,000 square yard Bharat Waste Paper godown was being used for storing old paper and plastic scrap. Three DCM vans and a mini-truck was also burnt. It took nearly seven hours to douse the fire and the entire operation was wrapped up only at around 4 pm. Officials estimate the loss to the tune of around Rs 30 lakh. Sources said that the fire started between 1 am and 2 am. Fire control room received a call from the area at 2.10 am and rushed a fire tender from the Chandulal Baradari fire station. Subsequently four more vehicles were turned out. The godown did not have any fire safety equipment, fire officials said. C Umamaheshwar Rao, Inspector, Shivrampally police station, said that a fire accident case has been booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399033", "title": "A star's real stripes", "text": "Haven't seen Priyanka with a candle against corruption, or Kareena cry out on Kashmir? What stops our stars from turning into statesmen, and how come the Hollywood gang is always out there?He is considered one of the sexiest men alive. He must also be one of the most agonized. So when Hollywood superstar George Clooney marched to the Sudanese embassy in Washington DC on March 17, he was duly arrested and handcuffed. He didn't seem to mind that, though. The photos that showed him being led away caught him smiling. Clooney has, after all, been talking for a while now about Sudan's impending starvation situation and the political crisis that will not see the human tragedy resolved.Clooney is not Hollywood's only star statesman, a breed that has evolved and grown in number over the years. Top artistes routinely lend their status as celebrities to condemn dictators, fete heroes , highlight causes and help those in need - even report war from the battlefield as Sean Penn did. That, of course, is apart from their altruism and charity efforts. Angelina Jolie as the goodwill ambassador of the UNHCR (United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees) has been working relentlessly for displaced people in war zones like Bosnia and Afghanistan . Penn, who once filled up a whole page of the New York Times with 4,000 words of righteous rage, said of America's foreign policy that the \"flag that took me so long to love, respect, and protect, threatens to become a haunting banner of murder, greed, and treason against our principles, honoured history, Constitution, and our own mothers and fathers\" . Nicole Kidman does her fair bit, too. Now imagine Sonam Kapoor in Darfur , and Salman Khan , with all his bodyguards, in Somalia . Or Shahrukh Khan talking about Godhra, and Akshay Kumar about Kashmir. Bollywood remains perpetually in awe of Hollywood and blatantly copies it in everything from film scripts to personal styles, so what stops our stars from turning into statesmen and leaders, from striding up to the podium and targeting communal violence, poverty, caste and corruption? What stops Bollywood from throwing its weight behind the issues that are perpetually clouding the country's growth story? Why don't the people whose voices are heard the most speak out?Were we always so amoral and apolitical ? \"Hindi film industry did begin with a political note in the form of people like Saadat Hasan Manto who wrote political films and had a public political stance,\" says social scientist Shiv Visvanathan, explaining the dissimilarity through the evolutionary routes of the two film industries . \"But somewhere Bollywood drifted to social causes leaving political sensitivity to regional cinema.\"Fear is another factor. \"Except for an occasional display of political sensitivity, Bollywood throws up only spectacles in the form of charities. Given the Shiv Sena's reactionary stand and the fact that for a long time the industry was financed by criminal elements, these things have combined to make Bollywood politically neutral,\" Visvanathan adds.A more important fear, however, is that of the establishment, of going against the tide. The most famous case of censure is that of Kishore Kumar whose songs were banned from AIR and DD by the information and broadcasting minister Vidya Charan Shukla (1975-1977 ) from May 4, 1976 till the end of the Emergency as he had refused to sing at a Congress rally.Anupam Kher , one of the few actors to take a stand on issues such as the plight of Kashmiri Pandits or the anti-corruption movement of Anna Hazare , feels that such a ban is not possible today \"thanks to the media, but various fears prevent actors from making politically incorrect statements\" . Whatever the anxiety, the industry has come to be steadfastly loyal only to its own fortunes, refraining from speaking or doing anything that would affect those.Though Kher objects to calling the entire industry indifferent, he says, \"It is true that we are all part of a system that is scared of being victimized just as a common man shies away from the scene of crime for fear of police harassment.\"Then there is the matter of today's actors lacking \"political maturity\" because of the absence of training. \"Anyone,\" says Kher, \"can become an actor today\" . A point echoed by Akhila Sivadas, executive director of Centre for Advocacy and Research, and activist Shabnam Hashmi. \"Most actors today are either star kids or winners of beauty pageants without intellectual exposure, which makes them politically unresponsive,\" says Hashmi. \"This is unlike Hollywood where actors undergo intensive training before becoming what they are. Anyone can do charity which is born out of pity - it's different from taking a political stand.\" She adds that very few Bollywood stars - like Javed Akhtar , Shabana Azmi , Nandita Das (see 'I have often wondered...'), Mahesh Bhatt among others - have been vocal about things they believe in.The fact that Bollywood stars are far from being statesmen is reflected in the way Prakash Jha baulks at the discussion . All that the maker of Gangaajal and Rajneeti says is: \"I wonder why Bollywood does not react to political situations . Off and on people must be reacting but I've no idea why our actors are not politically responsive.\"Visvanathan doesn't see the scenario changing much in the near future . Indian film actors, he says, will not be able to take political stands because of the way the industry is structured with several fears playing upon the artistes' psyche. Till then, conscientious actors will have to make do with philanthropy that is not timed to coincide with the release of their latest blockbuster.Inputs by Vrushali Haldipur in New York", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12398762", "title": "Porngate: Krishna Palemar relieved by not-guilty verdict", "text": "MANGALORE: There is a sense of relief for former minister J Krishna Palemar who was given a clean chit in the Porngate by the Karnataka Legislature Committee.In an informal interaction with the media on the sidelines of the inauguration of the new police station building in Surathkal here on Friday, Palemar said, \"I was not an accused nor had I committed any crime.\" The former minister said he stepped down after his ministerial colleague Lakshman Savadi named him during a media interaction to ensure a free and fair probe and this action was construed as admission of guilt.Noting that a section of media went overboard in declaring him guilty in the case, Palemar said he was happy that the legislature committee had upheld the truth. Asked if this would pave the way for his reinduction as minister, Palemar said it is left to the party to take a call. \"I am not one to hanker after power and can live without it,\" he said.The panel headed by Srishailappa Bidarur absolved Palemar and CC Patil in the report submitted to the Assembly Speaker, while holding Lakshman Savadi guilty of the offence. The committee had only BJP members on it after the JD (S) and Congress members boycotted its proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399257", "title": "Mumbai favourite destination of financial sector: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: The city has emerged as the favourite destination of the banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI) sector in a country-wide survey of office occupiers conducted by DTZ Research. Respondents cited Mumbai \"being at the hub of all financial activities\" as the primary reason for preferring the city.Andheri and Goregaon were the preferred locations, mainly because of their comparatively low real estate cost, good connectivity to other parts of the city and sound physical infrastructure.DTZ conducted 75 discussions with senior executives from different industries in Mumbai, Bangalore and Delhi NCR as part of its survey to find out the needs and preferences of office occupiers.Majority of respondents from the information technology /information technology enabled services sector ranked Delhi NCR and Bangalore as preferred locations because of availability of large Grade A space, talent pool and better infrastructure . Sixty-five per cent said they were not looking at setting up offices in tier-II cities.In western India, respondents continued to show their preference for established commercial hubs like Mumbai and Pune. The report said that negligible Grade A real estate infrastructure , coupled with limited availability of quality human resources and infrastructure , stunted the attractiveness of tier-II cities.\"Majority occupiers seeking new office space are planning to take up less than 25,000sq ft. At the same time, there has been a significant increase in the demand for large spaces (more than 1 lakh sq ft) from the 2010 survey,\" it said.Though occupiers indicated willingness to cut occupation cost, they seemed unlikely to compromise on quality of infrastructure. More than half (58%) indicated they want to lease Grade A buildings only.Occupiers identified connectivity as the key location attribute , and 'efficiency' as the key building attribute. \"They indicated 'green building' as nice to have but not a compulsory requirement as they were concerned with the anticipated higher occupancy cost,\" said the report.Respondents said the economy had recovered in the latter half of 2010. As a result, several corporates started planning to expand their footprint in 2011. \"The renewed concerns of a double-dip recession in India in the first half of 2011 resulted in corporates adopting a wait-and-watch policy. Close to two-thirds of the office occupiers surveyed indicated that they had put on hold their 2011 expansion plans. The office demand in 2012-13 is therefore expected to be largely driven by expansion plans held back in 2011 and 2012, and we could continue to see subdued demand this year,\" the survey stated.Research Findings42% said uncertain economic environment impacted their expansion plans 42% said their business was fairly insulated and witnessed some growth 46% said they would renegotiate lease terms with landlords due to financial pressures 54% indicated they had already renewed their lease agreements or signed up new ones depending on favourable terms offered by landlords58% said they wanted to lease Grade A buildings only 58% said connectivity and transportation to the office location was most important 22% said proximity to clients and competition was crucial", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402346", "title": "Vishnu Manchu shooting for Dorakadu in Tirupati", "text": "After a brief hiatus, Vishnu Manchu will soon be seen in a film titled \" Dorakadu\".G Nageshwara Reddy is directing the film and Vishnu is producing the film under 24 Frames Factory banner. Hansika is playing the lead role in the film. The film's shooting has been going on without much buzz and currently the film unit is in Tirupati to shoot some key scenes.The film is in completion stage and is slated for a summer release. Music is by Chakri and Kona Venkat has written the script.Source: www.123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401191", "title": "Parvathy Omanakuttan's film re-released", "text": "The actress' first Hindi debacle hits theatres again in the city just before her Billa 2 releaseShe's looking forward to her film with Thala Ajith which is set to release in May. And it looks like former Miss India Parvathy Omanakuttan has been slowly gaining popularity in Chennai. Though her first Hindi flick, United 6, failed miserably at the box office, it seems that the actress' increasing recognition here has made them release this movie just before Billa 2 hits theatres.Ask the producer of Billa 2, Sunir Kheterpal, if this will affect his film or the actress' career prospects and he states, \"United 6 is a two-year-old Hindi film. Why would it affect Billa 2? We are introducing Parvathy in this flick in Tamil. And the fact is Billa 2 is about Ajith and his life before he became Billa and not about what Parvathy did before she was selected for this film. We auditioned more than 30 prospects and selected her based on requirements of the character she has to portray. Everyone will know why after the film releases.\"Contrary to popular belief, Billa 2 is not the first Tamil flick to be signed by the model-actress. In fact, in May 2010, the pooja for the Tamil film she first signed, Uma Maheswaram, was held in Chennai. Parvathy was signed on to play the lead opposite a newcomer named Mani. However, the film didn't take off for reasons unknown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12397577", "title": "Skewed sex ratio in Gujarat: No tribal brides for Gujarat boys", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Buying a tribal bride may no longer be easy for boys from upper caste communities that have low sex ratios. Tribals across Gujarat are increasingly resentful of their daughters marrying into communities with few girls because of female foeticide.The Garasiya tribals of north Gujarat have even issued a diktat to the members not to marry girls outside the community. The leaders met in Shamlaji earlier this month and decided to bar girls from marrying Patels, Brahmins and other communities. A family that allows such a marriage would be fined Rs 50,000. On the face of it, the tribals say they don't want to create a shortage of girls in their own community, but their fear may stem from deeper factors.\"Members of Adivasi Dungarsinh Garasiya Samaj are often offered cash and jewellery to lure them into marrying their daughters outside the community. At this rate, a time will soon come when our boys will find it difficult to get a bride,\" says Kalji Kataria, a tribal leader from Sabarkantha. Kataria say 100-odd Garasia girls were married to Patel boys in Mehsana in last one year alone.Well-known tribal activist Gandesh Devy says, \"There are a number of aspects to the resentment. Tribals want to Sankritize and many have even taken on 'Patel' as a surname. But they fear losing their lands. A non-tribal can't own tribal land unless he is married to a tribal. There have been instances where a non-tribal husband has abandoned his tribal wife after getting ownership of land.\"He adds tribals are also upset about their daughters being treated like lifelong maids in many cases.Community leaders speculate that at least 20,000 tribal girls have married outside in the past few years. Marriage agents have mushroomed all across Gujarat's eastern tribal belt. Interestingly, all tribal districts in Gujarat have a healthy child sex ratio of between 900 and 975 girls per 1,000 boys.Tribal MLAs like Dr Anil Joshiyara of Bhiloda and Amarsinh Vasava of Jhagadia said they were present at the Shamlaji meeting.\"This is a trend which can alter the very character of tribal society if it goes unchecked,\" Joshiyara said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399405", "title": "Maharashtra housing and area development authority starts pulling down Tardeo building", "text": "MUMBAI: MHADA officials started the work of pulling down the standing portion of Ganpat Weta Sadan, the three-storeyed residential complex in Tardeo that was gutted in a big blaze earlier this month. One wing of the building had collapsed soon after the fire was doused because of the impact of heat and water.\"This was a very old structure and was due for redevelopment for a long time. After a part of it collapsed last week, it was unsafe to let the remaining portion stand. The structural weakness coupled with the impact of the cylinder blasts and water has significantly damaged its foundations and it is likely to fall anytime. For safety purposes , we have decided to pull it down ourselves,\" said a Mhada officer, overseeing the demolition process. The officer said it would take a minimum of two weeks for the building to be brought down and the site cleared of the rubble.A group of residents watched in silence their houses being reduced to rubble and said they found it depressing to go and retrieve their belongings. \"My entire house was charred. I managed to get a few pieces of gold jewelery but lost everything else,\" said Asha Bapat, a housewife and mother of three.But for some, even their important documents got burnt in the fire. \"I now have no home, no identity and no financial security. I didn't even manage to find a few clothes,\" said Bappi Panji, a musician who used to stay on the second floor.The 32 families who were staying here have also been forced to take up the Mhada offer for flats at Sion. Though they had opposed the offer initially because of the distance from Tardeo, with dim prospects of finding cheap accommodation in the area, several families have reconciled to the move , at least temporarily.\"Many of us will have to move because we have nowhere else to go and the deal with the builder will take some time to materialize . However, those who have children attending schools nearby are having a tough time deciding what to do,\" said one of the residents Mahadev Sawant, a retired serviceman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12397715", "title": "Nurses to start hunger strike", "text": "KOCHI: The striking nurses at Lakeshore Hospital will begin relay hunger strike from Monday as part of intensifying their agitation, said the United Nurses Association (UNA). The association said that the hospital authorities' claim that several nurses rejoined duty was a ploy to weaken the agitation.According to UNA members, around 450 nurses of the hospital are on strike. The strike will continue till the the authorities accept the terms of agreement signed in the presence of labour minister. The UNA leaders said the authorities should take necessary steps to solve the issue.Meanwhile, the hospital management maintained that more than 60 nurses have rejoined duty and that the hospital is functioning as usual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "12398523", "title": "Villager dies in mysterious way", "text": "BAHRAICH: A villager went to cut firewood in Rupaideeha forest range was found almost in a dead condition. Doctors referred him to CSMMU Lucknow, but the villager died on the way. The deceased's family members accompanied by other villagers reached the police station in the morning with the dead body. They also gheraoed the police station. The police have registered the case of murder against three forest personnel including the forest ranger on the application of the deceased's wife and started the investigation. The dead body has been sent for post-mortem. Villagers jammed the Rupaideeha-Nepalganj road for about an hour.Reportedly Shabbeer (40), a resident of Ranjeetbojha village under Rupaideeha police station went to cut the firewood in the forest, but did not return till late evening. The family members started the search, but could not get any clue about him. Forest guard Arshad was patrolling in the forest along with other forest personnel and found Shabbeer lying almost dead under a tree.The forest guard informed the Shabbeer's family members.who reached there and admitted him at Nepalganj nursing home. While taking him to Lucknow's CSMMU, Shabbeer died. The family members took the dead body to home, but they along with hundreds of villagers reached Rupaideeha police station in the morning with the dead body and gheraoed the police station.The family members and the villagers alleged that Shabbeer was beaten to death by the forest personnel. Circle officer (CO) Nanpara RC Pathak said that a case (under section 302) has been registered against forest ranger DB Singh, forest guard Shambhu Yadav and watcher Balli on the application of the deceased's wife and the dead body has been sent for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398338", "title": "University senate members flay proposed MPU Act", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Public Universities (MPU) Act, 2011, proposed by the state government-appointed Arun Nigavekar committee, came in for some severe criticism by members of the senate of the University of Pune (UoP) on Saturday.The proposed act comes as a comprehensive rewrite job of the existing Maharashtra Universities (MU) Act, 1994, and will replace it after alegislative bill is expected to be passed during the monsoon session of the state legislature.A day-long special joint meeting of the UoP senate, the academic council and the management council will be convened in the first half of April to deliberate on the provisions of the MPU Act, UoP's officiating vicechancellor (VC) Sanjay Chahande told the senate members.Among other things, the MPU Act, 2011, seeks to replace the senates in state universities with a new concept called the Society Partnership Council (SOUL), which will have 45 prominent representatives from different walks of life - half of these will be nominated members.As such, the overall composition of SOUL will be far less than the 100-odd members strength of the existing senate bodies. It is this provision which has raised the hackles of the UoP senate members, who feel that their very existence as part of a key statutory body of the varsity is at stake.Adraft of the MPU Act is currently being examined by a multi-member expert panel, headed by former bureaucrat Kumud Bansal. Later, it will be tabled for approval by the State Cabinet. Eventually, the bill will be introduced in the state legislature.The present MU Act provides for senate as the principal authority for all financial estimates and budgetary appropriations and for providing social feedback to the university on current and future academic programmes.The feedback task is to be taken care of by members elected from the affiliated colleges and institutions - 18 principals; eight representatives of college managements; 20 teachers; 10 registered graduates; two students' representatives; five post-graduate (PG) teachers; two MLAs and two MLCs, among others.With the VC as its presiding head, the state directors for higher, technical and medical education, director of students welfare board and seven distinguished personalities nominated by the VC make up for the rest of the senate.Getting into the senate is seen as a status symbol that drives politicallyinclined academicians as well as individuals from other fields, to pour in money and pull the right strings during the university elections to be part of the senate. Often, concern has been raised over the senates having been reduced to 'pockets of influence', while there has been much criticism about falling standards of debates at senate meetings.Moving an adjournment motion on the issue, senate member Santosh Dhore said, \"The MPU Act needs to be condemned for recommending replacement of senate with the proposed SOUL. We need to convey our strong views against this proposed enactment to the government.\"Senior member Gajanan Ekbote seconded the motion while pointing out that the SOUL will be reduced to a toothless body with no decision-making powers on matters relating to budget, statutes and annual reports. \"Half of the SOUL members will be nominated people with no independent views,\" he said. \"There will be no representation for principals and institute managements,\" he added.Principal Nandakumar Nikam, who was part of the Nigavekar committee, brought to the VC's notice that the issue cannot be decided on the basis of a brief discussion in the senate, but needs a wider deliberation by members from senate as well as academic and management councils.Dhore withdrew the adjournment motion after the VC declared that the joint meeting proposed by Nikam will be held soon and views of members will be conveyed to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12399260", "title": "If I had a son, he would look like Trayvon: Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: President Obama did not mention race even as he addressed it on Friday, instead letting his person and his words say it all, \"If I had a son, he'd look like Trayvon.\"Weighing in for the first time on the death of Trayvon Martin, the unarmed black teenager shot and killed a month ago in Florida by a neighbourhood watch volunteer , Obama in powerfully personal terms deplored the \"tragedy\" and, as a parent, expressed sympathy for the boy's mother and father.\"I can only imagine what these parents are going through. And when I think about this boy, I think about my own kids,\" Obama said. \"Every parent in America,\" he added, \"should be able to understand why it is absolutely imperative that we investigate every aspect of this and that everybody pulls together - federal, state and local - to figure out exactly how this tragedy happened.\"While speaking movingly as the father of two girls, Obama notably made no reference to the racial context that has made the killing of Trayvon and the gunman's claim of self-defence a rallying point for African-Americans . Since Obama first began campaigning to be \"president of all the people,\" when pressed on racial issues, he has been generally reluctant to talk about race. And after his historic election as the first black president, Obama learned the hard way about the pitfalls of the chief executive opining on law enforcement involving civil rights.One of Obama's aide, requesting anonymity, said that there was no internal debate about how to respond to Trayvon's death, but that Obama wanted to await justice department's initial review and the announcement by his attorney general, Eric H Holder Jr, that the civil rights division would investigate .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12399083", "title": "Robbers loot house, batter two kids to death", "text": "KANPUR: Unidentified robbers brutally battered two children to death and critically injured their parents before decamping with cash and valuables worth lakhs in Shivrajpur area of the district in the wee hours of Saturday. They also attacked their neighbour when he tried to intervene.Barely a couple of days ago, the dacoits had struck in Bithoor area, where they had escaped with booty worth several lakh of rupees and pushed a 40-year-old woman off the roof of her house on Tuesday night.The miscreants entered the house of one Shailendra Singh Yadav, a resident of Barrajpur under the jurisdiction of Shivrajpur police station around 5 am. Yadav is into manufacturing scooter dickey and owns a factory in Barrajpur. On being opposed by the family members, they first attacked Yadav's two children -- Betu (13) and Shalini (15) -- with lathis and rods and then hit him and his wife Meera till they fell unconscious. They strangled the two children to death by placing lathis on their neck, said a police officer. After ransacking the house, they escaped with cash, jewellery and other valuables.\"I was asleep and woke up after coming across commotion. Their children started screaming for help when few among the robbers hit their parents with lathis and rods. Later, they also attacked the two kids and when they fell unconscious, they later strangled them to death by placing lathis on their neck. It was when I tried to challenge them, they also beat me severely,\" said Parshuram Pandey, a local who rushed to rescue them.The children succumbed to serious injuries while their parents are undergoing treatment at the Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital. The incident came to light in the morning when Parshuram apprised the villagers who rushed to the spot and found the four lying unconscious in a pool of blood. Shalini said after the men hit her in the head, she collapsed and regained consciousness only in the hospital.Shailendra and Shailini, besides their neighbour Parshuram Pandey, have been admitted to the LLR Hospital where the doctors have stated Shailendra's condition to be stable.The police have detained about half-a-dozen suspects and are questioning them in this connection. \"We have some clues. Finger-print experts and a dog squad have also been pressed to crack the case,\" said SSP Amitabh Yash. A case has been registered and we have also formed separate teams to solve the case of robbery and double murder, the DIG added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12398577", "title": "Varsity admission process starts", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The admission process for 2012-13 session of Allahabad University started on Saturday. On the first day, over thousand admission forms were sold from the Pravesh Bhawan.Director, AU admission cell, Prof BN Singh said on Saturday a total of 1134 forms were distributed from the Pravesh Bhawan. Of these, 1051 were of Undergrdaute Admission Test (UGAT) while 83 were of Law five-year integrated course. Around 50 students submitted their forms on the first day itself, he said.This year, the university has provided the option of both online and offline submission of forms and has started a website -- www.auadmissions.co.in -- for admission seekers, said Prof Singh. The online forms too became available from Saturday.As per the schedule, candidates vying for admission in UG programmes will have to procure and submit the forms between March 24 and April 25 so as to be able to download the admit cards from the AU website from May 8 onwards. UGAT will be held on May 22 and 23.BA LLB programme aspirants can procure and submit the forms between March 24 and April 25 and can download the admit cards from AU website from May 8 onwards. They will appear in the admission test on May 29. Aspirants of MBA and MBA (rural development) programmes have only the option of applying online. No forms for this programme will be distributed or accepted at Pravesh Bhawan. These candidates, however, will also be able to fill the form from Saturday with the last date of applying being April 30. The MBA entrance test will be held on May 24 and that of MBA (RD) on May 25.Prof Singh said UGAT forms will be distributed from three counters between 10am and 3pm. Forms for BA LLB were distributed from a separate counter at Pravesh Bhawan with the same timings. However, forms will not be distributed on March 25 as it is Sunday. The forms for general/OBC category is of Rs 600 while that for SC/ST will cost Rs 500. The duly filled forms will be accepted till 4pm daily.\"We have made adequate arrangements for shade, drinking water for the candidates have been made at Pravesh Bhawan along with security arrangements to ensure smooth sale and submission of the forms, total figures of which could be over 70,000,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397599", "title": "Municipal polls: Winnability gives women kin of leaders an edge", "text": "NEW DELHI: With just a day left for filing nominations for municipal elections, both BJP and Congress are having a tough time finalizing the list of candidates, especially women. Both parties are caught in a dilemma as their women workers are not meeting the criteria of winnability. As a result, sources say, they may have to fall back on the family members of sitting councillors, MLAs, mandal or block presidents etc. This has resulted in unrest among party workers. On Saturday, several women workers of the BJP protested outside the house of senior party leader Venkaiah Naidu, who is in-charge of Delhi, for not considering \"genuine\" party workers for a ticket. \"I have been working with the party for the past 20 years. With 50% reservations, the party should push people like me who have served the party for so long.Instead, it is considering a person who is not an active party worker. Just because her husband is an active member of BJP, her name is being considered,'' said Rama Manchanda, a BJP worker from Majnu Ka Tila mandal. The women cell of the Congress is hoping against hope that sincere party workers will be given a chance. \"It is our party which has implemented 50% reservations for women in MCD . We have a strong network of women workers who have done considerable work in various wards. We are hopeful that they will be given a fair chance,'' said a women councillor from the party. She, however, admitted that finding a Muslim woman worker was going to be a tough job. \"There are several Muslim-dominated wards which have been reserved for women but there aren't many Muslim women workers in the party,'' she said. \"We are looking at all aspects like educational qualification, contribution to party etc. but the most important factor is winnability. A lot of workers are well-known in the area but can't win. We are in a majority in the present MCD. If the sitting councillor has done work in his ward and his wife is an active member of the party, we will consider her case,'' said a member of the BJP's election committee. Sources say a large number of names recommended by the districts and mandals are that of wives and daughters of sitting councillors or mandal presidents. In the Chandni Chowk ward, sitting councillor Suman Gupta's daughter-in-law's name was recommended by the mandal. Gupta's seat has been reserved for women. Similarly, sitting BJP councillors Shyam Lal Morwal, Vijay Pandit and Sunil Yadav, mandal president from Rampura, are among those who are pitching for their wives. In the Congress, sitting councillor from Sita Ram Bazaar, Mahmood Zia, is lobbying for his sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397555", "title": "As veggie prices pinch, mandi says no shortage", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is only the start of the Navratra and prices of fruits and vegetables are on the rise in the city. Azadpur mandi officials say there is no shortage of vegetables in the wholesale market and prices of only some off-season vegetables like bitter gourd, pointed gourd (parval) and lady's finger are expectedly high. However, Delhiites continue to pay through their nose for veggies as retailers have spiked rates.The price of bitter gourd has remained almost the same in the wholesale market, fluctuating between Rs 33 and Rs 35 per kg between March 1 and March 22. In the retail market, the price has shot up to an average Rs 60. Within a single colony like CR Park, a kilogram of bitter gourd can be bought for anything between Rs 60 and Rs 80.\"Vegetables like bitter gourd and pointed gourd are off-season so their prices can be high. But going by the massive variation in rates across the city, it is evident that the retailers have hiked rates. Otherwise, there is no problem in supply. Rates are under control,\" said an official of the Azadpur mandi.Aditipriya Wohra, a resident of South Extension, says prices have been on the rise for about 10 days now. \"There is a difference of about Rs 2-10 in prices of most vegetables. Essential items like ginger and green chillies are also expensive. Ginger costs Rs 75-80 per kg. Now that the Navratras have started, fruits are also quite expensive. I spend Rs 700-Rs 1,000 on vegetables and fruits for three days.\"In east Delhi's Parparganj, Vidhi Mathur says, \"I was worried about vegetable rates in Patparganj as they have risen by Rs 3-5 since the beginning of the month. But my sister-in-law in GK is paying Rs 5-10 more than me.\"Though there is no change in rates at the wholesale market, it is still immediately held responsible for price rise by retailers. Chandan, a vendor in IP Extension, says, \"There has been a rise of Rs 2-10 in the past two weeks. The mandi rates are going up and we are helpless.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12398116", "title": "Chaitra Navratri observed", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiny red chunris and items of 'solah shringar', i.e. adornments worn by married women , were visible across shopping markets in Mumbai to mark the onset of Chaitra Navratra on Friday. Through the nine-day festival, devotees will dedicate these items to goddess Durga. Some Hindus will abstain from indulgences like non-vegetarian food while some will travel barefoot, although this is not stipulated in the scriptures.Chaitra Navratra is considered the second most important Navratra of the Hindu calendar after Sharad Navratra which falls during September-October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12397932", "title": "Slow work may hit power supply in Greater Noida", "text": "NOIDA: With the summer season fast approaching, memories of power woes in Greater Noida have returned to haunt residents. Over the past several years power situation has been acute in the city and with the completion of upgradation work of the power substation in RC Greens pushed back to August, residents fear the summer of 2012 would be no better than the past.However, Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL), the power distribution utility of Greater Noida, says that work is on to expedite the project, including underground cabling of wires in the city, to lessen power cuts in the ensuing months.\"Power situation in the city keeps fluctuating. At times there are no power cuts while at others we have to endure long hours of load shedding,\" said Vikram Kasana, a resident of Gamma-II of Greater Noida. \"We have bad memories of long power cuts in summer. At present, power situation is normal but we are not sure whether the power distribution company would ensure this in the summer months ahead,\" said K P Singh Tomar, another resident of Greater Noida.Power consumers had been assured by NPCL that upgradation work of the 132 KV power sub-station in R C Greens to 220 KV would be complete by February thereby reducing power woes of residents. But the target has been subsequently pushed back to August.Uttar Pradesh Power Transmission Company Limited has undertaken upgradation work of this sub-station, which had been set up towards the end of 2010, with an initial capacity of 132 KV. The estimated cost of this work is Rs 21 crore. It had been assured to residents that increase in capacity of the substation would enhance the capacity of NPCL for power transmission. NPCL says it is forced to induce load shedding as its own transmission capacity is low.\"UPPTCL is trying to expedite the project. The civil work for the project is already complete,\" said an NPCL official. \"The upgraded substation will enhance the transmission potential of NPCL. But increasing potential is entirely at the disposal of the UPPTCL. Unless this potential is hiked, we can not ensure adequate power to consumers,\" official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397637", "title": "Over 2,000 accused in UP foodgrain scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The massive spread of the UP foodgrain diversion scam came to the fore when CBI told the Supreme Court that it has filed FIRs against over 2,000 people, including politicians and public servants, during its investigations in just five places.No other single scam in India's history has seen registration of FIRs against so many persons and this could also be worrisome for the Akhilesh Singh Yadav government as the list includes a minister in his council. Those who looked after public distribution system and their associates during the BSP regime headed by Mayawati are also in the dock.Responding to an application filed by advocate Vishwanath Chaturvedi, who alleged there was rampant diversion of foodgrains worth Rs 2 lakh crore in the state since the year 2002, CBI said it has chargesheeted former SP MLA Om Prakash Gupta of Sitapur and has now searched premises of brothers of Vinod Kumar Singh aka Pandit Singh. Vinod Kumar Singh was a minister in Mulayam Singh Yadav government in 2003 and is now a minister in Akhilesh Singh Yadav's ministry. The CBI said: \"In the case pertaining to Gonda, searches have been made in 14 places including the premises of Narendra Singh and Mahesh Singh, brothers of Vinod Kumar Singh alias Pandi Singh ex-minister of UP and 2 middlemen /financers have been held.\"\"In Lucknow district, searches have been conducted at five places including Daljeet Singh, a transporter/financer, whose role has surfaced as the kingpin of foodgrain scam case,\" the CBI said. Chaturvedi had alleged that CBI has not taken action against Daljeet Singh because of his proximity to Union ministers and UP Congress president.Refuting Chaturvedi's allegations, CBI said it has carried out and \"undertakes to carry out investigations in a most scientific and professional manner, uninfluenced by the position of the suspects and accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12392494", "title": "Celebs at Paresh Maity\u2019s artshow in Mumbai", "text": "While Abhishek Bachchan inaugurated Ram Kumar and Paresh Maity's artshow, other artists and art connoisseurs were seen admiring the works on display.Sakti Burman, Tarana Khubchandani, Tushar Sethi, Arti and Kailash Surendranath, AN Roy and Mayank Anand were among the invitees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398522", "title": "Rural police\u2019s initiative to seek info via SMS pays dividends", "text": "PUNE: The initiative by the Pune rural police to seek information from citizens via SMS, about illegal activities, like gambling, sale of illegal liquor and other such crimes in their localities, has paid rich dividends.In the last four months, the police have arrested 701 suspects and have seized properties worth over Rs 27 lakh in 666 prohibition cases. The police have arrested 285 suspects and have seized properties to the tune of over Rs 4 lakh in 86 gambling cases.Former superintendent of police Sandeep Karnik, during his tenure, had appealed to the public to provide information on illegal activities in the district.After Karnik was transferred to Mumbai, following the Maval firing incident, the present superintendent, Shahaji Solunkhe, followed up the initiative of taking prompt action on complaints received via SMS.Additional superintendent Ramnath Pokale said, \"Karnik had started the initiative. We have re-issued the statement to remind the public to relay information on SMS.\"Sub-inspector (cyber cell) Vikas Kumbhar said, \"We get 10 to 15 complaints via SMS every day. They are sorted and referred to the concerned police station and crime branch\". According to Kumbhar, all police stations have taken instant actions, among which the Loni Kalbhor police have topped the list of taking maximum actions.\"We receive information of all types of complaints, including petty and domestic disputes. We are, however, focusing on illegal activities, as remaining complaints can be dealt at the police station levels,\" Kumbhar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398563", "title": "Engineer killed a day before getting degree", "text": "CHENNAI: He had come to the city to get his B Tech degree at the convocation on Saturday but was fatally knocked down by a speeding bus on Friday night.Daniel Sylvester, 23, had come from Paramakudi where he was employed at a Karur Vysya Bank branch and was returning with a friend after buying shoes for the function when their two-wheeler was hit by the bus at Chromepet.Daniel's father Pushparaj told TOI that his son had completed his BTech course last year at a private engineering college in Poonamallee and was to receive his degree certificate on Saturday evening.He was staying with his friend Prabhu in Guduvanchery and the two had come to Pallavaram on Prabhu's two-wheeler.After making purchases and filling fuel at an outlet in Chromepet, they were returning home to Guduvanchery when the incident occurred. Daniel, who was riding pillion, was thrown away and died on the spot while his friend Prabhu sustained injuries, police said.\"He had booked tickets for us to come for the convocation. When we asked him to come home to Salem he said he wanted to spend a day in Chennai with friends as they wanted to buy the same clothes and shoes. Had he come home to Salem he would been alive,\" said a sobbing Pushparaj.Daniel Sylvester told his parents that he wanted to spend a day in Chennai with friends as they wanted to buy clothes and shoes. Had he come home to Salem he would been alive, his father Pushparaj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12400874", "title": "\u2018Lack of amenities hits urban development\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: The absence of basic facilities like drinking water, proper transport and electricity is a major hindrance in the in the urban development. The experts concluded at the national seminar 'Urban planning: Perspective Bhopal 2031' organized in the city on Thursday.District Development Authority ex-commissioner (DDA) Prof EFN Ribeiro highlighted the problems.Organized by the IES Group of Institutions, the seminar aims at suggesting ways and means for better urban planning. For a city like Bhopal, it assumes importance as the Town and Country Planning is carrying out an exercise to prepare a master plan of Bhopal.There is an urgent need to take serious steps for saving the archaeological sites, he said. \"According to Archaeological Survey of India in Delhi alone, there are more than 138 archaeological sites. Several schemes are being implemented to preserve such sites. However, the need is to run the same schemes across the country, including Bhopal,\" Prof Ribeiro said.Prof Mohan Kapshe of the School of Planning and Architecture, emphasized to make Bhopal low carbon area city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12402549", "title": "Odisha hostage crisis: Maoists free one Italian tourist", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Sunday said the Maoists released one of the two Italians, Claudio Colangelo, who were kidnapped 11 days ago in Odisha.Speaking to reporters after his release, 61-year-old Claudio said: \"They have finally released me today. Let's hope they release Paolo soon.\"Earlier, chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on Sunday held a meeting of top state police and administrative officials.The guerillas abducted Italians Bosusco Paolo, 54, and Claudio Colangelo, from a forested area on the border of state's Ganjam and Kandhamal district March 14.On Saturday, the rebels kidnapped ruling Biju Janata Dal (BJD) legislator Jhina Hikaka in Koraput district.The kidnapping of 37-year-old Hikaka took place even as the government was holding dialogue with the rebels through their mediators for the release of the Italians.The government also promised that there would be no coercive action by the security forces as long as there is no violence from the Maoists.The rebels have set 13 demands for the release of hostages including a ban on the visit of tourists to the tribal areas, halt to anti-Maoist operations, and release of several prisoners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12393105", "title": "Chiranjeevi\u2019s nephew Sai Dharam Tej debut in troubled waters?", "text": "If Tollywood insiders are to be believed, Mega Star Chiranjeevi's nephew Sai Dharam Tej's much-hyped debut has run into troubled waters. The film \" Rey\" has been in the post-production stage for the longest time now and T-town circles are abuzz with news that YVS Chowdary is unable to fund the film's release, post the huge losses he incurred with \" Nippu\". Another version doing the rounds is that distributors and buyers are not coming forth to purchase the flick, possibly due to the string of flops YVS Chowdary came out with in the recent times.Insiders hint that the Mega Star family might step in and fund the project so that the film hits screens. After all, the debut of anyone from a filmi family such as the Mega Star's, is a biggie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12397801", "title": "Jewellers hold rally, CM assures to speak to Centre", "text": "JAIPUR: Representatives of Rajasthan Sarafa Association and Jaipur Jewellers Association met chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Saturday to demand withdrawal of the proposed customs duty hike on gold and excise on unbranded jewellery. Gehlot assured the jewellers that he would discuss their demands with Union minister for commerce, industry and textiles Anand Sharma and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee.\"The chief minister gave us a patient hearing and assured us that he would make appropriate representation at the Centre on behalf of jewellers in the state,'' said Rajesh Dhamani, secretary, Jaipur Jewellers Association.A 10-member delegation met the CM at his residence on Saturday morning before the jewellers and those associated with the industry took out a 'maharally' from Badi Chaupar to Raj Bhawan.The representatives, during the meeting which lasted for a little over half-an-hour, also brought to the table other demands.\"There has been a long-pending demand for an artisan training development centre and a gems bourse in the city. The chief minister assured that the state government will do all it can in the interest of the jewellers and the industry,'' said Subhash Gupta, president, Rajasthan Sarafa Association.Over 15,000 jewellers from across the state participated in the maharally that was taken out in the afternoon. At Raj Bhawan, they handed over a memorandum for the governor to the officials.Rajasthan jewellers, along with other jewellers across the country, have been on a strike since last Saturday and have announced to continue it till the proposed hike in customs duty is not withdrawn. According to rough estimates, business of over Rs 1,000 crore has been hit due to the 8-day strike in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397600", "title": "Chief Justice for legal advice clinics in jails", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief Justice of Andhra Pradesh high court Madan B Lokur visited the Central Prison, Chanchalguda, on Saturday. During his visit, he suggested a provision for better access to legal aid to the prisoners.According to prisons department officials, the chief justice suggested that 'Legal Advice Clinics' should be opened in the jail so that inmates can get legal aid whenever required.As of now, officers of the Andhra Pradesh Legal Services Authority visit jails regularly and talk to prisoners to find out if anyone needs legal aid. What the chief justice has now suggested is something which reportedly exists in Tihar jail where officers are available at a particular room and accessible to the prisoners anytime. Legal aid is given to such prisoners who cannot afford to hire their own advocates.Additional inspector general (IG) of the prisons department B Sunil Kumar said that steps would be taken to set up 'Legal Advice Clinics' at Chanchalguda prison, to begin with. The chief justice also examined the video conferencing facility at the jail. He spoke to a magistrate at Nampally jail through video conferencing. He also discussed with prison authorities the possibility of extending the facility to other prisons and courts.Chief Justice Lokur also went around the prison barracks and interacted with some of the prisoners. He visited the Special Prison for Women, too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398379", "title": "Rs `446-cr budget tabled in senate", "text": "PUNE: A Rs 446.99-crore budget for 2012-13, with fresh provisions to increase the bandwidth capacity for the on-campus use of internet and enhanced focus on research programmes and fellowships, was tabled before the senate of the University of Pune (UoP) on Saturday.The overall provision is up by Rs 62.16 crore from the Rs 384.83-crore budget (revised estimates) that was announced for 2011-12. The projected deficit, at Rs 103.21 crore, has also gone up by Rs 10.42 crore from the Rs 92.79 crore last year.Moving the budget proposal, senior management council and senate member Pandit Vidyasagar said, \"The budget has extended an appropriate priority to academic and research programmes, while also taking into account the requirements of all other stakeholders, i.e. students, teachers and nonteaching staff.\"\"The focus is also on allocations for special grants to the postgraduate departments, students facilitation centre, quality improvement programme, financial aid to affiliated colleges, students scholarships, and skill development and assistance to the economically weaker section students,\" he said.The Pune University Network, formerly known as the triple connectivity programme, has been allocated Rs 9.7 crore towards development and another Rs 2.25 crore towards maintenance, while Rs 6 crore have been earmarked for the quality improvement programme and another Rs 5 crore for the virtual classroom project.The UoP's 411-acre campus already has an elaborate fibre optic network and wireless network facility. But considering the increasing use of internet and the growing number of students, the UoP is keen on strengthening the bandwidth capacity, he said.ARs 8-crore provision has been made for the proposed new building for the students' facilitation centre, which was recently started from a makeshift bungalow adjacent to the main entrance. This centre has been positioned as the one-stop avenue for students reaching the university for exam-related documents, degrees and other works.The budget provides Rs 3 crore for M.Phil/Ph.D scholarships and Rs 1 crore for research fellowships, besides Rs 7.36 crore for the students' welfare board, which drives most of the university's student-centric initiatives. The board's allocation is up by Rs 6 lakh from last year's Rs 7.30 crore. Another Rs 1.72 crore have been provided for the students hostels.On the revenue side, the UoP received a bulk of its earning from the exam department, at Rs 101.89 crore out of the total 446.99 crore budget. This constitutes 22.8% of the total earnings. Meanwhile, officiating vice-chancellor Sanjay Chahande informed the senate members that an urgent meeting of the Board of Examination will be convened soon to deliberate steps required to strengthen the functioning of the exam department.The department came in for severe flak from the senate for its \"inefficiency and inaction\" over some of the recent scams and irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "12401508", "title": "Forum urges PM to create new states", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: A delegation of the Federation of New States, a new forum based in New Delhi formed by leaders seeking creation of smaller states, called on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi on Thursday and submitted a memorandum to this end.The organization is headed by MP Sansuma Khunggur Bwiswmuthiary, who is the president, and Baba R K Dev Tomar, the working president.Bwiswmuthiary said the creation of new states across the country for better administration and all round development of all communities is the need of the hour. He added that the creation of Telengana is worrying people of that particular region and the members of the federation, which comprises 42 per cent people of the country, are also not happy about the happenings.He said the federation and the struggling groups can't remain mute spectators at this juncture. He added that if the Centre fails to create Telengana and other smaller states, they will be compelled to renew their countrywide movement.The memorandum, which was signed by as many as 16 organizations of smaller states, urged the Centre to play a proactive role to create new states like Telengana, Bodoland and Gorkhaland. Bwiswmuthiary said the federation had staged a demonstration at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi recently, seeking creation of new states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12398188", "title": "Air India reintroduces Kolkata-Hyderabad flight", "text": "KOLKATA: A resurgent Air India is strengthening the network in the east and improving in-flight service in a bid to recapture lost air space. After connecting Kolkata with Bhubaneswar and introducing the third daily frequency to Mumbai, the national carrier is set to reintroduce the Kolkata-Hyderabad flight from Sunday after a hiatus of one-and-a-half years.The state-of-the-art Airbus 319 will touch down in the city of joy at 12.40am and take off for the city of Charminar at 1.25pm. This takes the average number of daily AI services from Kolkata to 24. With the Hyderabad flight, AI will now re-establish connection with all metros from Kolkata.In a bid to woo back passengers, the carrier is also poised to introduce a wider variety of in-flight cuisine options on metro sectors in its domestic network. From April 1, meals-both Indian and continental-will be served on all flights with duration of over 90 minutes.\"Passengers flying with the airline can now look forward to more variety in dining, be it breakfast, lunch/dinner or high tea. The meals served on board the flights will include a blend of cuisine from all regions. The focus of the new meals will be taste, attractive presentation and health consciousness. Due care is being taken to ensure that it is cooked and served in a manner that the freshness of the food is retained. Salads and desserts will include gourmet items,\" an official said.The choices for vegetarian and non-vegetarian meals will be available to passengers flying both in economy and business class. Business class passengers can also choose from any of the 23 special meals.The emphasis on cuisine assumes significance in the wake of the turbulence that Kingfisher Airlines is currently experiencing. It was the Vijay Mallya-owned carrier that first introduced the concept of fine dining on board its flights. Now, with Kingfisher on the back foot, AI has an opportunity to reclaim lost ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401736", "title": "Manchu Manoj was a poor student", "text": "His last film to hit the screens, \"Mr Nookiah\" created quite a controversy. But it seems like things are looking up for actor Manchu Manoj.Not only did his movie manage to dodge a bullet in the form of the legal notice slapped by cell phone giant Nokia, but the actor also became the first member from his family to win a Nandi award on Friday night.Post winning the prestigious state award, the actor woke up to a bright Sunday morning, still reeling under the joy of bagging the recognition. Manoj took to his micro blogging page to confess that as a kid he was always a poor student, who was more inclined toward sports and movies. \"Never seen my dad mom Akka anna soo happy:-) I've always failed in exams and was a poor student in education:) always sports and movies:). now I feel like I passed 10th board exams in distinction :)) (sic),\" posted the actor, who felt vindicated for his lack of inclination towards academics.Friday night saw the actor walk in with his mother to receive his award, while others from the family were busy with their respective work schedules. \"Vishnu anna in tirupati shooting :) and Akka shooting for maniratnam and dad was at tirupati while receiving the award... (sic),\" posted the actor on the whereabouts of his family members during the award ceremony.Finally, thanking his well-wishers the actor promised to work \"ten times harder\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12403819", "title": "Dancing to a new tune", "text": "Dibyajyoti Chaudhuri Dancing to a new tune Mrinalini Tyagi and Asha Negi had a lot to learn in the last one week.Currently seen as Purvi (Asha Negi) and Teju (played by Mrinalini Tyagi) on a popular soap, the two recently found themselves in quite a fix. With Gudi Padwa around the corner, the producers of the show had written in a lavni sequence for the two of them to dance to! Being completely unacquainted with the traditional Maharashtrian dance style, both girls found themselves in a fix as neither had ever tried their hands at a lavni before. And just as the duo was about to throw their hands up in despair, in steppedAnkita Lokhande with a suggestion that saved the day.Given that the two young ladies were about to shake a leg to the popular track 'apsara aali' from the popular Marathi film Natrang, she suggested that Asha and Mrinalini watch the original track from the film over and over again so as to better grasp the nuances, the expressions, the body language and the posturing required in the dance form. \"Being born and brought up in Dehradun , lavni is a dance that I had never thought I would try in my life so you can imagine how daunting the task looked to me at first\" said Asha. \"Usually one has a few days to prepare and get the steps right; but with the shoot being planned with just a day's notice, we were left with no choice but to make most of the little time we had between our takes. When Ankita suggested that I watch the original track for my reference, I immediately put a video of the song on my phone and watched it over and over again.Lavni is all about being impish and coquettish. And you need to be very quick-footed with your moves. It would have been a shame had I not done justice to it because such a chance wouldn't have come my way again. I think we finally nailed it on the day of the shoot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12397905", "title": "Mumbai walks for kids' health", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens turned up in large numbers at Nariman Point's NCPA complex on Saturday morning to participate in the '1000 Steps Walk' to underline the importance of nutrition for mothers and their children, right from conception to the first two years of life. Not only parents, but many children and their grandparents, too, participated in the walk that ended at the Air India Building.Undernutrition is often listed as the world's most serious but least addressed problem. Any cognitive and physical damage caused by undernutrition in the 1,000-day period from pregnancy to the age of two is particularly severe and irreversible.State health minister Suresh Shetty, who participated in the walk, said that malnutrition is indeed a huge problem.\"The number of urban poor is going up, resulting in poor maternal and infant health,\" he said, adding that early marriage and inadequate spacing between two pregnancies spelt trouble.\"Women need to be more careful. If they are not healthy, their children too will be affected,\" he said.Although undernutrition claims the lives of 3.5 million young children each year, it is preventable. Priya Dutt , MP from the north-central Mumbai parliamentary constituency, said, \"According to the latest University of South Florida (USF) reports, 60% of urban children are malnourished. Nourishment, especially as a mother, is something one should be very careful about.\"Interacting with the crowd, Bollywood stars Konkona Sen Sharma and Tara Sharma said that their lives changed after they became mothers. \"As mothers, what we eat is very important for the child too. We must thus eat well so that the family remains healthy,\" said Tara.The crowd cheered the most when Bollywood director and actor Amol Gupte arrived. He said that it is not just a home, but an entire society which begins with a mother. \"In our idealized nation, women need to cater to their nutrition not just to bear children, but also for themselves,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12393870", "title": "3 tools to enhance your Word experience", "text": "If there's one type of software that's universally employed, it has got to be the word processor; and inarguably, the one that's most used is Microsoft Word. Over the years, the Redmond-based giant has kept on improving its offering. Still, for those looking for that little bit extra, there are third-party utilities that add useful functionality to what you get out of the box. All of the addons mentioned here are free.OfficeTab China-based Detong Technology's OfficeTab is one utility that you simply must install if you crave the tabbed functionality that web browsers offer. Currently, whenever you open multiple documents in Word, they appear as separate instances that sit on the taskbar.However, this addon lets you toggle easily between multiple files within the same window with the help of tabs; one for each of the open files.The freeware version of OfficeTab, which also lets you create tabs for Excel and Powerpoint, allows you to open, edit, and manage multiple documents in a single tabbed window; minimize the number of windows you open at the same time; and even save and close all Office documents with one click.PDFCreator PDFCreator is a freeware that, as its name suggests, lets you create PDFs from almost any Windows application, including your web browser. After an 18MB installation, all you have to do to create a PDF is go to the Print option in Word (or whichever other software you may choose), and instead of selecting your print device, select the PDFCreator option from the printer dropdown.The add-on allows you to create password-protected PDFs that prevent unauthorized users from opening them, or even printing the file. Using this tool, you can also create PNG, JPG, TIFF, BMP, PCX, PS, EPS out of the MS Word file. Ideal for creating a neatlyformatted Curriculum Vitae, if you ask me - and very professional too!CrossEyes If your job involves working with complex .doc files that are full of formatting elements - headers, footers, bold, italic, various font sizes and types, etc - you might want to tryout CrossEyes. This add-on for MS Word lets you easily demystify and resolve any formatting problems by revealing the hidden settings that control your document. Once installed, open the file you are working on and press Alt+K to access a window that shows you all of the formatting codes in different colours.Then you can simply click the corresponding coloured representation in the CrossEyes window, doing which will bring up the dialog box to control the format settings. Of course, to understand the true powers of this add-on , make sure you pour over the 'Read Me' file that you can also download from the same location as the software. Seriously, this is easier than it sounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12402722", "title": "It's Parliament to decide on anti-corruption law, not Anna Hazare: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Anna Hazare sitting on a day-long token fast for a stronger Lokpal bill, the Congress on Sunday said the Centre is committed to a strong Lokpal bill but it is for Parliament to make the law.Talking to reporters Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi: \"The government is committed to a strong Lokpal but it is for Parliament to decide what kind of law has to be made. Anna Hazare is free to fast but the government is sincerely working towards Lokpal Bill. Parliament is supreme and it will make the law. Anna can't dictate government.\"Replying to Team Anna's charge hat the UPA government is not committed to a strong Lokpal, Alvi said people can have different view on things.Large crowds gathered at the Jantar Mantar Sunday as Hazare began his day-long fast at 11 am in the capital.Tricolours, Anna caps, patriotic songs -- a day-long protest by Anna Hazare at Jantar Mantar demanding justice for whistleblowers, who were killed fighting corruption, had all its usual ingredients. The dharna hotspot was almost full before 74-year-old Hazare emerged on the dais with his close aides at 11:15 am roaring 'Vande Mataram, Bharat Mata ki Jai and Inquilab Zindabad' in his inimitable style.Waving tricolour and clapping to patriotic songs, the crowd responded to the chants of slogans raised by the India Against Corruption activists.The mood was enthusiastic and passions were aroused as the protest started around 11 am with Team Anna member Kumar Vishwas challenging ministers to sent their children to streets to fight corruption.(Input from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12398969", "title": "These young global shapers show us the way", "text": "BANGALORE: SAP Labs India, at its campus in Whitefield, Bangalore, played host to the launch of Global Shapers Karnataka, an exclusive community established by the World Economic Forum to recognize exceptional youth with extraordinary achievements in their 20s. For the 250 youth from across Karnataka, selected to attend the event, it was a great opportunity to learn and interact with some of the best minds in India.In her keynote address via video conference, Kiran Bedi, the first woman Indian police officer, shared her views on the 'Role of Youth in Social Transformation'. She urged the youth to place \"India first, above all the rest\". The keynote was followed by a talk by Kris Gopalakrishnan, co-chairman, Infosys, who spoke about 'Taking Technology to the Next Level' and the role that technology plays as an enabler.The keynotes were followed by brainstorming sessions on topics of relevance to youth, such as 'Education and the Role of Youth', and panel discussions moderated by Suhas Gopinath, founder, CEO, and chairman of Globals Inc., Rajeev Gowda, chairman, Centre for Public Policy, IIMB, Suma Sudhindra, noted veena player and researcher, and Matilda Pereira, of Be Fund, which promotes entrepreneurship among low income groups.Sunil Rajshekhar, director, Times Group, walked the audience through an interesting journey of how Vijaya Karnataka, the leading Kannada language newspaper, was repositioned to attract young readers. \"Through 'Yuva Garjane' (roar of the youth) campaign, Vijaya Karnataka is providing a rare opportunity to homegrown talent and exposure of unprecedented scale,\" he said.\"What differentiates this event from other youth leadership summits is that the focus would not just be inspiring conversations, but actual result-driven empowerment. For example, we have already collated a database of 25,000 deserving youth, who would be given access to opportunities like scholarships, jobs, internships etc,\" added Sangeeth Varghese, founding curator, Global Shapers.Sharing his excitement at the launch of Global Shapers Karnataka, VR Ferose, managing director, SAP Labs India, and co-founder, Global Shapers Karnataka, said, \"The event gives selected youth across Karnataka an opportunity to come together to learn and share their views on how to make dynamic contribution to society. While we at SAP Labs are proud to host the launch of Global Shapers Karnataka, it is not about conducting a great event, it is the start of a momentum which is meaningful and has a tangible outcome.\"Local iconsSome of the names recognized as Global Shapers are Divya Spandana, film personality, Pankaj Advani , ace billiards champion, Rohan Bopanna , Davis Cup winner, Phanindra Sama, founder and CEO, RedBus, and Sridhar Sundaram, associate manager, SAP Labs India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12397695", "title": "Two women from state in Army team for Everest", "text": "JAISALMER: For the first time in the history of Rajasthan two women from the state will be a part of the Army's women expedition to Mt Everest. Major Neha Bhatnagar from Jaipur and Captain Deepika Rathore from Bhawadia in Nagaur district are participating in this expedition. Deepika is married and comes from a middle-class family.\"I am proud of my daughter. For the first time two girls from Rajasthan are going on this expedition\", said Ganpat Singh Rathore, Deepika's father who is deputy director in Rajasthan Finance Commission. Rathore, while sharing incidents of Deepika's bravery and courage said that his second daughter too will join the Army. She has appeared for the written exams and is now preparing for the interview. Deepika's father-in-law Col Suraj Pal Singh Shekhawat and his family had gone to see off their daughter-in-law at the Delhi airport.Neha Bhatnagar's relative had also gone to Delhi to see her off.Army spokesperson Col Jagdeep Dahiya said the team was flagged off by Lt Gen Ramesh Halgali on Thursday from Delhi to Kathmandu . After a 17-day trek they will reach the base camp on April 12, 2012 which is 17500 ft above sea level. Four camps will be established enroute and after completing the load ferries and acclimatization process, the summit attempts will be made between May 15 and 20, 2012.Defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami said that Mt Everest was conquered for the first time by Indian Army Expedition in 2001. Since then it has been a norm in the Army to send members on all expeditions undertaken by the Army or by other organizations like NIM ( Nehru Institute of Mountaineering), HMI ( Himalayan Mountaineering Institute) etc. The first Army women team had scaled Mt Everest through north ( Tibet ) in 2005 and now another such team will attempt for the first time through south ( Nepal ) which is known as the traditional route. This route had also been used by Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay. This is also the longer and much tougher route, as considered by mountaineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12401158", "title": "Stamp out fake degrees: UPSC chief", "text": "INDORE: Fake degree certificate racket that lures country's youth is a serious problem and concrete steps have to be taken to wipe out this menace, said Union Public Service Commission ( UPSC) chairman D P Agarwal. Agarwal said, \"Some serious steps have to be taken to stop fake degree in the education sector. This has marred the popularity of prominent institutes and the country as well.\" He was addressing the gathering at the two-day seminar organized at Shri Govindram Seksaria Institute of Technology and Science (SGSITS) here on Saturday.Comparing technical education with 'yajna',he said that one has to put continuous efforts to see a change. \"Changes in improving technical education cannot be made overnight. One has to put keep on putting efforts to see changes happen,\" Agarwal said.On the first day of the seminar, ex-directors of the institutes along with eminent personalities from various organizations participated.Speaking on current scenario of technical education, P K Sain, former director SGSITS talked about the decline of technical education and suggested measures to be taken to put it on the right track.R K Srivastava, convener of the seminar, said that technical education was witnessing sea changes, so it was a platform to discuss innovation, opportunities and challenges ahead in the field. Vice-chancellor of Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya professor Piyush Trivedi said the modification done by the university to ease out measures for the affiliated technical college with comprehensive varsity website, colleges do not have to rush every time to visit state capital for queries.Giving a contrast to Agarwal view, D D Bhawalkar, former director of RRCAT, said that providing quality technical education was an Agnipariksha. Director of SGSITS, S S Bhadoria said that the reason to organise the seminar was to bring technical education to the level of industry so that desired education can be imparted to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "12399565", "title": "Diarrhoea outbreak in Talcher", "text": "ANGUL: A major outbreak of diarrheoa has created panic in Talcher. More than 30 affected persons are reportedly being treated at various hospitals in the area.Most patients are from the six wards of Bhairabi Sahi, Baula Chhaka and Gochhayat Sahi area of Talcher municipality. Mahendra Behera, a resident of ward number six alleged that though they have been demanding clean drinking water for the residents for quite some time, the authority has turned a blind eye to the plight of the people. Though the public health department here supplies water through a water treatment plant, he said the water is reportedly unfit for drinking.Talcher chief medical officer Santilata Mohanty said, \"We have information regarding the spread of diarrhoea in the municipality and we are taking all precautionary measures.\" Talcher municipality chairperson Jyotsna Dalei said, \"We are supplying clean drinking water through pipes to the locals. A five million litre capacity water treatment plant is being constructed to supply clean drinking water to one and all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12398461", "title": "15-year-old girl raped, Old Goa police register case", "text": "PANAJI: The Old Goa police registered a case of rape on Friday night after a 15-year-old girl alleged that she was raped by her uncle at his residence a few months ago.Michael Fernandes, chairman of the Goa citizen's welfare trust, in his complaint to the police said that when he along with his staff members visited Provedoria at Goa Velha, where children of poor parents are admitted, he met a 15-year-old girl. During their interaction, the minor informed them that she was sexually abused by her uncle at his residence in St Cruz a few months ago.Fernandes approached the Agasaim police station with his complaint. The Agasaim police accepted the complaint and transferred the case to the Old Goa police station as the alleged offence had taken place at St Cruz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12398320", "title": "No 'blue' look for Girish Ghosh's house", "text": "KOLKATA: Natyacharya Girish Ghosh's house in Bagbazar is getting back its old hue. About a month ago, the heritage building was painted blue and white - in keeping with the colour code that has been splashed on all city parks, flyovers, kerb channels, bridges, government buildings and even heritage street furniture. But, following a campaign by The Times of India against efforts by Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) to paint the city and especially its heritage properties blue and white, the civic top brass have decided to restore the landmark building's original colour.After being prodded by mayor Sovan Chatterjee, work on restoring the original colour began on Saturday. Asked what prompted him to restore the legendary dramatist's residence to its original hue, Chatterjee said that it was the handiwork of somebody who did not care about the building's heritage value. \"We need to understand the value a building associated with a personality of the Bengal renaissance holds. Our policy isn't to keep changing the character of a building,\" Chatterjee said. The house was painted in blue and white after the member, mayor-in-council Partha Pratim Hazari asked the contractor to do so, said KMC sources.Besides Ghosh's house, the estate of Murshidabad has also been painted blue and white without the KMC heritage committee's knowledge. \"I don't feel that we can change the city for the better simply by painting it blue and white. We have to keep in mind that we can't change the character of the city's heritage and landmark buildings only by giving them a new hue,\" Congress councillor Prakash Upadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12398999", "title": "Playing the wrong track", "text": "Trains in France travel at 400 km/hr. In China, they move six cm above the ground. Ok, that's a tough order for India, but is the debate over fare hikes diverting attention from the pathetic state our railways are in?Last year, as a bullet train - a trophy of China's technological prowess - fell from a bridge, killing 40, it sparked public furore. Thousands of people expressed their anger on Weibo, the Chinese version of Twitter. \"Wasn't this locomotive the most advanced type and put into use only after many tests? So how come the problems were discovered after they were put into operation? What a miracle,\" wrote one Weibo user, accusing the government of putting profit before safety. As a wave of public anger swept China, it recalled all 54 bullet trains. Between 2007 and 2011, as many as 177 rail accidents took place globally. Of these, 15% happened in India. In 2011 alone, India had 12 train accidents. In 2012, the Indian Railways has already recorded four accidents, the latest one this week. None of them led to an uproar here. No national outrage over social networking sites. Nor did it make the ministry of railways release the report of 28 committees it has set up on safety.\"They are making a big deal of the fare hike and not talking about the real issues like safety and comfortable travel. Nowhere in the world do so many people die in train accidents as in India,\" says a Rail Bhawan official, who didn't want to be named. \"Every time a train derails or rams into a bus at an unmanned crossing, they order an inquiry and forget all about it. After all, it's mostly the poor who die like this and their life is cheap.\"Urban or rural, India's train stations teem with migrant workers who go to big cities and towns to make a living. It's this class of people - left behind by the 'India growth story' - who are the biggest users of Indian railways. For most of them, there is nothing romantic about traveling in filthy trains with choked toilets, which often run late and keep derailing, killing hundreds every year. Even the middle-class' romance with trains is almost over. \"It's because of safety concerns that I switched over to flights, though it's a big burden on my wallet,\" says Nita Swarup, a PR executive from Gurgaon. \"If the trains are clean and safe, I would still prefer them.\"This is also the reason for foreign tourists switching over to flights. According to Andy Cook, who recently arrived in India after traveling through China, train travel there has become as comfortable as flights. \"I thought all trains in India are like the Palace on Wheels, but it's very disappointing .\"Few would argue against reforms in Indian Railways. Even railway unions have supported the hike in fares this time as they fear that lack of funds may endanger passenger safety. \"We need money for safety mechanisms,\" says Shiv Gopal Mishra, general secretary of the All-India Railwaymen's Federation. \"We carry 2 crore people on 18,000 trains daily. The needs can't be ignored.\"While everybody agrees that the Railways needs reforms, there is no agreement on how to go about it. While some officials and experts are in love with the Chinese model (' Different tracks' ), the Planning Commission has been quietly pushing for more private participation. In fact, the government has already initiated multi-billion dollar projects, including a $90b freight corridor to connect Delhi and Mumbai.Ironically, the drama around Dinesh Trivedi's railway budget, his subsequent resignation and the rollback of fares was played out in the name of aam admi. Railway officials blame various railway ministers for the mess. A Rail Bhawan official, blames the \"bunch of jokers\" that have been railway ministers in the past 20 years. According to R C Acharya, a former member of the Railway Board, unless the political class stops viewing the Railways as a platform for patronage disbursal, it can't be what it is supposed to be: the nation's lifeline . \"Various ministers have used the Railways to win friends and influence people, the organisation be damned,\" says Acharya. \"They keep adding new trains every year without considering the economic viability of new routes.\" In private, officials agree that turning the Railways around into a cash cow - privatizing it - is not a good idea. \"If the government can spend Rs 2 lakh crore every year on defence , why can't it manage money for the Railways which keeps the largest chunk of India's traveling people connected to their jobs and families?\"India needs trains and the Railways need money. \"Unlike the defence services, the Railways always remains at war, moving millions of passengers and over 3m tonnes of freight everyday over its 64,000 km of network, come hell or high water,\" says Acharya . If only the Railways could make train journeys safe for ordinary Indians.Berth PangsNetworkIn 1947, India had 53,396 km of railway network China had only 27,000 kmGrowthIn 2010, India's rail network was 64,000 km China's network then was 100,000 kmPace Of ChangeIndia's network is growing at 400 km per year China's is growing at 2,000 km per yearSpeedDelhi-Mumbai Rajdhani Express takes 15 hours to traverse 1,380 km The bullet train from Beijing to Shanghai covers a distance of 1,460 km in five hours", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12398749", "title": "Madanpura society lands in soup again", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The upscale Madanpura Cooperative House Building Society of Panchkula is again in controversy, as an inquiry conducted by the Haryana government has found enormous irregularities, not only in running of its affairs, but even in transfer of shares/plots of the society, which have been done illegally with the connivance of government officials.An inquiry conducted by Haryana financial commissioner V S Kundu recorded violation of the bilateral agreement executed by the society with the Department of Town &amp; Country Planning (DTP), according to which, the plot cannot be transferred before expiry period of 15 years from the date of completion of construction. A substantial number of such plots have been transferred from November 2006 onwards by the society.\"Not only this, the society gave away a part of its land to a Gurukul School on lease for a period of 99 years without taking prior permission of DTP and also carved out 9 extra plots apart from the 167 plots sanctioned by DTP,\" the inquiry held.Kundu recommended that a special team be constituted to scrutinize the proceedings of society's meetings and to reverse the decisions taken in the meetings wherein adequate quorum was not available.Kundu also recommended a special audit of the society to ascertain the present status of assets and liabilities and other financial concerns of the society. This audit report should be made available to each member of the society and should be discussed in the next general body meeting, he added.The inquiry report recommends immediate disciplinary action against Mange Ram Nehra, the then inspector cooperative societies (now assistant registrar cooperative societies, Narayaingarh). Kundu observed the financial commissioner and principal secretary, corporations, had earlier too, recommended disciplinary action against Nehra for having allowed the transfers of plots and shares of society members in an illegal manner, but the registrar cooperative societies did not take any action. The case is slated for hearing before the Punjab and Haryana high court on April 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401585", "title": "Diary of a single girl", "text": "March 20, Week 43I had an interesting conversation with a model, who ruled the ramp 10 years ago.He used to be married, but there were reports last year that he was dating a model and his marriage was in trouble. I have known this Punjabi boy for a few years and it's always fun to spend an evening with him. We were at a fancy nightclub in Bandra and I learnt that guys think they know a lot about women from the way we walk, dress and wear our hair! It all began when a girl in her mid-30s passed by, wearing snug jeans. She was plump and had curly, waist-length hair. We both looked at her, and my friend said, \"She must be really hot in bed.\" I asked him how he had reached that conclusion.He: Women with curly hair are highly sexed. Me: And how do you know that this is her natural hair? She could have had a perm! He: (Looking sheepish) Look at the way she walked. Me: Do women have different styles of walking? He: You won't understand. Guys know this stuff. Me: Interesting. What else do guys think they know about us? He: We get clues from everything - the way you talk, the language you use, the way you dress. Me: How can you sit in judgment? It's like saying a girl who dresses demurely is demure and a girl in a dress that shows cleavage is a slut. It's possible that the demurely dressed girl has had more affairs than someone, who wears a short dress. That's so stupid, not to mention, unfair to peg people. He: It's a guy thing. Me: (Irritated) Well, it's a dumb thing. I recently read a book in which a cop says that women with dark circles are horny. Really now! She could be an insomniac, or having a vitamin deficiency. Just because she has dark circles doesn't mean she's up for having sex all the time. He: Calm down. Guys talk like that. Me: Not the men I interact with. Maybe men from that small town you hail from think like that. Metrosexual men from cities don't. Just because I used the 'F word' doesn't make me a whore. You and your friends need to get your head out of the gutter. He: One innocent comment started this tirade. Let's talk about something else. Me: I don't want to. Not after knowing that you are probably judging me every second. I am leaving. I left. We'll eventually go back to being buddies. Most days I would've ignored his comment. I mean, who cares what some random guy thinks about you?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402525", "title": "Aniston - a sugar mommy!", "text": "Jennifer Aniston has loosened her purse strings to shower gifts on her boyfriend Justin Theroux , 40. The actress has reportedly spent over $500,000 on buying expensive presents for him.The 43-year-old has spent $12,000 on a leather jacket once owned by late actor James Dean , $450,000 on Genn Ligon painting and and she also bought him two motorbikes - a $33,000 Ducati and a $24,000 Harley Davidson, reports showbizspy.com.\"Neither Jen ( Jennifer Aniston ) nor Justin seem embarrassed that she is the main breadwinner. She is in a comfortable position so why not spend money on the man she loves,\" said a source.Additionally, Aniston has also spent $1 mn on furniture and artwork for their new home and $750,000 on hiring a feng shui expert to assist her with their $10 mn make over on the property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12404290", "title": "One booked for duping company", "text": "PUNE: The Hadapsar police have booked a former employee of an industrial marketing company for allegedly hacking company's e-mail address and data theft.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by company's director Mahesh Marutrao Rokade (39) with the Hadapsar police station. Rokade's company is based in Hadapsar and is selling 15 products, which are made in Japan.As per the complaint lodged by Rokade, the suspect had joined the company in the year 2004 as a sales engineer. In the year 2011 he was promoted as marketing manager of the company. The company had earlier sent him to Japan for a special training. On July 12, 2011, he returned back and submitted his resignation claiming that he had lost interest in marketing. He however, did not surrender company's properties like identity card and other officials documents.Senior police inspector of the Hadapsar police station Pandharinagar Mandhare said that the complainant later found that the suspect was working for another company. \"He had misused Rokade's company's e-mail address and transferred all the information regarding new products to some fake e-mail addresses,\" Mandhare said, adding that because of this action by the suspect,Rokade's company was not able to launch new products in Indian market and suffered huge losses. \"We are investigating further,\" Mandhare added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12400989", "title": "Two killed in road accident", "text": "INDORE: Two persons died in a road mishap when a speeding truck hit another stationary truck parked on the roadside in Manpur area here on Saturday morning. The deceased were identified as Rajkumar, son of Tirakhe Kumar and Manjeet Singh, son of Sardar Singh. Both hailed from Punjab.Police said that the pipe-laden truck (PB11 AT 7298), heading towards Pune, hit another parked truck (MP 14 HB0773) at around 5.30 am. The collision was so powerful that both the vehicles were completely damaged. While the helper Manjeet Singh died at a local hospital, Rajkumar was referred to MY Hospital, Indore, where he succumbed to injuries later.The driver of the stationary truck had reportedly gone to Indore after parking his vehicle on the roadside. Rajkumar probably slipped into slumber due to which he failed to notice the parked truck. Police reached the spot immediately after the incident and cleared the jam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12398302", "title": "Bihar police hand over wanted auto driver to Haryana cops", "text": "PATNA: A Haryana police team reached here on Saturday in connection with the murder of a bank employee, Om Prakash, at Dharuhera in Rewari district on March 15. The main accused of the case, Rakesh Singh , was arrested by the Alamganj police station on Saturday itself.Alamganj police station incharge SHO R Prasad said that Rakesh was running an autorickshaw in Haryana. He had taken a loan of Rs 4.50 lakh from a bank through its employee Om Prakash and others.When Om Prakash mounted pressure for repayment of the loan, Rakesh strangulated him and escaped to Patna to evade arrest. The Haryana police tracked his cellphone to Patna City and informed the Alamganj police station, which arrested Rakesh from his house at Bari Patan Devi Colony. The arrested person was handed over to the Haryana police, which produced him in a local court for transit remand, the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401805", "title": "Sekhar Kammula\u2019s movie gets delayed", "text": "After his last venture \"Leader\", filmmaker Sekhar Kammula has been completely missing in action. It's been quite a while since the director started talking about his next project, \"Life Is Beautiful\", but the film is yet to see the light of day.If sources are to be believed, this production venture of Kammula is currently facing financial hiccups. And to worsen things, the amount of time the film has been on the floors has the buyers and actors allegedly backing out of the project. Not too long ago, reports confirmed that the movie's NRI leading lady walked out of the film due to some visa issues, only to be replaced by Shriya Saran.Sources close to the director, however, reassure that the film is very much on track and is being completed soon. Let's just wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397583", "title": "CM camp launches counter-attack", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was the turn of Kiran Kumar Reddy loyalists to go on the counter-offensive on Saturday with at least two ministers, a chief whip, a Lok Sabha MP and Chiranjeevi in New Delhi, coming to the defence of the chief minister saying that vested interests were trying to destabilize the state government.Lashing out at senior ministers who are allegedly behind the move to topple the chief minister, minister DK Aruna said that it was these leaders who were responsible for the party's bypoll debacle. She alleged that not only had these Congressmen not campaigned for the party's candidates, they had doubly harmed the party's cause by making statements in favour of rival TRS, leading to confusion among the party cadre.\"How can senior leaders justify the anti-party statements which they made during the bypolls. They even skipped campaigning, all of which had a demoralizing affect on our cadre\" Aruna said.Similarly, ministers S Vijayarama Raju, chief whip G Venkataramana Reddy and MP Sarvey Satyanarayana each spoke separately to the media to give a clean chit to Kiran Kumar Reddy on the issue of the bypoll debacle. \"Those who are talking about fixing accountability for the dismal showing should have themselves resigned after the party's defeat in the Kadapa bypolls,\" said forest minister S Vijayarama Raju in a clear allusion to DL Ravindra Reddy who has announced his resignation as health minister.Meanwhile, in New Delhi, Rajya Sabha-elect K Chiranjeevi praised the Kiran Kumar government during his meeting with Congress chief Sonia Gandhi.The actor-turned-politician had called on Sonia to thank her for the Rajya Sabha nod. Their meeting lasted for about 30 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12399055", "title": "Go Green gang cycles for zero import duty", "text": "BANGALORE: They are the up-market Bangaloreans, who own cars, but prefer to cycle to their workplace in the city's IT hubs. Such is the concern of Go Green members towards nature and love for cycling. On Saturday morning, members gathered at Freedom Park and cycled on prominent roads of the city to make their point heard against the Union government's decision to hike custom duty on imported cycles.Bring down rates\"We use imported cycles because they are comfortable unlike the domestic brands. The illogical hike of customs duty for imported cycle from 10% to 30% must be brought down to zero per cent. Instead of encouraging cyclists, the government hiked the import duty,\" said Go Green Rao, founder of Go Green, a non-profit organization that promotes cycling.\"The price of a basic imported cycle has now gone up to Rs 17,000 from Rs 9,000. Generally, it's so difficult to convince a person to cycle. And now with the price hike, people might never adopt cycling,\" he added.\"I have four cars, but I pedal to office in Bommanahalli from my JP Nagar house. It's not difficult to peddle the imported cycle unlike the Indian ones. The aluminum frame used in imported cycles will not be of the same quality as the local ones. The need of the hour is to encourage public to cycle,\" added Rao.Still a dream?Prasan Naveen, first year BSc student and a hardcore cyclist, is one among the many who is upset with the hike in import duty.\"I recently cycled to Mysore and faced terrible knee pain because of the non-geared cycle that I had used. I was planning to buy an imported cycle but kept postponing, hoping that the price would come down one day. Now, I might have to shell out Rs 22,000 for a descent, geared imported cycle,\" Naveen told STOI.He pedals to his college on Richmond Road from his HAL Airport house daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399340", "title": "Training programme for porters", "text": "LUCKNOW: Manyawar Kanshiram Institute of Tourism Management (MKITM) is organising a four-day training programme for porters, taxi-platform vendors and devices from March 25. The training will help the participants in enhancing their soft and behavioral skills. Nawab Jafar Mir Abdullah will inaugurate the programme and station manager, Charbagh, Amitabh Kumar will preside over the sessions. MKITM is an institute run under the UP tourism department. The programme is being organised under the Capacity Building scheme for service providers which aims to orient the service providers with basic skills of etiquette, behaviour and first-aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12398526", "title": "27-year-old \u2018drunk\u2019 man cuts abdomen", "text": "PANAJI: A 27-year-old man who cut his abdomen with a knife after he got drunk on March 11 in Curchorem, was discharged from the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, on March 22.The incident occurred at about 2am when Wilson Mendes was at a relative's house. \"Eyewitnesses we examined informed us that Mendes had consumed lots of alcohol at night and gone to bed. At about 2am, a relative who was sleeping in the same room as Mendes, saw him cutting his abdomen and raised an alarm,\" the police said.With his injured small and large intestines hanging out of his open and bleeding abdomen, he was taken to GMC. He had multiple cuts on the intestine, with his bowel prolapsing out of the abdomen and he was bleeding severely, the GMC doctors who saved his life, said. The Curchorem police have registered it as a medico-legal case.Mendes, who works in Belgaum, as per medical records has been a chronic alcoholic for the last 10 years and was also undergoing treatment for substance abuse. \"The patient was resuscitated and operated on the same day at GMC. His injured intestines were partly resected, repaired and repositioned in the abdomen. The multiple cuts on the abdominal wall were also repaired. The patient received multiple blood transfusions and was discharged after his condition improved,\" said sources at GMC.The police have recorded the statement of the victim and his family members and ruled out foul play. \"We have registered it as a medico-legal case and an investigation is in progress,\" said Curchorem PI Tushar Lotlikar.The surgeon who operated on Mendes at GMC, Dr Rajesh Patil, said, \"Self-inflicted injuries of this nature are not very common. Reasons for such abnormal behaviour are acute alcohol intoxication, alcohol withdrawal syndromes and pathological depression due to any cause.\"He added, \"In earlier times, a condition called Seppuku (stomach cutting) existed in the form of a Japanese ritual suicide by disembowelment. Seppuku was originally reserved only for the samurai, either as an honor code or as a form of capital punishment. However, this practice is now banned,\" Patil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12399078", "title": "Bangalore woman gave supari to kill beautician", "text": "BANGALORE: Ramamurthy Nagar police arrested Savitha, 37, a homemaker, for allegedly giving supari to 13 assailants who killed her husband's lover, Nirmala, 42, a beautician.Nirmala was murdered in her house in Yerraianapalya on February 27, 2012. The accused had escaped with her 40gm gold chain. During investigation, police found that the deceased had an illicit relationship with Ramesh, Savitha's husband, for the past 15 years. Savitha is said to have warned Nirmala to keep away from her husband, but Nirmala kept up her relationship. A frustrated Savitha gave money and gold ornaments to the other accused, Anil Kumar, to hire contract killers and eliminate Nirmala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12398304", "title": "Hamidul Rahaman joins Trinamool Congress", "text": "KOLKATA: Hamidul Rahaman switched loyalties and joined the Trinamool Congress on Friday.\"Yes I have joined the Trinamool Congress. People in my area know me as a Congressman. But I was denied a Congress ticket in the 2001 Assembly elections and also in the 2011 polls,\" Rahaman said.He added, \"I had asked for a college in my constituency and two bridges. It didn't work out despite the fact that the Congress runs the Uttar Dinajpur Zilla Parishad. My colleague in the assembly and Congress MLA Mohit Sengupta, who is also the district Congress president, didn't sanction any of these projects. I have talked to didi (Mamata). She has assured me development in the area. I hope to see these projects come up before the panchayat elections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12397978", "title": "12 cobras rescued in Bhabha Atomic Research Centre housing colony", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Animal lover R Vijayaraghavan rescued 12 adult cobras in the last two months at Bhabha Atomic Research Centre's (BARC) Anushakti Nagar housing society in Trombay.The highly venomous snakes were safely released in the wild after informing forest officials. The longest cobra caught by Vijayaraghavan around a week ago was over five-and-half feet in length.\"Presence of venomous and semi-venomous snakes inside the BARC is not new, since the colony is very close to thick vegetation. But I am surprised to come across over a dozen cobras in recent times,\" said Vijayaraghavan. He added that a large population of rats in the vicinity is attracting snakes like cobras and russell's vipers in the area. \"There are over 8,000 flats and 17 high rises inside Anushakti Nagar. We advise residents not to allow children to play in tall grasses, the hedges and lawns are regularly trimmed so as to avoid encountering snakes,\" Vijayaraghavan added.On spotting a snake, contact the Thane Wildlife Department on 022-25402522.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12403272", "title": "Aishwarya Dhanush excited about \u201c3\u201d Telugu release", "text": "As the release date of the much-hyped \"3\" draws nearer, Aishwarya Dhanush who turned director with the flick is excited about the release of its Telugu dubbed version.The film that created a buzz with the viral track, \" Why This Kolaveri Di?\", hits screens on March 30. The movie is being released both in Tamil and Telugu simultaneously. When she was in Hyderabad recently to promote the flick, Aishwarya revealed, \"I just found out that 700 prints of the dubbed version are being released here in AP. So, I'm extremely nervous and scared,\" exclaimed the elder daughter of superstar Rajinikanth , with a glint of excitement in her eye.The film stars Aishwarya's husband Dhanush and Kamal Haasan's daughter Shruti Haasan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12401113", "title": "Kin held for raping three-year-old girl", "text": "INDORE: In a shocking incident, a three-year-old girl was allegedly raped by her 25-year-old relative three days ago.The gruesome incident was reported to the city police only on Friday evening. The accused has been arrested and an offence has been registered against him, said police. Police said the accused, identified as Ravi Singh , allegedly raped his niece on the night of March 21 in his house at Pipladia village near here. At the time of the incident, nobody was present at the house, said police quoting the accused.The girl's family members came to know about the incident on Friday only. They lodged a complaint with the Khudail police on Friday night. The victim's parents are the residents of Kampail village.According to police, the girl's mother left her daughter with her relatives at Pipladia village.Next day, the child's father called his relative to know about the well being of his daughter. Ravi assured to drop the girl at their house but he did not turn up and dropped the girl at her maternal aunt's house.When the victim's grandmother noticed the blood stains on her undergarment Ravi reportedly replied that she had fallen from a bicycle. On Friday, the victim's mother noticed that her child was sexually assaulted.Police have booked Ravi under section 376 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12397827", "title": "Greater Cochin Development Authority set to give the city much-needed facelift", "text": "KOCHI: N Venugopal has many big plans for Kochi when he takes over as the new chairman of the Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) on Sunday. A convention centre, an exhibition centre of international standards, new roads to decongest the city, development of stadiums and initiation of a land bank top his priority list.Venugopal said his aim is to set up a world class 2,000 seat convention centre and an exhibition centre in the city.He added that existing auditoriums - with 1,500 seats and inadequate parking lots - have certain limitations while hosting national and international conventions. They lack safety guidelines.\"The exhibition centre will come up at an 8 acre plot adjacent to the Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium. We are yet to decide on the convention centre spot,\" he said.\"For the past 10 years, GCDA was in a deep slumber. After the initial housing development projects, the organization failed to contribute to the demands of a fast growing city. The challenge before me is to prepare infrastructure projects that will match up to international standards,\" Venugopal said.He assured that road infrastructure will also be developed. GCDA is planning two roads - one starting near the high court through Chatiath Road (via Vaduthala and two islands ) connecting Varapuzha. Bund Road connecting Petta and Vyttila will be developed.\"Both the roads will reduce traffic congestion in the city as people would be able to reach locations without entering the city,\" he added. Venugopal further said that GCDA has enough funds.It has around Rs 103 crore, to start projects. But in certain cases, they will approach the government and raise funds via PPP mode or include projects under various schemes like JNNURM. My aim is to complete these projects within the next three years, he added.\"Talks are on with the International Football Federation (IFF) for the development of Ambedkar Stadium in the city. IFF will chip in Rs 10 crore to set up a modern football field,\" he said. GCDA would also set up a land bank to ensure that there is no illegal occupancy on its land.\"We have properties worth crores here. For instance, the 5 acres at Manapattiparambu or an acre near the Seaport-Airport Road. Unfortunately, GCDA does not have a record of most its properties. I will see that all such matters are properly recorded,\" he said.N Venugopal told TOI that he wouldn't resign from his post as Island South councillor of Cochin Corporation. He added that he wouldn't avail himself of any salary or benefits, but would discharge his duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399393", "title": "City gets hi-tech detection machine", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC got new ammunition to tackle drugresistant tuberculosis on the occasion of World TB Day on Saturday. Its health centre at Sion Hospital got a GeneXpert , acknowledged the world over as the fastest and reliable test to detect multi-drug-resistant TB. \"Four samples were tested at 11am on Saturday ,\" said a BMC official.The BMC has also started an ambitious programme of door-to-door checking for TB patients in ten wards that are considered to be hotspots. \"We started off an intensified finding activity along with a training programme for private doctors on TB treatment,'' said joint executive health officer Dr Arun Bamne. Some doctors have signed a memorandum of understanding with the BMC for treatment of TB patients.As per the national TB programme, 18 GeneXpert desktop machines are to be distributed across India. Each machine costs Rs 10 lakh. Considering that Mumbai is among the worst hit TB areas in India, the BMC may get two more machines in the future. \"The BMC may have machines at KEM and another suburban hospital,'' said a Sion Hospital doctor. The GeneXpert can detect multi-drug resistant strains in two hours. If it works for eight hours a day, the BMC can test 3,000 samples a year. \"As it gives results in two hours, we can start treatment early and break the chain of transmission,'' the doctor added.The city's TB control programme got a shot in the arm in January after a study done by Hinduja Hospital showed that 12 patients had totally drug-resistant TB. A Union government team thereafter said the cases were not TDRTB . But the Centre announced a special programme for Mumbai , with a higher budget, new machines and extra staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12396978", "title": "Why this coal-averi di", "text": "India has 1/10th of the world's coal reserves. How can the nation as a whole, and not individuals inside or outside government, benefit from it? If India can auction spectrum, why can't it auction coal, without increasing the price of the end product to its citizens? And what should the auction design process be for private companies whose end product is priced in the free market competitively versus those whose end product is not?The recent 'leaked' incomplete report of the CAG raises one fundamental question on whether India should auction its scarce natural resources or not as also about the decision making process inside government for doing so. In June 2004, the coal ministry, rightly decided to auction coal blocks, but the Cabinet note floated all over, and six valuable years were lost trying to figure out how to do it. June 28, 2004 was the cut-off date decided by the ministry of coal and only applications before that date had to be considered and not those received after. Whereas the bulk of the allocations appear to have happened after this cut-off date and even after the amendment was introduced in Parliament in 2008!Between 2004-2009, 155 precious coal blocks, valued conservatively at about $214 billion were 'allotted' after the in-principle decision to auction was taken, through a not very transparent process and anecdotal stories of huge kickbacks on every allocation is bandied about. Thus even if there is no 'windfall gain', there has certainly been some 'unintended gain\" to some private companies, thanks to not following the auction route. But every 'unintended gain' need not be seen as a loss to the exchequer since the law itself allows public and private entities to be treated differently. And ironically after the amendment happened in 2010, not a single coal block has been auctioned and of the 200 allotted in all, only 30 are functional!Jindal Steel's Tamnar 1 project in Chhattisgarh is just one example where it has made super normal profit of 200% in excess of invested equity, by selling power in the merchant market, ever since it was commissioned and it obtains coal from the Gare Palma mine which was allotted to it, captively allocated, in the late 1990s. Likewise Tata Power, Adani Power, Reliance and several others have all been allotted mines at a price far below market price, but on most of them development has not begun due to lack of environment or other clearances. Today the law does not allow you to do this anymore and rightly so.Consider the economics: Rs 100/tonne royalty + some levies and taxes is what the private sector companies pay for coal versus the prices: Rs 1000/tonne is CIL's (Coal India) lowest grade coal notified price, e-auction price is Rs 2800/tonne and imported coal is at Rs 3000-4000/tonne. The cost of coal production is Rs 400-500/tonne for private miners and about Rs 700/tonne for PSUs. The windfall gain made by private developers by artificially keeping their coal input costs low, is not passed on to the customers by them in power, steel and cement.The caveat, of course, is that the cost of production and attendant investments that are made downstream and the price effect of all the blocks not coming into production at the same time, need to be factored in while calculating gain or loss. In fact, the CAG report should benchmark the 'unintended gain' to the average of imported coal price and the median price of CIL, less the cost of production, for that is what power producers would have had to turn to, if they did not get coal block allocations and not CIL's lowest price, as they have done.As per Section 3.3 (A) (I) of the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973, public utilities are exempt from the competitive bid process to buy coal, where their end-use products' tariff has been set through a bid process. This is to ensure that the cost of power does not go up for the citizen, since the pricing mechanism of most public entities is cost-plus and fuel is a pass through to the citizen.Take Reliance's Sasan in MP where even though the end power tariff was competitively set, however the usage of excess coal from these blocks for other projects within the company's portfolio that maybe selling power at tariffs higher than that of the original project could come under scrutiny, for this allocation is believed to have been obtained fraudulently. Decisions taken on these blocks would also have a bearing on the mines attached with the Tilaiya UMPP in Jharkhand.The thought that refuses to escape one's consciousness is what if the coal blocks allotted by CIL were priced at market prices, and if CIL was free to price coal at market prices, what would the 'unintended gain or loss\" be? The sky-nay, the GDP-- is the limit!The author is an IAS officer. The views expressed here are personal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12398282", "title": "Lalgarh stations to get CCTV cameras", "text": "KOLKATA: The security arrangements at a number of stations in the Kharagpur-Tatanagar and Kharagpur-Adra sections of South Eastern Railway (SER) are being upgraded. CCTV cameras and other security equipment will be installed at six stations in the Maoist-affected district of West Midnapore by the end of April, an official said. Certain measures are also being taken to provide security to trains passing through the area at night, SER general manager A K Verma said during a high-level meeting on security in Kolkata on Friday.\"We have already completed the tendering process and selected the vendors. The equipment will be installed and become operational by the end of April,\" an official said. The CCTV cameras and other equipment are being installed in accordance with a consolidated plan of action that was drawn up by the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) and SER.West Bengal , Jharkhand and Orissa have now come together to work in tandem on the issue. \"It is thanks to the support from the state governments that SER could start night-running in these two sections. We have taken necessary steps as per the consolidated plan of action. These include restricting the speed of trains to 75 km per hour in sensitive areas, opening of emergency control rooms, getting Railway Protection Force (RPF) teams to escort trains at night and sending advance trains or pilot engines ahead of passenger-carrying trains in the Jangalmahal area,\" Verma said.While Dilip Mitra, director general, railways, West Bengal, spoke about proper implementation of the Disaster Management Plan, ADG A K Sarkar said that the GRP and RPF need to make their presence felt even more in the sensitive areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12403957", "title": "BSF being deployed in Punjab before Rajoana's hanging", "text": "JALANDHAR: In the wake of charged atmosphere in Punjab as hanging of Balwant Singh Rajoana, a convict in late CM Beant Singh murder case, is scheduled for March 31 state government has requisitioned BSF for extra vigil.A flag march was taken out by the police in the afternoon in Jalandhar. Commissioner of Police Gaurav Yadav said that three companies of BSF would be reaching Jalandhar in the evening. BSF would be used for operations as well as for law and order situation as apart from their deploying on police nakas the BSF personnel would also be used for search.Yadav said that police patrolling had also been increased in the city. Meanwhile police sources said that BSF would be reaching in different parts of the state, especially the bigger cities, by Sunday evening. Even as Superintendent of Patiala jail has already written to the sessions court of Chandigarh that Rajoana could not be hanged due to technical legal issues, the state government is not taking any chances with law and order situation. Opposition to hanging is mounting and a bandh call for March 28 has already been given to protest against the decision to hang him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399279", "title": "\u2018Provide better sports facilities\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cricketer Suresh Raina met SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav at the party office on Saturday and demanded better sports facilities for the sportspersons in the state. Raina has studied in Sports College in Lucknow and used to practise at Gomtinagar Stadium which was later bulldozed by the Mayawati government to incorporate it into the Ambedkar Memorial.Raina demanded a bigger stadium in Lucknow. Speaking to journalists after the meeting, Raina said he expects that under Akhilesh's leadership, the sports fraternity will grow. \"Akhilesh himself has been a sportsman. He has assured me of doing all that is possible to ensure that local sportspersons get the best opportunities to grow and represent the state at the national level,\" Raina said. He also congratulated Akhilesh for the sweeping mandate the SP got in the recent state assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12400894", "title": "Chemists to give medicine to TB patients", "text": "BHOPAL: Chemists will now become DOTS providers, administering drug to the TB patients. A memorandum of understanding (MoU) to this effect was signed between the MP Chemists' Association and the MP Tuberculosis Society in the city on Saturday.The MoU was signed in the presence of National Rural Health Mission director Dr Manohar Agnani, director Health Dr AN Mittal, CMHO Dr Pankaj Shukla and district TB officer Dr Manoj Verma.\"Of 22,000 chemists in the state, we wish to involve 20 chemists in every district of the state to begin with,\" said Rajiv Singhal, secretary, MP Chemists' Association. \"In the long run, we expect some 2,000 chemists' involvement in the programme from the state,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12397601", "title": "India &amp; Maharashtra growing, even in sq km", "text": "MUMBAI: In geography texts, the familiar shape of India has remained constant since 1947. But with new land mass constantly being added through reclamation or subtracted on account of soil erosion, its topography has certainly been altered even if not charted.RTI activist Manoranjan Roy, who sought information on the land-area censuses from the Survey of India (SoI), found that between 1991 and 2001, India's total area changed from 32,87,263 square kilometres to 32,87,252 sq km. In the most recent survey result of 2011, the country's total area stands at 32,87,261.713 sq km.According to the last four national land-area censuses, the size of several states has changed. Maharashtra has been the largest gainer-aggressive reclaiming exercises by its government have contributed to an increase in the state's mass by 23 square kilometres, which is about four times the size of Juhu or all of Andheri West. On the other hand, with the washing away of the coastline, Andhra Pradesh has lost just as much land as Maharashtra gained.In all, 13 states and Union territories have recorded a change in size as a result of several factors, barring the splitting up of large states or drawing of new geo-political boundaries. Surveyor-General of India Swarna Subba Rao attributes the change in size to the fact that the areas of coastal states change due to coastal erosion and reclamation. \"The reclamation of land is not so huge that it can run into tens of sq km,\" he says. \"But erosion is serious, especially in Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and the West Coast, though we don't have exact figures.\" The 2011 census has now corrected the tiny aberrations that were noticed during the previous surveys.Sometimes, however, a slight change in the area of a landlocked state like Delhi is due to neither erosion nor reclamation but a calculation earlier gone wrong. \"The land mass reported by state governments is often different from that charted by agencies like SoI,\" says Subba Rao. \"Sometimes this can happen on account of the method of calculation. Earlier, areas on a map were calculated by the graph method and by employing a planimeter, a mechanical device that had some inherent limitations. Now, all our maps have been digitised. We compute areas using software which is very accurate. SoI maps are accurate and authentic, and the area reported by SoI stands.\"Architect and planner P K Das, who has mapped the city of Mumbai, says there is a difference in the area of Mumbai as calculated by him and by the city's civic body. \"Wetlands, edges of creeks, mangroves and river beds are often mapped vaguely,\" he says. \"Illegal land filling has also contributed to the increase in area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12399589", "title": "'Aranmula Kannadi' attracts buyers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The SMSM Institute and Handicrafts Emporium are holding a one month exhibition of the exotic 'Aranmula Kannadi' here. The exhibition is part of the Institute's attempt to promote different groups of artisans in the city.The most sought-after mirror on sale is an icon of peace and prosperity and has been drawing a good number of buyers at the exhibition. \"In just two weeks we have sold around 80 pieces,\" said K J George, the manager of the Institute. \"The mirror has become a popular gift item among the people,\" he added.The mirror, made of metal alloys (unlike other mirrors that use glass), is manufactured by a family in the village of Aranmula since the 18th century. It is also one of the eight objects in the 'Ashtamangalyam' a combination of eight auspicious objects used on different occasions like religious rituals and wedding.The exhibition has on sale different varieties of the mirror like 'shangu'(conch), 'sooryan' (sun), thamara ( lotus ) and the 'vaalkannadi'. The smallest is the 'shangu' model. It is the most popular as it is the least expensive. The price varies from Rs 2,000 to Rs 65,000.The organizers are also giving a discount of 10% to attract more buyers.\"I heard about the exhibition and decided to step in to check it out,\" said Hari, a teacher from Kozhikode who was in the city to participate in a protest staged near the Secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12398098", "title": "Maharashtra finance minister faces bleak economic outlook", "text": "MUMBAI: When deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar presents the budget for the coming financial year on Monday, he will have no option but to initiate stringent measures owing to poor resource mobilization, mounting debt burden and a slowdown in the economy.\"In Maharashtra, the economy's lead indicator is the transaction in real estate. It's a shocking situation, against a target of Rs 16,000 crore from stamp duty and registration, we were unable to mobilize over Rs 12,000 crore,\" a senior bureaucrat told TOI.Barring stamp duty and registration, the cash-starved government was barely able to achieve the target for sales tax, professional tax, excise duty, vehicle tax, passenger tax and electricity duty. \"Due to the recession, when the budget for 2011-12 was presented, the targets were less compared to the previous years, we were able to achieve the targets,\" he said. The bureaucrat said the state has been witnessing a steady deterioration on the financial front since 1991, when the total outstanding liabilities stood at Rs 12,878 crore, while at the end of March, 2011, it will cross Rs 2.36 lakh crore.\"Currently, we have achieved a dubious distinction of topping the list of debt-ridden states. Maharashtra is followed by Uttar Pradesh with a total debt burden of Rs 1.36 lakh crore. Our condition is so bad that we are paying Rs 20,000 crore towards interest on loans,\" he said.A senior NCP minister said the then finance minister Jayant Patil had presented a white paper on state's economy when the Democratic Front (DF) government took over in 1999. \"Patil had promised to initiate stern measures to wipe out the debt burden and close down loss-making state enterprises. However, it appears that in more than a decade, the DF combine has failed to take a single policy decision to tackle the economic crisis,\" he said.While there was a steady increase in the debt burden, it was found that most of the departments were unable to utilize the funds at their disposal. As per records, at the end of March 31, well over 50% of the non-planned allocation of funds will remain unutilized due to lack of planning. It was found that the housing department, led by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, spent only 18% of the allocated funds. The correspondent figures for food &amp; civil supplies, water resources, public works, urban development and industries were 7.86 %, 10.35 %, 13.69 %, 28.59 % and 34.39 %.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "12399548", "title": "Titlagarh MLA ostracizes tribal leader", "text": "BALANGIR: The caste dispute regarding the wife of Titlagarh legislator Surendra Singhbhoi has taken a new turn with Brajakishor Singhbhoi, president of Zilla Adivasi Kalyan Mahasangha (ZAKM) being socially ostracized by the legislator on Friday at Saintala in Balangir district.At a meeting, the legislator asked the tribal community to deprive Brajakishor of all social access, including debarring him from entering the Chandi temple. \"I have asked the community people not to involve Brajakishor in any kind of socialization. I also asked the priest of the Chandi temple not to allow him to enter the temple,\" Surendra told TOI. He said Brajakishor is the president of 62 Kondhs and he had no right to challenge the caste of his wife, who has a valid ST certificate.Earlier, ZAKM members had demanded arrest of the Titlagarh legislator, alleging he had broken the law and had taken out a procession for the victory of his wife Monika Singhbhoi, who is alleged to have won the Samiti member seat in the three tier panchayat election in the ST category although she is an OBC.ZAKM president Brajakishor lodged an FIR against 12 persons, including Surendra in Saintala police station after the latter's supporters took out a procession when prohibitory order was clamped here. Brajakishor had also opposed the candidature of Monika saying she is not an ST but an OBC. He said Monika was married earlier and her real name is Brajeswari Dora. \"Her caste is OBC as she is Dora. After her first marriage broke down she married Singhbhoi and then became Monika Singhbhoi. We have all the documents to prove that she is not an ST,\" Brajakishor said.After being ostracized, Brajakishor has written to Madan Mohan Singhbhoi, president of Utkal Kondh Samaj, which comprises nine praganas (nine types of tribes). \"The MLA has no right to ostracized me and I have already written to the head of nine praganas. There will be a meting regarding this in Titilagarh on Sunday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12399552", "title": "DOTS Plus service in all districts by July", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: DOTS Plus service for treatment of multi-drug resistance (MDR) tuberculosis (TB) will be available in all the districts by July, health minister Prasanna Acharaya said at a TB Day function here on Saturday. At present, the service is available in 15 districts. The government would expand it to seven other districts by March before covering the rest eight by July, he said.Government sources said the annual risk of TB infection in the state is estimated to be 1.7, which translates into an estimated 230 TB cases per one lakh population a year. Of this, new sputum positive (NSP) cases are around 85 per lakh per year. The minimum target set by Central TB Division is to detect and treat at least 70% of these cases.Odisha is consistently achieving treatment success rates above the minimum prescribed norms. The treatment success rate was 88% as against the minimum norm of 85%. However, the case detection rates still remain a matter of concern. In some coastal districts, the case detection rate remain below the expected norm of 70%. In 2011, the annualized new sputum positive case detection rate of Odisha was 62%.Since inception of revised national TB control programme (RNTCP) till December 2011, a total of 4.62 lakh TB cases were detected and treated in the state. Annually, over 50,000 people were being detected with TB.Meanwhile, tuberculosis is proving to be a major killer disease in Ganjam district. On an average, around 200 people die of the disease in the district every year despite the Revised Tuberculosis Control Programme being implemented with an aim to control the disease through the Directly Observed Treatment Short course Strategy since February 16, 2004, sources said. Besides, DOTS Plus programme has been implanted in the district since April 1, 2009, with financial assistance from Global Funding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397616", "title": "50 seats give Congress leadership headache", "text": "NEW DELHI: The tussle over choice of candidates for the municipal elections continued between Congress MPs and MLAs on about 50 seats on Saturday. To break the impasse and to prevent dissidence, Congress president Sonia Gandhi sent veteran Congressman and party treasurer Motilal Vora to preside over the AICC-appointed Congress apex committee to settle the differences. While the party is treading carefully, an official announcement of its list may be deferred till Sunday evening to prevent dissidents from crossing over to rival parties like BSP and NCP. Most sitting Congress councillors who are unaffected by reservations are likely to be renominated. Some are learnt to have got down to preparing their nomination papers and are gearing up for campaigns in the wards they are expected to contest from.Like Friday, Saturday continued to be hectic as heavyweights in the Congress continued to hold on to their choice of candidates leading to lack of consensus on many seats. Union women and child development minister and northwest Delhi MP Krishna Tirath's constituency remained the most contentious with differences on choice of candidates visible in most of the wards here. Earlier this week, members of the election panel chaired by Tirath had registered their protest with the party leadership over the alleged bias shown by her in choosing candidates. The party has received around 6000 applications, many from women. AICC decided to decentralize the selection process by constituting seven election committees for the seven parliamentary constituencies led by the respective MPs and having all party MLAs and an AICC observer on board. The lists prepared by these committees have in fact brought the differences in the open and led to a tussle between MPs and MLAs, as each is lobbying hard to protect ones turf leaving the Apex Committee constituted to prepare a final view on these lists stranded on many seats. Each parliamentary constituency has 10 assembly constituencies, each having four wards. It is learnt that party bigwigs worked hard to build a consensus on three assembly constituencies in MP Mahabal Mishra's west Delhi. Except for one or two seats, there was a consensus in the remaining five parliamentary constituencies, including MP Sandeep Dikshit's East, DPCC chief JP Aggarwal's Northeast, Union sports minister Ajay Maken's New Delhi, HRD minister Kapil Sibal's Chandni Chowk and Ramesh Kumar's South. In all the party grappled with taking a decision on around 50 odd seats by the end of the day with meetings stretching late into the night for the third consecutive day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12399421", "title": "Hooch tragedy: One more dies", "text": "VADODARA: The hooch tragedy at Panej village of Sankheda taluka claimed yet another victim late on Friday. The latest victim was 50-year-old Chhota Nana Tadvi residing at Kothiya village located near Panej.Tadvi is the fifth victim of the liquor tragedy that had claimed four lives earlier, including a woman. Two persons had died on the day of the tragedy itself on March 13, while two others died in the city during treatment.Preliminary investigations have revealed that the liquor consumed by villagers was spiked with pesticide propoxur carbamate. Rivalry between two hooch bootleggers, who used to work together earlier, is said to be the reason for the incident.It is suspected that Dilipsinh Parmar got the liquor brewed by rival Rama Tadvi laced with the pesticide. The reason is the fact that after they fell out Parmar started his own business, but it did not do well even as Tadvi's business was flourishing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12398934", "title": "Caste relations on a low as students spar over identities", "text": "MADURAI: Southern Tamil Nadu is witnessing a disturbing trend of adolescent boys resorting to caste-centered violence. In the past 20 days alone, three incidents have occurred where dalit boys were attacked by non-dalit boys. In two incidents, the non-dalit boys attacked the dalit boys with sickles, leaving them with severe bleeding injuries. Five non-dalit boys have been arrested and sent to juvenile homes in the two incidents in Madurai and Tirunelveli.On March 5, class 12 students of a government higher secondary school at M Kallupatti near Usilampatti in Madurai clashed among themselves. Their friends from outside the school also joined the clash, leaving four injured. Attempts by teachers to intervene failed and when police rushed there, the students pelted stones on the police and fled the spot. The police detained six students.On March 18, Gopinath, 17, a dalit boy and son of a conservancy worker in Madurai city corporation from Boothakudi village near Kulamangalam was sitting in the village yard when three youth including a 17-year-old school boy picked up a quarrel with him for allegedly sitting in the place where dalits were prohibited. The 17-year-old boy then attacked Gopinath with a sickle leaving him with a deep cut near his left ear. All the three were arrested. Only two days prior to the incident, Gopinath was warned by the non-dalit youth not to sit in public places.Similarly, on March 20, Vijay, Ramesh, Vignesh and Kalathian, all 17-year-old dalits from Naduvakurichi village, were travelling in a bus when a 15 member gang of non-dalit students assaulted them. Police said the boys were allegedly assaulted because they played songs praising Ambedkar a few days back in a hotel that led to a quarrel. Two non-dalit boys were arrested in connection with the case and sent to a juvenile home.\"Incidents of adolescent boys restoring to caste-based violence is on the rise in districts like Madurai, Tirunelveli, Ramanathapuram, Virudhunagar, Theni and Sivaganga districts. But use of weapons like sickles in the attacks boys is very disturbing. They get emboldened when elders in their village who perpetrate such attacks go scot free. Besides initiating legal action against the boys in conflict with law, methodical counseling and awareness should be given to students in schools,'' said A Kathir, executive director of Evidence, an NGO.A police official said there have been at least 10 incidents in the last three years in Madurai and Theni districts in which minors were named in FIRs for their involvement in caste-related violence. Incidents involving minors have been reported earlier as well but in the past village elders would mediate and these cases would not reach the police, he said. That seems to be changing now.Samuel Asir Raja, professor of Sociology, M S University, say that violence among adolescent boys is not new, but now it is acquiring a new dimension. \"These boys are moulded by caste identities and they are never allowed to think beyond those,\" he says. Raja adds that violence among the youth is on the rise and the incidents mirror the caste relations in the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12400097", "title": "Our nuclear assets are well guarded: Pakistan", "text": "SEOUL: Pakistan on Sunday sought to allay apprehensions over the security of its nuclear assets saying they had the \"best facilities\" which were \"well guarded\".\"There should not be any fear of any type. All our (nuclear) installations are well guarded,\" Pakistan ambassador to South Korea Shaukat Mukkadam told reporters here.He said Pakistan has the best facilities and the best command and control systems.\"There should be no fear absolutely. Everything has been revisited after the Fukushima incident,\" the envoy said apparently referring to safety and security of nuclear facilities in Pakistan.He said the nuclear power was essential for Pakistan as it has limited fossil fuel option and is also facing power shortage.\"We hope nuclear energy will help in this regard,\" Mukkadam said.Yesterday, India had voiced concerns over Pakistan's nuclear programme saying it has \"very little confidence\" on the capabilities of its western neighbour on securing its atomic assets.The possibility of \"insider threat\" was the prime concern among the Indian establishment and building capacities would be the key element in India's pitch at the Nuclear Security Summit which begins here on tomorrow.India has cautioned that the fissile material could get into the hands of terrorists, who could use it to make dirty bombs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12398765", "title": "2 fraudsters held, stolen goods worth 4.13 lakh recovered", "text": "SURAT: The crime branch sleuths nabbed two fraudsters, who had stolen electronic equipment from almost all major cities of south Gujarat. Stolen goods worth Rs 4.13 lakh have been recovered from the accused.Following a tip-off, a watch was kept at Bapa Sitaram Chowk in Katargam area of the city on Friday. Suspects Pradip Thakkar, a software engineer, and friend Rahul Kawa were spotted carrying two laptops. When questioned about them the accused could not give any satisfactory answer.Laptops, LCD TV, DVD and home theatre systems worth Rs 4.13 lakh which were stolen from different places in south Gujarat were recovered from them. Police interrogation revealed that the duo had cheated electronics dealers in Vapi, Valsad, Navsari, Surat and Bharuch.They also confessed to stealing a rented bike from Mount Abu a few months ago. The accused first targeted an electronics showroom there by approaching as customers. The duo promised payment on delivery of the item at home. When the dealer's man accompanied them to deliver the equipment, the duo escaped with it.They used the same technique in south Gujarat too and succeeded. The duo announced starting of a data entry service company and called candidates with laptops. They cheated candidates of 10 laptops by claiming to install a software in them. They never returned the laptops.Police believe their arrest will help solve many unsolved cases in the region. Accused Thakkar informed police that he started cheating to earn quick bucks for his father's treatment who is a cancer patient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12397985", "title": "Government announces Rs 200cr relief for farmers", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ashok Gehlot government on Saturday announced Rs 200 crore package for frost-hit farmers, who had suffered heavy losses due to 50% or more crop damage.The eligible farmers will be provided a compensation of Rs 3,000 to Rs 8,000 per hectare.Under the package, power bills for four months will be waived. The government will also pay a premium of Rs 128 crore for crop insurance for the farmers.The decision was taken at a high-level meeting of the State Disaster Management Authority presided by CM Ashok Gehlot and attended by senior officials including chief secretary C K Mathew.The relief package comes after the district authorities conducted a crops survey across the state. It gave a clear picture of the losses incurred by the farmers in several districts.Following the reports, the clamour for a relief package came from not just farmers but also the Opposition, and the ruling party's own MLAs.During the on-going budget session at the state assembly, the BJP and CPM legislators had repeatedly demanded that a special package be announced for farmers whose crops were damaged due to cold wave and ground frost. According to reports, crops in nearly 20 districts suffered extensive damage due to cold wave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12398915", "title": "Police in a fix, no clue on killer driver", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The investigation in the hit-and-run case which claimed the life of Dinesh Sharma, 38, an employee of Hotel Mountview, on the night of March 22, has put Chandigarh police in a fix as the only clue they have is a part of the registration number of the accused driver's car.Eye witnesses of the accident could only note down a part of the involved Hyundai Verna's number (CH-03Z).Station house officer of Sector 36 police station Sukhbir Rana, said, \"It is not confirmed if the incomplete registration number is correct. We will have to investigate the record of all vehicles in the 03Z series obtained from registration and licensing authority (RLA).\"A case of death due to negligent driving against an unidentified person has been registered at Sector 36 police station.Sharma was returning home from the hotel when a speeding Verna hit his two-wheeler near the light point of sectors 36 and 37.This is not the first case when cops from PS-36 have failed to ascertain the identity of the driver in a hit-and-run case. In December, 2011, a 35-year-old rickshaw puller Goben was killed near the Sector 34 as two reckless car drivers were racing with each other. The police had failed to nail the accused in that case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12401528", "title": "Bru rebels abduct ex-bank employee", "text": "SILCHAR: Suspected Bru (Reang) militants have abducted a retired bank employee from Gambhira colony village in Dullavcherra block in Karimganj district, 100 km from here.A senior police officer on Saturday said a group of about 20 armed militants in camouflage attire barged into the house of Manaranjan Das (65), a retired employee of Apex Bank, Guwahati, at about 10 pm and whisked him away at gunpoint.Circle inspector of police (Ramkrishnanagar) Kanti Bhushan Dev said it's suspected that the abduction is the handiwork of United Democratic Liberation Army (Udla), a Bru militant outfit, active in Hailakandi and Karimganj districts of Assam. He added that soon after getting reports about the incident, police and CRPF from Nivia outpost rushed there and started an operation in the terrains of Patharia hills near Hailakandi and Mizoram border. The operation is being headed by additional superintendent of police (Karimganj) K K Gupta. However, theirs is no news of Das, he added.Dev said the militants might have taken the victim away to the remote Katlicherra area in southern Hailakandi. The kidnappers are yet to demand any ransom for releasing the senior citizen, a source said. The incident has triggered a fresh sense of terror in the area where Udla and some other militant outfits are active for over the last one decade and are carrying out extortions and kidnappings.Circle inspector of Ramkrishnanagar Kanti Bhushan Dev said it's suspected that the abduction is the handiwork of United Democratic Liberation Army, a Bru militant outfit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12401668", "title": "Rio govt has failed on all fronts: Congress", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland Pradesh Congress Committee (NPCC) president and Congress MLA S I Jamir on Thursday said that various anti-social elements are collecting money and ransom from the state's business communities in the name of Nagaland for Christ. Participating in the budget discussion in the assembly, the NPCC president also lashed out at the state government for ruining Brand Nagaland after changing its slogan from 'Nagaland of festivals' to 'Land of Merrymaking', in order to cover up the misdoing of the government.The NPCC president also urged the government to formulate a prospective plan for sustainable economic growth. Saying that tractors supplied by DAN government for the people have landed up in Assam, Jamir regretted that government policies are not helping the common people of the state and NPF members are looking after their personal interests. He also said that policies on youths have not been properly implemented.Jamir also said that safety and security of the people is absent in the state, particularly in areas like Dimapur, which was once considered the commercial hub of the state. He said extortion is rampant in the city and it has hampered businesses, with many traders leaving Dimapur for other areas. Jamir also said that all types of illegal arms are readily available in the city.Accusing the central government of bias, Jamir said while Nagaland - the first state to gain statehood after Assam - has been lagging behind, negihbouring states have flourished due to generous funding from the Centre.Congress MLA C Apok Jamir said there were several irregularities taking place under NRHM in the medical department despite the state getting a large amount of funds from the Centre. He went on to say that the NMA submitted memorandum to the Governor to address their grievances on corruption in the medical department and urged the minister concerned to look into the matter. He also urged the government, particularly of veterinary and animal husbandry, forest, agriculture and horticulture, to focus on their core areas and prevent loss of revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12397737", "title": "Budget utilization: Empower Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon to spend funds", "text": "The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has been able to utilize just 37% of its budget in the last three years, largely because it has not been empowered by the state.Although the civic body was notified in June 2008, it remained incomplete as an urban local body till the elections were held in May 2011. This three-year delay was in violation of the Municipal Corporation Act that mandates that elections must be held within six months of the notification.In the 12th Schedule of the 74th Constitutional Amendment Act (CAA) for urban governance, 18 functions have been recommended for municipal corporations. The objective behind the 1993 constitutional amendment was to raise the status of municipal bodies from that of \"maintenance agencies\" to empowered urban local bodies.In addition, the second Administrative Reforms Commission (ARC) set up in August 2005 to suggest \"measures to achieve a proactive, responsive, accountable, sustainable and efficient administration\" recommends five additional functions for municipalities in its sixth report of 2007.With these 23 functions, municipalities can work as fully-empowered local authorities. However, despite these high-level recommendations, state governments have been slow in empowering municipalities. Haryana's attitude towards Gurgaon is not any exception in this case.The remarks of union corporate affairs minister M Veerappa Moily, then chairman of the ARC, highlighted the apathy of state governments in implementing these recommendations:\"Even after the passing of the 73rd and 74th Constitutional Amendments, the transfer of funds, functions and functionaries has been nominal in most States...A process of centralisation of even basic municipal functions such as water supply and sanitation into the hands of parastatals such as water boards and authorities has led to a massive decline in the role and status of local bodies [which must be reversed]. Such reversal faces inevitable hurdles from the established institutional structures at the state government and district levels.\"In Gurgaon, this parastatal is Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA). Once the institution of MCG was created, entire city's administration - including funds, functions and functionaries - should have been transferred to it. But surprisingly, even basic functions like sanitation are being managed by HUDA in a large part of the city. In this case, the MCG is not even empowered to justify its traditional function of a maintenance agency. Besides, many residential sectors are still being run by HUDA and the private colonies by the developers. The process of collection of property tax is full of riddles.That's not it. The MCG is not even empowered to decide on budget utilization for large development projects. It needs approvals from Chandigarh for almost every project. This delays the implementation processes and defies the very purpose of having a local governing body. Councillors are unable to give any assurance to their voters on the reasons for delay in execution of projects.In such a scenario, to expect the MCG to function efficiently is unreasonable. It is unfortunate that the MCG does not have adequate capacity and resources to manage its basic functions. The four-year-old body's capacity in terms of technology, human resource and institutional structures is very limited.The solution lies in simply doing away with multiplicity of authorities. HUDA and the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC) should transfer the areas in their jurisdiction to the MCG.More importantly, the municipality needs to be empowered. To begin with, all 18 functions under Part IX-A as mandated by the 74th CAA and the additional five functions listed in 2nd ARC must be notified under Section 42 of the Haryana Municipal Corporation Act 1994. This must come forward in backing this with operational procedures.The citizens should also come forward and actively participate in the city's development. That includes demanding for a powerful MCG for which they voted last year. Only then we can question MCG on budget allocation and spending.(This is a comment by Bhawani Shankar Tripathy)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12397760", "title": "Seminar on cybercrimes", "text": "KOCHI: Legal specialists and IT experts must join hands to control cybercrimes, said additional advocate general P C Iype. He was inaugurating a seminar on 'Cyber Security and Counterfeit Currency' organized by the youth forum of Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) in Kochi on Saturday.\"Cybercrimes are spreading wide and fast. As we rely heavily on the internet, suitable steps should be taken to ensure security,\" said Iype.\"Hackers can not only breach into our e-mails and network, but are also capable of destroying the privacy of families. It is parents' duty to guide their children and monitor them as they can easily fall prey to these crimes,\" said Francis Perera, sub-inspector in charge of the cyber cell of Kochi police. P A Zachira and K Sree Kumar, managers with the Reserve Bank of India gave a presentation on the ways to identify counterfeit currency. K Latha, senior lawyer with the Kerala high court also spoke at the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401433", "title": "Kollywood's 3D Effect", "text": "Looks like the Tamil film industry is bitten by the 3D bug.Joining the long list of films made in 3D is Ace Raja Rani Jacki Mattrum Joker. The film, starring Shaam, Raju Sundaram, Vaibhav and Tollywood actor Allari Naresh in the lead, is being directed by Anil Sunkara (who produced the Telugu film Dookudu).A source reveals, \"The film will be made simultaneously in Tamil and Telugu using stereoscopic 3D format. It will be an out-and-out romantic comedy, and also stars Sneha Ullal, Kamna Jethmalani and Neelam. Music will be composed by Bollywood composers Bappi Lahari and Bappa Lahari.\" The film will be shot in Chennai, Hyderabad, Goa and Bangkok .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12398267", "title": "Dip in footfall at book fair this year", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Book Fair at Gandhi Maidan witnessed the footfall of over eight lakh people till date. \"Around 70,000 people visit the book fair daily. The number rises to one lakh on weekends,\" Amit Jha, the convener of the book fair, told TOI.According to organizers, less number of people visited the book fair this year. The event is usually organized in November-December. However, this year, it was organized early to coincide with the Bihar Diwas celebrations. \"As students are busy in examinations, the number of book lovers at the fair is poor. The overall sale is also poor,\" said S B Sharma, a management official with Kitabghar Prakashan.The colourful Bihar Diwas bash has come as a saviour of sorts for the publishers taking part in the fair. \"Visitors to Bihar Diwas celebrations also pay a visit to the book fair. In fact, response to the fair has improved after Bihar Diwas celebration started on March 22,\" said Mukesh Kumar, media in-charge of Rajkamal Prakashan.Despite the relatively modest response, most publishers are happy.\"Quite a few popular motivational, spiritual and biographical books are in high demand. 'Wings of Fire' of APJ Abdul Kalam , 'My Experiments with Truth' of Mahatma Gandhi , and a Hindi book, 'Champaran mein Gandhi', are selling well,\" said Rakesh Sharma, coordinator (Bihar-Jharkhand), Prabhat Prakashan.Mukesh Kumar told TOI: \"We are witnessing sales of Rs 60,000 to Rs 80,000 daily. Last year,we would witness sale of books worth Rs 1 lakh daily.\" A book on the struggle of Super 30 and its founder Anand Kumar, 'Super 30 aur Anand Kumar ki Sangharshgatha', was released by Patna MP Shatrughan Sinha here on Saturday. A book on Indian women written by Delhi-based writer Vartika Nanda will be released on Sunday. Some cultural programmes like street corner plays, a discussion on the significance of regional languages and literature, an award ceremony to encourage talents in journalism, arts and culture, and literature were also organized on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12397656", "title": "Gangaur procession in Jaipur today", "text": "JAIPUR: Gangaur procession with all its regal pomp and pageantry, will start on Sunday at 5.30 pm from the Tripolia Gate (City Palace), pass through Tripolia Bazaar and Choti Chaupad, Gangauri Bazaar and wind up at the Talkatora. The procession will also leave on Monday at the same time. Gangaur procession has retained its traditional charm.Organized by the tourism department, arrangements have been made for the tourists to photograph the procession from the terrace of Hind Hotel opposite Tripolia Gate.he traffic police have imposed several restrictions in the Walled City area. Plying of vehicles on the roads leading to the procession will be banned. These restrictions will be between 4.30 pm and 5.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12393263", "title": "Jacqueline wants to play safe, choosy", "text": "Sri Lankan beauty Jacqueline Fernandez is just three films old in Bollywood, but she is already being choosy about her projects.And rightly so! She says she has set long-term plans for herself.\"If you have long-term plans set for yourself, I think it's really important not to rush into things and to know exactly what kind of a graph you want for yourself and your career, especially with the kind of roles that you choose,\" the 26-year-old said here.\"After 'Murder 2', I feel, unfortunately most of the actors get stereotyped,\" added the actress, who started her Bollywood career with \"Aladin\" in 2009.For now, she is looking forward to the release of \" Housefull 2\".Jacqueline, who plays Bobby, one of the four brides, in the Sajid Khan comedy film, says in real life wedding bells are far from ringing for her.\"I have pretty much just started with my career and things have just about started working for me and I have signed a couple of projects.\"When I think it's the time (to get married), I will definitely be able to talk about it. I don't think there is anything to hide about it, but it's not really on the horizon,\" said Jacqueline.Besides \"Housefull 2\", Jacqueline is also working in \" Race 2 \", a sequel of the 2008-hit \"Race\", and \"Total Dhamaal\". \"Housefull 2\" hits the big screen April 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12398744", "title": "House burgled in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Thieves made away with gold jewellery and other valuables worth Rs 2.22 lakh from a house in Hosa Gabbur in Hubli on Friday night.Bendigeri police said that the incident took place when Siddappa Kollapur, the house owner was sleeping along with his family members outside the house. Burglars gained entry into the house through the roof and escaped with jewellery and other valuables.A case has been registered with the Bendigeri police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12404755", "title": "Ee Rojullo to release in 50 more screens", "text": "Debutante director Maruthi Dasari has become the toast of Tollywood with his maiden flick Ee Rojullo, releasing to great openings across the state.The director is over the moon. \"We were confident that we had a great product on hand but we weren't expecting this kind of a response. My phone hasn't stopped ringing for the last three days, congratulatory calls have been pouring in. Everybody in the team worked very hard on the film, so it feels incredible to see all the hard work bearing fruit,\" says Mauthi. Made on a shoe string budget of Rs 60 lakh the film has debutantes Srinivas and Reshma playing the lead roles. Producer SKN says that they are adding more screens on public demand. \"The movie has struck a chord with the audiences and critic alike thanks to the fresh content. We have been flooded with requests for more prints from all over the state. We are adding 50 new screens from tomorrow and are expecting the collections to get better over the week. Couldn't have hoped for a better start than this for our banner Good Cinema Group. It just goes to show that if you have the right content, the film will strike a chord with the audience,\" says the producer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12398505", "title": "Ponda murder: High court rejects appeal against acquittal", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently dismissed an appeal filed by the state government challenging the acquittal of three accused by a trial court on charges of causing the death of Ajit Dangui in 2006 at Ponda.The prosecution had charged the wife of the deceased, Archana Dangui, Vinayak Prabhu and Laxman Naik for assaulting the deceased after confining him to a room and committing his murder on October 7, 2006.The trial court held that the prosecution had failed to prove the guilt of any of the three accused persons. Subsequently, the state government had filed an appeal against the order of acquittal.During the hearing of the case in the high court, the public prosecutor argued that the evidence on record was sufficient to prove the guilt of the accused for culpable homicide not amounting to murder. However, the high court upheld the order of the trial court and rejected the appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397535", "title": "3 babus under CBI scanner", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three senior IAS officers are under the CBI scanner for their role in issuing a government order sanctioning an amount of Rs 3.15 crore towards reimbursement of stamp duty and registration to Ramky Pharma City Limited located in Parawada, Visakhapatnam.Sources said the CBI, which is investigating the Jagan assets case, has perused through some crucial government orders that allegedly benefited the investors of Jagathi Publications owned by Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy. GO No. 12, issued on February 26, 2010, had given administrative sanction to the Budget Release Order (BRO) issued for incurring an expenditure of Rs 3.15 crore. Apparently, the CBI investigations revealed that the GO was issued without getting the approval of the then industries minister Kanna Laxminarayana.Interestingly, the decision to refund the stamp duty and registration fee was taken earlier; vide GO No. 741 on November 14, 2006. The decision was taken in 2006, but the GO reimbursing Rs 3.15 crore to the private promoter was issued only in 2010. Moreover, it was not cleared by the finance department, the sources said.The total extent of land given to Ramky by the government is about 2,400 acres. The government named the pharma city, Jawaharlal Nehru Pharma City, vide G.O.Ms. No. 52, issued by the Industries and Commerce department on February 21, 2005.However, way back in April 2006, the finance department had rejected the industries and commerce department proposal to give concessions to the Ramky group. \"Ramky is the sole bidder. These concessions are not contemplated at the time of agreement. It may not be possible to support concessions not contemplated at that stage,\" according to the finance department. J Geeta Reddy was the industries minister at that point of time.According to the sources, after the finance department rejected granting concessions to the private promoter, Geeta Reddy marked the file to the then chief minister late YS Rajasekhara Reddy with the noting \"Hon'ble CM may kindly see\". Further, the principal secretary, industries, noted that, \"They (Ramky) are not eligible for such concessions under APIDE Act, but we may consider reimbursing the registration and transfer charges from the industries budget, since all the schemes (Mega) are getting this facility.\" YSR then cleared the file after which GO No. 741 was issued on November 14, 2006. After the clearance and before the GO was issued, the file was not seen by either the chief secretary or the industries minister, sources averred.However, it was only in February 2010 that the budget release order for Rs 3.15 crore was issued.In all, three senior IAS officers were involved in granting concessions to the Ramky pharma unit and the CBI is now investigating whether any undue favour was given to the private promoter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12401155", "title": "Five prisoners flee from Jhabua jail", "text": "INDORE: Five inmates escaped from Jhabua district jail on Saturday at around noon in what is suspected to be a pre-planned operation. One was nabbed while four prisoners managed to give a slip to the jail authorities. All the inmates were sentenced for robbery cases, said police.Officiating jail superintendent at the Central Jail, Indore, Dinesh Nargawe said that the four escapees have been identified as Velu Tolia, Sadhu Chhagan, Amaru Vijaya and Jairam Miya. The prisoner, who was caught, has been identified as Nahariya Horji. They all were undergoing jail their terms in connection with different robbery cases, said the official.Nargawe said that the incident took place during the visitors' hours when the inmates were meeting their kin. There is a separate visitors' room to meet the inmates on the jail premises, he said adding that around five family members were present at the visitors' room when the prisoners escaped.During this time, a vegetable vendor came to sell vegetables, Nargawe said adding that the escape was a pre-planned one. At least four armed men were waiting outside the main entrance of the jail for the five prisoners, said Nargawe.He further said that as soon the jail gate was opened to for the vegetable vendors, taking the advantage of the situation , the inmates ran out through the opened gate and fled with their accomplices, who were waiting outside. They reportedly brandished gun at the people and jail security men to scare them away and escaped with the inmates smoothly, said Nargawe adding that five inmates were escaped in which one, Nahariaya, has already been nabbed.Nargawe was on his way to Jhabua jail and he said that all these information has been given to him by the Jhabua jail officials.When contacted, a Jhabua jail official said over phone that the incident took place at around noon when the jail security staff were on duty shift. The official added that there was a rush of visitors at that time and the main entrance of the jail was left open for a while due to the duty change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12407150", "title": "Rana goes international", "text": "Actor Rana Daggubati has just bagged his maiden Hollywood venture, A Momentary Lapse of Reason (AMLOR), to be directed by the internationally acclaimed filmmaker, Aditya Bhattacharya.\"I am very pleased to annouce that I will be making foray into a new language. It is a fantastic opportunity for a young actor like me to be a part of a prestigious international project like AMLOR. We will start shooting for the film by the end of the year,\" said Rana, talking at the party hosted to celebrate the success of the recently released Naa Ishtam. Director Aditya Bhattacharya, who was also persent at the event heaped praises on the actor. \"Somebody asked me if I had seen any of Rana's films before. Honestly I haven't. But I know that Rana perfectly fits the role of as the scion of a wealthy Hyderabad based industrialist in the film. It is the story of an Indian businessman's descent into into a path of revenge as he takes on the city's ruling family of Los Angeles . It is a truly international project aimed at the international audience,\" says the director who burst on to the scene with the internationally acclaimed flick Raakh starring Aamir Khan in the leading role in 1988. He is the grandson of Bimal Roy, one of the pioneers of Indian cinema and the son of Basu Bhattacharya, a noted independent filmmaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399459", "title": "Akhilesh dissolves party\u2019s state bodies", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav hinted at the possibility of mid-term Lok Sabha polls, UP chief minister and state SP president, Akhilesh Yadav dissolved the party's state executive committee and associated cells with immediate effect on Saturday.Party spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said that the state leadership has decided to reconstitute the committees and associated cells afresh keeping in view the new aspirations of the party led by Akhilesh Yadav. It was only a week ago when the party stopped giving membership to the seekers.The decision would dismantle over half a dozen such committees including four belonging to the youth wing, besides one each of women, lawyer and traders community.The move assumes significance, as Akhilesh, since his transition from party's winning face to the post of chief minister, has been expressing his reservation about workers, who, at times because of their misconduct, had caused grave embarrassment to the party top brass. In fact, incidents of violence that portrayed SP workers in a bad light came to the fore on the day when SP emerged as the single largest party.Sources said that the SP leadership has decided to be extremely cautious while inducting fresh members into its state committee and associated cells. The state unit led by Akhilesh, in fact, is likely to promote the young and the educated members in a bid to project a clean image of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12398962", "title": "Centre action, opposite reaction", "text": "In October 2009, at the height of the Mullaperiyar dam dispute between Tamil Nadu and Kerala , relations between the DMK government and the Centre hit a new low. Then chief minister M Karunanidhi dashed off a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, requesting him to immediately direct his environment minister Jairam Ramesh to withdraw a decision of the National Board for Wildlife , permitting Kerala to carry out a survey in the Periyar Tiger Reserve for a new dam. The DMK even threatened to hold a public meeting to condemn the minister, who hastily declared that he was not anti-Tamil Nadu. How could he be when his wife was 100% Tamilian and he was partly one himself?Centre-state relations have always been a touchy issue in Tamil Nadu, especially since the advent of coalition politics. While the DMK, a part of most coalition setups at the Centre, has applied subtle pressure, the AIADMK, barring one tumultuous year in 1998 as a constituent of the Vajpayee-led government , has been at loggerheads with the Union government all along.Since her return to power in Tamil Nadu in 2011, J Jayalalithaa has confronted the Centre on a range of issues. AIADMK Rajya Sabha member V Maitreyan says the differences stem from the Centre's attempts to legislate and govern on behalf of the states. \"The UPA government has been persistently undermining the concept of federalism and harmonious Centrestate relations. Be it on the proposed NCTC or the Lokayukta or various education bills, the Centre is forcing itself on the states,\" he says. In the name of fighting terrorism, what the UPA is doing is fighting against federalism, says Maitreyan. \"In an era where regional aspirations are on the rise, the UPA government can continue its anti-federal policy only at its own peril.\"Some of the friction can be attributed to what is perceived as the Centre's unilateral approach to policies having a bearing on states. For instance, when the food security bill was tabled in Parliament, Jayalalithaa took exception to the proposal to introduce a targeted public distribution system that would cover only the most needy sections as against the universal or near-universal system existing in certain regions, especially the south. The Centre's plan would certainly reduce subsidy grants for better-performing states including Kerala, Chhattisgarh and Andhra. For Tamil Nadu, it would entail an additional annual burden of about Rs 1,800 crore to make up for the shortfall. Jayalalithaa's criticism of the new food security regime seems justified if seen in light of the fact that the state uses the food subsidy mechanism well to maximise the welfare claims of its people.Given the Centre's inability to structure policies according to the needs of each region, the mantra of federalism is bound to increasingly strike a chord in non-Congress-ruled states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12398244", "title": "JD-U membership drive on, party polls likely in July-August", "text": "PATNA: The JD(U) headquarters here is going hi-tech. Dozens of computers are being used to upload the data of the party members and scanning the photographs of those members planting saplings. About 30 operators are busy on their computers in different rooms of the headquarters, said a party officebearer. Piles of applications with colour photographs are stacked and each one will be put online with all details, he said.\"Till date, we have received over 12 lakh membership forms and 2 lakh more forms will reach us by March 31,\" said state JD(U) president Vashishth Narayan Singh on Saturday.He said that the party's organizational election, including for its national president, would be held probably in July or August. Election was expected in April but it was deferred due to assembly polls in five states.Singh was concerned about the slow pace of membership and plantation drive and said he would call a meeting of state executive and office-bearers in the second week of April to review the drive. \"The drive was affected due to various reasons.Now its pace has to be accelerated,\" he said, and added that he would tour the districts to energize the party workers and encourage them to speed up the campaign.\"The membership drive will continue till the target is reached. This is the party's mission,\" said Singh, who is among the six NDA leaders elected to Rajya Sabha unopposed. The documentation work was also outsourced to accelerate the pace, said an official who had no idea how long it would take to complete the job. Each membership form and each plantation picture is given an ID number. Once uploaded, everything would be put online, he added.The party has a target to enrol 50 lakh members, including the renewal of old ones. The same is the target for plantation under the party's flagship `Harit Bihar' scheme, which was conceived and launched by chief minister Nitish Kumar in August last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12400760", "title": "Two booked in connection with death of 62-year-old man", "text": "BHOPAL: The city police have booked two persons in connection with the death of a 62-year-old man in Bagh Dilkusha locality here late on Friday evening.The deceased, Anwar Ali, was allegedly beaten by two persons identified as Mushtaq and Gaffar. The incident that led to the death of the senior citizen started over collecting water from a tanker.The elderly man was declared dead on being taken to hospital. After the post-mortem report on Saturday evening, the Aishbagh police registered an offence against the duo under section 304 (2) of the IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398540", "title": "Lavasa to start work at Mugaon", "text": "PUNE: The Lavasa Corporation Limited, a subsidiary of the Ajit Gulabchand Group's Hindustan Construction Company Limited, announced the development plan of its second town, Mugaon, on Saturday. The Lavasa Hill Station is planned on a land mass of 23,000 acres comprising five towns.Group President for development companies Rajgopal Nogja told reporters that the company is going ahead with the development of Mugaon after receiving a clearance from the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF). \"There is no obstacle now in the way of developing Lavasa further,\" Nogja said.Lavasa now has clearance to develop 12,500 acres of land at the hill station and has in its clear ownership 10,000 acres. The remaining land is in different stages of ownership transfer though the purchase transactions are complete, Nogja said.The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has filed a criminal complaint under sections 15 and 16 of the Environment Protection Act against Lavasa Corporation and 15 people, including nine directors of the company and six of its senior officials for alleged violation of environmental laws. The case is pending before the chief judicial magistrate of the Pune local court.Nogja said Mugaon will come up on approximately 2,400 acres of land and will be the focal point of economic activity at the Lavasa Hill Station. The town will bring about elaborate development of residential, commercial, scientific research, healthcare, education and technology research, he said. Additionally, there will be a world-class theme park which can be used by Bollywood for film productions, Nogja said. \"The entire economic activity which we expect to flourish in Mugaon will generate 97,000 jobs in the next three to five years,\" Nogja said.The residential development will be of 2,000 apartments of varying sizes, priced between Rs 3,550 and Rs 3,950 per square foot, and will be complete in four years, Nogja said.Nogja said Dasve, the first town of the project, is fully sold. The company handed over the house keys to the 100th apartment owner in Dasve on Saturday. The construction is now in full swing in Dasve and we hope to complete all 3,500 residential units there in the next 18 months, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12392837", "title": "Salman Khan\u2019s new buddy in Bollywood", "text": "Salman Khan loves to play Godfather to young, upcoming talent.Over the years he has promoted a lot of budding actors, choreographers and musicians, mentored them and given them breaks in his films. And the latest benefactor of Khan's genorosity is newbie Pulkit Samrat, who the actor has taken under his wing. Recently, Salman attended Pulkit's film's music release. He also introduced him to top directors and influential B-town names at a recent awards ceremony as well. Says a source, \"\"Pulkit is also often seen on the sets of Dabangg 2 visiting Salman. The senior actor feels Pulkit is a promising newcomer and has even been recommending his name in the industry. Bhai has seen the rushes and promos of Pulkit's debut film and is quite impressed with the former TV actor.\"We wish other actors would take a leaf out of Salman's book and be as generous too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12397866", "title": "District bids adieu to collector", "text": "KOZHIKODE: It was a colourful farewell to the district collector P B Salim, who served the district for three years. Salim is the longest-serving collector of Kozhikode. Thousands of people attended the farewell function held at the Kozhikode beach on Saturday evening.\"It is for the first time this kind of a farewell is being given to a collector in Kozhikode,\" said A Pradeep Kumar, MLA, delivering the inaugural speech. M K Muneer, minister for panchayats and social welfare, presided over the function. A K Premajam, corporation mayor, religious, political and trade leaders attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12391575", "title": "I will wear a bikini: Giselle Monteiro", "text": "Giselle Monteiro, the Brazilian model and Bollywood actress, who made a dashing debut as Harleen Kaur in Love Aaj Kal, says she do not plan for the future.\"I ventured into Bollywood without giving it much thought. However, it was a pleasant journey so far,\" says the svelte beauty. Giselle is unlike many actors, who made an entry into Bollywood doing ultra-glamorous roles. And she says she is happy doing any movie, as far as she has a substantial role in it. \"It is not that I have rejected any glamorous roles. I can even wear a bikini if the role demands it,\" says the actress, who plays a village belle in her third Bollywood outing, Pranam Walekum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12397654", "title": "We want friendly ties with both US and China: PM", "text": "SEOUL: Ahead of his visit to South Korea to attend the Nuclear Security Summit, PM Manmohan Singh said that a large and dynamic country like China cannot be contained even as New Delhi's ties with the US keep improving.\"Our aim is to have cooperative ties with both China and USA. It is not zero-sum game. I do not think that large and dynamic countries like China can be contained,\" Singh told South Korean daily 'JoongAng Ilbo' ahead of his visit here.He was replying to a question on whether the US was keeping China in check and had he ever faced situations where he had to choose between China and the US.\"China is our largest neighbour with which we share a long border. It is also our biggest trading partner in goods. With USA, our relations have been transformed in 2005. Three million people of Indian origin live and work in the US,\" Singh said.Singh is in Seoul on a bilateral visit following which he will take part in the Nuclear Security Summit that will be attended by 58 leaders including US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Hu Jintao.Singh said that India's relations with the US were transformed in 2005. The two countries had laid the framework forthe India-US civil nuclear agreement in July 2005.On his meeting with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak, Singh said he would talk about \"giving depth and greater meaning\" to the Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement, strengthen people-to-people contacts, boost cooperation in science and technology, and coordinate thinking in matters relating to security and global events.\"Since this is an occasion which coincides with Nuclear Security Summit, we can work together to promote nuclear security and safety in this world that we live in,\" he said.Singh lauded South Korea's transformation and its emergence as a vibrant democracy.He said South Korea, one of the fastest growing economies in the world and a powerhouse of innovation in just two generations, is an inspiration for the whole of Asia.\"I am aware of the odds you fought against and the sacrifice you made in the early years of building your nation to gain your prestige and position you enjoy today,\" he said.On delays with regard to the Pohang Steel Co (Posco) industrial project in Odisha, Singh said it was his \"sincere hope\" that the issues pertaining to the Posco project would be resolved soon to the satisfaction of all parties.On the issue of red-tapism, the Prime Minister said: \"Outside observers often tend to take a narrow view of our economic policies. India is a far more open economy today than it was earlier.\"\"We are governed by the rule of law, and as a functioning democracy, we need to be mindful of the concerns and sensitivities of all sections and stake-holders and take their interests into account,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12397940", "title": "City hotels cash in on CPM meet", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The CPM's 20th party congress is round the corner and that has brought cheers to hotels and restaurants business in city. With over 840 delegates, many from foreign countries, planning to attend the congress, the party is busy booking rooms in various hotels in bulk.It is for the first time that the city is playing host to the party congress set to begin on April 4. \"All arrangements have been made for the accommodation of delegates and rooms have already been booked in 17 prominent hotels in the city,\" said P T Abdul Latheef, convener of accommodation committee of the party congress.Usually the occupancy rate during March and April is low but not this time. \"There won't be much booking and occupancy during this period as it is off season. But this year all the air-conditioned rooms of the hotel have been booked for the party congress,\" said Karun Radhakrishnan, general manager, Hyson Heritage. In the hotel 26 out of 82 rooms have been booked by the CPM.According to Suji Radhakrishnan, manager (operations), Malabar Palace, occupancy level and booking during this season is high compared to the previous years and 35 out of the total 52 rooms in the hotel is booked for the party congress.He added that it has been a good season as the city hosted E K Nayanar Memorial Golden Cup Football tournament and Gender Fest.\"The party has booked 30 rooms in the hotel and still there is further demand. But as booking is almost full, we are not able to accept further bookings,\" said Balkrishnan, manager of the New Nalanda Hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12402566", "title": "Manmohan Singh, Pak PM Gilani may meet on the sidelines of N-summit in Seoul", "text": "SEOUL: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh may meet his Pakistani counterpart Yousuf Raza Gilani on the sidelines of the second Nuclear Security Summit that begins here on Monday.Though no formal meeting has been sought, the two leaders may come face-to-face during a reception hosted by South Korean President Lee Myung-Bak for the world leaders attending the Summit.Lee is also hosting a Working Dinner for the leaders at the COEX Convention Centre when they would review the progress made since the Washington Summit. Both the Indian and Pakistani sides said that no formal meeting has been scheduled but at the same time they did not rule out a 'pull aside' meeting during the summit as they will be at the venue from morning till evening.\"No structured meeting is planned, but a pull aside is always possible,\" Pakistan's Ambassador to South Korea Shaukat Ali Mukadam told reporters here on the sidelines of a ceremonial welcome to Singh at 'The Blue House', the presidential residence.\"There are possibilities. There are various places to meet, they could meet in leaders' lounge,\" he said.Mukadam said that Gilani had a tight schedule in Seoul where he would be meeting US President Barack Obama and some other world leaders.Some reports earlier had suggested that Gilani could meet Singh. The Pakistan Prime Minister will leave Seoul on Wednesday, while Singh leaves Seoul on Tuesday evening.Sources in the Pakistan government had said that Indian and Pakistani officials are in touch about arranging a meeting between Gilani and Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12401737", "title": "Woman commits suicide at Metro station in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A young woman today allegedly committed suicide by jumping before a running train at a Metro station in south Delhi.The woman, in her twenties, jumped before the train which was going towards Jahangirpuri from Gurgaon at the Malviya Nagar Metro station.The incident happened at 11.27 AM. The driver applied emergency brakes but could not save the victim, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399006", "title": "The \u2018municipality\u2019 strikes back", "text": "The recent controversy around establishment of the NCTC as being violative of the federal structure of our Constitution has rocked the ruling UPA coalition at the Centre. Notwithstanding the political brinkmanship and the sordid bargaining that went on behind the scenes, this has once again underscored the urgent need to have a relook at Centre-state relations .Apart from the NCTC, pending legislation on the Lokpal brought to the fore the dispute concerning the Centre's power to legislate on Lokayuktas of our states. Many pending legislations - such as those seeking to give the BSF authority to police extended territories rather than the nowlimited areas around the border (there's also a strong perception that certain provisions of the Prevention of Communal Violence Bill encroach upon the states' rights of law and order) - raise the spectre of a more unitary set-up , rather than the constitutionally mandated federal structure.The Indian Constitution begins with its first clause defining \"India, that is, Bharat, is a union of states\" . Clearly, there is no India without the states. The experience of the last few decades, however, shows a systematic erosion of the federal content and before this reaches the proportions of raising potentially dangerous disputes of disharmony, it needs to be addressed.In the aftermath of the Emergency and the consequent political churning in the country, the first Left Front government of West Bengal sought a realignment of Centre-state relations on a 15-point agenda. The emergence of regional ruling parties in several important states led to a series of conclaves on this issue whose principle theme was that devolution of economic powers, resources and decisionmaking , instead of weakening the Centre, would actually strengthen its base. Consequently, the Sarkaria Commission was appointed in 1983; its 1988 report remains unimplemented, in large measure, till date.Apart from inflammatory political issues on the misuse of Articles 355 and 356 leading to the dismissal of elected state governments, there are very important financial, administrative and legislative matters that need to be resolved. The Seventh Schedule of our Constitution clearly delineates the responsibilities of the Centre and the states with Union, State and Concurrent lists of subjects. While there is constant encroachment over the states' list, the improper and inadequate financial distribution of resources from the Centre to the states has assumed serious proportions.The states are assigned the responsibilities of basic human and economic development like education, health, agriculture, irrigation, roads, power, etc, and have to incur basic administrative expenditures as well as those on law and order and general administration.However, the more important powers of raising revenue lie with the Centre. For instance, in 2004-05 , while the states undertook 60.8% of total development expenditure , their share in the total revenue receipts was merely 38%. Over the years, the constitutionally presumed equal sharing of revenue between Centre and states (50%) never materialised. The last Finance Commission had also recommended that only 32% be devolved to states. The states' right to raise revenues is very limited and such dependence on the Centre reduces them, as the late Jyoti Basu once said, to \"glorified municipalities\" .Further, with the onset of neoliberal economic reforms, there has been constant decline in the tax-GDP ratio, implying a further shrinking of states' share of resources. While the Centre decides on various tax concessions (Rs 15.28 lakh crores in 2011-12 ), the states are never compensated for the consequent loss of their share. Even the decision to transfer centrally sponsored welfare schemes to the states with funding (May 1996) has not materialised.International treaties like the WTO agreement on agriculture, free trade agreements that adversely affect crucial state subjects like agriculture are unilaterally decided. The states are never compensated for the huge losses.Under pressure from the Left, the VP Singh government in 1990 constituted the Inter-State Council under Article 263 of the Constitution. It effectively remains only on paper. The National Development Council today has been reduced to a declamation forum of chief ministers with written speeches. It should be given constitutional status and the Planning Commission should function as its secretariat or executive wing. These issues should be resolved urgently, with regular meetings of the constitutionally mandated Inter-State Council.- Sitaram Yechury( He is a senior CPM politburo member and Rajya Sabha MP )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398676", "title": "Dr AV, oldest practising surgeon in city, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: Urologist Dr A Venugopal, one of the city's oldest practising doctors, fondly called by fellow practitioners as Dr AV, passed away at his residence in Poonamallee on Friday. He was 94 and is survived by two sons, both doctors, and a daughter. The funeral was held on Saturday.Dr Venugopal, his family said, died due to complications of a surgery he underwent in December. Until last week, he was active. He had been seeing patients till January, and last week he referred one of his patients to his son for a repeat surgery. \"He had operated on that patient 40 years ago. Patients are always first on his mind,\" said his son Dr A V Harendra, a general surgeon.When TOI interviewed Dr AV in 2010, the nonagenarian had said he had no plans to retire. The surgeon stopped doing surgeries some years ago, but gave consultation.Every day, he woke up at 5am and met patients at 8am in his clinic. He saw at least eight patients a day before doing ward rounds.Poring over medical journals, he kept himself abreast of the latest advancements and offered opinion to fellow doctors who sought his help. He was planning to publish a book on urology. \"I don't know what I would do if I don't go to my clinic. I have been going there since 1947,\" he had told TOI in the last interview.Born to Dr Lakshmanaswami Mudaliar, a renowned obstetrician-gynaecologist and former vice-chancellor of the University of Madras on June 18, 1917, Dr Venugopal had always been passionate about medicine. While his brothers A Rao and A L Mudaliar chose other professions, he went to Madras Medical College and graduated in 1940. He did his postgraduation in surgery at the same college. Two years later, he started his own hospital on Poonamallee High Road. He worked at the Madras Medical College as an honorary clinical professor for 37 years. Till the end, the doctor worked on four 'A's as his motto: Accountable, approachable, affordable and achievable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402198", "title": "Russell Brand's girlfriend gushes about relationship", "text": "British comedian Russell Brand's new girlfriend Hungarian model Nikolett Barabas has broken her silence about her romance with the British comedian, saying the star is \"amazing\".The comedian has been spotted on several occasions with Barabas.Brand introduced the brunette beauty to his mother last Sunday as he celebrated the UK's Mother's Day with a lunch date.Barabas has opened up about their relationship to Life &amp; Style magazine.Gushing about the actor, she says: \"He's amazing, so funny; he's beautiful. I like being with him; he's amazing, so amazing. He's a good person,\" reports contactmusic.com.Brand filed for divorce to end his 14 month marriage to singer Katy Perry last December and was subsequently linked to Mexican artist Oriela Medellin Amieiro.Meanwhile, Perry is said to have moved on with French model Baptiste Giabiconi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401722", "title": "An Odia anthem by three youngsters", "text": "Three youngsters from the silver city are singing a new tune. The debut album of Binay, Biraj and Kuldeep titled \" Emotions Unplugged\" will have an Odia anthem that will highlight the youth icons of the state.Says Binay Krushna Rath, the composer of the album, \"My friends used to always listen to the Hindi numbers as they felt that the tracks and compositions in Odia albums were of poor quality. Along with my younger brother, Biraj, and his friend, Kuldeep, we decided to come up with original songs that will appeal to the youngsters of the state. What makes the album different is that we have composed an Odia anthem for our state that every Odia will be proud to sing on any occasion.\"But why an Odia anthem in the first place? \"Other states have their youth anthem and it was time for us to come up with one patriotic number that highlights the achievements. We are all so proud of Sudarshan Pattnaik, Prince dance group and Harihar Das. Even in Bollywood, Odia cinematographers and sound designers are doing a commendable job. Our song, \"Mu Odia, mo Odisha\", will make us feel patriotic. In a line \"Rahichu to kain niraba hoi (why are you silent?)\", we have tried to make the youth feel proud of the contemporary youth icons of Odisha. After all, how long will be continue to only highlight the Konark temple as the pride of Odisha?\" wonders Binay.It took close to three months to complete this album. Apart from a patriotic song, the album also includes some youthful modern songs, melodious romantic numbers, devotional songs and fusion numbers blending western and classical music. Interestingly, all these guys come from different backgrounds but what unites them is their passion for music. While Binay is pursuing his MBBS from SCB Medical College and Hospital, Kuldeep and Biraj are third year B.Tech. students of a private college in Bhubaneswar. Kuldeep and Biraj were the two finalists last year in a music reality show titled \" Voice of Odisha.\"\"During my participation in the reality show, I first thought about making this album. I shared my views with my co-performer, Kuldeep, and my elder brother, Binay,\" says Biraj, adding, \"The idea is to come up with an album where there is no song which will make the youth say: 'Bas kar yaar'. Our tracks will entertain the audience as much as the Hindi numbers that entertain them.\"Says Kuldeep, \"Our idea is to come up with an album that will appeal to the youth. Hope we are successful in our endeavour.\" While the lyrics and music have been composed by Biraj, Binay and Kuldeep, the album's sound design was done by Rahul Raul of Cuttack. \"I was very apprehensive when these three guys approached me. What I liked most is their passion to return to their roots. Besides, all of them are very good singers as well,\" says Rahul.That surely is music to the ears!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12399002", "title": "Woman dies after being hit by stone from granite quarry", "text": "MADURAI: A woman succumbed to injuries she sustained after being hit by a stray stone from a nearby granite quarry.Avanammal (45) from Katchakatti near Vadipatti was admitted to the Government Rajaji Hospital in a critical condition after the treatment failed in a private hospital in the city. She died in the hospital on Friday evening. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397499", "title": "Court respite for Ramjas principal", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a relief to Ramjas principal Rajender Prasad, 'suspected' by police to be involved in the college admission racket, a Delhi court has refused to summon him, saying \"making him a suspect is not justified\".\"There is absolutely no evidence collected by the prosecution to connect the principal of the college who was the complainant with the commission of the offence,\" said metropolitan magistrate Devender Nain. There's no material with the prosecution to show that the principal was negligent in the matter of admission, he said.The court also held that the members of the admission committee - including its convener - who were also named as suspects, could not be summoned as police had in the chargesheet specifically mentioned there was no evidence on record to link them to the case.Delhi Police had made the principal suspect on the basis of the statement by an accused, Naresh, that he had paid \"consideration\" to the principal. The court, however, noted, \"It is also mentioned (in the chargesheet) that certain consideration was received by the principal concerned for fake admissions. A perusal of relevant statement of accused Naresh alias Tau reveals that no exact details as well as consideration for such amount have been specified on his behalf.\"The only allegation made against the principal through the chargesheet is that he was careless regarding the admission process. However, the manner in which and the extent to which the principal was careless is not disclosed by the prosecution.\" Various anomalies in Tau's statements raised serious doubts on the prosecution theory, the court said.The court also said, \"It may be noted that it was the principal who made the complaint regarding the fake admissions by his letter dated September 27, 2011,\" and noted that police took over a month to register an FIR. \"The complaint was duly received on October 5 but the FIR was registered only on November 15, 2011, which is almost more than one month, and it shows that the investigating agency was not prompt in taking action in respect of fake admissions,\" Nain said.Police filed 30 chargesheets in the admission scam in which over 36 students gained admission by using fake marksheets and through other dubious means. The accused have been summoned on April 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12397109", "title": "City no place for higher studies", "text": "It could be the newfound spirit of independence or career concerns, the fact is that most students appearing for XII board exams in the city are planning an exit from here over the next three months.For those who crack the prestigious JEE or AIEEE or the CPMT, the choices are obvious. They would be entering the portals of some of the best colleges in the country just one of which, VNIT, is located here. But those who have to choose between the numerous private colleges prefer to take admission in cities like Pune, Bangalore or Mumbai.Though Pune is touted as the Oxford of the East, which makes it the favourite choice for many, these 17-year-olds even have Manipal, Vellore, Ahmedabad and Bangalore on their list of destinations. A spurt in number of engineering and other colleges in the city should have ideally checked this exodus but that has not happened. The fact that there are many from other cities who seek admissions in these local colleges also has little impact on this trend.So is it just the urge to move out or is it about concerns for quality education that influences these decisions?It's about quality of education, say a bulk of those planning to move out. Chaitanya Jain, who wrote his 12th board exam this year, says he wants to pursue engineering from Manipal or Bangalore. \"These two colleges have a much higher ranking than any in Nagpur. A higher ranking college will help me get better placements,\" he says.Shriya Lunawat, who plans to make a career in architecture, has also made a comparative study of college and courses being offered in Nagpur with other cities. \"I am trying to convince my parents to allow me to go to Ahmedabad or Bangalore as the institutions there are best in the country.\" Agreeing with the perception that studying in another city is a craze amongst city students, Shriya says it is because of sense of freedom that one gets when out of his or her hometown. \"It's a new atmosphere , new people. That by itself is an education,\" she adds.Though there may be some choices for engineering students in the city, those pursuing other streams like law feel its best to move out.Sarvottam Kothari, who is appearing for the national level law entrance exams, says that local colleges do not offer the syllabus or the opportunities. \"If I do law from Pune or Bangalore, I get opportunities to do solicitorship and get good job offers. Even the syllabus and the manner of teaching are far superior to what is being offered by city colleges. Forget sense of freedom. It is about better career prospects,\" he asserts.The variety of courses is what made Renuka Kulkarni do her Zoology Hons. from Pune. \"My elder sister is a graduate from NU. The irregularity of teaching staff was her constant grouse. So I opted for Pune. Besides, NU also does not offer a Hons. Course,\" she explains.Those studying in other cities also feel they are better off outside Nagpur. Ashish Tak, who is pursuing his engineering from a private autonomous college in Pune, says though his college is autonomous he is satisfied with it. \"I would have preferred to enter a college affiliated to Pune University, still I feel it is better then studying in Nagpur. Besides the course, the opportunities available here give us an edge over those in Nagpur,\" he says.If Ashish is troubled about the fact that his college is not affiliated to Pune university, his friend Hitendra Paranjape, studying in Yashwantrao Chavan College of Engineering in Nagpur, says the fact that this college is autonomous is a big boon as they are not bogged down by the bad reputation of NU and its improper marking and revaluation systems. \"When we compare syllabus, I think we are studying more than autonomous colleges in Pune. At the end of the course I think it's Ashish who will be better off as though his college is autonomous it still falls under the ambit of Pune University,\" Hitendra says.Sagar Meghe, secretary of Nagar Yuvak Shiksha Sanstha that runs YCCE, agrees that Pune offers a better industrial interface. He adds though that Pune also puts fear in the minds of parents about their kids falling prey to bad habits. \"Being an industrial city, placement activities in Pune are way ahead of Nagpur. There are many parents who find Nagpur a much safer city which also measures up in terms of quality education,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398485", "title": "RWITC to withdraw petition: Army", "text": "PUNE: The Southern Command headquarters, Pune, in an official statement issued on Saturday, has claimed that the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC) has agreed to \"unconditionally withdraw the petition\" it had filed in the Bombay high court staking claim to the 65 acres of Army land at race course. However, RWITC committee member Khushroo N Dhunjibhoy told TOI that a decision on whether or not to withdraw the petition will be taken at the RWITC committee meeting scheduled in Mumbai on Sunday.The representatives of the Army and the RWITC met for the first time on Saturday after the Bombay High Court directed them to find an amicable solution on the stand off over racecourse land dispute.In a statement issued after the meeting, the public relations officer of the Southern Command has said, \"The RWITC had petitioned the high court laying claim to 65 acres of A1 defense land using forged documents. Army in turn had taken necessary measures to protect its interest and land.Consequently, further affidavit had been filed by RWITC seeking interim relief. The matter was heard on 20 March wherein RWITC being on weak footing had requested the Honorable High Court time for amicable mutual settlement with Local Military Authority, Pune before the next hearing.\"The statement adds: \"A meeting was held between Brig MS Jaswal, LMA, Pune and Committee Members of RWITC. RWITC has agreed to abide by the original Lease Deed (1907) and various MoUs signed, they have also agreed to unconditionally withdraw the petition.\" Dhunjibhoy said, \"We had a cordial meeting with the Army officials. I have informed Brig MS Jaswal that it is not my prerogative to take acall on whether or not to withdraw the petition. We will place your views before the committee meeting for taking a final decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12401504", "title": "Government to hold dialogue with Ulfa on April 9", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a gap of six months, the government will hold dialogue with Ulfa on April 9 as part of its efforts to bring a lasting solution to the decades-old insurgency problem in Assam.Union home secretary R K Singh and other senior home ministry officials will hold peace talks with Ulfa led by its 'chairman' Arabinda Rajkhowa and try to iron out differences on key demands of the banned outfit.Top Ulfa leaders will discuss with the government delegation various aspects of its \"charter of demands\" which, among others, seeks amendment in the Constitution for finding \"meaningful\" ways to protect the rights and identity of the indigenous people of Assam.Observance of ground rules, signed by both sides, surrender of arms and ammunition and total halt of operations by security forces against the pro-talk faction are other key issues which are expected to be discussed, official sources said.The dialogue with Ulfa will be held after nearly six months. The last such meeting was held here on October 25.Members of the rebel group -- numbering around 600 -- are now in special camps, called as 'Nabanirman Kendras'.Ulfa 'commander-in-chief' Paresh Baruah has steadfastly opposed any peace talk with the government and vowed to continue his fight for a \"sovereign\" Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12397870", "title": "Cracker unit fire victim dies", "text": "KOZHIKODE: One more person, who suffered serious injuries in the blast at a fire cracker unit, Kakkur, died at Kozhikode Government Medical College Hospital on Saturday morning. The deceased, Priya (37), wife of Kizhakke Puzhakkottu Palam Aji, was admitted to KMCH following the blast at the fire cracker unit on Friday afternoon.Another woman, Sheena (35) wife of Puzhakkottu Chalil Pramod, was also killed in the blast. The police have started inquiry into whether the licensee has been following all the safety conditions. There was a slight panic when fumes started to come out from the explosives that were kept at Kakkur police station. Fire and rescue officials reached the spot and diffused the fumes.The owner of the fire cracker unit K Raghavan, his brother K Bharathan and Raghavan's son Shibu were arrested by the police as part of the investigation. They were later remanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12397950", "title": "New form of TB giving sleepless nights to doctors", "text": "JAIPUR: The multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) is an emerging challenge for the state health authorities as the treatment is available only in 21 districts of the state.The first case of MDR-TB was detected on May 14, 2009 at TB Sanatorium in Jaipur. Since then the number of cases has increased to 250 in Jaipur. But the total number of the MDR-TB patients which are on health department's record is around 800.State TB officer Dr KN Gupta said: \"Those TB patients who do not take medicines (a course of DOTS therapy) become proper MDR-TB patients.\"But, Rajasthan is among those states which are achieving more than the target set for new sputum positive case detection rate and also cure rate.The target for new sputum positive case detection rate is 70% but the state has achieved 80% and the target of cure rate was 85% but the state already achieved 90%. The TB patients are being detected and provided with medicines under the Revised National TB Control Programme. The programme was launched in the state in 1995 on a pilot basis in Jodhpur. But it was extended to other districts of the state in the next five years.Gupta said, \"Since then the situation has changed a lot. The death rate due to TB was around 29% in 1990s but now it has reduced to 3%, which is a big success.\"To cure MDR-TB patients, the state government needs to step up efforts. There are only two culture and drug sensitivity testing laboratories in the state for MDR-TB patients -- one in Ajmer and the other in Jaipur-- which diagnose TB and also give report on what drugs will be effective on a particular MDR-TB patient. The two culture and DST labs now give report in two days which was a time taking process earlier that could extend to 30 days.However, facilities for treatment of MDR-TB patients at hospitals are made available in Jaipur, Ajmer, Jodhpur and Udaipur. The state government is planning to open more treatment centres for MDR-TB patients. Health minister AA Khan said the facilities for MDR-TB treatment would be made available in all the districts of the state soon.The treatment for such patients is quite expensive. It needs Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2 lakh for complete cure. An official said that the government provides free treatment and bear all the expenses of the treatment.Also, the culture and DST lab will be opened in Jodhpur in next six months.Besides, the main aim of the state government is to detect the sputum positive cases. District TB officer Dr Bhupendra Meghwal said, \"A sputum positive case is dangerous as it could infect 10 more people. So, it is on priority that we detect sputum positive cases to break the chain before the infected person could infect others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12403110", "title": "Trisha bonds with Khushboo", "text": "Looks like actress Trisha Krishnan is on a partying spree.The lass was spotted singing her heart out at a karaoke night at a night club in Hyderabad on March 15 with actors Vishal Krisha, Madhushalini , Rana Daggubati and others. Now that she's back in Chennai, she still seems to be in a party-happy mood. The actress spent Saturday night with fellow actress Khushboo and a few of her close friends. She couldn't stop raving about all the fun she had on her microblogging site and she even posted a few pictures of herself with Khushboo and other friends. \"Had d most fun last nite that iv had in a long time at one of my closest friends n choreographers house Brinda..Thx for a wonderful time,\" (sic) posted the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "12405723", "title": "Egypt parliament selects constitution panel dominated by hardliners", "text": "CAIRO: Egyptian parliament today chose a 100-member constituent assembly dominated by religious hardliners from Muslim Brotherhood , to draft a post-Mubarak era constitution.The new constitution will determine who will run the country in the future and what will be the role of military, which is currently running the government after former president Hosni Mubarak was ousted last year in a popular uprising.\"This is a historic day for Egypt. We have taken the first step on the road to writing the constitution,\" Egyptian People's Assembly speaker Saad al-Katatny said.\"Since the first day, we have pledged not to be biased to a certain opinion. We will not accept giving up on democracy and popular participation.\"Half of the members of the panel have been elected from Parliament's upper and lower houses and the remaining half from outside including professionals, judges, political scientists, poets, and others.Of the 50 lawmakers selected by parliament's two chambers, 37 are Islamists. The other 50, also selected by lawmakers, include majority of Islamists.Mostafa Bakry, who supervised the vote-counting process, said the election was conducted in a quiet atmosphere and was characterised by integrity. He said the Constituent Assembly's first meeting will be held on March 28.The old 1971 Constitution was suspended after the uprising that ousted longtime Mubarak. The new Constitution will be put to a vote in a national referendum. Egyptian liberal MPs withdrew from the parliament vote to appoint the panel.Members from the Free Egyptians Party, the Revolution Continues Coalition and the Egyptian Social Democratic Party abandoned the talks, expressing fears that Islamist, who swept to victory in parliamentary and senate elections after Mubarak's downfall, dominate the assembly.The Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party and Salafis recently won about two-thirds of parliamentary seats in the first election since the ouster of Mubarak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12400509", "title": "59 Maharashtra industries fined for illegal hazardous waste disposal", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has directed 59 industrial units to pay fine for unlawful storage and disposal of large quantities of hazardous waste in their premises.\"There are 5,428 hazardous waste generating industries in Maharashtra. The volume of hazardous waste generated is estimated to be around 18 lakh MT per year,\" according to the 2011-12 Economic Survey of the state, which was tabled in the ongoing Budget session of the legislature.Common facilities for management of hazardous waste have been set up at four locations in the state, including Taloja (Thane), Ranjangaon in Pune and Butibori in Nagpur.Fifty-nine industries have been asked by MPCB to pay fine (amount not specified) for unlawful storage and disposal of hazardous waste in their premises. They have been directed to send the hazardous waste to the common treatment facilities, the survey said.MPCB, the nodal agency for implementation of pollution related acts, has authorised seven industries to recycle e-waste, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12397843", "title": "'When my kids talk, no one can make out they are villagers\u2019", "text": "Ex-sarpanch Anil Yadav and his family were staying in Chakkarpur village at the heart of the city till three years ago. Then he sold his land and moved up in life. He wanted to live like a civilized man. He believes good education for the native folk is one way out of the schizoid culture of the city.When did you decide to move out of Chakkarpur village and live in a private colony?My entire family (parents, two brothers and their families) moved out of the village three years ago to give our children an exposure to the city lifestyle.What about your children?My eldest son is a Class 10 student in Sherwood College, Nainital, My other son is a student of DPS in Sector 45 and daughter is in kindergarten.What made you admit your son in Sherwood College, a prestigious boarding school?People warned me that my son might get \"spoilt\" in a boarding school hostel. But I told them he will get a good education and the right exposure there. When my children talk, nobody can make out that they are villagers from Gurgaon.What do you do for a living?I have monthly rental income from the rooms built in my village. I assist my wife in her job as a councillor. I would have contested for the post but the ward was reserved for women so I had to nominate my wife.Do you think the urban-rural divide is actually giving rise to incidents of crime against women?Yes, to an extent. It's sad that those who decided to stay back in villages have neither the simplicity of villagers nor the ability to adapt to an urban lifestyle. While holding hands and displaying affection publicly is normal among urban people, someone brought up in a village looks at it very differently and when he tries to do the same, it leads to awkward situations.Do you think easy money from selling land or rental income has spoilt many a villager?Villagers think that putting their children in public schools which charge steep fees is the only path to get them educated. However, when a teacher writes back a note in a child's diary, the parents have no clue about it as they are illiterate. Nowadays, in an attempt to outdo each other, villagers buy their children luxuries like expensive mobiles, bikes and cars. This in turn results in the youngsters having a skewed perspective on life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12397771", "title": "Central Institute of Fisheries Technology former director passes away", "text": "KOCHI: Dr K Raveendran, former director of the Central Institute of Fisheries Technology (CIFT) and former state president of the Swadeshi Science Movement, passed away here on Saturday. He was 72. The funeral will be held at Edappally crematorium at 11am on Sunday.A graduate of Ernakulam Maharaja's College, he obtained the Doctor of Science degree in material technology and corrosion engineering from Belgium . He also completed a special course in naval architecture from Madras IIT.He had published more than 90 research articles and had been awarded the patent for nine new products and procedures.He had also served as deputy director of MPEDA, UGC visiting professor in Cusat, and advisor to the UPSC and agricultural scientist recruitment board.Dr Raveendran is survived by wife Geetha, daughter Nileena and son-in-law Deepak Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397841", "title": "BJP MLA undergoes polygraph test in Shehla murder case", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI on Saturday conducted a lie- detection test on BJP MLA from Bhopal Dhruv Narayan Singh in connection with the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood. Singh underwent the test for several hours on Saturday at the Central Forensic Science Laboratory here as CBI's previous attempt to carry out a polygraph test remained inconclusive, sources in the probe agency said.The agency asked him a series of questions related to his purported relationship with Masood and accused Zahida Parvez, besides whether he knew about the murder plan allegedly hatched by Parvez. Unlike the last attempt when physical parameters of Singh started to fluctuate, he remained calm and composed during the session, sources said.Parvez is accused to plotting to kill Masood as she, according to CBI, resented the RTI activist's relationship with the BJP MLA.The CBI might call Singh again for another lie-detection test if the results did not prove satisfactory, they said. CBI sources had said the MLA is \"not completely off-radar\" in the case. However, the agency has not got any evidence pointing to his role in the murder of the 38-year-old activist.Singh had agreed to undergo a lie-detection test before a special court in Indore. During the probe, CBI found that accused Zahida Parvez had \"very close relations\" with the MLA, and resented his closeness with Masood. Parvez is currently in judicial custody.While analysing call details of Parvez and her friend and another accused Saba Farooqui, sleuths came across some calls made purportedly to a close aide of Singh soon after Masood was murdered on August 16 last year outside her house in Koh-e-Fiza locality in Bhopal. Farooqui is also in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399443", "title": "City sweats at 39.5\u00b0C, yo-yo temp turns up heat", "text": "MUMBAI: Barely 14 days after the city recorded its lowest minimum temperature of 12.7\u00b0Celsius in March, stepping out meant walking into a wall of heat as the mercury touched 39.5\u00b0C on Saturday afternoon, the highest maximum temperature this month.The scalding effect that left citizens hot, itchy and thirsty seems to have been deepened by the yo-yoing mercury . While Santa Cruz recorded a maximum temperature of 39.5\u00b0C (5 degrees above normal), the minimum on Saturday was 19.4\u00b0C, marking a difference of 20 degrees between day and night.Colaba recorded a maximum temperature of 35.5\u00b0C, 4 degrees above normal, and a minimum of 22.5\u00b0C.The Met department said summer has set in over Maharashtra . \"The peninsula is affected by a heat low, the general weather pattern for summer. On Saturday, delayed sea breeze let the temperature soar,\" said Bishwombhar Singh, director at the Indian Meteorological Department , Mumbai.Sea breeze played truant on SaturdayOn Saturday, the relative humidity in Colaba was 52%, while Santa Cruz remained extremely dry with an evening relative humidity of 26%. \"When sea breeze sets in, it controls the extremely high temperatures with more moisture. Since there was a delay in sea breeze on Saturday, dry and warm Easterly winds hit the city and took the temperatures high,\" said Bishwombhar Singh, director at the Indian Meteorological Department , Mumbai, explaining why the temperature had touched the highest in March.Also, the Deccan peninsula has been affected by a heat low, a typical summer phenomenon. A heat low is a low pressure area that occurs as a result of intense heating when compared to the surrounding environments.\"Over land, intense and rapid solar heating of the lower layers of air creates hot air, which is less dense than surrounding cooler air. This, combined with the rising of the hot air, results in the formation of a low pressure area,\" explained a meteorologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399234", "title": "Pune team wins moot court competition", "text": "LUCKNOW: The fifth national Moot Court competition organised by Amity Law School concluded on Saturday. A total of 45 law colleges from across the country participated in the three-day event.The two teams that reached the finals were New Law College, Bharti Vidhya Peeth, Pune and D. Ram Manohar Lohiya National Law University, Lucknow, where Pune emerged as winners. The topic for the finals was Media Law. The participants from New Law College were Nistha Arora, Sunya Mudang, David Russell while Anusha Ramanathan, Himani Singh, Deepshri represented RML National Law University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401414", "title": "Young Indians gun for an African", "text": "Joseph Kony tops the chart of international criminals for his atrocities against African children.Young Indians, including actress Sonakshi Sinha , want nothing more than to see him behind bars. Thanks to Facebook, they think they can make that happen. Dhamini Ratnam reports.On April 20, 2012, a group of gangly teenagers in Pune, possibly Lucknow and Mumbai, and most definitely Kolkata, will paste posters of an African man across their cities. Their aim, they say, is to make him famous.He is no rock idol or movie star, but the International Criminal Court's most wanted man, who the smartphone toting, Facebook revolutionary generation in India - and the rest of the world - want behind bars. This is their logic: The greater the number of people who know about him, the more famous he gets, which increases the pressure on international policymakers to act against him.Earlier this month, a video depicting the atrocities of Joseph Kony, the chief of the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA), a militant rebel group created in Uganda in 1987 and accused of committing gross human rights violations, became the most widely watched video over the Internet. Within five days of going live on March 5, it garnered 70 million views.The video called Kony 2012 was created by Jason Russell, co-founder of an eight-year-old San Diego-based non government organisation called Invisible Children Inc, which has been working for the rehabilitation of Ugandan children who were kidnapped, tortured and abused by the LRA.A few days after seeing the video, Utkarsh Mishra, a class 10 student from Lucknow, started a Facebook group to \"put Joseph Kony behind bars\". Within three days, the group that is named after the video had over 1,250 members, all of whom shared Mishra's outrage.\"I hope to spread awareness to make this cause a real concern,\" said Mishra, over an email interaction. \"We live in a globalised world, where it is not tough to mobilise people for a good cause,\" said Mishra, adding that he may plaster posters of Kony all over Lucknow on April 20 with his friends.Mishra's plan of action isn't his own. In fact, it is part of a carefully constructed campaign that Russell and his team have developed. Russell lays down a three-pronged approach in Kony 2012: Sign a pledge on the website to show support; Buy an action kit with posters of the campaign; Donate money to their cause. The idea is to make Kony a household name, the video explains. An all-night global-wide blitzkrieg of plastering 'Stop Kony' posters has been planned for April 20.Mohsin Dinware, a 17-year-old mass communications student from Mumbai, is another Facebook user, who started a group called Kony - It All Ends Here on March 8, gathering 200 members in a few days. \"We initiated the group to take a stand against the brutal killing of teenagers just like us,\" said Dinware.In Kolkata, 18-year-old Twitter user Dipanjan Das will initiate a rally on April 20. Like him, Pune student Setu Shah, is keen to buy the action kits. Shah has already put up 'Stop Kony' posters that he downloaded from the Internet, over his college walls.However, not all social media users are thrilled with the video. Ugandan journalist and blogger Rosebell Kagumire made a video criticising Kony 2012. \"It is simplistic and manipulative. It zeros down to a good guy - the US - finishing off a bad guy, who's African and hiding in the jungles of Africa. It doesn't capture even in a single line, the current realities in north Uganda. There has not been an attack in five years,\" she told Times Life! over email.dhamini.ratnam@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12397892", "title": "New system to keep a tab on waste collection", "text": "KOZHIKODE: At a time when the state is witnessing a series of protests against dumping waste, the Kozhikode Corporation is trying its best to make the door-to-door waste collection more efficient by introducing punching-in system for Kudumbasree workers engaged in the job.The civic authority has started fixing Radio Frequency Identification Device (RFID) tag at houses in 10 wards selected for the purpose to keep track on waste collection by Kudumbasree members.The move comes in the wake of the corporation receiving a number of complaints about workers being irregular in collecting waste.The Rs 6.3-lakh pilot project will be implemented in 5,000 houses under the Service Level Bench Marking (SLB) venture of the ministry of urban development as part of its information system improvement programme.The corporation has already awarded tender to Bengaluru-based MAXrad Software India Pvt Ltd for implementing the project. The wards selected are Thiruthiyad, Chakorathukulam, Malaparamba, Puthiyangadi, West Hill, Kottuli North, Payyanakkal, Thiruvannur, Kallai and Pottemmel.Corporation executive engineer K P Ramesh, project in-charge, said the civic body had already started fixing the RFID tag.The chip inside the tag will have primary information like name, house number, ward number of the house owner and the quantity of waste dumped.A RFID card reader and a SIM to activate Global Positioning Remote Sensing (GPRS) will be given to Kudumbasree workers.\"They have to swipe the card reader in the fixed RFID tag after collecting waste. Information including the name of the worker, time and date will be automatically recorded.The recorded data will be transferred to a computer attached to the health officer's desktop,\" said Ramesh.p\"The system will be made functional in a couple of months. The civic authority has to get BSNL net connectivity with single IP address for the purpose,\" he said.The corporation has already trained more than 60 Kudumbasree workers. K Mini, secretary, Solid Waste Employees Union, Kozhikode Corporation, said the system would put an end to public complaint that Kudumbasree workers were irregular.\"It will also ensure that we get a permanent income as some of the house owners have been evading payment saying we are irregular,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12398067", "title": "Learn to cope with life\u2019s adversities, says ex-judge", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"If youth does not learn to adjust with situations in lives, their lives will end up in litigation,\" said Justice TN Vallinayagam, a former judge at the Karnataka high court. He was speaking at the graduation day ceremony of the AJK College of Arts and Science on Saturday at Navakkarai in the outskirts of the city.\"Many people come with their marital problems to the courts. I have seen that most of the problems arise as people do not learn to adjust in their lives. Learning to adjust and give up is the basic of taking life ahead. If you do not know that, your life may be in trouble,\" he reminded students.Following the traditional values is a must for students, said justice Vallinayagam. \"In many places, there is a trend where young people dump their parents in orphanages. Students after getting a job with attractive remuneration must not forget and forsake the people who brought you up,\" he advised.Citing students must be innovative in their lives, he said \"In these changing times, we face many challenges in our lives and careers. You must dare to think and come up with novel ideas to challenges.\"Ajeet Kumar Lal Mohan, the secretary of AJK College, who presided over the ceremony, said that formal education is also a necessity in the workplace. \"Work skills are important, but a formal education can help you to get ahead in your career,\" he said.Later, justice Vallinayagam awarded the degrees to the graduating students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12399008", "title": "PIL filed to end power crisis in state", "text": "MADURAI: A public interest litigation was filed in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday seeking a direction to the Union and state governments to end the power crisis in the state.The petitioner B Stalin, a practising advocate of the Madurai Bench said while there is no power shortage in other southern states, Tamil Nadu alone is suffering from acute power shortage due to the step-motherly treatment meted out by the Centre for political reasons. He added that major power projects to be executed by the Central public sector undertakings were inordinately delayed. In order to offset the deficit partially, the state government was trying to procure power from others and it has been fairly successful in finalising contracts for a sizable quantum of power. However, the non-availability of a transmission corridor had deprived the state of receiving the contracted power from other states.He also prayed an order of injunction restraining supply of power from Neyveli to other states till the crisis in the Tamil Nadu comes to an end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "koraput/ bhubaneswar", "code": "12397365", "title": "After Italian duo, Maoists kidnap BJD MLA in Orissa", "text": "KORAPUT/ BHUBANESWAR: Maoists abducted a ruling BJD MLA early Saturday near Laxmipur in south Orissa, about 500km from Bhubaneswar, derailing talks for the release of two Italian hostages held by them since March 14.Police said Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka, a 37-year-old tribal community leader, was taken away to a nearby forest at gunpoint by a group of over 100 Maoists around 1am on Saturday. He was returning home when the Maoists stopped his vehicle near Toyaput.At dawn, the Maoists released Hikaka's driver Ugrasen Jambeka and personal security officer (PSO) Gokula Kandhapan after snatching away their mobile phones. Before disappearing into the jungles near the Orissa-Andhra Pradesh border with the MLA, the Maoists ordered them to inform the media about the abduction.\"We are on the job and all necessary steps have been taken to locate the MLA,\" said Koraput SP Awinash Kumar. It's unlikely they have taken Hikaka to Andhra Pradesh, he said.Meanwhile, talks for the release of two Italian hostages between the state government and Maoists through mediators were suspended. Orissa home secretary U N Behera said, \"We discussed the matter with mediators nominated by Maoists. In the last two days, there have been two unfortunate incidents - a police officer was killed and MLA Jhina Hikaka was kidnapped. Under such circumstances, mediators suggested that negotiations be suspended.\"CM Naveen Patnaik sent two ministers - Surjya Narayan Patro and Lal Bihari Himirika - to take stock of the situation. He also called Hikaka's wife, Kausalaya, and assured her of efforts for her husband's release. At Toyaput, villagers blocked the road for hours demanding Hikaka's release. School children took out a rally at Narayanpatna.The kidnap sparked a ruckus in the state assembly. Opposition MLAs sat in the well of the House and damaged the Speaker's microphone. The House was adjourned till Monday. \"The state-Maoist nexus became evident when Maoist-backed panchayat representatives supported BJD candidates in the recent zila parishad polls in Koraput,\" opposition leader Bhupinder Singh said, while demading the CM's resignation. BJD chief whip Rabi Narayan Pani, however, said it was not the time to seek political mileage.Police suspect Hikaka was kidnapped by the Andhra division of Maoists. Their posters were found near the kidnapping spot, with hand-written posters pasted on Hikaka's vehicle demanding halt of anti-Naxal operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398346", "title": "Disabled-friendly BRTS to operate in Pimpri Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: The Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) on the Mumbai-Pune highway stretch in Pimpri Chinchwad will be disabled-friendly. Twelve of the bus stations will have ramp access with tactile blocks that will help both people on wheelchairs and the visually impaired.Each station will have a GPS-based voice-enabled passenger information system for the visually challenged, while 150 buses will have features such as level boarding/alighting at the stations and space for wheelchair docking.A Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) official said that of the 500 buses bought by the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) for Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad, 150 will have level boarding/ alighting.\"All the four BRTS routes- Pune-Mumbai highway,Aundh-Ravet Road, Kalewadi phata-Dehu Alandi road and Wakad-Nashik phata- will have easily accessible features,\" he said. Each bus would cost about Rs 27 lakh.The Institute for Transportation and Development Policy (ITDP) has been providing technical assistance to the civic body and the PMPML for BRT. Programme manager Nitin Warrier said, \"Access to public transport in Indian cities for people with physical disabilities has not been given much thought till recently with the implementation of BRTS.Janmarg in Ahmedabad is the first of such high-quality system in India to have incorporated the idea of accessible travel to differently-abled persons.\"Pimpri Chinchwad is also moving towards implementing a high-quality bus rapid transit system wherein ease of access has been the primary quotient for planning and designing the system.\"The ongoing construction of 12 BRT stations out of the planned 34, on the old Mumbai Pune road, is in consonance with providing easy accessibility to people with disabilities,\" said Warrier. In all, 90 BRT stations will be constructed on 45 km of corridor length on the four routes of the municipal corporation, covering large parts of the city.\"Entrance to the BRT stations, with a platform height of 860 mm, will give ramp access with tactile blocks,\"Warrier said. The civic body is procuring 150 buses with doors on both the sides and an internal floor height of 860mm.\"The doors on the right-hand side (two doors of 1,200 mm width each) will open directly to the station, which means that the floor height of the bus matches that of the station platform. This feature refers to level boarding alighting at stations. Each of these buses have space for wheelchair docking as well as a ring bracket and Velcro belt for securing crutches,\"Warrier added.Each station and bus will have a GPS-based voice-enabled passenger information system, he said. It will announce the arrival of the destinations apart from other security information such as keeping away from the doors and arrival time.\"Along with PCMC and PMPML, we have trained about 1,000 drivers over the past two months to ensure perfect docking at the BRT stations. This is being done to ensure that there is no gap between the bus floor and the station platform when the bus halts,\" he said.Provisions of high-quality, obstruction free, tree-shaded pedestrian paths, and safe crossings are part of the initiative. ITDP is a not-for-profit organization that promotes sustainable and equitable transportation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12401633", "title": "Growth-oriented budget presented in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh finance minister Chowna Mein on Saturday presented a Rs 218.05 crore deficit budget for the 2012-13 fiscal with neither any hike in taxes nor any introduction of new taxes. The thrust areas of the 'growth-oriented' budget placed in the assembly includes infrastructure development, employment generation, tourism and agriculture and its allied sectors.Though the annual plan outlay of the state has not been finalized by the Planning Commission (PC), the estimate of resources for financing the annual plan 2012-13 has been estimated at Rs 3342.36 crore, Mein said in his budget speech. \"The state government is proposing to project a much higher estimate of annual plan 2012-13 to the Planning Commission, which will be finalized only after the meeting of chief minister Nabam Tuki and deputy chairman of the Commission,\" Mein said.The budget has been prepared in consent with the Medium-Term Fiscal Plan (MTFP) of the state in accordance with the recommendations of the 13th Finance Commission and stipulated under the Arunachal Pradesh Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act 2006, Mein said. \"The budget estimates for 2012-13 show a receipt of Rs 6,525.81 crore under the consolidated fund of the sate. Of this, Rs 6,522.31 crore is on revenue account and the remaining 3.50 crore (excluding borrowing) is under capital account,\" he said.Mein said the total expenditure from the consolidated fund during 2012-13 under non-plan was estimated at Rs 2,880.76 crore, of which Rs 2,647.19 crore was on revenue account and Rs 233.57 crore on capital account. \"Under plan, it is estimated at Rs 4,192.86 crore, including Rs 850.36 crore under central schemes, of which an amount of 1556.62 crore is on revenue account and 2636.24 crore on capital account,\" he informed.Referring to the thrust areas, the minister informed that the state government was planning to create sufficient job opportunities for unemployed youths through development of hydro-power, tourism and information technology, besides creating self-employment avenues through development of agriculture, horticulture, tea, bamboo and rubber cultivation, handloom and handicrafts. \"We are formulating policies by constituting an appropriate body such as Arunachal Employment Generation Council (EGC) and Skills Development Council (SDC) and also the state will take full guidance and support from National Skill Development Fund,\" the finance minister disclosed.The government was contemplating to promote rubber plantation in the 12th plan period (2012-17) for self-sustenance of farmers and in the next five years 4,000 hectares would be covered under rubber plantation in addition to the existing 2,000 hectares, he said. \"The total cost of the project is about Rs 50 crore and as a beginning in 2012-13, we will cover 400 hectares at a cost of Rs 3 crore with support from the government in addition to the subsidy being provided by the rubber board,\" he said, adding that farmers could earn around Rs 2.5 lakh per hectare of rubber plantations.The other important aspects of the budget include enhancement of student stipends, achieving cent per cent literacy rate in the 12th plan period, establishment of cooperative societies for promoting agriculture and horticulture, health care facilities with introduction of chief minister's personal insurance scheme and enhancement of medical allowances to the tune of Rs 100 to Rs 200 per month for the state government pensioners.The budget also stressed on promotion of cultural heritage, sports, implementation of public private partnership (PPP) policy in various sectors, revamping of public distribution system (PDS) to provide food security to the people, introduction of Indira Gandhi National Widow Pension Scheme and Indira Gandhi National Disability Pension Scheme for below poverty line beneficiaries.The thrust areas of the 'growth-oriented' budget placed in the assembly includes infrastructure development, employment generation, tourism, agriculture and its allied sectors", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397456", "title": "PM tries to soothe Sri Lanka with letter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday sought to mollify Sri Lanka's hurt over India's joining US and other nations to censure the island republic for human rights violations, by stressing that Indian diplomats had actually helped temper down the criticism at UN's Human Rights Council .In a letter to Sri Lankan President Mahnda Rajapaksa, Singh said \"Your Excellency would be aware that we spared no effort and were successful in introducing an element of balance in the language of the resolution''. As part of the damage control move, Prime Minister also said that he had instructed Indian delegation to at the UNHRC to remain in close contact with its Sri Lanka counterparts ``in an attempt to find a positive way forward''.India had voted in favour of the resolution criticizing Sri Lanka even as other neighbouring countries like China, Pakistan and Bangladesh voted against it.Taking credit for the dilution of the US-initiated resolution, Singh said, `` ``I wish to assure Your Excellency that, going forward, we will continue our engagement with the shared objective of building a stable, secure and prosperous environment in Sri Lanka in which all communities can flourish and in which India-Sri Lanka rel Singh's letter comes against the backdrop of Sri Lanka's displeasure over India's vote. Its foreign minister G L Peiris had earlier called S M Krishna to request India to not vote against it in light of the strong ties between the 2 countries.Singh's letter also reveals that Rajapaksa too had written to him before the voting. ations can continue to grow from strength to strength,'' he added.As part of the placatory exercise, Singh recalled that India's support for Sri Lanka \"in its struggle against terrorism\" , and distanced itself from the criticism of the way Rajapaksa regime stamped out the challenge of LTTE insurgency. \"The end in may 2009 of a long and tragic conflict that had claimed numerous lives,l in Sri Lanka and in India, was something that we regarded as providing, at long last, an opportunity for genuine national reconciliation end for addressing the urgent needs of development and reconstruction of all citizens of Sri Lanka\".Singh also expressed India's wish for a continuing partnership with Sri Lanka to achieve a \"political solution that will address all outstanding issues, in particular the grievances of the Tamil community in Sri Lanka, in a spirit of understanding and mutual accommodation\".However, while seeking to assuage Rajapaksa over India becoming a party to US-sponsored criticism, Singh also reminded Rajapaksa of India's grouse that the Sri Lanka had not done enough for giving autonomy to Tamil -dominated northern and eastern regions of the country.\"It is our conviction that a meaningful devolution package, building upon the 13th Amendment, would lead towards a lasting political settlement on many of these issues and create conditions in which all citizens of Sri Lanka, irrespective of their ethnicity, can find justice, dignity, equality and self-respect,\" Singh said.Singh told Rajapaksa that he was happy to learn about his intention to continue the process of implementing the recommendations of the LLRC.\"Much important progress has been registered on this front and I wish to record my appreciation of the assistance your government has provided to various Indian agencies implementing projects of national significance on the ground in Sri Lanka,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12398656", "title": "How the young maharaja envisioned Mysore growth", "text": "It was on March 25, 1881, that Maharaja Chamaraja Wadiyar took charge to rule the state, which eventually shaped the city's future. It was on the same day that C Rangacharlu was appointed as the dewan of Mysore State. It was during 1880s that some kind of systematic improvement of the city was taken up, which eventually, gave it its brand value as the \"planned city\". As the city approaches 125th year of the rendition, Mysore sees the footprints of the maharaja who ruled it for 13 years.For the record, Lewin Bentham Bowring, who was the commissioner of Mysore during mid-1800, had noted that \"were it not for its being the seat of the Sovereign, (Mysore) would soon lose the factitious importance that it now possesses. The locality is feverish, and the want of an abundant supply of water is a great defect\".Mysore maharaja Mummadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar died on March 27, 1868, and the next day the proclamation announcing Chamaraja Wadiyar as the next ruler was issued. However, he was not installed on the throne till the next six months. On September 23, 1868, the prince, who was a minor, was coronated.The British officer penned this of the ceremony: \"The young maharaja, having undergone certain preliminary religious ceremonies in the morning, took up a position in a corner of an enclosure of the ground floor in the centre of the Palace, the Throne being placed near at hand and fronting the great entrance. Immediately on my arrival, he was conducted by myself and Major Elliot, the office in-charge of Palace duties, up the silver steps of the Throne, and on his taking seat... a royal salute was fired; he was pelted with a storm of flowers from every side.... The family priests then proceeded to pronounce benedictory prayers and offered to His Highness water from several sacred streams with other consecrated articles... In the afternoon, the young maharaja was placed on the Throne in the balcony of the upper story of the Palace in the sight of all the people, who thronged the outer square in great numbers.\"Since the maharaja was a minor then, the British were in charge of the administration. On March 8, 1881, he turned 18, and, as decided earlier, was invested with the power to rule the state. He formally got the ruling powers on March 25 when he assumed direct charge of the state. He ascended the throne at 7am. There were celebrations. \"Amidst universal good wishes and every demonstration of joy on the part of the people, the Maharaja Chamaraja Wadiyar was placed on the throne at Mysore, under a proclamation of the Viceroy and Governor-General of India in Council,\" notes historian C Hayavadana Rao in 'Mysore Gazetteer'.The young maharaja held a durbar at the palace on the same day when he issued a proclamation appointing legendary administrator Rangacharlu as the dewan of the state. \"For the conduct of the executive administration of the said territories under our command and control, we have resolved to appoint a Dewan,\" the proclamation stated, adding that Rangacharlu was appointed, given his ability and judgment to head the executive administration.Rangacharlu, though headed the administration for a short period of two years, made his mark with the constitution of Representative Assembly, the first-of-its-kind in the country, which allowed public a say in administration.Chamaraja Wadiyar focused on sanitation allocating Rs 27,15,221 to Mysore and Bangalore, commissioned drinking water projects, filled the moat surrounding the palace fort and developed a garden. In 10 years from 1881, the population increased by 18.34%, which is higher than in the surrounding provinces. Some other areas which received his priority were mining (geological survey for the complete examination and record of the mineral resources was set up), education (number of government and aided schools more than doubled), railway (257 miles of railway lines were built), health (the number of hospitals and dispensaries increased from 19 to 116).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12401949", "title": "A broken heart 'can kill you'", "text": "LONDON: A broken heart can kill you, says a new study which has found that grief makes people vulnerable to infections from bacteria.Researchers claim that the emotional stress of losing a loved one can lead to parts of the body's immune system being suppressed, thus in turn weakening one's ability to fight off infections, 'The Sunday Telegraph' reported.In fact, the researchers from Birmingham University have found that increased stress levels and depression brought on by grief can interfere with the function of a type of white blood cell known as neutrophils, which are responsible for fighting bacterial infections like pneumonia.The impact becomes more profound in older adults as, with age, they lose the ability to produce a hormone that can counteract this dampening affect, meaning even previously healthy elderly people can fall victim to disease following a bereavement, says the study.Professor Janet Lord, who led the research, said: \"There are a lot of anecdotes about couples who were married for 40 years when one of them passes away and then the other dies a few days later. It seems there is a biological basis for this.\"Rather than dying of a broken heart, however, they are dying of a broken immune system. They usually get infections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402968", "title": "Richa is homesick", "text": "After a brief visit to the US to visit her folks, actor Richa Gangopadhyay is all set to return to India.The actor, who celebrated her birthday recently with her family, is already feeling homesick. \"It's already nearing time for me to go back to India and it feels like I just got here yesterday! Will miss all the 'homely' things again,\" posted the actor on her micro blogging page. While on her trip to the US, Richa had a fun filled holiday with her family visiting Cancun in Mexico and swimming with the dolphins.Meanwhile, back in Hyderabad, Richa has been signed up to star opposite Prabhas in the Telugu flick, \"Vaaradhi\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397581", "title": "BJP and Congress grapple with rebellion in ranks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unhappy with the ticket selection done by the BJP's election committee, upset party workers staged a protest outside former BJP national president and in-charge of Delhi Venkaiah Naidu's residence on Saturday. While the core group of BJP held meetings at Naidu's residence to revise the final list of candidates for the civic polls, party workers shouted slogans against senior party leaders who were part of the election committee. Following several complaints against the committee members, party sources say, national BJP president Nitin Gadkari has taken charge of the selection process. Gadkari, along with national BJP general secretary Dharmendra Pradhan , started the process of finalising the list on Saturday evening. Angry party workers blocked the main entrance of Naidu's residence on Saturday. Delhi Police had to go for additional deployment to manage the crowd. Upset with the committee's selection process, party workers were demanding a fresh scrutiny of the lists sent by the various districts and mandals. \"I have been working in the mandal for years now. My name was recommended both by the mandal and district. Still, the committee is considering an outsider for the Okhla seat,'' said Anjum Khan, a BJP worker.On Saturday, west zone mandal president Vikas Tyagi, along with other party workers, forwarded his resignation to Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta. So far, four party workers, including two mandal presidents, have resigned. Party workers are protesting against the candidates projected by VK Malhotra, leader of the opposition in Delhi Assembly, and Vijay Sharma, organizing secretary of Delhi BJP and member of election committee. \"Genuine party workers are not being considered for a ticket as members of the election committee are pitching for their favourites. In several wards, the election committee has finalized the names of outsiders,' said a senior BJP leader. The anger among workers is bad news for the BJP which is the ruling dispensation in the current MCD . The party is already fighting anti-incumbency and lack of faith among party workers may damage its chances on the ground as dissidence is likely to erupt. According to party sources, the election committee members are also upset with Malhotra and Sharma.\"The final list is being prepared by Gadkari. Apart from the list of candidates finalized by the core group, he is also considering the list sent by mandals and districts,'' said a senior BJP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12397711", "title": "Summer yachting training from April 10", "text": "KOCHI: A training camp for sailing enthusiasts, Summer Yachting Training 2012, will be held at Sacred Heart College, Thevara, from April 10-30. The camp will be organized by the Kerala Water Sports and Sailing Organization (KSWO).Around 300 people will be given training in the summer camp. After a three-tier selection process, 20 will be shortlisted for participating in the National Inland Enterprise Championship conducted by National Defence Academy, Pune. If qualified further, they can participate in the National Games 2012.For details, contact 9895144065, 9846931780; website: www.keralawatersports.org; email: info@keralawatersports.org", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12397839", "title": "Don\u2019t tax power from gensets: Industry", "text": "COIMBATORE: Industry captains in Coimbatore have requested the state government to withdraw a tax that will be levied from April 1 on companies producing power on their own through diesel generators. The state government's decision to impose the tax - 10 paise per unit -- has come as a shocker to HT consumers, who are already forced to work only 48 hours in an entire week.In a letter to the chief minister, Codissia president M Kandhaswami has said that tax on generating electricity has added to the misfortunes of the industry, which has already been crippled by power cuts. \"The industry has been asking for a discount on VAT on diesel and other subsidies so that they can run their machines on gen sets, thus providing some relief to the grid. However, without encouraging the industry to run on captive power, this step of TANGEDCO to charge tax on generating electricity will discourage industries,\" said Mahendra Ramdass, president, Tamil Nadu Electricity Consumers Association.The industry is reeling under outages and power holidays have only added to the trouble. There is a shortfall of 4000MW across the state and companies are unable to source power from private third parties as the grid is incapable of transmitting this power. In these circumstances, the tax on electricity generation has only added insult to injury.The tax on electricity generation has existed for a while but was suspended during the power crisis in the state. Now, the tax will be collected by TANGEDCO instead of the electrical inspectorate. Meanwhile, TANGEDCO has asked all consumers to install energy meters and other equipment required to check the units run on gen sets before March 31.The industry are already suffering from high cost of running gen set and have to manage the work force in very few working days. Consequently, there has been a huge loss in the number of orders and has led the customers to move away from Tamil Nadu.\"The decision to pay tax for generating electricity from gensets would cripple the industries further,\" said RR Ranghanathen, president, Southern India Engineering Manufactures Association. \"Ever since the power cuts, we have been demanding subsidies on diesel to operate the industries. This would have helped TANGEDCO to reduce the pressure on the grid. However, the present announcement has not only come as a shock but would also hit the industries severely,\" he added.\"Many small industries are now getting the gensets despite the rates and the higher costs that they would have to incur. But the announcement would surely hit many entrepreneurs, who are planning to purchase the gensets to save their business. Government should support the industry by providing some concession and subsidies when increasing the rates,\" said A Suresh Kumar, secretary, Small Scale Industrial Entrepreneurs Association. He pointed out that industries incur huge costs in operating the units on gensets. \"If we use gensets, per unit costs between Rs 15 to Rs 20; thereby, we spend Rs 5,000 a day to run the unit,\" said K Ramesh, who manufacturing automobiles parts in Ganapathy. \"At a time like this, when we have several orders to finish and deliver, the government's announcement would lead to severe loss for the industries,\" he complained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399102", "title": "Who allowed polio to come back?", "text": "Should we be talking about replacing the oral drops currently being used with the injectable polio vaccine? A recent case would seem to suggest soFor 24 long years, India battled a scourge that left thousands of its children maimed. For 17 years, voluntary organisations and celebrities campaigned against a disease that wasted the muscles. Then finally, on January 13, 2011, polio was wiped out from India.But we're not out of the woods yet. The detection , recently, of a five-month-old child from Murshidabad with vaccine derived polio virus (VDPV) after having taken the oral polio vaccine (OPV) has dampened the earlier euphoria. Was the government's usage of only OPV enough or should a double-pronged move - also using inactivated poliovirus vaccine (IPV), which is injected - have been adopted?The wild poliovirus can be combated either with oral or injectable vaccines. In a country with a large population over a vast swath of land, OPV was perhaps the need of the hour since it's easy to administer, unlike injectables which need trained personnel.But OPV has its drawbacks. Dr T Jacob John, former head of clinical virology, Christian Medical College, Vellore, says, \"It has live but weakened virus, so the danger of vaccine-associated paralytic polio (VAPP) rearing its head was always there. Secondly, the virus can mutate and become VDPV, like what happened in West Bengal , and lead to outbreaks. IPV doesn't carry those risks, since the virus is dead and cannot spread.\"But India decided to tackle polio only with OPV. \"It's unethical that people contract polio through OPV when it can be completely prevented using IPV.\"Dr Panna Choudhury, former president of the Indian Academy of Paediatrics, too says that while OPV carries little risk - one in a million - can we actually take that risk? \"After all, that one child will be permanently maimed.\"The Global Polio Eradication Initiative was launched in 1988 with Rotary International (RI). Raja Saboo, former president of RI, says the fact that the recent case was detected shows surveillance is good. \"In future, global bodies should consider IPV.\"But can India afford IPV at about Rs 360 a dose? \"If India were to buy 100 million doses a year, manufacturers would reduce prices,\" says John.According to WHO, a nation cannot be declared polio-free unless there are no fresh cases for three consecutive years. So by 2014, the government should have a clear roadmap. Anuradha Gupta, additional secretary in the health ministry, says India's strategy will also depend on other countries . \"Some countries - Pakistan, Afghanistan, Nigeria and Chad - still have polio, so we have to be careful.\" She ruled out IPV \"due to technical and logistical reasons.\"But it's not an impossible task. While developed countries have gone the IPV way, even Malaysia, South Africa and Mexico are using it. Choudhury suggests IPV be started in states with high immunisation coverage, such as Kerala and Tamil Nadu. \"This will give experience for other states to follow suit.\" After all, polio anywhere is a danger everywhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12399057", "title": "Girl gangraped, one accused identified", "text": "KANPUR: A Class XI student was allegedly kidnapped and raped by three men under the jurisdiction of Cantt police station on Saturday.Police have identified one of the accused as Rajiv while the hunt is on to nab his other two accomplices.Police said the 17-year-old girl, a resident of Maikupurwa in Cantt area, had gone missing under mysterious circumstances from her house on Saturday prompting her parents to lodge a police complaint.Later, the girl reached home and narrated the incident to her parents, who apprised the Cantt police about the incident.\"The girl said she was raped by three youths, including one Rajiv. We have launched a manhunt to nab the other accused who are still at large,\" said a police officer of Cantt police station. Police have conducted the medical examination of the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12398958", "title": "Off to school in nappies", "text": "You're never too old to start learning; neither are you too young. A nursery school in Bangalore is ready to catch the little ones really young - just six weeks old -- and educate them.What was once a part of the British system is now entering the Indian education space as well. Tiny Town, the new nursery school that opened shop in Whitefield, follows a British curriculum and has two branches in the UK - one in Warwickshire and the other in Coventry.\"We have 11 babies in the UK who are between 6 weeks and 9 weeks. There are many 6-month-olds. It may sound strange to Indian parents, but it's normal in the British system to have babies in nurseries so young,\" said Raj Kohli, director of the Bangalore branch.The nursery, which started in mid-February, has around 10 students enrolled and two attending classes now. The youngest enrolled so far are two nine-month-old babies. The school follows the Early Years' Foundation Stage for different age groups.There are specific activities even for six-week-old babies, that help develop the senses and stimulate the brain. \"We speak to parents initially to understand the routine of the child, like sleeping and feeding time. We play with them and sing to them. There are activities like introducing them to different textures, or playing with water. We prepare them for the coming stages of life,\" Raj said.The school provides computer education at two-and-a-half years, when they learn how to move the mouse. The school, which has a sensory room, helps them \"learn naturally, predominantly through play and development of senses\", and has a pupil-teacher ratio of 1:3 for the under two-year-olds. They also teach the children a language after taking the consent of the parents.The group will soon start schools in Gurgaon, Chennai and Pune. \"We chose Bangalore as the first centre as it's the IT hub. There are many expats living here. In fact, we are planning a branch in Electronic City,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12401273", "title": "Anna Hazare on fast, attacks 'deaf and dumb' government", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anna Hazare on Sunday returned to his favourite mode of protest -- hunger strike -- in Delhi after his flop show in Mumbai three months ago, this time protesting against the \"deaf and dumb\" government which is \"not doing anything\" to protect whistleblowers fighting corruption.Hazare, after his usual visit to Rajghat before any such protest in Delhi, came to the capital's dharna hotspot Jantar Mantar at around 11am to loud cheers from tricolour-wielding anti-corruption supporters and chants of 'Vande Mataram' and 'Bharat Mata ki Jai'.He is fasting to demand justice for slain IPS officer Narendra Kumar and a strong law to protect whistleblowers.Family members of some of the whistleblowers who were killed while fighting corruption, including that of IPS officer Narendra Kumar murdered allegedly by mining mafia in Madhya Pradesh, were also present.Before starting his fast, Hazare said many people have sacrificed their lives while fighting corruption and the government has not conducted any probe despite some incidents which happened three years ago.\"Their (whistleblowers') mothers, their children, their fathers, their wives are crying for justice. But this government has gone dumb and deaf. It is not listening to the cries of people.\"There will be a big struggle. Then the government will listen. The government came up with MNREGA but these people were killed for trying to improve it,\" Hazare told reporters.His return to staging protests comes after the Congress performed poorly in the recent assembly polls.This will be the first hunger strike undertaken by 74-year-old Hazare after he called off his three-day fast for a strong Lokpal Bill in Mumbai last December owing to failing health and poor response. This is the fifth time he is sitting on a fast in the past one year, of which four of them have been in Delhi.Former Karnataka Lokayukta and Team Anna member Santosh Hegde, who had expressed some reservations with regard to the Team recently, was present along with other members like Shanti Bhushan, Arvind Kejriwal , Kiran Bedi and Manish Sisodia\"Hazare has invited several families to be a part of one-day fast for a stronger whistleblower protection mechanism under the Jan Lokpal Bill,\" a Team Anna member said.Setting the stage for Hazare's fast, Team Anna has put the blame on the ruling Congress for \"sabotaging\" the Jan Lokpal Bill, marking a departure from its stand of not targeting a single party.At least 15 people, who tried to blow the lid on scams or fought the menace of corruption in other ways, have been killed since 2010, according to Team Anna.These killings have brought to fore the need for a strong whistleblowers' protection system, under control of Jan Lokpal and Jan Lokayukta, it has said.Attacking the Congress, it has alleged, \"The country knows it well that the Congress sabotaged the Jan Lokpal Bill meant to bring culprits to book in a speedy manner. If the Jan Lokpal would have been implemented, justice would not have remained elusive.\"During the Assembly elections, Team Anna had campaigned for a strong Lokpal though it had not named any single party. However, Congress leaders had claimed that the tone and tenor of their campaign was anti-Congress.Team Anna said while the Jan Lokpal ensure security to the whistle blowers, the proposed bill on the issue floated by the UPA government is \"inadequate and gives the responsibilities without powers to CVC\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12399404", "title": "M S University loses 31,080 sq ft land in Padra", "text": "VADODARA: M S University has lost as much as 31,080 square feet land in Padra. An RTI application has revealed that a resident of Padra had earmarked 28.54 'guntha' of land at Padra for donation to MSU way back in 1987. However, it has now transpired that a residential society has come up on this land.Curiously, MSU has no records about this land earmarked for it. The 'satbara' document collected through RTI application mentions that the land is for the purpose of donation to MSU and the collector's office has also given clearance for the same. TOI has the copies of these documents.A resident of Padra Kamlesh Shah had filed an RTI application seeking details of survey number 82 from talati of Padra on January 24, this year. As per the documents given to Shah under RTI, the form 6 (Hak Patrak) mentions that a farmer Bipinchandra Ambalal Patel had earmarked this land for donation to MSU. These documents including the satbara and the form 6, further mention that the land should not be utilized for any other purpose except for academic activities, for college compound and college ground.In its reply to the RTI applicant, the talati has mentioned that as per revenue records the survey number 82 is still an agriculture land which has not been converted into a non-agriculture land. It further mentions that a residential colony by the name of Vrjadham Society developed by Shreenathji Developers has come up on the land without necessary permission. The society has around 20 houses constructed on the land, the reply states. Interestingly, sources suggest that this society constructed on survey number 82 is right opposite the main entrance gate of M K Amin Arts &amp; Science College and College of Commerce, Padra, a constituent college of MSU.MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh, who also received the documents on Friday, told TOI on Saturday that he is personally looking into the matter.\"As soon as we received the documents, we have begun investigation into the matter. Since the documents are in our possession now, we will take all measures to ensure that the land earmarked for the university remains with us. We are trying to ascertain all the facts for which I will be visiting the location,\" Singh said.Ironically, university engineer N K Ojha said the university has no records that suggest that the land has been donated to it.\"I have sent my note to the legal department to investigate the matter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12405918", "title": "Bihar officials to make presentation for special status demand", "text": "PATNA: For accordance of special category status to Bhar, an officials' delegation headed by the chief secretary Naveen Kumar will make a presentation at to an inter-ministerial group in New Delhi tomorrow.On chief minister Nitish Kumar's direction, the delegation comprising the chief secretary, principal pecretary (planning and development), finance commissioner Rameshwar Prasad Singh and the CM's secretary Chanchal Kumar will take part in a meeting with the inter-ministerial group headed by Planning Commission member Sudha Pillai at New Delhi tomorrow to put forth Bihar's case, an official statement said today.The officials will seek to impress upon the Centre to confer special status in view of a host of factors like frequent floods and lack of resources constraining development activities in Bihar, it said.The officials will also apprise the Centre that Bihar has not been fully compensated for revenues losses due to bifurcation of the state over a decade ago and urged the inter-ministerial group for special assistance and special status for development of the state.The other issues like vast opportunities for development in agriculture and industrial sectors in Bihar will be put forth before the Centre to provide special benefits to tide over economic backwardness and reduce poverty in the state, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12403165", "title": "Posco likely to start work on Rs 52,000 crore steel plant in July", "text": "NEW DELHI: South Korean steel major Posco may begin work on its Rs 52,000 crore steel mill in Odisha in July, as the state government likely to hand over 2,700 acres to it by June.\"The Odisha government would start land acquisition work next month and is likely to hand over 2,700 acres of land to Posco by June in the wake of discussions Prime Minister's Office,\" sources told PTI.The development follows Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's office reviewing with the Odisha government the progress of long pending 12 million tonne (MT) steel plant in the state.Singh is on a visit to South Korea where he is scheduled to hold bilateral talks with South Korean President Lee Myung- bak. The project is expected to figure in the discussions.The steel plant, proposed at Jagatsinghpur district in Odisha, is hanging fire for over six years due to land acquisition hurdles. Sources said Posco is in the possession of 500 acres. It requires 4,004 acres for the 12-MTPA-capacity plant. The state government so far has acquired about 2,000 acres.When contacted, a Posco official said once the state government transfers 2,700 acres to it, the company will go ahead with 4-MTPA capacity initially and augment it as and when the required land is available.Officials of the Odisha government are understood to have told the PMO that Posco should at least begin work on the land already acquired for the project.The PMO is learnt to have asked from the state officials as to why the memorandum of understanding (MoU), expired more than a year ago, has not been renewed.The issue has been raised twice in past by South Korean President Myung-bak with President Pratibha Patil and Prime Minister Singh.Posco is yet to initiate any work at the proposed site due to opposition from the locals and activists against land acquisition. Besides, the environmental clearance for the project was also stuck for few years, before being given go- ahead early last year, with certain conditions.Last week, Kumar had said that the government has taken the decision to form an expert group to revisit the methodology for estimating poverty in a manner that is consistent with current reality.He had added that the government had taken this decision in December last year.According to the methodology recommended by the Tendulkar Committee for estimation of poverty, besides calorie intake, the spend on health and education is also factored in.As per the Commission's estimates, the poverty ratio has been pegged at 29.8 per cent in 2009-10, down from 37.2 per cent in 2004-05. These are based on the daily per-capita consumption of Rs 28.65 in cities and Rs 22.42 in rural areas.According to the Commission's latest finding, the total number of poor in the country has been estimated at 34.47 crore in 2009-10, as against 40.72 crore in 2004-05.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12401086", "title": "100 kg burger prepared for Guinness Book records", "text": "INDORE: In an attempt to enter the Guinness Book of World Records , a group of city-based people will put a 100 kg burger for public display on Sunday. City residents will participate in an eating contest, in which 100 candidates will be given 120 seconds to eat 1 kg burger each. Selected five candidates will have another round of eating competition. Winner of the competition will awarded exciting holiday package and gifts, said organizers of the contest.\"It will be first of its kind event of the city. Thousands of people had registered to take part in the event. About 100 contestants have been short-listed for the competition,\" said Manish Vaswani and Subrat Kar, organiser and members of Zootout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "sivaganga", "code": "12398983", "title": "One killed in bull taming event in Sivaganga", "text": "SIVAGANGA: A 50-year-old man was killed in 'kattu maadu vilayattu', a variant of jallikattu in Thirupathur near Sivaganga on Friday.Uchiveeran, the victim, was admitted in the government hospital in Madurai but succumbed to his injuries on Friday night. This is the second death in Sivaganga district, while more than 100 have been injured in the eight jallikattu events held so far this year.In the past, jallikattu or manju virattu events used to be held in about 200 villages, but this number has come down due to government restrictions and stringent guidelines laid down by the Supreme Court. Unlike jallikattu where the bulls are let into the arena one by one, in kattu maadu vilayattu, a number of bulls are let into the grounds and youth run behind them in an attempt to hold on to the hump of the bulls.At the event organised jointly by five villages at Nedumaram in view of the Arulmigu Malayarasi Amman Temple festival, 300 odd bulls were let into the grounds spanning a little over one square kilometre. Twenty persons including Uchiveeran (50) of Boothamangalam near Melur in Madurai district, were injured when they were hit by the bulls. Though the event failed to conform to the Supreme Court guidelines and was held in violation of the Tamil Nadu Regulation of Jallikattu Act 2009, villagers contended that it was not jallikattu but a ritual. The villagers had also obtained permission for conducting jallikattu and all arrangements were made at a different location few kilometres away from where this event was held. As many as eight bulls and seven participants had registered with the district administration officials and Animal Welfare Board of India for conducting the event. \"They did this without informing us. By the time we learnt that the bulls were being let into the ground, things went out of hand. We will take appropriate action,'' said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399276", "title": "Jewellers rally against taxes", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 25,000 traders, jewellers and artisans employed by the bullion industry participated in a massive dharna at Azad Maidan in protest against the excise duty, import tax and customer tax introduced in Budget 2012. Jewellery stores across the country have been observing a complete shutdown since March 17, the day after the announcement.Under the new provisions, customers who wish to pay for jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh in cash will have to furnish their PAN card as well as their name and address for government records. They will also end up paying tax to the tune of Rs 4,000 per tola (10 gm).Meanwhile, jewellers have been brought under the ambit of the Excise Raj. All these conditions imposed in Budget 2012 have caused turmoil within the gold trade.\"We live in dread of the Inspector Raj because officials extort money from store owners under any pretext,\" said a member of the jewellers' federation. \"In fact, we have requested the government to charge the extra levy as any other tax, but it is unwilling to do so. Excise duty will spawn a new era of corruption.\"Smuggling could gain a foothold once again. \"After the rise in import duty, it becomes cheaper to buy gold from countries like Dubai where the commodity is tax free. The industry will be decimated. We will lose our artisans and our 5,000-year-old heritage of gold craftsmanship at this rate,\" said former councillor Puran Doshi, a trader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12403743", "title": "2 seven-year-old girls help nab alleged child abductor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two seven-year-old girls helped arrest an alleged child kidnapper from outside their school in Madhavpura area of the city, police said today.The incident took place yesterday. The girls, who arrived at the school with their fathers, pointed out a man who they said had been offering them sweets for the past few days.The two parents then caught the man, who tried to escape, but passers-by came to the help, and he was handed over to the police.\"The alertness of Neha Palival and Shirali Chavda, both studying in class three of H B Kapadia school, helped us arrest Dhiraj Vaghela who is suspected to be a child kidnapper,\" police inspector Shaktisinh Parmar said.He said the 40-year-old Vaghela had been approaching the girls for the past few days outside the school, and trying to entice them by offering chocolates and ice-cream.Talking to mediapersons, Nisha and Shirali said the man had also taken their pictures using mobile phone, and would tell them that their school was not good, he would take them to a better school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12397557", "title": "Indo-Islamic motifs in art &amp; architecture", "text": "Although Muslim Arabs had maintained trade links established by their pagan ancestors on the southern coast of India, the cultural interaction was understandably limited with initial influence restricted to but a few settlements along the coast. The first major contact between India and the Arab world occurred with annexation of Sind by the Umayyad Caliphate in 711. This 'arrival' of Islam in India brought a nascent Muslim culture in direct contact with one of the oldest civilizations of the world. After a preliminary period of polarization, there began a slow but inevitable exchange of ideas and beliefs that impacted both cultures, bringing about perceptible changes in both. Although obscure, the process of interaction eventually led to the evolution of the religious and cultural traditions which define modern India.In spite of the fact that Sind was no more than a mere outpost of the Caliphate, it served as the primary conduit through which the ancient scientific knowledge of India along with its philosophy and culture were transmitted to the Arab world. Later developments saw permanent settlement of Muslims in the country which was made absolute with the establishment of the Delhi Sultanate at the beginning of the 13th century. Inevitably, over succeeding centuries of exchange and cross-fertilisation, the cultural canvas of India underwent a gradual transformation. An unbiased study of medieval Indian culture testifies to the extent of cultural synthesis achieved in the sub-continent, a fact abundantly evident in its numerous manifestations.It has been a repeated trait of succeeding cultures to absorb the symbols and icons of earlier regimes in a quest to gain ready acceptance and establish credibility through a claim of inheritance. Very often the changed ownership results in a recasting of the original, subjecting it to a diametrically opposite interpretation which over time gains wide acceptability. Apart from the pentacle (five pointed star) which remains the most used symbol in both Islamic and Christian art, a number of very potent symbols which have been in use for centuries, continue to evoke very strong emotional reactions. The Swastik, for example, represents aspects of creation and motion in Hindu iconography. In its international manifestation, it gained notoriety as the hated symbol of the Nazis. Its Persian avatar recurs frequently as the intentional focus in artistic renditions even in mosques in present day Iran. The six pointed hexagram, today identified predominantly as the Jewish 'Star of David', has been used by different cultures since earliest recorded history. In India it has been a revered symbol in Mughal art and architecture and is also found extensively in Jaina and Hindu graphics and illustrations.Indo-Islamic art has absorbed all these symbols into its own imagery along with adding a lot more from the extensive Indian repertoire. The lotus, a prime symbol of creation, has been the favoured embellishment for the springing of domes, especially in the Deccan. The Pada of Hindu temples has found ready acceptance in base decorations of minarets in quite a few Indian mosques. The Puranakalasa depicted by an overflowing flowerpot, considered a symbol of fertility and potency, was frequently used in temples and stupas of India before being introduced into the Mughal repertoire during the reign of Akbar. There is also a probability that morphed with the Kalapalata, the creeper or tree representing imagination and creativity, the Puranakalasa evolved into the Guldasta, much favoured in 17th century Islamic art both in India and, through cultural exchange, in monuments of Isfahan in Iran and other Islamic centers.Even while the quest for a suitable idiom continued, Islamic art and architecture in India drew on its founding principles which had evolved out of a need to convey the inherent qualities of the Islamic faith to a culturally superior subject population. Where early Islamic artistic expression relied heavily on geometric patterns to explain the theory of tawhid through multiple renditions of diverse patterns brought together to form the larger image, later renditions undertaken in a more permissive atmosphere tended to include stylized representations of life forms. By the time of the interface in India, Islamic art had developed along two distinct lines; religious application continued to avoid the depiction of life forms while secular renditions freely borrowed from local imagery. Clear depiction of life forms including human figures, especially in paintings, sculpture and architectural renditions, in non religious art and architecture were soon in wide use.In the Indian context, Islamic art brought in a rich heritage of geometric design, interplay of light and shade and refined technological skills lending dynamism to architectural rendition. When mingled with the Indian tradition of botanical ornamentation with its intricate renditions of flowers, leaves, stylized foliage along with other life forms symbolizing the essential aspects of divine persona, the resultant was like nothing seen outside of India.(This is the second and last part of a two-part series. The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12397789", "title": "'Union government has time to continue reforms'", "text": "KOCHI: The Union government has ample time till the next election to go with the reforms agenda, provided that the coalition parties are taken into confidence, said Ashok B Desai, chairman of Corporate Catalyst India. He was giving a lecture on the Union Budget, conducted by the Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) in Kochi on Saturday.Desai explained the economic conditions of pre-liberalization and the factors that led to liberalization. He also discussed the policy changes which altered the future of the Indian economy and those which forced the finance minister and commerce minister to liberalize the economy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12397902", "title": "Protest march to be held in city today", "text": "GURGAON: Over 100 Gurgaoniites are expected to take part in a protest march on Sunday evening between 4.30pm and 7pm to express their anger against the collapse of law and order in the city which led to the gang-rape of a 23-year-old mother on March 12.The participants will walk from Tau Devi Lal stadium near Rajiv Chowk to the deputy commissioner's home on Civil Lines to express their displeasure. They have also created a facebook account , 'Let's walk Gurgaon and TOI for AAP (Awareness. Action. Prevention)' - and a huge number of people have shown interest in joining the march, which is being organized by a team consisting of NGOs, hobby groups, and citizens groups other than locals.\"We will meet the deputy commissioner and seek time from him to submit a petition by Jagori (an NGO working on women's safety). The petition is being signed and would be submitted to the DC soon. The idea to hold such protest march is to ensure that such issues should not fizzle out and also that people are made aware of what is happening,\" explained Sehba Imam, founder of hobby group Let's Walk and a script writer by profession. She added that people could join in the protest while it is taking place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "machilipatnam", "code": "12397475", "title": "Class II student crushed under school bus wheels", "text": "MACHILIPATNAM: A six-year-old boy was mowed down by his school bus here on Saturday. The boy, who was severely injured, died while being taken to a super-specialty hospital at Vijayawada. Enraged over the death of the child, relatives and locales attacked the school and damaged the furniture.According to sources, the incident took place when Sai Jagadeesh, a class-II student at Sri Chaitanya Techno School, was getting down from the bus. The bus driver, without ensuring that the child had alighted and entered the school campus, moved the bus forward crushing Sai under the wheels. The driver stopped the bus after other students and teachers began shouting. The boy was rushed to the local government hospital by the school officials.Parents and family members rushed to the hospital where the doctors suggested that the child be taken to Vijayawada as his condition was critical. But, the child breathed his last before he could reach Vijayawada. The incident created unrest in the court complex area where the boy's family resides.The locals rushed to the school and began protesting. Police reached the spot and brought the situation under control.The agitators demanded that the school be de-recognised and that the police book a case against the management. Police booked a case against the bus driver under IPC Section 304 (a) for causing death by negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12398214", "title": "Industries' body petitions Pranab to aid Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Goa chamber of commerce and industry (GCCI) has urged Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee to give special consideration to Goa's tourism sector so that it could effectively compete with other global destinations in the world.During an interaction with the Union finance minister at a function organized by FICCI (federation of Indian chambers of commerce and industry) in New Delhi on Saturday, GCCI president Manguirish Pai Raikar said that Goa did not get any mention in the Union budget, 2012, earlier this month.He further requested Mukherjee to consider giving some incentives to Goa which would give a fillip to its tourism sector.Specifically, Pai Raikar stressed on the need to create better infrastructure in the state to be on par with other global destinations.Pai Raikar also said that in view of the golden jubilee of Goa's liberation, GCCI had demanded a special grant of ` 1,000 crore to Goa for a sewage and garbage treatment plant and also for setting up an international-level convention centre in the state.GCCI vice president Sandip Bhandare requested the Union finance minister for re-introduction of exemption under 80IB of income tax and also exemption similar to 10B. Pai Raikar also submitted a copy o the memorandum to the Union finance minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12397693", "title": "Task force chief to probe 15 killings", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Retired Supreme Court judge, Justice H S Bedi, who has been asked to probe allegations of fake encounters in Gujarat , will investigate 15 alleged fake encounter cases. Justice Bedi held a meeting with top cops and home department officials on Saturday.Justice Bedi has been asked by the Supreme Court to head the special task force (STF) on fake encounters following two PILs filed by journalist B G Verghese and lyricist Javed Akhtar. The petitions were filed in 2007 after three IPS officers were arrested in connection with the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.In a meeting that lasted for three hours at Gandhinagar circuit house, Justice Bedi discussed the status of 15 cases and their documents. Apart from the encounter cases, the issues of staff members and office space allocation were also discussed. The state government will provide the office space to STF within 15 days, sources said.The meeting was attended by in-charge director general of police (DGP) Chittranjan Singh and inspector general of police (IGP) A K Sharma along with home department officials. Sharma is part of STF along with four other IPS officers - D J Patel, D R Patel, R V Asari and Sandeep Singh.Sources said STF may demand officers from the rank of deputy superintendant of police (DySP) as investigating officers. Justice Bedi may even change the formation of STF as the Supreme Court has granted liberty to him to include officials of his choice.The state government constituted the STF in 2010 to stop the Ishrat Jahan encounter case from being handed over to the CBI. However, the high court did not accept the state government's proposal to hand over the probe to STF.The high court also did not give the Sadiq Jamal encounter case investigation to the STF. In both cases, family members of the accused had opposed an STF probe.By the time the Supreme Court ordered STF to probe 17 encounters that happened between 2003 and 2006, two of them were already handed over to the CBI by the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12399214", "title": "China\u2019s ruling party denies rumours of another purge", "text": "BEIJING: The ruling Chinese Communist Party (CCP) on Saturday tried to quash rumours about another purge from the party, as official TV showed public security head Zhou Yongkang , widely suspected to have been sacked following Chongqing city head Bo Xilai's removal.Chinese websites including Weibo were agog with the speculation that Zhou had been asked to quit the powerful politburo standing committee (PSC) for lobbying to save his protege , Bo, a member of the party politburo and tipped for promotion to the next rung.The PSC is due to elect a replacement to president Hu Jintao later this year.Bo was sacked after his deputy, Wang Lijun, had reportedly sought asylum in the US. He had earlier fallen out with Wang and sacked him as Chongqing's police chief a month earlier. Bo's whereabouts are unknown. Online reports claim Wang was taping Bo's phone conversations with the party's central leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397610", "title": "Modern touch gives historic monuments a weird look", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ancient they could be, but the heritage monuments in the city have donned a rather eerie \"modern\" look in the recent past. With archaeology department employing the most inexperienced of people to work on the most important of projects, the monuments and sites that could have been windows to the past are now reduced to modified, painted over buildings that bear little trace of the history they represent. From choosing public works department (PWD) engineers over conservation architects, to roping in people with little experience in archaeological documentation to work on digitising the most ancient of monuments and excavation sites, the department in the past few years seems have committed a series of 'mistakes' which according to city based heritage lovers reflect, above all, a lack of planning and commitment.While the department brought out a 70-page booklet a few months ago mapping their work done in the past four years, many 'achievements' featured in it were widely criticized by heritage activists. For starters, the much-hyped project of digitising the monuments and excavation sites outsourced to Complete Business Solutions, a city-based company has drawn flak for not yielding results even two years after its commencement. Also, the department's conservation and renovation activities at Seven Tombs, Taramati Baradari and Koti Women's College among many others were in the firing line for being unscientific.Started with an initial estimation of Rs 1 crore, the digitisation project which includes photographing, video recording and documentation of heritage monuments scattered across the state, now requires funds worth Rs 8 crore for its completion. The state government has slapped a show cause notice on the department demanding an explanation on why a contract for over Rs 6 crore was signed when the project was meant to be completed with just Rs 1 crore. But the department's unjustified allocation of funds and haphazard acts of conservation does not stop with the most featured and discussed about project of digitization alone. Of the many unscientific restoration projects that the department has 'sealed' over time is also the magnificent Seven Tombs in the city. Taken up in 2010, this Rs 4 crore (approx) project ended in a mess, thanks to the department's move to rope in a road contractor for the job.\"It is obvious that the project was outsourced to the contractor because he had 'connections' in the state department. Since only small repair works were done at the tombs, it is possible that a chunk of funds allocated for the project were siphoned off by the department's officials,\" alleged a heritage expert who had vehemently protested the selection of the contractor then.Restoration work at Taramati Baradari was also carried out by a group of workers with little knowledge of heritage, experts said. In fact, there was not even a conservation architect to oversee the project. Even the committee, which was constituted just three months ago comprising senior officials of the department is supposedly scrutinizing every request for funds that comes from contractors, heritage activists from the city, rues that the department has got the basics of the conservation activity wrong. Most of the excavation and renovation work started by the department which is supposed to follow a scientific procedure of enquiry is done by inexperienced PWD engineers as against conservation architects. \"The PWD was brought into picture four years ago when the department was unable to complete some works on time. But most of the works which are carried out using funds from the 12th finance commission are still being done by PWD,\" said a government official in the know of things.One of the monuments which have suffered under the PWD invasion is Koti Women's College. \"It is not just another building that can be plastered by regular engineers. Such slackness on the part of the concerned authorities is appalling,\" said historian Narender Luther, one among the many heritage experts who had raised their voice against the move. While officials at the department of archaeology maintain that they are short staffed to conduct well studied conservation activities, heritage experts refuse to buy this excuse. \"If it is not possible for the department to engage its own employees in major conservation and restoration projects, they should at least deploy staffers with technical knowledge to oversee the works. Leaving it to regular contactors to handle it is not the right thing to do,\" said senior INTACH member Sajjad Shahid.The claim is, however, rubbished by P Chenna Reddy, director of the department. While he admits that a chunk of heritage projects are handled by PWD, Reddy maintains that they are all overseen by his technical team of officers. \"We have arrangements with PWD and they have done a lot of work for us. But then, all those assignments were supervised by in-house conservation experts,\" the director said.Experts clearly aren't convinced and hint that most such state archeology-PWD tie ups reek of corruption. That the department, in gross violation of the rulebook, has never maintained a standard schedule of rates and specifications (cost of specific projects and other details) only strengthens the argument, they say adding how constructive criticism too is not welcomed by the archeology bosses. \"It is astounding to see that the department is still caught up in the same old ways of running things. They do not appreciate people questioning their way of functioning,\" rued conservation architect Vasanta Shobha Turaga who has been crying foul over this unethical 'outsourcing' of work for a long time.(This is the second in a series of reports that would explore all that the state archaeology department has ignored)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12397834", "title": "City Corporation Council passes budget, ward funds hiked", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city corporation council unanimously passed the budget 2012-2013 on Saturday with minor modifications after the two-days of discussions.The ward development fund will be hiked to Rs 11 lakh from Rs 10 lakh, said deputy mayor P T Abdul Latheef during his reply to the budget. He said that the money will be reimbursed to the ward development fund from the matching grant fund.Referring the other amendments proposed by the councillors, the deputy mayor pointed out that bulk fund has been allocated in the budget for many projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12398047", "title": "Woman hangs self, dies", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 26-year-old woman, who allegedly had an extra marital affair with a ward councillor, committed suicide by hanging at her house in Thondamuthur on Friday night.The deceased has been identified as E Gowri. According to Police, Gowri was married to G Elango (31). The couple had two children.Two months ago, an extra marital affair developed between Gowri and a ward councillor of Thondamuthur town panchayat. When Elango came to know, he warned his wife; however, she refused to listen.On Friday night, after Elango came home from work, he found the ward councillor at his house. Elango tried to nab the councilor, who escaped.Meanwhile, Gowri locked the door inside and hanged herself. Residents broke open the door and took Gowri to the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital where she was declared 'brought dead'. The councillor is absconding.Gowri's younger brother Kathiresan lodged a complaint with Perur all women police station on Friday night. The police have registered a case under section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12396993", "title": "India's young and restless must have their fling", "text": "Kolaveri Di , a red topi, 183. The most refreshing things hitting the Indian public recently all came from someone under 40 years of age. Only youth links Southern film star Dhanush, Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and Indian cricket sensation Virat Kohli. Otherwise, each did his thing, his way - Dhanush singing with self-deprecating humour, terming his record-buster 'flop song'. Akhilesh abjuring helicopters to cycle across UP's rallies, gullies and bahubalis. Virat Kohli slamming 183 runs off 143 balls, slashing with the ferocity of youth, eyes ablaze with an Arjuna-like focus, tense enough to erupt in a cloudburst of cussing, generous enough to boost Rohit Sharma - and win India a hard game. These achievements glow more when you consider how hard it must have been to do it their way - and not how Rajinikanth, Mulayam Singh Yadav or Sachin Tendulkar might have.In India, the shocker is young people being themselves, unconventional individuals having a fling with life that's fun and atypical, not conformist yea-sayers, yet rewarded for it. In a country where studies estimate 54% of the population is under 25, you'd expect to see far more young people splashing paint on the establishment's walls, orating words that singe the winds, creating innovations that energise lives. Instead, you see a country's USP tied-up early, sewn into the suits of cynicism, yoked to the long queues and quick bribes of a nation exhausted by its own corruption, convinced that for a young person to get anywhere, they must be privileged - or middle-aged.Reverse-ageism rules India - top cinema stars too 'mature' to play students, most politicians too elderly to sprint on a treadmill, several sportsmen failing basic suppleness when their shirts come off. These are visible spheres; check out daily life. It's rare to see a young person heading a company, chairing a discussion, even leading an RWA. None of this belittles the glories of age but raises intriguing questions -why do such few young voices lead India's public sphere? Far from leadership, why do we try pushing our young into a mould forever? Why do we imagine that without convention 'guiding' them, our youth will only flop?Interestingly, we weren't always unwilling to acknowledge youth as anything but folly. Embedded in epic culture, our popular imagination was vibrant with stories of Rama, Krishna, the Pandavas, young people on an adventure called life, fighting, loving, discovering their way across desire, pain and peace. They made mistakes - and that was the point. You learnt like that, not by inuring yourself to anything unusual. And certainly not by refusing to lead just because you weren't 65 yet. India developed respect for youth - Kalidasa, Birsa Munda, the Buddha, Rani Jhansi - each was a young person, fired by unusual ideas, leading others.A fundamental shift came during the freedom movement via friction between Bhagat Singh and Mahatma Gandhi who disapproved of Singh's fiery pushing at the British Raj, his communism and non-violence. Singh was a youthful shout; the Mahatma, a wisely-considered speech. The two were bound to clash - the Mahatma won the day, the encounter reshaping India's ideas of youth as callow, open to dangerous influences, requiring firm hands and fulsome philosophy to keep it under control. This attitude seeped into post-Independence India, Bollywood the only place where young people were ever shown having their fling with life. Everything else - politics, academia, business - became a hot-spot for the grey-haired. Little wonder today, despite huge youth numbers and deep musical passion, India has no real pop music scene its own, crazy guitars, sitars on fire. That's been subsumed by a hair-dyed public sphere where the young are only to work, not be heard.This way, India's shooting itself in the foot. Nations empowering their young win big. Post-war America's Baby Boomers energised its workforce - and more. They grew into a moral force, guiding the jaded middle-aged to rejuvenating idealism. Thus, the Vietnam war was opposed, Barack Obama chosen, a public sphere created with icons from Malcolm X to Mark Zuckerberg. By contrast, India's surprised when the Lokpal movement attracts huge crowds of 30-somethings. But popular responses to social campaigns, anti-social outrages like the Keenan-Reuben case, increasingly oddball Bollywood or Indian fiction, abuzz with young people saying something -indicate attitudes towards our young are changing. The faster this happens, the better. If we empower the young, we gain from their energy, innovations and ideals. If we don't, there'll be more cussing like Kohli's- but not in jubilation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12401720", "title": "Six killed in Uttarakhand bridge collapse", "text": "DEHRADUN: At least six people were killed and 18 others injured when an under-construction bridge over Alaknanda river collapsed near Srinagar town in Uttarakhand's Pauri district, prompting chief minister Vijay Bahuguna to ordered an inquiry into the incident.The Choras bridge collapsed in the wee hours today when some labourers were working there. The reasons for the collapse of the bridge were not immediately known, District Magistrate Pauri M C Upreti told PTI.All the six bodies have been retrieved and efforts are on identify them, the DM said.The chief minister, meanwhile, ordered an inquiry into the tragedy. \"I am concerned over what happened. I have already ordered a helicopter (to oversee the rescue operation),\" Bahuguna told reporters here.The chief minister said he would also reach the accident site.There have been similar incidents in the hill state in the last few years which authorities have blamed on the poor quality of material used in these structures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12397382", "title": "Jhina Hikaka: Popular leader among tribals", "text": "KORAPUT: Abducted BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka is a popular leader in his constituency of Laxmipur in south Orissa. A shy and soft-spoken man, Hikaka lives with his parents, wife and two sons.\"He never harmed anyone. He worked for the tribal community. I appeal to Maoists to set him free,\" his wife Kaushalya said.The 37-year-old, a first-time MLA, played a dynamic role in tribal welfare. Those close to him said he was keen on development of tribal areas even before he was elected to the Orissa assembly. He had a brief stint as a reporter in a vernacular daily.\"Hikaka was always available for the tribals. He tried hard to help the poor with their problems,\" said Ranjan Das, a former colleague at the paper.His popularity among tribal villagers caught the attention of the BJD brass and he was nominated as the party candidate in the 2009 assembly elections.Hikaka made a remarkable debut by defeating Congress' Hema Gamang, former Laxmipur MLA and wife of former Orissa chief minister Giridhar Gamang. \"He was never associated with any party nor did he harbour any political ambition. He got the BJD ticket in the 2009 election for his leadership qualities,\" Das said.Hikaka belongs to Koraput's Dumuripadar village. After graduating from Laxmipur College, he studied at Jeypore Law College. He worked as a community organizer in Laxmipur block before he was elected as an MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12397762", "title": "Tehsildar lands in ACB net while taking bribe", "text": "JAIPUR: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) has arrested a tehsildar in Sirohi district, who claiming closeness to the district collector, allegedly demanded bribe from a gram sewak on the pretext of cancelling the latter's suspension order. The accused officer not only sought cash, but also charged the complainant for his mobile phone and liquor party, ACB officers said.Tehsildar Ranveer Dayal Meena was caught red-handed by the ACB accepting a bribe of Rs 5,000 on Saturday. \"During an inspection by the district collector at Jayantara village panchayat under Abu Road tehsil in October 2011, the gram sewak, Ashok Singh was found absent. He was suspended,\" said an ACB officer.He added that claiming closeness to the district collector, tehsildar claimed that he would get Singh reinstated and for that, he asked for Rs 50,000.Singh paid him Rs 18,000 on January 22. \"A week later, his suspension orders were cancelled and he was reinstated. After that tehsildar kept asking for money, he even took Rs 3,700 from Singh to buy a mobile phone and another 2,000 for a liquor party,\" said the officer.Meanwhile, Singh again got a 17CC notice. \"When tehsildar again demanded Rs 5,000, Singh approached the ACB,\" said the officer. Raids are being carried out at officer's house and other places.Sources said that the tehsildar was so well connected that revenue minister Hemaram Choudhary had written to chief minister Ashok Gehlot for his transfer in September last year on complaints of corruption. But no action was taken against him even after the recommendation of a minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12397502", "title": "8 vehicles stolen a day in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: On average, eight vehicles were stolen from Gurgaon every day so far this year, police records show. Most of the thefts were in urban areas and luxury cars were prime targets. The graph has risen since last year and police have been able to trace or recover less than a quarter of the vehicles.Between January 1 and March 17 this year, 608 vehicles were stolen, up from the average of six a day last year. Of these, 70% were two-wheelers, mostly bikes, and 30%, cars. Police admit auto theft has become a \"routine crime\", with most vehicles landing up in Mewat, Rajasthan, UP, even Nepal .\"I will talk to the police commissioner soon regarding the matter. CCTV surveillance will be done in the city so that such incidents do not recur,\" said Haryana DGP Ranjeev S Dalal.The city police had a special task force of 20 cops to tackle vehicle theft and carjacking but this year, the team was in the crime branch and traffic force. In February, the crime branch got an additional 10 PCR vans and 125 cops, but that does not seem to have made a dent in vehicle theft.A senior police officer said vehicle-lifters were now working to demand, with \"clients\" specifying the vehicle, model and colour of the booty. One gang in Mewat, a cop noted, stole only Boleros as they were \"in demand\" in Rajasthan.The auto-lifters have struck at crowded places, including Sadar Bazaar, Jani Mandir, Gurudwara, the Sector 14 market, DLF, Sushant Lok and Sector 56. On the night of January 6 alone, thieves made away with 13 vehicles - 10 bikes, two cars and a jeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12399049", "title": "Events held to raise awareness about TB", "text": "KANPUR: Several events were held to mark World Tuberculosis Day in the city on Saturday. The special TB-DOTS (DOT-PLUS) programme was also launched in the district on the occasion to ensure proper treatment of tuberculosis in the region. As per the information provided by the district health authorities, the TB-DOTS or DOT-PLUS programme was started under the Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme in 1998.Under this programme, patients are administered TB drugs in the presence of a doctor inside a designated medical centre where each patient has an individual medicine box for himself. Also, the patients have to visit the centre three times a week for the doses. This DOT-PLUS programme was launched by the state health authorities in Kanpur and six other districts of the region.There were reports that a special TB ward will be established in the city in association with Murari Lal Chest Hospital of GSVM. The scheme was to begin from the last week of March but it got delayed. Now, the special TB centre will be established in the next few months in the city. Dr G S Bajpai, district tuberculosis officer (DTO), said, \"There are three suspected patients of MDR-TB in the district. Their reports have been sent to the central TB-detection lab. It will take three months time for the reports to come and by that time, the special TB ward at Morari Lal Hospital will be constructed.\"He further said that even after introduction of various governmental healthcare programmes, about 50%-70% of Indian TB patients continue to choose private healthcare. Unless these patients are attracted to DOTS, they will remain at the mercy of the unregulated private sector.Meanwhile, the nursing students, along with school students, health department workers and local NGOs, took out a tuberculosis awareness rally from Mishra Ward of Ursala Horseman Hospital in morning hours. The TB awareness rally headed towards Shikshak Park at Parade and covered several nearby areas.The students, holding banners and posters in their hands, informed locals about the seriousness of TB and its prevention methods. The second phase of tuberculosis awareness programme, which was held on Saturday, was flagged off by district tuberculosis officer Dr G S Bajpai. In this phase, a street play was organised by the members of Care India Play Academy and an NGO. \"Discontinuation of treatment on account of high cost of salvage drugs is a prime reason for drug resistant cases in tuberculosis,\" said Dr G S Bajpai, DTO. He also urged health officials to spread awareness about the availability of free drugs to treat the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402840", "title": "Boney Kapoor's former wife Mona passes away", "text": "Producer Boney Kapoor's first wife Mona Kapoor passed away on Sunday morning. She was 42 years old.Mona, who was also a television serial producer and CEO of a film studio, was undergoing treatment for Cancer at Hinduja hospital.An industry source said, \"Mona was looking forward to launch of her son Arjun's film \" Ishaqzaade\" which was slated for release. In fact her children had circulated messages to people asking to come forward to donate blood for their mother.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398324", "title": "Pool safety in city not up to mark", "text": "PUNE: The quality of water, presence of licensed lifeguards and a stipulated number of swimmers at any given time will ensure safety in scores of swimming pools in the city.However, an audit by conducted by the Rashtriya Life Saving Society (India) to ensure a mishap-free summer like in 2010, has picked many gaps in the city's private and civic-run pools.Of the 83 pools covered in the first phase, many failed to meet the standards set by the civic body or follow its guidelines. Not only were watertesting kits, oxygen cylinders and first-aid kits not available, lifeguards who can take charge of the situation in an emergency were absent.In a few days, children, teens and adults will rush to swimming pools across the city and in Pimpri-Chinchwad to beat the heat. However, they will have to exercise caution.The first phase of the swimming pool audit conducted by the Rashtriya Life Saving Society (India) to ensure a mishap-free summer has revealed that a majority of the pools in the city do not meet quality standards in terms of water used and recruitment of licensed lifeguards.The first phase of audit covered 83 civic and private swimming pools in the city while the remaining 200 pools will be inspected in the second phase.Rear Admiral (retd) Purushottam Sharma, founderpresident of Rashtriya Life Saving Society (India), said, \"The Pune Municipal Corporation has approved certain guidelines for public and private swimming pools. In 2010, there were no pool-related deaths in public pools across the city. Through this audit, we want to tell pool owners to maintain the required standards to prevent any pool-related deaths.\"As per the first phase of the audit, only 25 of the 83 pools had water-testing kits. \"Three-fourths of the city pools are high on chlorine content and have higher than permissible pH levels. High level of chlorine causes skin irritation, asthma and heart problems while high pH levels which indicate the acidic or alkaline nature make it difficult for swimmers to gauge the depth of water,\" Sharma said.Opaque water and failure to gauge the depth are two main reasons for drowning in swimming pools, said Sharma. \"Water in the pool needs to be clear. Green and opaque water may create obstacles for lifeguards while rescuing swimmers who may have gone beneath and are struggling to stay afloat.\"Only 34% pools have trained lifeguards on the site, the audit report said. The personnel at the remaining pools do not possess a bonafide certificate in life-saving skills. Kavita Sharma, director of Swimming and Life Saving Training Centre, said, \"During summer, when the seasonal rush starts, pool owners in the city are in a hurry to recruit lifeguards. In the process, they get any lifeguard who is available, thus lowering the standard of pool vigilance.\"Sharma also raised the issue of over-crowding. \"Safety norms approved by the civic body suggest that only 75 people should be allowed in a semi-Olympic sized pool. But there is a tendency to overcrowd. This makes the job of lifeguards difficult.\"Swimming pools have fared poorly in the safety department as well. A mere 18% of the pools were equipped with oxygen cylinders; only one-fourth of the audited pools had a first-aid kit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12401675", "title": "DAN calls for urgent settlement of Naga issue", "text": "DIMAPUR: The political affairs committee (PAC) of the Democratic Alliance of Nagaland (DAN) government on Saturday said a negotiated political settlement acceptable to the people regarding the Naga political problem must be reached at the earliest. The committee said measures must be taken for settlement of the issue before the next assembly elections.After a meeting convened on Saturday, PAC said it has been lying low for sometime in view of the formation of the Joint Legislators Forum (JLF) comprising of all sixty members of the Nagaland assembly, whereby the sixty members have shed their differences and party affiliation to form a united front for the Naga political issue. The PAC appreciated the JLF for its initiative and deliberations which have sent a positive message of oneness to all sections of the people. The PAC called on the JLF to act upon the urgent need for a political solution so that the joint forum can take up measures that will allow the involved parties to expedite the negotiations and reach a settlement acceptable to the people.The political affairs committee asked the Joint Legislators Forum to expedite the negotiations and reach a settlement acceptable to the people", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "morjim", "code": "12398175", "title": "In Morjim, shifting sands ups shifting of turtle eggs", "text": "MORJIM: Mother turtles arriving here may think they have consigned their little ones to nature's care. They know not that their nests are being increasingly shifted to drier areas. Severe erosion in Morjim over the last few years has shrunk the flippered visitors most preferred beach destination in Goa.Located in the state's northernmost taluka of Pernem, the Morjim shoreline, together with Galgibaga and Agonda in the southernmost taluka of Canacona, are where Olive Ridleys come each year to nest. Morjim, in fact, has been the pioneering ground for the state's turtle conservation programme, having hosted the first nest in December 1996.But beach erosion has altered the turtle habitats, forcing forest officials to increasingly shift nests to drier areas, say sources. Episodes of translocation of nests due to shrinking of turtle beaches are on the rise, and Morjim is the worst affected by changes in beach morphology when compared to Agonda and Galgibaga, sources add.Morjim's devastated shoreline is forcing mother turtles to lay their eggs within the high water mark. \"Half of the broad sandy beach has been washed away due to erosion, and we are relocating nests more often than in the past,\" says Amar Heblekar, range forest officer (wildlife), Campal.A total of 14 nestings, including two in Mandrem, were reported in Morjim this season from November 2011 onwards. \"All, except one at Mandrem, had to be shifted as they were laid below the high tide level,\" Heblekar says. Manoj Borkar, a marine zoologist explains, \"This is because the shore morphology has altered. It means the shores are shrinking and whatever little is left of the beach is invaded by facilities for tourists.\"The entire shoreline may not be suitable for nesting, but the turtle's specific requirements are met by certain areas within the larger habitat.The favourable conditions for turtle nests are sand grain size, temperature of sand deposit and the extent of its compactness.Concurring with this view, Sujeet Dongre, convener, centre for environment education, says, \"They use their flippers to dig into the sand, but the beach area available to them is hard.\" The southernmost part of Morjim beach has been designated for turtle-nesting.Curiously, Morjim beach stretches out from inside the river in the east. Like an apron it curves out towards the river mouth and spans straighter towards north to face the Arabian Sea in the west. \"More nests were laid on the river front for over a decade as the beach here was sandy and broad,\" Dongre says.But massive erosion has cut into the sheath of sand. The formation of a cliff has rendered the beach terrain hostile for the movement of turtles. \"The sheer slope on it now makes it difficult for turtles to climb it from the water level to the beach for nesting,\" Dongre says.The slope from the surf zone may appear gradual, but for turtles, who use their flippers for movement, it is almost like a wall. \"It is not even a slope, but almost vertical and two feet higher than the beach,\" Dongre adds.Recently, a turtle arrived on the beach and daunted by the uphill climb, slipped back into the water without laying eggs, a villager told STOI. Borkar explains that this means there is less habitable space for amphibious reptiles, primarily the Olive Ridley turtles.The erosion has partly spared only sand dune vegetation and casuarina plantations which are difficult spaces for turtles to lay their eggs. \"They need porous sand to lay eggs, which is now lost to erosion,\" Dongre says.Generally, they locate the nests far from disturbance and the surf zone, but now there is hardly any choice. \"The habitat alteration leaves the amphibian no choice,\" Borkar says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398558", "title": "IITM widens scope to study climate change", "text": "PUNE: The environmental information system (ENVIS) centre at the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) in Pune is all set to expand its subject area from acid rain and atmospheric pollution to include climate change.The centre will have wider scope for dissemination of information through a web portal, query answer service, workshops and public lectures.The Union budget for 2012-13 has recognised the ENVIS programme of the ministry of environment and forest as 'centres of excellence'. A hike in the budgetary allocation from Rs 6 crore in 2011-12 to Rs 7.6 crore in 2012-13 to ENVIS for information collection, collation and dissemination through 67 subject specific centres has also been made.Gufran Beig, programme director of System of Air Quality Forecasting and Research (SAFAR), and coordinator of the centre at IITM, Pune, said the new subject area will be 'atmospheric pollution and climate change' from the present 'acid rain and atmospheric pollutant modelling.'\"There is wide scope for expanding information on climate change and environment parameters which will be collected, collated and disseminated to the public. The government's focus is to translate high-end research into information, so that it can reach and benefit the end-user and the people,'' he said.A high-level committee of ENVIS, under the ministry of environment and forest, had recommended widening of the subject area, Beig said.\"The present database will have detailed information on climate change as well. Unlike air pollution, the database for climate change studies will be required for several decades. Only a few years' data for climate change will not be sufficient for research work. We need data and models to predict climate change in several decades, say next 50 years or more. The present system of chemistry transport model will continue to be operational. It will be upgraded to atmospheric chemistry climate model for longer runs on high-powered computers,\" he said.The institute has signed a memorandum of understanding with universities and institutes in the country to study climate change. The findings will be collected, collated and disseminated through the ENVIS website.Three stations will be set up in Guwahati, Aizawl in Manipur and Tezpur in Assam in the next few months. These stations will collect data on environment and climate parameters. More stations will come up at Patiala, Varanasi, Thiruvananthapuram, Mahabaleshwar and Bhubaneswar. The station in Pune is operational.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399242", "title": "'Permit Raj' irks city drinkers", "text": "Imagine being stopped at the entrance of a bar or pub and being asked to pay up Rs 5. \"Whatever, for?\" you will surely ask. To which the bouncer, or whoever it is that's manning this duty, will respond a touch matter of factly, \"Drinking permit.\" Once you're done being confused and/or surprised, you will fish out the change-which , we were informed earlier this week, is scarce-you will be given a receipt, which you will absentmindedly pocket, and head for your table.In Maharashtra - the central government allows each state to decide its own liquor policies - selling alcohol to individuals without a permit is illegal. Interested individuals can procure these permits at the excise department; a lifetime permit for Rs 1,000 and a year's permit for Rs 300.Last year, a new strain of the permit virus was released into the state's drinking culture and this allowed individuals to pick up quick one-day permits for Rs 5. Thus far, this law was infrequently implemented . Be that as it may, it looks like things are about to change, or at least become even more ad hoc than they were.While WTF, a popular and easy-going pub chain in the suburbs, makes it necessary for you to buy a day permit before you enter, the plush Trilogy , housed in Hotel Sea Princess, Juhu, gives its patrons a permit at the entrance but does not charge them, choosing instead to foot the costs. The perennially popular and much-graffitied Ghetto is a touch utopian and prefers to believe that its regulars already own permits and finally , the extra casual Jughead's - The Unrestaurant, Khar, and the extra pricey Prive, Colaba, might be poles apart in temperament but are alike when it comes to permits; they keep a bunch on them and are happy to give them out if need be.Ritik Bhasin, partner at Liv Club, Kala Ghoda, explains, \"Of course we're not going to charge people Rs 5, so the club ends up footing the cost. On an average, every week, we pay Rs 8,000 for day permits.\"C Panda, a media professional , irate at the mere suggestion of a permit, said, \"All these idiotic restrictions are tokenisms that rarely get implemented . Besides, they are a Prohibition era thing. This drinking permit is a complete scam whereby the government has devised yet another strategy to make a quick buck off the civilians . Why should I pay Rs 5 when everything shuts down at 1.30am? Not for nothing is India known as Permit Raj.\"Phalguni Desai, a 20-something who likes to go out drinking but can't afford it anymore, vents, \"I don't think any other nation wastes as much time thinking about drinking as we do. In India, we have decided drinking is an excess and will result in calamitous behaviour, which is just plain silly.\"Nobody I have ever gone out with drinking has displayed a sociopathic personality as a result of drinking. Instead of figuring out drinking permits, the law would be better off curbing the rising number of rape cases.\"Times ViewRed tape comes in different forms in Mumbai but the permit to drink must be the most ridiculous of them. That a government can insist on a permit to drink is absurd. Most bar owners and patrons say it's just one more stupid law that leaves them exposed to blackmail by lawenforcers . The sooner the government abolishes this relic from another age, the better it would be for the average Mumbaikar. There must be better ways to earn revenue and maintain order in Mumbai than asking tipplers to buy a piece of paper that permits them to drink. The government needs to focus on issues of governance and an individual drinking is surely not one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398625", "title": "Kailas Kadam is Congress\u2019 opposition leader in PCMC", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad unit of Congress on Saturday declared Kailas Kadam as the leader of opposition in the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation.Addressing a news conference, Bhausaheb Bhoir, president of party's city unit, said that eight independent corporators have extended support to the Congress for electing the leader of opposition, taking the party's strength in the 128-member house to 22. Thus, Congress and its supporters formed the second largest group in the house and became entitled to elect the leader of opposition.\"Pimpri Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande will formally announce the appointment of Kadam on Monday. His tenure will be for one year,\" Bhoir said.NCP has 83 corporators, Congress 14, Shiv Sena 14, MNS 4, BJP 3 and the Republican Party of India (Athavale) has one corporator. The house has nine independents.Shiv Sena, BJP and RPI (Athavale group) had a pre-poll alliance but only Shiv Sena and RPI (Athavale group) have registered as a group with the divisional commissioner thus putting their official strength to 15.\"Two Congress corporators and one independent will be nominated for standing committee. One Congress corporator each will be nominated to the law, city improvement, sports and women and child welfare committees. Also one independent corporator each will be nominated to the four civic committees,\" Bhoir said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398362", "title": "Varsity to go ahead with online FE exam for 2012-13", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune's online exam plan for the first-year engineering (FE) degree course will roll out as declared earlier from the academic year 2012-13.Officiating vice-chancellor Sanjay Chahande, who presided over the UoP's senate on Saturday, partially conceded the demand made by a section of teachers to refer the FE online plan to the varsity's exam reforms committee, but expressed his inability to stay the plan for 2012-13.The plan refers to increasing the online exam component in the engineering degree course by covering all the 10 subjects, instead of the existing three subjects, at the FE level.TOI, in its issue dated November 27, 2011, was first to report the UoP's online engineering exam plan, which is part of a bigger exam reforms exercise being pursued by the university.Chahande's statement came after senior senate member Nandkumar Nikam brought to the senate members' notice that the plan had already been announced, after having gone through an elaborate decision-making process, including clearances by the engineering faculty and the academic council.\"Any change now will require the mandatory 180 days notice period as provided under the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994,\" Nikam said during a 30-minute animated debate after senate member Shridhar Deo moved an adjournment motion. Deo said the plan was being pushed through in haste and was against the interest of students.Deo argued that the skill sets of engineering students cannot be evaluated on the basis of online exams featuring multiplechoice questions, which are more suited to entrance tests. However, UoP engineering faculty dean G K Kharate put up a strong defence by pointing out that the move had been discussed and cleared by the 55-member faculty and the academic council.Kharate clarified that the online plan was confined to the first and second year of engineering studies, which deal with basic sciences and engineering concepts. There was no move yet to extend the same to the third and final year, where the applications and design part of studies gets stronger.Earlier, Chahande said that the subject of the adjournment motion can barely be discussed by the senate considering the complex academic issues involved. \"The issue needs to be placed before a suitable forum like the board of studies or academic council,\" he said.While the members seemed divided over the issue, Deo took a stance t hat he wouldn't withdraw the adjournment motion unless assured that the matter was referred to the exam reforms committee and the FE online plan is stayed with immediate effect. Eventually, he withdrew the motion after the VC assured that the matter would be referred to the reforms panel.For the last few years, the UoP has been conducting online tests of 50 marks each for three of the ten subjects - fundamentals of programming language, engineering mechanics and basic electronics - at the end of each semester at the FE level. The remaining seven exams are conducted in the conventional written mode.Last year, the faculty of engineering mooted a proposal that envisages a 25-mark online test, to be conducted twice in the first two months of each semester at the FE level. Each of these online tests will cover two chapters of all the 10 subjects and will be followed by a 50-mark written test in the third month of the semester.The move is aimed at ensuring that engineering students start with their studies from the first day of joining the degree course and that they go through a continuous evaluation process, which provides a real gauge of the knowledge acquired by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12397678", "title": "Five held after encounter, robbery bid foiled by cops", "text": "GURGAON: The crime branch has arrested five men, who were planning to commit a robbery, after an encounter at Sector 47 on Friday night. Police recovered three illegal weapons and a Ford Fiesta car from their possession.The incident took place in Sector 47 late on Friday night. The police team reached the spot after getting a tip-off that some people were making a robbery bid in the area.After seeing the police team, the gang members tried to run away by firing on them. The police team retaliated and captured the five robbers.The accused have been identified as Mahesh, a resident of Bulandshahr in UP; Amit, a resident of Delhi's Vasant Kunj; Amol Kumar, a resident of Dausa in Rajasthan; Aniket, a native of Vaishali in Bihar; and Suryanarayana, a resident of Madhubani in Bihar.\"We have recovered a pistol, a revolver and a gun from their possession and have seized the accused car. We have found two fake number plates from the car. A case has been registered against the accused,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneshwar", "code": "12397222", "title": "Factional war behind surge in Maoist strikes", "text": "BHUBANESHWAR: The abduction of two Italians, the murder of a sub-inspector in Malkangiri and now, the abduction of a legislator, is being seen in security circles as the outcome of a tussle between the Andhra and Orissa factions of Maoists operating in the state.Maoists in most areas of the state function under the Orissa State Organizing Committee and Andhra Orissa Border Special Zonal Committee, each body with cadres attached to different divisions under it. The former had claimed responsibility for the abduction of the Italians while the latter said they had kidnapped MLA Jhina Hikaka.The feud reportedly started when Sabyasachi Panda was put in charge of the Orissa group five years ago and he began giving an Oriya face to the cadre, replacing those from Andhra Telugus. This was not to the liking of the CPI (Maoist) top brass, who looked for opportunities to clip his wings. Sources said Panda was taken to task after the murder of Swami Laxmanananda Saraswati, for which the party had no approval. \"We have information that the party does not have the policy of kidnapping foreigners and Panda is likely to be punished further after the crisis is over,\" said a senior police official.Panda was also infuriated, according to sources, when the CPI (Maoist) installed one Balkrishna alias Manoj, a central committee member, to supervise the OSOC about 18 months ago. Two months ago, another Telugu person, Appa Rao, was brought in the number-two position, much to the discomfiture of Panda. Sushil alias Basant, OSOC's Kalinganagar division head, being a Telugu also does not pull on well with Panda, while AOBSZC, headed by one Ramakrishna, is totally inimical to Panda.Sources said when the AOBSZC had kidnapped the then Malkangiri collector R Vineel Krishna in February 2011, Panda had extended his support and even called a statewide bandh ostensibly to have peace with the rival organization. It was a different matter that the government got into prompt action then and agreed to meet the demands, largely because of the victim was an IAS officer .Insiders say Maoists in Orissa support Panda more than his Telugu counterparts. This time, the AOBSZC was suspicious that Panda might gain importance if the government accepted his demands and maintained silence on OSOC's kidnapping the Italians. \"As the talks progressed, the AOBSZC killed a police officer and kidnapped the MLA, apparently knowing that such incidents would force the negotiators to quit discussions, thereby throwing water on Panda's prospects. The trick evidently clicked,\" said a senior police officer, citing Saturday's development of disbanding of the ongoing discussions. \"Panda with just about 70 cadres under him has since succeeded in forcing many outside leaders and cadres to either surrender or desert the organization, but things don't look rosy for him under the circumstances,\" the police official pointed out.Another factor was the growing suspicion of the Red rebels becoming closer to the ruling BJD. In the just concluded panchayat elections, both BJD and Congress had got equal number of 14 zilla parishad seats in Koraput district. But the BJD eventually captured the parishad with the help of lone member from Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS), a pro-Maoist outfit whose leader Nachika Linga has been in hiding for more than two years to evade arrest.During the November by-election in Umerkote Assembly constituency the BJD received maximum support in Maoist-pockets. More so, the state government has never been known to have actually launched any serious offensive against the Maoists, who during the current regime has grown in size spreading their influence to as many as 19 districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12398419", "title": "Robbery at Sealdah station", "text": "KOLKATA: A gang allegedly attacked and robbed a trader on a crowded platform at Sealdah station on Thursday night.Sanjeeb Kumar Puri has alleged that he was loading parcels into Azmer express on Platform 9B at Sealdah station when a group of miscreants beat him up and robbed his money and a gold necklace. Puri lodged a complaint with GRP at Sealdah. Police said that they are trying to identify the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12398981", "title": "We need impact-oriented farm research, says CM", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government requested institutions that come under Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR) to have impact-oriented research for development in the state.In a meeting with agricultural scientists on Saturday, chief minister Sadananda Gowda said, \"CGIAR Institutions in India developed many technologies that can help improve the agricultural sector. And through scaling up model, a large number of farmers will benefit through the science-led and knowledge-based development of agriculture.\"Gowda said, \"To ensure that farmers are protected from facing frequent drought conditions, steps have been taken to formulate a special action plan in collaboration with International Scientific Institution such as International Crop Research Institute for Semi Arid Tropics (ICRISAT), International Rice Research Institute (IRRI), Maize and Wheat Research Institute (MWRI), International Animal Husbandry Research Institute (IAHRI) and International Food Policy Research Institute ( IFPRI).\"Gowda thanked ICRISAT for working with the state government on various programmes like World Bank-aided Sujala - an initiative for increasing productivity in the watershed, Bhoo-Chethana - an initiative for increasing productivity of rain-fed agriculture in 30 districts and Suvarna Bhoomi Yojane - an initiative for providing technical support and necessary implements to farmers to increase crop productivity.\"The impact of Bhoo-Chethana in past three years has clearly demonstrated the power of science-led development approach as millions of farmers benefited with increased crop productivity ranging from 23 to 66%. As a result of increased productivity, Karnataka has recorded an impressive growth rate of 5.9% in 2009-10 and 13.3% in 2010-11,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12399007", "title": "Congress wakes up to a turning point", "text": "UDUPI: The triumph of Congress candidate K Jayaprakash Hegde in the Udupi-Chikmagalur bypoll sends an important message to all political parties - one should not ignore the voter - whether in power or out of it. The win, no doubt, has injected a newfound enthusiasm in the Congress, which was reduced to an 'also ran' in state politics. The big realization for the Congress is: the BJP can be beaten. Hegde is confident this is the beginning of the reversal of Congress fortunes in Karnataka.What did you expect when you were given the ticket to contest a seat vacated by CM D V Sadananda Gowda?I had started my ground work much earlier, when I lost the previous bout against Gowda in 2009. I was confident I could make it this time due to the work I had done.Did mobilizing money or manpower worry you as the BJP had a headstart, and it was also a prestige issue for the CM?I have to thank Oscar Fernandes. He was there to organize and coordinate with the leaders and workers. My only job was going around the constituency and meeting all the people. I didn't have to worry about funds or manpower.Do you feel you will be racing against time to get work done, with speculation of early Lok Sabha polls?Since it's only a two-year term, even without polls in the offing I am racing against time, and expectations are high. I will have to work hard, but it shouldn't be a problem.What difference does this victory make for the Congress?It's the turning point. We are winning an election after a long time. If we relax now, we are doomed. We have to take this initiative forward.Do you consider yourself a lucky mascot for the Congress, just as Chikmagalur was to former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi?No. I'm only a representative of the party. Party leaders and workers have worked really hard to achieve this victory and the credit goes entirely to them.What can the Congress learn from this bypoll?The biggest lesson is that 'unity is strength'. If we fight unitedly, we can win many more elections.Would you like any of your children to join politics? Your daughter has been managing your poll campaign...None in my family wants to join politics. People may think politics is a bed of roses - it definitely isn't. If you want to work hard and be recognized, you cannot give any time for your family.What is your stand on Project Tiger, which was being used by the BJP against the Congress?I am not totally against the project. But care should be taken so it shouldn't come up where there's human habitation. I understand the problem of getting displaced from their moorings.The Udupi Power Corporation Limited (UPCL) is in the eye of a storm. Any solution?I think UPCL hasn't kept its word on disposal of fly ash, and should address it on a priority basis.What tops your priority list for the coast and Malnad region?Addressing problems created for fishermen by the Coastal Regulation Zone notification, expediting the four-lane work on NH-66 and getting the Yeshwantpur-Kannur night train extended to Karwar, which will help people in Udupi district also. For Malnad, there is a Malnad Development Board but nothing much has happened. I will try to get more funds from the Centre and also through Nabard.How did you enter politics?It was by accident in 1984. I was practising at the High Court. I was known to BL Shankar as I was part of the Jayaprakash movement. Since there was nobody from Brahmavar, the Janata Dal asked me to contest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401337", "title": "Genelia\u2019s \u2018role\u2019 play", "text": "Genelia is excited that her first release in the south (a Telugu film in which she is paired opposite Rana Daggubati) post her wedding is getting rave reviews.Ask the actress, who just bagged a Nandi for her character in Katha, if her marital status affect the kind of roles she is going to play and she answers, \"A lot of people often ask me why I stick to typically bubbly characters. Honestly, I don't see it that way. The characters I play might all be young girls, but each character is different, just as each girl is different from the other. The two Nandi Awards I won are for two entirely different characters - the bubbly Haasini in Bommarillu (remade as Santosh Subramaniam in Tamil) and the much more subdued Chitra in Katha. I am glad to have got to play the kind of characters I got to play. You might want to do certain things, but you have to get that opportunity as well.\"She continues, \"A lot of people named their kids as Haasini after the film. It's a character which connected with everyone who's seen the film in Telugu and Tamil. For all those who harp on my doing 'bubbly roles', obviously I must be doing something right to have been around for 10 years in five different film industries!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12398298", "title": "Business houses fear return of octroi nightmare of the nineties", "text": "KOLKATA: Loaded trucks stranded for hours in front of the Uluberia tax collection centre and a maddening traffic jam behind them. This nightmare of the Nineties may be back if state finance minister Amit Mitra doesn't revamp the tax collection infrastructure before introducing compensatory entry tax.A look at the checkposts across Bengal and the infrastructure available with the commercial tax department shows that the entry tax will only add to the mess, fetching little for the state coffers.Binod Agrawal, principal dealer of Tata Motors , Fiat and Jaguar-Land Rover, is worried about the delay and hassle that entry tax will pose. \"When octroi was in vogue , trucks used to be stranded at Uluberia tax collection centre for three-four days. That was over a decade ago. Today, consumption has grown manifold and so has the number of trucks. That means even longer queues if the system remains same. In today's competitive environment, that won't do. Customers want goods delivered immediately. Time lost means loss of business. Tax collection must be streamlined and should be an enabler and not a hindrance,\" said Agrawal.Going by what Mitra said in the assembly on Saturday, the government will place a Bill along with a list of items on which entry tax will be imposed. Traders fear losing business to neighbouring states if that happens.\"Odisha has this tax but their government is considering abolishing it. And here, Bengal is reimposing what was withdrawn over a decade ago,\" said Mercedes-Benz principal dealer Hiteshwar Singh. Though he will not lose out on business as Interkraft is the sole Mercedes-Benz dealer in the east and north-east, dealers of other carmakers fear partial loss of business to dealers in Jharkhand and Bihar.\"Till now, many from Odisha used to purchase cars from Bengal to avoid entry tax. The same will happen in Bengal,\" he said.Another dealer who has been in the business for decades dreads the harassment and corruption of the octroi days. \"When queues are huge, there will be harassment. And there will be ways to bypass the queue and payment of duty by greasing palms. The challenge before the finance minister will be to ensure that the system does not breed corruption,\" he said.Former finance minister Asim Dasgupta also spoke on similar lines. \"We had introduced entry tax in Kolkata Metropolitan Area but found that it gave rise to corruption and also added to the woes of traders and commuters. We abolished the tax in March 1995,\" he said, pointing out that the government's income at that time was Rs 800 crore.Mitra hasn't specified whether the new entry tax will be restricted to KMA or shall be enforced in corporation areas in the districts. He is yet to announce the rates and the items on which it is applicable.Mitra has only said that the \"Compensatory Entry Tax Fund\" will be used to upgrade infrastructure - better roads, transport, roads linking production centres with market hubs and setting up of storage facilities.Mitra has named the fund carefully because the Karnataka high court struck down a plea to impose entry tax in Bengaluru on the grounds it was restricting free movement of commodities.However, the Supreme Court has laid down parameters for compensatory entry tax and also made the government accountable for the development of infrastructure. Mitra has to abide by those parameters and give account of the development works taken up against the tax.According to lawyers and businessmen the proposed entry tax won't fetch funds to run the daily administration as it is to be spent to beef up tax collection mechanism and also make focused spending toward infrastructure.Going by the SC directive, Mitra won't have the liberty to spend the money elsewhere as his predecessor Asim Dasgupta did with the cess on fuel though he, too, had emphasised on infrastructure.Budget incomplete &amp; uncertain: AsimKOLKATA : The rate of revenue growth in the Trinamool regime has fallen to 18% from the 25% in the left Front regime, creating a deficit of Rs 2756 crore, said former finance minister Asim Dasgupta. To make up this deficit, the state government has borrowed more than Rs 17,000 crore from the market which is the biggest by any state in recent years.The government has not made it clear in the budget proposal why there is this deficit, Dasgupta said, calling the state budget 'incomplete and uncertain'.This year's budget projection of 11 lakh jobs is in doubt because allocation to key employment generating sectors, like small scale industries, irrigation and waterways, cottage industries and rural development has either been reduced or kept the same, he said.It is also not clear how the government plans to achieve its 25% revenue increase target, Dasgupta said, urging the government to claim its rightful share of coal royalty. The state can claim Rs 5,500 crore coal royalty a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12398979", "title": "Done 4,000 bypass surgeries: Hospital", "text": "MADURAI: A city-based hospital has claimed that it has completed a record 4,000 coronary artery bypass graft surgeries (CABG), more commonly called bypass surgery, in the last nine years.The Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery at Meenakshi Mission Hospital and Research Centre also said it had performed a unique procedure called \"Bentall's Operation with Aortic Arch Debranching\" for the first time in South Tamil Nadu.\"Cardiothoracic surgery department at MMHRC has been functional for the past nine years has achieved many feats. This is the latest,\" said A R Raghuram, senior consultant and cardiothoracic surgeon at the hospital.Explaining Bentall's Operation with Aortic Arch Debranching, he said a 28-year-old man developed sudden chest and back pain a few days back. He went to his physician in Tuticorin who diagnosed that his aorta - the artery that supplies fresh blood from heart to the entire body - has ruptured. He was immediately referred to MMHRC for surgery. During diagnosis, his aorta was found split, which was a serious condition. \"He was operated upon on the same day, airlifting the special artificial blood vessels from Chennai. Bentall's Operation is an eight-hour-surgery during which the heart and lungs were in suspended action for two hours and his body was cooled from the normal 37 degrees to 20 degrees. He made a prompt and uneventful recovery from this major operation,\" Raghuram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12398317", "title": "Labour supplier killed in Sandalpur area", "text": "PATNA: The bullet-riddled body of a labour supplier, Ajit Kumar (28), was recovered from Sandalpur locality under Bahadurpur police station on Saturday. Mark of injury by a sharpedged weapon was also found on the deceased's head, said Patna City SDPO Sushil Kumar.Police said that Ajit had left his residence at Rampur on Friday evening and did not return home till late in the night. The local people saw the body on Saturday morning and informed the local police. Quoting the FIR lodged by the deceased's family members against unknown persons, the SDPO said that Ajit used to receive frequent calls from a woman. However, the exact reason behind murder could not be ascertained yet, the SDPO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397117", "title": "Median household size drops below 4 in cities", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"Hum do, hamare do\" seems to finally be coming true. An analysis of recently released census data reveals that the median household size in urban India is now less than four for the first time in history.Data on houses and households released by the Census office shows that 56% of households in urban India now have four or less members. This is a marked change from 10 years ago, when the median household size in urban India was between four and five members.With 49.7% of all Indian households having four or less members, the median Indian household has just a fraction over four members. In rural India, the median household size is between four and five members, but closer to four than it has ever been. As many as 47.1% of rural households now have four or less members, compared to less than 40% of rural households ten years ago.The new batch of Census 2011 data showed that India now has 24.7 crore households. The data also lists households by size, and tells us what proportion of Indian households has one, two or three members and so on.The census office has not released the average household size because the provisional population total and the number of households were counted at different points in time, registrar general C Chandramouli said. What we can do is determine the median household size, meaning the household size of 50% of the population.Nine states and union territories have a median household size of four or less members, including Himachal Pradesh , Chandigarh, Maharashtra, Kerala and Tamil Nadu. UP is the only Indian state with a median household size above five.While 'household size' is the number of people living together in one house and so is not the same as 'family size', demographers say that in India the declining household size is being driven by falling family size.This trend is not surprising, says demographer and fertility expert P Arokiasamy, professor in the department of development studies at the Mumbai-based International Institute for Population Sciences. \"As the demographic transition progresses and fertility declines, household sizes will decline,\" Arokiasamy said. Census data released last year showed that the four southern states had already achieved a fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman, recognised as the \"replacement rate\".\"In addition, we are seeing a rise in the number of nuclear families compared with multi-generational families,\" Arokiasamy said. Nuclear families are the overwhelming norm in India, with 70% of households having just one married couple.Large families however remain a significant but not dominant component of Indian life. Close to 20% of households have five members, and another 25% have six to eight members, while 6.6% have nine or more members. In Uttar Pradesh, more than half the households have six or more members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12399607", "title": "Civic body aims at waste-free district", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The district panchayat will ask the Pollution Control Board to issue closure notices to slaughter houses in panchayats that function without waste-processing plants. District panchayat president Ramani P Nair said this at a post-budget press meet.\"We are bent on making every panchayat self-sufficient in waste management. That is why a huge sum is being allocated to each panchayat for installing bio-gas plants. Slaughter houses without such plants will be dealt with seriously. The Pollution Control Board will be asked to issue notices to them,'' said Ramani.The panchayat is on an intense drive to ensure all round development, not just in waste management, she said. \"Last financial year, we had set the target as Rs 91 crore for various projects. We have already spent close to Rs 131 crore, and have demanded for more fund from the government,\" she said.All the schemes promised in the present budget will be implemented in a similar manner, said vice-president Rufus Daniel. ''We have introduced a major scheme to preserve the water reserves in all panchayats. Vellayani Lake and Chenkal Valiyakulam have been included in the first phase. Gradually, more ponds will be brought under the scheme. We would need Rs 245 crores for the project,'' said Rufus.He said the panchayat was keen on bringing all government schools a notch above the private city schools. ''We will be uncompromising on our plan to take children in rural areas to the forefront. The panchayat has generously allocated funds to enhance their skills, not just in academics but also in sports and arts,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12399120", "title": "Renuka faces probe for stashing liquor", "text": "BANGALORE: Excise minister M P Renukacharya seems to have courted more trouble. Like his leader, B S Yeddyurappa, he now faces an inquiry by Lokayukta police, albeit on a different charge. Treating as a complaint a statement made before a court on Thursday by one of the arrested excise deputy commissioners, special Lokayukta judge N K Sudhindra Rao on Saturday directed Lokayukta police to probe the matter particularly with regard to the minister's role.L N Mohan Kumar, one of the deputy commissioners arrested during Thursday's raids, had informed the judge he had brought 24 litres of foreign liquor - Johnnie Walker, Black Label and Royal Salute - from a bar in Indiranagar and kept these bottles in Renukacharya's office on the minister's orders. The official's lawyer said the minister wanted to send these to the resort where Yeddyurappa had shepherded his supporters.The raids, conducted following complaints of large-scale irregularities, yielded large quantities of whisky of different brands. The search at Mohan Kumar's office yielded Rs 25,000 in cash and 20 bottles of whisky worth about Rs 1 lakh. He was arrested on the charge of accepting bribes for issuing liquor licences and also for extending trading hours for liquor shops.When contacted, the minister declined to comment.Reddy's custody extendedA city CBI court on Saturday extended till April 3, the judicial custody of former Karnataka tourism minister G Janardhana Reddy and his personal assistant Mehfooz Ali Khan, in an illegal mining case.CBI special court judge BM Angadi ordered extension after the CBI moved an application in this regard, saying Reddy needs to be questioned further. The proceedings were conducted via video conferencing. Reddy was brought to Bangalore three weeks ago from Hyderabad, in relation to cases regarding Associated Mining Corporation (AMC) and Deccan Mining Syndicate (DMS). Both the companies, owned by Reddy, are facing a probe. Reddy's wife Aruna Lakshmi, former mines minister and Congress leader V Muniyappa and a few officials are accused in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12400694", "title": "When Jojo met Kabir Suman", "text": "They are both singers living in the same city, but Jojo and Kabir Suman only met recently and even had that 'aww' moment!It was not on stage, not even for a musical programme. The duo bumped into each other on the sets of Suman Mukhopadhyay's screen adaptation of Kangal Malsat!Incidentally, both singers play important roles in the film. While Kabir Suman is the primordial talking crow, Dandabayas, Jojo essays the role of Begum Johnson. \"Can you imagine, living in Kolkata, we had never met before?\" asks Jojo, adding that she had been in awe of the songwriter-singer since his \"Tomake chai\" days.Kabir Suman too was no less surprised with this meeting. \"He even told me that. But I'm happy that finally we got to meet,\" says Jojo.The singer, who debuted on the big screen with Prabhat Roy's \"Duranta Prem\" and followed it up with many a telefilm, says acting is as close to her heart as music.\"Last year, I did a short film, \" Raater Bioscope\", which was appreciated by many. There's nothing like doing challenging roles,\" she adds. Jojo is also part of Kaushik Ganguly's \" Laptop\", which is slated for release this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399426", "title": "'Anti-spitting drive must be taken on a war footing'", "text": "Last week, the HC had observed that \"Spitting is an inherent characteristic of Indians .\" But this inherent trait is abetting the spread of TB. The HC had made this observation while hearing a petition challenging the power given by the BMC to Clean-Up marshals to fine offenders . The marshals, who have the authority to fine an offender Rs 200 for spitting, say that more often than not people refuse to pay the fine and simply laugh it off.\"There are various cleanliness and sanitation bylaws , under which we fine offenders . Spitting in a public place calls for a Rs 200 fine, as also urinating and washing utensils in public. But the last two offences make up only around 30% of the offenders,\" said an official from the solid waste management department . The BMC admits that spitting is one of the most frequent offences that people are fined for simply because sanitation and hygiene are not a priority. Add lack of awareness to the equation, and Mumbai can be a top contender for the ignominious tag of 'spitting capital' of India.The numbers are not representative of the widespread problem. \"Many spit from BEST buses or trains. Others spit from moving vehicles. There is a limit to how many people that we can catch and fine,\" said the official.Dr N N Ramraje, head of chest and TB department in J J Hospital, said, \"There are many who have no manners when it comes to coughing and sneezing.\" People, he explains, do not think twice before coughing and sneezing without covering their mouths. \"People spit on roads thinking that as the roads are bad anyway , spitting on them will do no additional damage. What they do not realize that they might be spreading a dangerous disease.\" Last year 9,168 people died of TB in Mumbai.Another malaise with Indian culture is the habit of chewing paan, tobacco or paan masala, all of which require spitting. This spraying of saliva in the public domain crosses class barriers. \"I was standing with my friends in Bandra when a Rolls Royce Phantom pulled up in front of us. The person in the back seat rolled down the car window, and spat out a huge gob of pan. It was not the driver, but possibly the owner,\" said a media executive Rakshit Mehra.\"This habit is exclusive of our culture,\" said Dr R Potdar, who heads the NGO, Centre for Study of Social Change. He says that unless the drive against spitting is taken on a war footing, this widespread problem is likely to continue, carried forward from generation to generation.The casual approach that people have towards public hygiene makes the BMC's task all the more difficult. \"Some of the offenders claim to be new in the city and say that they aren't aware that spitting is prohibited. Others take on a more offensive stance when fined for spitting,\" said a cleanup marshal. Anisha Shah (25) said that as part of her college project, she and her team had taken it upon themselves to stop and talk to people who spat in public. \"The more aggressive ones would ask- tere baap ki sadak hai kya? (is this your father's road)',\" she said.Watch That GlobCivic officials told TOI that 70% of the fines collected in the 200 category are for spitting in public places. On the right are the figures for seventy per cent of the 200 offendersHow does spitting cause TB?A person can be infected with tuberculosis bacteria when he/she inhales minute particles of infected sputum from the airThe bacteria enter the air when someone who has a TB lung infection coughs and sneezes without covering his/her mouth, shouts, or spitsPeople passing by can possibly breathe the bacteria into their lungs. As Mumbai is a crowded city, the risk is moreYou don't get TB by touching the clothes or shaking the hands of someone who is infected. It is transmitted primarily from person to person by breathing infected air", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12397533", "title": "City well-prepared to tackle swine flu", "text": "NAGPUR: Though the city has not had a case of swine flu for almost a year, it is well-prepared in case the H1N1 virus makes a comeback, claim officials. Like the previous years, when the disease had taken epic proportions in the country, one ward in Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) has been readied to deal with any outbreak of the disease.\"There have been no positive cases of H1N1 virus in the city since April 2011. Yet, keeping in mind the seriousness of the disease in cities like Mumbai and Pune in the state, we have kept ourselves well-prepared for any eventuality,\" said Dr Arun Humne, head and professor of preventive and social medicine department of GMCH, who is also in-charge of supervising swine flu patients.Ward number 25 of the hospital is fully equipped, with enough medications if any case of the disease was to be seen in the city, he added.NMC officials are also doing their bit to keep the probable incidences of the disease at bay. \"All people coming to the city from the cities where there is a high prevalence of the disease will be screened for it. It would be strictly followed for those coming in public vehicles from Pune,\" said Dr Milind Ganvir, deputy director (health) of NMC. In case a traveller shows symptoms like fever, his case would be followed up seriously, he said.\"But, the kind of temperatures that we have in the city is too high for the H1N1 virus to survive. This unsuitable environment does not make it very likely that people from the city would suffer from the disease,\" said Dr Humne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12405105", "title": "Minor drives vehicle, kills 2 in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Two persons, including, a 12 year old girl, were killed and three others were injured when a minor drove a vehicle and hit them at Sullia on Sunday.The deceased are Gopalakrishna and Sushmita (12) from Kandadka. The accused is Devidas, aged about 16-17, said police, who is absconding.The accused drove a pick up van and hit the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12400956", "title": "Mother of tribal rape victim shot dead for not withdrawing complaint", "text": "BHOPAL: The mother of a minor tribal schoolgirl who was raped in Betul two weeks ago, was shot dead by the alleged rapist and his cronies, in Betul on Friday. She was reportedly killed for refusing to withdraw the complaint that she had lodged with the police, after her daughter studying in class VII was savaged on 10 February.The 50-year-old woman was shot right in front of her family by four men who had barged in to her home. Her daughter later told police that the four included her supposedly absconding rapist.The four had stomped in to Imarti Bai Dhurve's home at Hamlapur on Friday night, ordering her to withdraw the complaint, which she reportedly refused . The men, identified by the police as the rape-accused Rajesh Kirar, Raju Yadav alias Bantu, Montu Yadav, and Praveen, reportedly had a heated argument with her, before she was shot. Her traumatized daughter, who was present there, said they shot thrice and her mother fell dead.She said the alleged rapist had been threatening her mother for the last couple of days, asking to take back the rape complaint filed at the Gani police station. Fearing the worst, her family had approached the police a couple of times - but the cops, apparently, did nothing.The girl was going to her school when she was allegedly abducted by Rajesh Kirar and a lady, identified as Rani, wife of Mantu. Rajesh had allegedly taken the girl into a room and raped her.Rani was arrested and produced in a local court, which let her out on bail, according to Betul's Additional Superintendent of Police (ASP) M L Solanki.The ASP claimed to TOI that indications were it was Montu who had shot the woman, through her back. The ASP maintained that while her daughter stated to the cops that the alleged rapist was among the four men, her brother had denied that. Imarti's husband Shyam was sitting on a cot outside, when the men entered his home and shot his wife dead, according to Solanki.The accused have been charged with murder, besides under the SC &amp; ST Atrocities Act.The ASP also claimed that the dead woman had not approached him about the threats she had after lodging the rape complaint. ``We would have lodged another case against the accused if she did,'' he said.Anyhow, none of the four men have been arrested as of Saturday evening, more than 24 hours after the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12401358", "title": "No chill-out options for elderly", "text": "GUWAHATI: While huge shopping malls, multiplexes and other modes of entertainment are coming up for youngsters in Guwahati, nothing is being done for the city's elderly. Though most senior citizens visit neighbouring naamghars and parks at times, they usually stay at home and watch television or read books for lack of places to go.Nayantara Bhattacharya, a 78 year old former school teacher, who is staying with her son near Lachitnagar said, \"For youngsters, weekends mean going out and spending time with friends but weekends make no difference to us aged people. We have to stay home as there is no place in the city allotted for the elderly.\" She added, \"At times, my son takes me to Doulgobinda temple near North Guwahati or Umananda and Pandughat temple, but I cannot travel too far anymore so I usually stay at home. Even if I feel lonely, I don't have a choice.\"Apurba Charan Deka, a retired government official said, \"I meet a few neighbours every weekend. My grandson, who lives in Delhi, gave us this suggestion. In Delhi, there are many options like laughter clubs and yoga schools exclusively for older people but since we have no such options here, we generally meet up at someone's house and chat for hours.\"\"There is no provision for separate parks for the elderly here. In Bangalore and Pune, they even have special sitting arrangements for the elderly near the malls. It would be nice to have parks for the elderly in the neighbourhood as we cannot travel far. We do not feel comfortable in the city parks as they are mostly crowded with youngsters and it feels like we are invading their private space,\" Yugabrata Dutta from Amar Ghar, a city-based old age home said.The city administration too seem concerned about the fact and are planning to develop special parks and sitting arrangement exclusively for the elderly so that they can spend quality time there. Ashutosh Agnihotri, DC Kamrup (metro) said, \"We are concerned about the elderly in the city and we feel that they require space as much as we do. We are planning to develop the Dighalipukhuri area and the area near the Brahmaputra to make sitting arrangements exclusively for them. The work is likely to start in the next six months.\"At times, my son takes me to Doulgobinda temple near North Guwahati or Umananda and Pandughat temple, but I cannot travel too far anymore so I usually stay at home. Even if I feel lonely, I don't have a choice", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12398378", "title": "Four die in two road accidents", "text": "KOLKATA: A day when the city was in a celebratory mood for getting another flyover after a prolonged wait, four persons, including a seven-year-old boy, lost their lives in two separate road accidents - one in Patipukur and the other at South Port Area. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee , while inaugurating the Nagerbazar flyover later in the day, promised an underpass for pedestrians in Patipukur.Early on Saturday morning, two Shyambazar-bound private buses of route number 215/1 and 219 were racing madly and close to the approach of the Patipukur rail bridge, one bus managed to keep its rival behind. But the driver of the second vehicle refused to give up and tried to over take the previous one. \"The two buses were about to collide near the rail bridge, where the road is narrow. The driver of the 215/1 swerved to his left to avoid the collision, lost control over the wheels and crushed a cycle rider on the left,\" said Rupam Mitra, an eyewitness.In a hurry, the driver tried to speed up and mounted the bus on the pavement , thus injuring two women critically. The victims were immediately taken to R G Kar Medical College and Hospital. While one of them succumbed to her injuries, another is battling for her life.The deceased persons were identified as Krishnakanta De Sarkar - a local fish trader - and Uma Samanta.Soon after the accident, drivers and conductors of both the buses escaped from the spot, leaving behind the vehicles. The incident, however, sparked tension among the locals and they started protesting against police inaction. The agitation then turned into a road blockade, which continued for nearly two hours. Police from Lake Town finally intervened and the blockade was withdrawn after cops assured to deploy more traffic personnel on that stretch.The second accident took place at Coal Berth Road of South Port area in the afternoon. Around 3.30pm, two trailers collided in front of a warehouse and one side-turned on fell on Dhanamanti Devi, a housewife from nearby China bazaar locality who was walking down the road with her neighbour's son Amit Bind. The woman and seven-year-old Amit were taken to SSKM hospital, but none could be saved. Another person - Mushafir Dhobi - was also injured in the collision. He is undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397494", "title": "Man slits throats of wife, brother-in-law", "text": "HYDERABAD: Following an argument on Saturday, a husband allegedly killed his wife and brother-in-law after slitting their throats, at Kuthiguda in Kachiguda.Kachiguda police said that at around 8.30pm, Ravi Shankar Goud killed his wife Renuka ,20, and her brother Hari Kumar Goud,18, and thereafter fled the scene.\"Hari Kumar, an intermediate student, was visiting with his sister Renuka on the occasion of Ugadi. But Ravi Shankar had an argument with his wife following which he slit the throats of Renuka and Hari Kumar,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12398772", "title": "Major fire breaks out in Tapi, Dang forests", "text": "SURAT: Forests spread over 12 hectares of area near Vadi Rupgadh village in Bardipada range in south Gujarat's Tapi and Dang districts were affected in a major fire that broke out on Friday. However, the forest officials were yet to assess the exact loss to the green cover and wildlife.\"We could see fire in the three hills in the dark. We feared it could spread towards our village,\" a tribal from Vadi Rupgadh village said.Dried leaves and wood in Mahal forests of Dang and Temkanaka of Tapi districts caught fire and it soon spread to other parts of the jungle, forest officials said.\"The fire was extinguished in the night itself. However, we are alert. The fire spread in around 12 hectares of forests of Tapi and Dang districts. The area affected by the fire in Tapi was approximately six hectares,\" deputy conservator of forest, Vyara in Tapi district, B G Prajapati said.\"One of the reasons behind the fire could be Mahuda flower collection activity. Tribals burn dried leaves to clean the area below the trees to collect flowers,\" Prajapati added.Sources in the tribal region said the fire had existed in the region for the past few days. However, on Friday it spread to cover a larger area, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397903", "title": "CIC feels RTI dying in Maharashtra", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shailesh Gandhi, India's feisty Central Information Commissioner and an early crusader for the Right To Information Act (RTI), believes that RTI in Maharashtra is being pushed into a coma from where it may not be able to recover.The post of chief information commissioner lies vacant , as do several other posts in the state information commission. Mumbai, Konkan and Pune do not have information commissioners. As of November, the pendency of cases in the state was 22,000.\"There has been no replacement for Suresh Joshi (6 months), Ramanand Tiwari (over 9 months), Naveen Kumar (6 months) and Vijay Kuvalekar (over 1 month),\" said Gandhi.He believes that citizens across the country need to fight to ensure that this fundamental right is not put to sleep in Maharashtra.\"We were able to block the central government's attempts to weaken the Act. If we do not act now, Maharashtra will have shown the way to all governments to make the RTI Act history,\" Gandhi said. He believes that the appeals and communication from RTI applicants is probably not even looked at by the headless Commission. Gandhi wrote to Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan asking him to look into it, to which Chavan replied that he would keep the matter in mind.\"The pendency is mounting and if urgent steps are not taken, RTI will suffer a grievous blow,\" Gandhi wrote. In addition to vacancies in the state information commission, Gandhi feels that the high pendency of cases has also to do with the fact that information commissioners are not delivering at an adequate pace to meet requirements.Times View The RTI Act is among the most empowering legislations of recent times. It is, therefore, extremely worrying that the RTI system has got logjammed in a major state like Maharashtra within a few years of the law coming into effect. Clearly, unfilled posts of information commissioners would have had a role to play in this situation being created. Filling up those vacancies would help to that extent. However, there is also a need to review whether information officers who have stonewalled RTI queries have been dealt with too leniently. Stricter action including stiffer fines in such cases might reduce the burden on the appeals process. Perhaps reducing the dominance of ex-bureaucrats among the information commissioners would help in this aspect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12397451", "title": "CM to flag off first Dubai flight from Vizag today", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy will flag off the inaugural international flight from Visakha to Dubai on Sunday.The Air India flight AI-592 from Dubai would land here in the morning and would be flagged off for its return trip by the chief minister and union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh at 6:20 pm.To celebrate this occasion, the district administration has planned a carnival of folk arts and cultural programmes.With this international flight to Dubai, the Port City would be included to the list of airports in India with international flight services. Other than the AI flights there are other airliners also which are in the queue to run their services from Visahkapatnam.Airlines such as the Tiger Airways, a low cost airline based at Singapore, Thai Airways for Bangkok, IndiGo airlines for Singapore from Hyderabad-Vizag-Singapore are waiting to start their services from here.Fly Dubai airways would also explore the business opportunities here, while Air Arabia officials are in touch with the officials to run a service to Sharjah.Presently, 38 services of 19 flights of various airlines are operating from Vizag to different parts of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399262", "title": "Raju guide, now from shantytown", "text": "Inside the second-class compartment of an Andheri local, a few undernourished men are staring at two ridiculously tall, well-built white women. \"You are giving our men a complex,\" chides the petite Indian girl accompanying them. As if their height wasn't intimidation enough, one of these British women-a policewoman back home-even leans out the door and lets the air kiss her face. \"This is great. In England, everything's so closed and safe,\" she tells the Indian girl. \"So a cop is now ready to break the rules, eh?\" Parveen Ansari teases, before breaking into an easy laugh.The conversation is so effortless that it's hard to believe Ansari met the two foreigners only a few hours earlier . She had asked them to wait at the Gateway of India in front of \"the man on a horse\" whom she later introduced as Chhatrapati Shivaji. She then accompanied them down the street adorned by buildings created by British architectsamong them the dangerously dilapidated Watson Hotel, where, to the tourists' horror , people continue to live despite an \"unsafe' notice pasted on its exterior. \"Is it because they don't have to pay rent?\" they wondered aloud. \"Of course, they do,\" quipped Ansari. \"In Mumbai , you have to pay for everything you use.\"The 21-year-old is one of the seven young slumdwellers trained as tour guides by Deepa Krishnan of Mumbai Magic. She tied up with Akanksha, an NGO for street kids. Other tour organisers such as Mumbai Moments, too, are now training slum kids in order to generate employment opportunities and give their slum tours an insider's perspective . While Krishnan says \"it's amazing how accepting foreigners are of these youngsters who aren't licensed guides\" , Amish Sheth of Mumbai Moments reveals that the transformation such tours bring in the guides' personality is incredible.Tareeq Aziz, a sprightly 18-year-old ragpicker from Delhi, is living testimony to that statement. The boy, who enrolled in the Salaam Balak Trust City Walk training programme some time ago and today briefs tourists on street life, has blossomed from a tongue-tied adolescent to someone who is capable of making a Powerpoint presentation in front of CEOs. \"My nervousness vanished after I confessed that I was nervous,\" he says.Apart from confidence, the obvious bonus is money. Tours fetch youngsters in the region of Rs 500 to Rs 750 a day, excluding the usually generous tips, and serve as a much-needed source of additional income. But they also change them in amusing ways. Situations such as white girls landing up for a train ride in shorts or couples kissing while on tour call for the guides to go beyond the script provided by their trainers. For instance, 18-year-old arts student Vanita Kariappa has now learnt to smilingly correct foreigners who enquire about \"gay rights\" every time they spot two Indian men holding hands or interlocking their little fingers. \"Well, it sure is legal here but they are probably just friends ,\" Kariappa clarifies with the authority of someone who has grown up among such straight men.The guides' pin code can be a unique qualification. While professional tour guides may fumble when asked about teens who travel on rooftops, Mankhurd's Sunil Chhetiur knows exactly how to explain the motive behind such actions. \"After all, I have done it once myself. Basically, it is like travelling in an air-conditioned compartment where the ticket costs Rs 1,200 (which is the fine) and can be renewed if you are not caught,\" he tells inquisitive tourists while showing them around the recycling industry in Dharavi. A college dropout, Chhetiur earlier worked in a paan shop, a call centre and an IT firm before becoming a slum tour guide that gave him the chance to \"showcase my house in a positive light\" . Initially, he would put on his American accent learned at the call centre, but that was until a client asked him to drop it and be authentic.The interactions with foreigners equip these young guides with an interesting world view. For instance, Vanita Kariappa, who has even made quiet tourists open up with questions like \"Are you married?\" , has come to believe that \"Australians are sweet, Germans are extremely tall and Americans tend to wear shorts and baseball caps\" . On the other hand, Parveen Ansari, who once met a French boy who \"looked like Dino Morea \" and was so tall he had to crouch in the taxi, has observed that couples tend to be stingy tippers while older tourists, especially from First World countries, are large-hearted .Of course, there are also those things that they don't always have to depend on clients for. Ansari, who often accompanies tourists to restaurants like Swati Snacks or Soam as part of the itinerary, stares at her full plate and asks this correspondent , \"How often do you eat pani puri worth Rs 70?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "12398286", "title": "Locals feel left out as political parties decide their fate", "text": "JALPAIGURI: Serenity reigned lush green tea bushes in the Dooars and Terai region, with Bhutan hills providing the perfect backdrop to an idyllic setting. But the changing political environment is turning the ethnic equation of the region on its head. Beneath the calm, mistrust and suspicion are fast spreading.The reason: Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) is pitching for inclusion of 392 mouzas in the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) while anti-GJM forces are trying everything to stall the inclusion. Caught in the quagmire is the tribals and local people, whose future is being decided by the parties but who've no clue about it.\"We are confused. While Birsa Tirkey-led Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikas Parshad is strictly against inclusion of Dooars and Terai under GTA, John Barla and his team is in favour of formation of Gorkhaland &amp; Adivasi Territorial Administration. We are afraid that these two groups might get involved in a feud over the issue soon. That will be very harmful for the tribals,\" a tea worker of Oodlabari shuddered.With the GJM and ABAVP hogging the limelight, other sections of the population in the Dooars have largely remained unnoticed, which in turn prompted these men to suspect the role of the government. In any hamlet in the Dooars, this population, mainly Bengalis, is significantly low. Two unanswered questions have kept this group of people on tenterhooks: If parts of the Dooars are brought under the GTA, what will be their status? And, if they put up a resistance, will they get support from other anti-Gorkhaland forces?\"We were confident enough until the state government set up the high-power committee to look into the demand for inclusion of parts of the Dooars and Terai under GTA. We will have no alternative but to shift in near future if Dooars is included under GTA. We will definitely put up a resistance, but how long will we be able to sustain when GJM will have all the power?\" wondered Tushar Mukherjee of Malbazar.In places like Malbazar and Alipurduar, there is a sizable Bengali population and yet people are worried. Similar is the plight of the Bengali community in places like Hamiltongunj, Kalchini, Birpara and Banerhat where their count is considerably low. People of these areas are, therefore, more anxious and are spending sleepless nights waiting for the Shyamal Sen committee to submit its report to the government.\"Our future depends on the report. We know if these areas are given to GTA, some day or the other we will have to find some other place to stay. We banked upon the tribals for resisting the GJM. But now even they are divided,\" said Bablu Sarkar of Hamiltonganj. \"It is the bitter truth that you cannot fight for long against the state. If these places are included under GTA, GJM people will enjoy all the powers. Naturally, we will be easy preys since we will be the minority,\" said Pratap, a youth from Banerhat.While GJM has made it clear that they won't go for elections unless the 398 mouzas are included under the GTA, ABAVP, Kamtapur People's Party and other Bengali chauvinist groups like Jana Jagaran have announced that they would not allow an inch of land to be given away. This section has already called a two-day strike starting from April 6 opposing the GTA Bill.All eyes are thus fixed on the recommendations of the high-power committee. \"The report will either suggest inclusion of parts of Dooars and Terai in the GTA, or rule it out. There will be unrest in any case,\" a Congress leader said.With the diverse population standing divided, chief minister Mamata Banerjee's greatest challenge will be to convince both the parties and bring them into an understanding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12397968", "title": "Salem corporation begins road repair using plastic wastes", "text": "SALEM: In order to increase the life of roads and make use of plastic waste generated in the city, Salem corporation has decided to relay roads with plastic waste in five places for over 3 kms.The five places in the city, identified by the corporation include Alamarathukadu, Kandampatty H Board, Mittapudur main road, Car street and 2nd Agraharam and Vidyanagar west cross no. 1. Meanwhile, 63 other roads have been identified in 22 divisions of the city to be restored and relaid under the Tamilnadu Urban Road Infrastructure Project (TURIP).All the renovation works including re-laying of 5 plastic waste mixed BT roads, will cost about Rs 13.295 crores. The corporation has already started the re-laying works from Thursday.\"Under TURIP, the renovation cost for 63 roads in the city covering about 33.024kms will come approximately to Rs 12.7675 crores, while the costs for relaying 5 new plastic-waste mixed BT roads will come to around Rs 52.75 lakhs,\" said M Asokan, corporation commissioner.According to commissioner, the relaying work of the 63 roads will be completed in two packages. The first package will include re-laying of 36 roads at the cost of Rs 6.3875 crores, while the second package will include re-laying of 27 roads at the cost of Rs 6.38 crores in the second package.\"The corporation will use funds available with them for laying the plastic-waste mixed roads,\" said A Asokan, corporation's executive engineer.\"The plastics are being given by corporation's solid waste management centre at Cheetichavadi at free of cost,\" added the executive engineer.On Thursday, works for two plastic roads-Mittapudur main road in ward 5 and Aalamarathukadu road in ward 18 were inaugurated by the Salem mayor S Soundappan and commissioner Asokan. In addition, renovation works for four roads-Pudur Itteri road, ward 50; Old Bus Stand road, ward 32; Venkatesanpuram roads and cross roads, ward 14; and NKN nagar road, ward 3 under TURIP were also inaugurated the same day.\"Work on Mittapudur and Alamarathukadu roads will be completed within next 15 days,\" said the executive engineer. \"As of now, the corporation has taken up road re-laying work in places where the underground drainage work has been completed. In other divisions, work will start in the coming months,\" he added.For the people in Salem, this road relay work comes after a gap of eleven years. \"When AIADMK was in power in 2001, Brindavan and Pitcharts roads covering 1.7kms were relaid using plastic waste,\" said the executive engineer. However, work was not undertaken during the next political parties reigns.An officer in the corporation said, \"If these works are extended by every political party that comes to power, almost all the roads would have been relaid by now and the roads wouldn't have been damaged. Public money could have been saved and plastics waste reduced,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12399445", "title": "Job sop for statehood struggle victims, kin", "text": "RANCHI: The state government has decided to give job to kin of those people who lost their lives during the struggle for formation of Jharkhand.A proposal of the home department was approved by the state cabinet here on Saturday.Cabinet secretary Aditya Swaroop said for any person who had sacrificed his/her life during Jharkhand movement, one of his dependents would be eligible for Grade III or IV job depending on his/her qualification. \"In case of those who participated in the struggle and were in jail for more than six months, he will get a monthly pension of Rs 5,000 per month. Those who were in jail for less than six months will get monthly pension of Rs 3,000,\" said Swaroop.Keeping in mind the sacrifice of people who struggled for formation of a separate state, even those who did not go to jail or die, their kin would also get preference in government job. \"To ensure that there is no confusion on the list of beneficiaries, the state will constitute a committee headed by a retired judge,\" said Swaroop.Among other important decisions taken by the cabinet was the hike in monthly honorarium of contract workers employed by the rural development department for execution of work under MGNREGA. \"All employees on contract, including block project officer, will get an increased honorarium. Such a project officer who used to get Rs 10,000 a month will not get Rs 14,000 per month. Similarly, technical assistant will get Rs 12,000 instead of the present amount of Rs 8,000 per month,\" said Swaroop. The cabinet also approved around Rs 8.34 crore for solid waste management in Jamshedpur and around Rs 50 crore for drinking water project in Ranchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "12399163", "title": "Girlfriend to wed slain French soldier posthumously", "text": "PARIS: The pregnant girlfriend of a French soldier killed in a dramatic gun rampage will wed her partner posthumously, a family lawyer said on Saturday.Paratrooper Abel Chennouf was shot dead earlier this month at a cash machine in southern France, one of a series of killings blamed on 24-year-old Islamist fanatic Mohamed Merah. Lawyer Gilbert Collard said that Chennouf 's pregnant girlfriend, 21-year-old Caroline Monet, is applying for permission to get married to her late partner at an official ceremony in a few weeks' time. Such ceremonies are unusual but not unheard of in France, where the law allows posthumous marriages in cases where a fiance dies before the wedding. The law states that such weddings can only be approved by the French president \"in grave circumstances\" .\"I've already had it done twice, for policemen's girlfriends ,\" he said. \"It's a really moving ceremony, with an empty chair representing the dead spouse.\" Collard said the official request was being sent out on Saturday, but that he'd already received the nod from the president's office, adding that hopefully the ceremony will let the child have a father.Meanwhile Merah's brother during a police interrogation boasted that he is \"proud\" of his sibling's actions, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12397389", "title": "MLA slaps traffic cop", "text": "AMRAVATI: Tiwsa MLA Yashomati Thakur slapped a traffic police constable who objected to her vehicle passing through a one-way road near Gandhi Square on Saturday evening.Thakur was passing through Gandhi Square, but traffic cop Ulhas Ravrale stopped her vehicle. He said that he won't allow the vehicle to pass as Chunabhatti-Gandhi Square road is one-way from 4pm to 9pm. Enraged by the reply, Thakur allegedly slapped Ravrale. Three others sitting in the car too joined her.Soon after the incident, Ravrale rushed to the police station and lodged a complaint against Thakur and others for slapping him.Police have booked them under relevant sections of IPC and Motor Vehicle Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401219", "title": "GV Prakash among highest-paid composers?", "text": "The buzz is that the music director doesn't compromise on his salary or filmsHe has just signed another Telugu flick to be directed by Bommarillu Bhaskar starring Ram. And according to sources, this 25-year-old music director and nephew of A R Rahman, is rapidly following his uncle's footsteps to stardom.However, the latest buzz is that G V Prakash does only big budget films as he refuses to compromise on his salary. Says a source, \"GV is among the top five highest-paid music directors today in Kollywood. Filmmakers treat him just below ARR and Harris Jayaraj. In fact, he charges more than Yuvan. His salary per film is said to be a crore plus!\" However, when questioned, the composer just laughs it off.Ask GV whether it's true he doesn't accept films where he has to compromise on his salary and he denies it saying, \"No! If it's a good director, I do compromise. Or if I'm really kicked about the script, I compromise.\"He also asserts that he accepts small banner films. GV says, \"Currently, I am doing a film for director Murugadoss and a Hollywood studio that will be helmed by a new director, Atlee, who was director Shankar's assistant.\" This movie stars Sivakarthikeyan and two new girls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12404879", "title": "Special status: Bihar babus to present state\u2019s case", "text": "PATNA: A team of Bihar bureaucrats led by chief secretary Navin Kumar has left for Delhi to attend an important meeting of the Inter-Ministerial Group, set up by PM Manmohan Singh to study the state's special category status demand, to be held on Monday.The group had been formed in September last after a delegation of Bihar leaders earlier called on the PM with 1.25 crore signatures of Biharis in support of the demand.According to official sources, the Inter-Ministerial Group headed by Planning Commission member-secretary Sudha Pillai will hold its first meeting with Bihar officials. Apart from the chief secretary, planning and development department's principal secretary Vijoy Prakash, finance commissioner Rameshwar Singh and chief minister's secretary Chanchal Kumar will represent Bihar at the meeting.CM Nitish Kumar , who has made the special status demand a socio-political issue and raised it at different forums, held a meeting with these officials on Saturday and briefed them on how to make a forceful representation before the Group and which issues to raise.The Inter-Ministerial Group has secretary in the department of expenditure, ministry of finance, Sumit Bose as its member. The group was constituted on September 9 and was given three months' time to submit its report. However, nothing much happened and the group was given extension in December.\"This is the first time that state officials have been invited by the Group,\" said an official, who added that the chief secretary left for Delhi on Saturday evening after a detailed discussion with the CM. The other three bureaucrats left on Sunday.The terms of reference of the Group cover considering and examining all the issues raised in a memorandum submitted to the PM by a delegation of JD (U) leaders on July 14 last. The memorandum was supported by 1.25 crore signatures.The decision about the formation of the Group had been revealed in answer to an unstarred question by N K Singh of the JD (U) in Rajya Sabha in August last. Minister of state for planning Ashwani Kumar had told the House that an Inter-Ministerial Group would study the demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401821", "title": "A nuisance to Anurag Basu", "text": "Anurag Basu was in for a rude shock when he recently started getting calls from actors in Kolkata saying he was casting for his next film and would like to audition girls.The caller supposedly identified himself as Suraj and said that he was assigned to audition for Basu's ads, television projects and movies. While some got duped in the process and sent e-mailed photos across, others informed Anurag before proceeding any further.Says Anurag, \"This is the third time that the guy is up to such a nuisance. Koel Mallick first told me that I had sent across my casting agent, Suraj, to meet her. I was at my wit's end but still wanted to find out if there was anyone by that name who I knew. Later, it turned out that the Suraj I knew in Mumbai has no connection with this dubious guy in Kolkata.\"Anurag decided to bury the incident till he came across another actor, recently, who narrated a similar story. \"This actor, Jhilik, knows my relative. Though she spoke to this guy, she also gave me a call. That's how I came to know about this. Now I'm thinking of taking legal action since I can't risk anyone misusing my name and promising roles.\"Jhilik, who was also a finalist of the CT Fresh Face contest and has worked in Bengali movies, says, \"This guy called me up and said he is both the casting director and financier of Anuragda's films. He said he had sourced my number from somewhere and was casting for Anuragda's next, to be produced by Anuragda himself. He spoke in a way that it seemed as if he knew Anuragda's entire family very well. Not just Anuragda's film, he also said he was casting for the directorial debut of Anuragda's film editor.\"Before Jhilik spoke to Anurag, she sent across her portfolio to this guy. \"I have sent a whole lot of pictures to him. He received them and told me that he would be coming to town next week and that we should meet up for subsequent discussions on the movie. Now that I have spoken to Anuragda, I'm very scared. I don't know if my pictures will be misused by this guy. I have had a word with Anuragda and he said that he will be pressing for legal actions because nobody should have any business harming his image.\"When TOI called up on the number that supposedly belonged to this guy, the calls went unanswered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399402", "title": "Mosquito menace in Bandra as pipe leak goes unattended", "text": "A leaking sewerage pipe that has created a permanent puddle outside a prominent coffee shop at Bandra Bandstand has given a new breeding ground for mosquitoes. Despite the pipe leaking for four months and repeated calls to the BMC, no solution seems to be in sight.With the number of customers on the rise during the weekends, the coffee shop officials visited the ward office and apprised the authorities of the situation. In response, the BMC authorities said they would only be fixing the problem once the regular checks begin before the monsoon.\"They have told us that they will be taking up the case ahead of monsoon. They would fix the pipeline when the routine check begins,\" said an official of the coffee shop.Frequent visitors to the cafe, too, complain about the mosquito menace created by the broken pipeline. \"I come to this cafe very often. I can read and enjoy the scenic beauty . But lately this mosquito menace has totally spoilt the good time that I had sitting here at the cafe. I simply don't understand why the authorities can't fix the problem. Cars passing by also splash the water that remains stagnant,\" said 26-year-old Lisa Roy.A BMC official maintained that they were not aware of the situation and would be looking into the matter. \"We haven't received any formal complaint from anyone in that building. However, we will look into the matter and figure out a way to fix the problem,\" said the official.But another ward official H Nikam said, \"The entire area near the cafe has caved in due to which the pipeline has burst. We have been attending to a number of complaints in that area. We will soon take up the case.\"For now, the coffee shop is burning mosquito repellent coils to safeguard its customers from the blood sucking midge-like flies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12398464", "title": "Bengal to get two more hospitals", "text": "KOLKATA: By the end of 2013, Devi Shetty's hospital chain Narayana Hrudayalaya will add two more hospitals in Bengal - one each in Siliguri and Bolpur.The hospital chain has already made its presence felt in the state with two medical facilities - Rabindranath Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences in Kolkata and a tie-up with IQ City Health &amp; Knowledge Campus in Durgapur.\"For the Siliguri project, we are in the final stage of getting the building plan sanctioned, while the Bolpur project is in an advanced stage of planning and discussion,\" said Devi Shetty on Saturday.Construction of the Siliguri project will start by August 2012 and it will involve an investment of Rs 16 crore. Investment for the Bolpur project will be Rs 15 crore.Emphasizing the need for a proper healthcare system in the country, Shetty said: \"We need one million doctors, two million nurses and three million beds to address the need of proper healthcare in the country. Bu we are far away from that target.\" Shetty also predicted that the cost of healthcare will decline significantly with time.In July 2011, Shetty had met chief minister Mamata Banerjee and had proposed to set up more hospitals in rural Bengal with the state government. Asked about progress of the plan, he said: \"They (state government) are moving briskly. But it is going to take time.\" He added that like all state governments, the Bengal government lacked the technical knowhow to set up hospitals in partnership with the private sector.Regarding fire safety norms in hospitals, Shetty said it was one of the most important things that hospital authorities needed to ponder over. \"We are extremely cautious about fire safety.\"The hospital chain is going to manage and run the hospital in the IQ City Health &amp; Knowledge Campus, said Bipin Vohra of SPS group, a promoter of IQ City.Sanjay Jhunjhunwala of Mani Group, another promoter of IQ City, said the first phase of the 50 acre hospital and medical college project will be over by 2012-end. \"It would entail an investment of Rs 450-500 crore. The second phase will come up in the next three years depending on the prospect of the first phase.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "meerut", "code": "12403794", "title": "10-year-old girl gangraped in Meerut", "text": "MEERUT: A 10-year-old girl was gangraped by two youths here, police said today.The incident took place yesterday at Shergari area when the girl had gone to a shop near her residence. The youths took here to an isolated area and raped her, they said.The girl has been rushed to a hospital by some locals, who spotted her lying in a critical condition on the road.One of the accused was arrested today, while the other is still at large, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12397965", "title": "\u2018Cops shielding accused in 77-yr-old\u2019s murder\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: The family members of 77-year-old Anand Swaroop, whose body was found in an abandoned house in Pratap Nagar in January, met chief minister Ashok Gehlot and accused the police of shielding some of the accusedbehind the murder. Some army officers and family members of the victim, including his son, a retired army man, said the chief minister had ordered a CID CB investigation into the incident. Retired army man Yashwant Prakash Sharma, son of the victim, along with other defence officers met the CM drawing his attention to the lax manner in which the investigations had been carried out so far. Police in February arrested Rajender Singh, brother of an Ex BJP councilor and property dealer Baldev Singh and Dev Kishan in the matter, however, many anomalies in the investigations have surfaced, Yashwant claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399062", "title": "We got the National Awards to go digital'", "text": "Manipuri cinema will turn 40 early next month. Film-maker Haobam Paban Kumar tells Utpal Borpujari about the movie industry in a state where militants have shut all cinema hallsIn an age when cinema is going digital, has Manipur shown the way to other regional cinema?Yes, indeed. In Manipur today a popular film with four or five songs costs Rs 5 lakh. No wonder we have 60 to 70 releases a year. If cinema is about telling stories then Manipur has shown the way to the rest of India.It's been 40 years of Manipuri cinema. How have you evolved?Manipuri cinema is doing extremely well in terms of commerce , for the risks of losses are low. But content wise the golden days were in the so-called celluloid era. Of the 70 films made in a year now, only 10 will have strong universal content or talk about contemporary Manipur. The earlier films did well at the national and international festivals because of their content. Today we have boymeets-girl stories. But there has been a drastic change in documentary and short filmmaking in the last 10 years.What is the way ahead for northeast cinema?Digital. So let's make the most of it.What are the strengths and weaknesses of Manipuri cinema?We've taken the right path by going digital but we have also, largely, been catering only to the needs of popular cinema.As Manipur celebrates four decades of its cinema, what would you like to say to the outside world?The credit for the inclusion of digital films at the Indian Panorama and National Awards goes to the Manipur film industry. It was their PIL that did it. That sort of collaboration helps small industries likes ours, which is why there should be a platform to allow people to watch cinema from other parts of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12399508", "title": "State holds second spot in malnourished children", "text": "RANCHI: The first meeting of the Jharkhand State Nutrition Council (JSNC) came with a number of shocks for chief minister Arjun Munda, who is also the council chairman.The chief minister was shocked to know that Jharkhand has maximum number of malnourished children in the country just after Madhya Pradesh. While Jharkhand has 56.5% malnourished children, Madhya Pradesh has 60% children in this bracket. Social welfare minister Bimla Pradhan and chief secretary S K Chaudhary were also present.Sources present in the meeting said that the second shock for the chief minister was when he came to know that Jharkhand is among the six severe acute malnourished state and around 20% children are in waste category. Wasting, or low weight for height, is a strong predictor of mortality among children under five years. It is usually the result of acute significant food shortage and or disease.Around 5.3 lakh children (around 11%) below five years are in category of severely wasted category and need immediate medical assistance. \"The expressions on face of the chief minister was enough to tell that he was shocked with the state of affairs in the state,\" said a source, adding that he immediately asked the social welfare department secretary to prepare detailed requirement list of medicine and food supplements that can help in improving the situation at the earliest.Officials in the chief minister's secretariat said that the social welfare secretary has been asked to identify those children who need therapeutic food along with medication. \"The secretary was asked to prepare a project report and put up for approval before the cabinet at the earliest,\" said an official.The chief minister also asked to install filter in tube wells of anganwadi centres so that children get quality potable water. \"The chief minister also asked to improve monitoring mechanism at division level by constituting a committee under chairmanship of divisional commissioner,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399371", "title": "Cure for drug resistant TB now available in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: Treatment for a more lethal type of tuberculosis (TB) called multi-drug resistant TB will now be available at several centres in the city. The treatment is called DOTS plus therapy, the facility which started at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University's pulmonary medicine department here on Saturday. TB clinics associated with the city hospital too would have the facility soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12398264", "title": "Tension grips Hasapur over dispute in temple", "text": "MAPUSA: Tension gripped Hasapur in Pernem taluka following a dispute between mahajans (temple committee members) of Shree Sateri Bramhani devasthan on Friday over rights to perform special rituals on the occasion of Gudi Padwa (Hindu New Year`s day).The trouble began when the temple committee members Kehsav Mulik and Santosh Mulik and their families objected to the performance of rituals by mahajan Dhananjay Mulik's family and locked the temple door.Fearing a law and order situation, a large contingent of police personnel was deployed at the temple since morning. The rituals were performed under strong police protection by Dhananjay and family after the temple locks were broken by the villagers. Police also arrested 13 persons from the faction opposing the ritual performance and released them late Friday evening.Last year, the rituals were performed by mahajans Sakharam Mulik and Ladu Mulik and their families and, as per the tradition, this year the rituals were to be performed by Dhananjay Mulik and family.Pernem deputy collector Ajit Panchwadkar, joint mamlatdar Shama Narvekar and Pernem police inspector C L Patil were present at the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399384", "title": "Tower Of Deceit", "text": "MUMBAI: Controversial former chief minister Ashok Chavan, who is allegedly involved in the Adarsh scam, has found support from an unexpected quarter.His arch political rival and Union minister for earth science Vilasrao Deshmukh personally called on him at his Nanded residence. \"In his hour of crisis, I am with him. I have come here to express my solidarity with him,\" Deshmukh said. Deshmukh was in Nanded to preside over a convocation at the Nanded-based Swami Ramanandteerth Marathwada University. After delivering the convocation address, Deshmukh drove straight to the residence of Ashok Chavan, where the two were closeted for more than an hour.After it was confirmed that Ashok Chavan had misused his position to favour Adarsh society and in lieu secured flats for his close relatives , Congress president Sonia Gandhi not only sacked him, but later the CBI registered a criminal case against him. Ever since Deshmukh took over the reins of the state in 1999, he was at loggerheads with Ashok Chavan, despite the fact that Chavan's father, Shankarrao was his political mentor.Now Deshmukh's unscheduled meeting with Ashok Chavan assumes significance . \"Since they are sailing in the same boat, they must have come together. Chavan is involved in the Adarsh land scam, Deshmukh too is at the receiving end for granting favours to film producer Subhash Ghai . The high court has passed strictures against Deshmukh and so far, there is no relief to him from the apex court,\" a senior Congress minister said.Deshmukh, who too had dealt with the Adarsh proposal , is the second top Congress leader to meet Ashok Chavan. A month ago, CM Prithviraj Chavan too had called on Ashok Chavan at his residence. Then too, the CM had said while Ashok Chavan was passing through a critical period , the Congress government was fully with him.While the CBI is seized of the Adarsh scam, a commission , set up under the Commission of Inquiry Act too is probing the issue, particularly on the ownership of the land and if there was reservation for Kargil heroes.The commission is expected to submit an interim report on the two crucial issues to the state government in April. Significantly, while the commission has recorded the statements of most of the members of the society and top bureaucrats, so far it has not summoned Deshmukh, former CM Sushilkumar Shinde and Ashok Chavan to record their statements. \"We feel the commission must record their statements and they should be cross-examined , otherwise the entire exercise will be futile,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12398287", "title": "\u2018Over 2.7 lakh die of TB every year'", "text": "PATNA: Over 2.7 lakh persons die of tuberculosis (TB) every year in India, which is on top of the 22 countries badly affected by the disease. India and China together have 40% of the total TB patients in the world.In Bihar, there were 76,404 confirmed TB patients registered with government hospitals in 2011. However, the mortality rate in the state was as low as 2.8%. These figures stumbled out on Saturday at a workshop organized by Tuberculosis Demonstration &amp; Training Centre (TBDC) to mark World TB Day.\"TB is really a very serious problem. It is a misconception that the disease has been eradicated,\" said deputy state programme officer, TB, Dr B K Mishra. India has the maximum number of patients and 750 of them die every day, he said. Only 44% cases are reported at the government hospitals, Dr Mishra added. \"Over 1.50 lakh new cases of TB are added every year in Bihar but only half of them are reported,\" said Manish Bhardwaj, who works for the TB patients. TB affects people of all age groups. But out of 76,404 patients registered last year, 71,878 were above 15 years of age. The doctors attending the workshop said 89% of new cases and 81% of relapse cases were successfully treated.For the treatment of TB patients, a pilot programme, known as 'directly observed treatment System' (DOTS), was executed from 1993 to 1996. The programme was extended in phased manner from 1997 to 2006. From March 2006, it was launched in every district. Under this programme, cartons of medicines are provided to each confirmed patient. But they have to take medicine in front of somebody, said Manish, an electrical engineer from Massachusetts University (USA). He has been working for TB patients in six panchayats of Dalsingsarai block in Samastipur district for nearly two years. He has launched 'Aahan TB programme' with active support of local youths.Manish made a representation on 'Ordinary people making extraordinary efforts', saying his team of nine persons was making efforts to control TB. Asha workers were helping him in identifying TB patients and taking them to designated microscopic centre for treatment, Manish added.Principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha and executive director of State Health Society, Sanjay Kumar, also threw light on the state government's programmes to check the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12404016", "title": "13-year-old girl from West Bengal rescued in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Police have rescued a 13-year-old girl from West Bengal who was allegedly being married to a 30-year-old man in the district.The minor told the police that she hailed from West Bengal and was on her way to Patna to meet her grandmother when she was lured by a woman to accompany her.The girl was kept in a house in Massoorie area and was to be married to a local man of more than twice her age.The man is absconding, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399550", "title": "Like this? get paid", "text": "When a friend asked Bhargavi Narayanan if she would like to be part of a marketing strategy for a leading chocolate company , she decided to do it for a lark. All she had to do was join an online discussion forum and post complimentary comments about the brand's new ad campaigns. In return, she got a hamper full of chocolates.\"A person from the marketing team would start a discussion and I had to come up with smart comments . If it gave an insight into the product, I earned points and eventually got a hamper,\" says 23-year-old Narayanan. \"I had to do it cleverly so that it did not seem obvious that I was promoting the brand.\"More companies across India are roping in people like Narayanan who are active on social media to tweet , blog and post comments on networking sites about products and services.\"People with large followings are a huge social influence as whatever they say is perceived as good,\" says Sandeep Makam, managing partner, Be Positive 24, an advertising agency. \"Companies approach them to post comments on their behalf.\"The reason why brands are scouting online is that it is cheap and has immense reach. \"Companies have realised it's a tool that doesn't cost much. You can run a social media campaign for six months to a year with the money you would spend on one full-page newspaper ad,\" says Makam. \"And everyone is on Facebook or Twitter.\"Companies depend on social media to find the right people. \"You figure out who is influential online by looking at the frequency of their posts and the amount of interaction they get on them,\" says Sandhya Sadananda of Windchimes Communications , a social media agency.Somebody with a wide network is regarded as an influencer. \"For instance , on a technology forum, what a few knowledgeable say have an impact ,\" says Sadananda.These influencers are usually approached by companies or agencies. \"We get them to try a product or experience and then leave it to their discretion to write about it,\" she says.Since Lakme Salon is her client, during the annual Lakme Fashion Week, Sadananda's agency interacted with designers and stylists on Twitter . \"We gave a designer a haircut at a salon and she wrote about it,\" she says. \"The ITC group, which has a chain of restaurants, is one of our clients. We get people who write about food to experience the cuisine and then comment on it.\"Mumbai-based Tanveer Parmar, for instance, was approached by a leading skincare company a year after she began blogging about beauty products. \"I began the blog after I realised there were hardly any reviews of Indian brands,\" she says.Apart from her regular day job, she regularly writes and tweets about products that are sent to her. \"Whenever a new range comes out, they send it to me. Whether I review it or what I say is left to me,\" says Parmar, who has more than 500 followers on Google+, 500 on Facebook, and 600 people who subscribe to her blog.While using social media to market products has evolved in the West, it's a couple of years since it has picked up here, says Sadananda. \"Microsoft does a preview with bloggers before they launch a product. Master Chef India 2 had a huge bloggers' meet before they went on air.\"The credibility of the comment or post is not an issue, she says. \"We don't give incentives. We approach people who have a passion for a particular subject,\" she says. \"Also, the person will not be writing about just one particular product or service.\"Makam says that it is difficult to figure out who is really credible online . \"There are many people who comment about various things. It is hard to say what is paid for and what is not,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399562", "title": "'This villain will surely go to heaven'", "text": "He took away one of my legs, so that He could support me He took away sight from my eyes, so that He could lead me through the darkness He is caring for me a lot, carrying me like a tiny tot In this, as I remain totally dependent on Him, I see the beauty of his designThis is no Biblical verse nor was the man who uttered it a near-despondent Job. Instead it was what Malayalam cinema's favourite villain Jose Prakash wrote last Christmas for a devotional magazine, words that reflected an epiphany at the end of an eventful life. The real Jose Prakash was the complete opposite of his screen persona. Onscreen, his villainy as serial rapist or a bloody killer who would snuff out life with the same ease he dragged on his pipe won him a huge fan following, making him perhaps the first bad character to enjoy star status. However, in real life, as anyone who had the fortune to even fleetingly interact with him would vouch, he always stood by what he thought was right whenever he had to choose between right and wrong. That's why actor Janardhanan , one of his close friends and colleagues, said: `` This villain will surely go to heaven .'' Jose Prakash had a huge circle of friends from within the fraternity and outside, and to them he was first and foremost a singer and storyteller , a mentor and role model, a friend and guide. Incidentally, the title of his first movie was Right and Wrong. He was then K Baby Joseph (one reason why he is still Babychaayan for hundreds of people), a lance naik (incidentally , he was assigned to protect Gandhiji during the Partition riots) who had returned home after a seven-year stint in the (then) Royal Army. He then joined the Travancore Police. But his passion for singing soon brought him to filmdom.His entry into Mollywood's black and white screen was a freak coincidence. Actor Thikkurissi and composer Dakshinamoorthy heard Babychaayan , who was then an active member of theatre groups in Kottayam , singing at a cultural event. Dakshinamoorthy wanted him to sing for movies. Thikkurissi wanted him to act. And Jose Prakash (as he was rechristened by Thikkurissi) went on to act and sing to present Kerala a new face and style.For his character `Silver Head' , Jose Prakash tonsured his head and had it painted to do justice to his role in Love in Kerala. Though he made waves as a new and different kind of villain, in reality he was a character artiste, something that stood out unambiguously when he played roles like that of Snapaka Yohannan and Devendran.But he always happy portraying the villain. He used his mastery of English language (thanks to the books he read at the libraries of Royal British Army) to perfect his character. The manner in which he laced his dialogues with English phrases inspired generations of actors including the likes of Mammotty.Jose Prakash's relevance doesn't end with the fact that he redefined villain characters or enacted rape scenes with such finesse that moviegoers mourned for the victims. He continued to be deeply rooted in reality - saving money for family, producing movies, encouraging new actors (interestingly the macho Jayan was his find).His only regret in life was that he couldn't trace the Gorkha who once saved his life. During the late forties, he was robbed while transiting through West Bengal. Left with no money or identification papers on a railway platform , Joseph Prakash was totally devastated, a bad jaundice infection completing his misery.He fell unconscious. `` I was woken up by a Gorkha who bought me hot tea and took me to a hospital. He would visit me every day for three months I spent there. But on the day of discharge, he didn't turn up. And I continued my search for him. I wanted to meet him. For I saw god in him,'' the actor said in his Christmas message.Perhaps, his life was supposed to be dotted with such events and incidents that belie comprehension . His peaceful death within hours of being selected for the prestigious J C Daniel Award was true to character. The mystery of Jose Prakash abides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401803", "title": "Sid gears up for the IPL", "text": "Post the success of Siddharth's movie \"Love Failure\" which also marked his debut as a producer, the actor is now gearing up for a new innings - the Indian Premier League - that begins from April 4.Siddharth who is a self-proclaimed cricket buff says, \"I am gearing up for a hectic IPL this year...hope I can make it for as many of our games as possible!\"The team he is supporting is an obvious guess as he has always lends his support to the Hyderabad home team - the Deccan Chargers. \"Bleed (dark) blue. Go Chargers!\" he says further.The actor is, however, sad that Hyderabad lad and spinner Pragyan Ojha is no longer with the home team for this season of the IPL as he was bought by the Mumbai team and will now be playing under the master blaster Sachin Tendulkar . Wishing Pragyan luck, Sid says, \"Good luck Ojha! It's going to be strange seeing you in a different shade of blue! We'll miss you.\"But for now, till the IPL season begins, Siddharth is busy with David Dhawan in Mumbai for the last leg of a Hindi film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12398256", "title": "\u2018Orthopaedic treatment fairly advanced in Bihar\u2019", "text": "PATNA: Leading orthopaedic surgeons from different parts of the country and the world discussed here on Saturday the latest technologies being used in operation and special care of trauma patients.They were participating in the three-day current concept in trauma (CCT) conference organized by Trauma Society of India (TSI). The participating surgeons shared their experience in treatment and operation of trauma patients, including those injured in accidents. They discussed the latest advances in locking plates and nails for fixing bones of even the old-aged patients whose bones have become brittle.Dr Jeffery Reid of Edinburgh Royale Hospital, UK, told TOI that prevention of road accidents, pre-hospital care of patients and rushing them quickly to the trauma centre were the pre-requisites for treating trauma cases.He said the latest designs of locking plates, nails and other equipments have brought revolution in trauma care methods. He said in the UK, patients are taken from the accident site to a trauma centre in 20 minutes.Dr Kuku-sun Khong from National University Health System, Singapore, said internet had brought evolution in treatment of trauma cases as the doctors across the world could contact super specialists working at the best trauma centres.He said that a portable XRay machine, named Image Intensifier TV, was now being widely used by the orthopaedic surgeons as its instant image makes it easier for doctors to set bones. Dr D D Tanna of Jaslok Hospital and Breach Candy Hospital, Mumbai, said the orthopaedic treatment was fairly advanced in Bihar as doctors from the state frequently visited Mumbai to learn the latest techniques. He said the government should set up modern trauma centres with latest equipments, plastic surgery and specialists on 24-hour job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12401028", "title": "Kick cigarette butt on TB Day, doctors advise", "text": "INDORE: Doctors on the Tuberculosis day urged people to quit smoking and other intoxicants as they increase the risk of the TB infection.Doctors say smoking affects lungs and increases chances of infections by 20% in people who smoke six cigarettes a day.Dr Sanjay Dixit, head of department, Community Medicine said, \"Lungs' TB is most common. Since smoking directly damages lungs, chances of developing TB infection are high in comparison to those who do not smoke.\" It is advisable to give up smoking and live a healthy life, he added.HIV infection is another reason of for TB. The infection reduces body immunity at which gives space to TB bacteria to damage organs, he added.In addition to these, irregular lifestyle and unhealthy food habits too increase the risk of infection, doctors say. Such habits affect children as they are at a higher risk of developing cervical gland TB. Genital TB in women and intestinal TB are two other common forms of the disease.\"Healthy lifestyle coupled with balanced diet help decrease the chances of developing the disease,\" Dr Vijay Chajjlani, district TB officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12398341", "title": "Meet to spruce up disaster management", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Disaster Management Officers' Association opened its 32nd biennial state conference in the city on Saturday. The two-day conference is being held at Moulali Yuba Kendra. Fire services and disaster management minister Javed Ahmed Khan was also present at the programme.The minister said that the government has been working to raise awareness about disaster management and framing a mechanism for effective response to any disaster. \"The government is taking action. We are trying to arrange for more advanced firefighting equipment. Moreover, disaster management could be made a compulsory chapter in the school curriculum. Nothing could be better if the process of creating awareness is initiated at the school-level itself,\" Khan said. He also asked the association to make suggestions on the proposal after which the matter will be discussed at the government level.Apart from preparing plans on disaster management and creating awareness at different levels, the association has undertaken relief and distribution work, said senior disaster management officer Himadri Maitra. The main approach towards disaster management has been translated into a roadmap covering institutional mechanisms, disaster prevention strategy, early warning system, disaster mitigation, preparedness and response and human resource development.The state government has already taken several initiatives in disaster management like disaster prevention and mitigation, capacity building for disaster response, flood preparedness and response to floods, earthquake risk mitigation, urban earthquake vulnerability reduction project, national cyclone risk management project, landslide hazard mitigation and disaster risk reduction programme. Workshops have been held on women empowerment and on organizing awareness programmes at the district level. As for the city, the association has been working in coordination with Kolkata Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12399568", "title": "Veteran actor Jose Prakash is dead", "text": "KOCHI: A day after Kerala honoured him with the highest award, veteran Malayalam actor Jose Prakash died in a private hospital here on Saturday afternoon following prolonged illness. He was 86. On the eve of his death, the government had conferred on him the JC Daniel award for his contributions to Malayalam film industry.Known for anti-hero roles in 400-odd films in a career that spanned five decades, Jose Prakash was Malayalam's first sophisticated villain. Born in Changanassery in 1926 and christened Babychan, he joined the military service and served British Indian army for eight years. Later, he formed Kottayam Arts Club with his friends where he was the lead singer. It was Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair who, after seeing his performance, invited him to be a singer for his directorial debut, 'Sheriyo Thetto' in 1953. And the credit for changing his name to Jose Prakash goes to Thikkurissy.His first break as an actor was 'Bhakta Kuchela' in 1961. But as a villain , his major break was in 'Olavum Theeravum' in 1969 and he later went on to do many films mostly in villain roles. Jose Prakash is survived by his six children - Elsamma, Gracy, Susan , Rajan, Jasmine and Shaji. Late Chinnamma is his wife. Funeral will be held with full state honours on Monday at St Mary's Basilica cemetery in Kochi at 11.30 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12399531", "title": "He died peacefully", "text": "KOCHI: On Saturday morning Jose Prakash was drifting between sleep and consciousness in the intensive care unit at Sunrise Hospital. By noon, his condition worsened and he breathed his last at 2.30 pm.Daughter Gracy Johnson said her father was pretty jovial and was smiling at everyone on Saturday morning. \"He was in pain for the past few days and kept saying that he didn't want to meet visitors. On Friday evening, he was unconscious most of the time,\" said Gracy.Family members had returned home after visiting him, when a call came informing them that the actor's condition was critical. \"By the time we reached the hospital, he had left us,\" she said.People crowded the hospital premises to get a glimpse of their favourite actor after news channels confirmed his death. Media-persons thronged the corridors, family members and friends rushed in from various parts of the city to pay their respects. Congress leader V M Sudheeran, Malayalam actors Siddique, Lalu Alex and Janardhanan visited the hospital.Later, the body was shifted to his Aluva residence, where film personalities and cultural leaders paid homage to him. On Monday morning, his body will be brought to Ernakulam town hall. The funeral will be held at St Mary's Basilica cemetery with full state honours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "12398388", "title": "Technology student 'thrashed' by seniors", "text": "DURGAPUR: A second-year engineering student of Durgapur Institute of Advanced Technology and Management sustained ear injury after being allegedly ragged by senior students.The victim has been admitted to Durgapur Bidhannagar subdivisional hospital and is undergoing treatment. A complaint was lodged by the victim's father at Kanksa police station on Friday afternoon.Dibyendu Mallik, a second-year student of electronics and telecommunications, was reportedly ragged on Thursday. In his written complaint, the victim's father, Ananda Mallik, has alleged that Prosenjit Kumar and Ashish Kumar, both fourth-year students of computer science and engineering, beat up his son.PK Prasad, principal of the college, said that he has directed the anti-ragging committee to conduct a probe and submit a report. Kanksa Police have initiated an investigation and action will be taken against the guilty,\" Prasad added.In another incident of ragging, a first-year student, of Malandighi Engineering and Industrial Technology Institute at Kanksa, was allegedly beaten up by three senior students. Based on the complaint of the victim, three second-year students - Ananda Shankar, Manish Sharma and Prabhakar Raj were immediately suspended.While Ananda was suspended for six months, Manish and Prabhakar were suspended for ten days each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398640", "title": "\u2018Publish list of power bill defaulters\u2019", "text": "PUNE: City-based Sajag Nagrik Manch (SNM) has sent a letter to the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission, urging the regulator to direct the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited to publish lists of defaulters who have not paid electricity bills for months on end.\"The distribution company's tariff revision proposal will come up for consideration shortly. We fear that the inefficiency of the distribution company in recovering arrears will translate into higher tariff rate for honest consumers,\" the letter said.The manch said the distribution company should be asked to put on its website details of category-wise outstanding/arrears of consumers and also the period when electricity bills have not been paid. \"We have reasons to believe that the distribution company's arrears/outstanding may be to the tune of Rs 1,000 crore,\" said Vishwas Sahasrabuddhe of the SNM.He said recently the SNM had sought information under the RTI about all category of consumers (excluding below poverty line) in Pune who owed bill arrears of Rs 5000, Rs 10,000 and Rs 20,000 since 2001 to 2011. \"The distribution company refused to furnish the details stating that the information asked by the manch is not available in required format as demanded,\" he said.Public information officer Atmaram Khandekar, in his reply dated March 22, said as per the clarification by Union ministry of personnel, public grievances and pensions, provisions in the RTI Act simply meant that information sought in the form of photocopy shall be provided in the form of a photocopy and that it did not mean that the information officers have to re-shape the information to suit the format demanded by the applicants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399359", "title": "Air India cabin crew back to work", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of Air India flight attendants, who stayed off work for the past four days demanding payment of their pending dues, decided to resume duties late on Friday.\"The airline will pay us salary for the months of December and February, sustenance allowance for November and flying allowance payable for the month of October,\" said a cabin crew member. \"The protest is off, the cabin crew members have joined duty,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12399605", "title": "Pep to education and health care sectors", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The district panchayat budget 2012-13 is enriched with a battery of schemes for the education and health sectors. A common colour code for government school buildings, and napkin vending machines in schools are some of the new projects in the budget.Under the colour code scheme, all school buildings will be painted a mix of green and orange to give them a distinct look. Government higher secondary schools at Poovachal and Punnamoode have already been given a new look. A sum of Rs 71 lakh has been allotted for the project.The panchayat has already issued the tender to a private company to install napkin vending machines in schools, especially in rural areas. Students need to insert one rupee coin into the machine for getting napkins. A machine has already been installed at a school at Punnamoode.Another scheme, Unarvu, aims at counselling students who fare badly in class exams. Another project, Vidya prasadam, is meant for students who require special attention. The panchayat hopes to establish at least ten schools in different areas that will be on par with the private schools in the city. Special nutritious food for HIV affected students also figure in the budget.The budget also lists projects to enhance students' reading and agricultural skills. All school libraries will be provided new books and librarians will be recruited. All these schemes are to be implemented at a cost of Rs 23 crore. Funds have also been allotted to establish palliative care centres and to install eco-friendly recycling units at district hospital premises.A common colour code for government school buildings, and napkin-vending machines in schools are some of the new projects in the budget", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12398055", "title": "Snag at Virar hits Western Railway locals", "text": "MUMBAI: Suburban services on Western Railway were affected for two hours due to a technical snag at Virar. According to officials, a train's pantograph got entangled around 12.30pm. It took two hours for officials to restore the services.During the period, five suburban services were terminated at Bhayander and Vasai, instead of Virar. Train services on the Borivli-Virar route were running late by 20 to 25 minutes.Central Railway services were running late by 10 minutes due a technical hitchat Mumbra around 1.45pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397561", "title": "'Divorce epidemic due to sex-starved marriages'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sex-starved marriages leading to divorce are becoming an \"epidemic\", the Delhi high court has observed, while granting divorce to a husband, maintaining that denial of sex by his wife amounted to mental cruelty.The man argued that in the five months he and his wife stayed as a couple after marriage, they had sex only 10-15 times. Dismissing the wife's plea against divorce, Justice Kailash Gambhir noted in his order earlier this week: \"Although it is difficult to exactly lay down as to how many times any healthy couple should have sexual intercourse in a particular period of time as it is not a mechanical but a mutual act, there cannot be any two ways about the fact that marriage without sex will be an insipid relation.\"According to case records, the couple married in February 1991 but the wife left five months later.The Delhi high court has granted divorce to a husband, maintaining that denial of sex by his wife amounted to mental cruelty.The court was hearing her appeal against the decision of a lower court to grant divorce to the husband. Denying her husband's charges, she sought the marriage to be restituted.The man, however, claimed that she had refused to have sex with him on the wedding night and was thereafter unresponsive; she \"was like deadwood when he had sexual intercourse with her\". Dismissing the wife's plea, Justice Gambhir stressed the importance of a healthy sexual relationship between a normal couple, though there may be exceptions.\"The sanctity of sexual relationship and its role in re-invigorating the bond of marriage is getting diluted and as a consequence more and more couples are seeking divorce due to sexual incompatibility and absence of sexual satisfaction,\" Gambhir said. \"That 'the twain shall become one flesh, so that they are no more twain but one'...(is the) real purpose of marriage .\"The court also took into account the wife's refusal to participate in traditional ceremonies and quarrels with her in-laws. The husband had also accused her of trying to steal jewellery from her mother-in-law. The fact that she slapped a dowry harassment in the Crime Against Women Cell only case to later unconditionally withdraw it, also raised HC's suspicions that her denials were baseless.While acknowledging that \"what happens in the four walls of the matrimonial home and what goes inside the bed room of a couple is either known to them or at the most members of the family\", Justice Gambhir found the testimony of the husband more creditworthy because his father seconded it while the wife failed to provide any evidence in her favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12403660", "title": "New talent should come in: Mythili", "text": "With most of the top league actresses of Mollywood either married or about to get married, Mythili is now much in demand.While Ee Adutha Kalathu has been getting good reviews, shoot is going on for her next - Mayamohini, where she is paired with Dileep. Coming up is Nadodimannan, where again Dileep plays the lead role. So is now the right time for her to make her mark in the industry? \"I haven't thought about it that way; new people will come in obviously and they should too. We should make space for them,\" says Mythili. However, the actress says she won't follow the footsteps of other actresses and place marriage over career. \"I haven't thought about marriage at all as of now. As for my career, it depends a lot on luck, I guess. If it were not for Salt N' Pepper, my career might have ended then and there. Nowadays, a lot of people have been advising me to take my career more seriously, to be more choosy,\" she says.So has she grown from the naive and inexperienced person she was when she entered the industry? \"Yes. But I have a long way to go and there is no end to learning, I guess ,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397521", "title": "With 143 medals, women rule at DU convocation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Women students of Delhi University walked away with around 75% of the medals and prizes for academic excellence at its 89th convocation held on Saturday. Women's colleges alone bagged 39 gold medals, led by Lady Shri Ram College with eight medals. Overall, Hindu continues to dominate the list with 17 medals, followed by Hansraj College with 14 medals and Maulana Azad Medical College with 11.This year, DU awarded 194 students from several colleges, departments and faculties with gold medals for demonstrating academic excellence in various subjects. Last year, 139 students were awarded. MBBS student Parul Gupta bagged seven medals, followed by BSc (H) (mathematics) student Anshika Mittal of Hansraj College, BA (H) (economics) student Mira Sethi of LSR, MSc (chemistry) student Samiksha Jain of Hindu College and MCom student Shilpa Maggo of Janki Devi Memorial College with four medals each. In all, women students bagged 143 medals.Campus colleges, too, presented a bright show, bagging 65 gold medals. DU also conferred PhD degree to 414 scholars this year, up by 33 from last year.Sam Pitroda, adviser to the Prime Minister on public information infrastructure and innovations, was the chief guest. Delivering the convocation address, Pitroda spoke about his journey from a small village in Odisha to lead the telecommunication reforms in the country. He also stressed the need to reform the education sector, adding that this is his primary aim now. \"Education is key to leapfrog the country to the next level. We have to keep in mind the disparity and different demography. Challenges we face today is in reforms. Every educational institution has become obsolete and a complete overhaul of the system is needed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12398747", "title": "Polished diamond imports fall by 80%", "text": "SURAT: Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC), the apex body of the Indian diamond industry, has expressed satisfaction over decline of about 80% in the polished diamond imports in February following the levy of 2% import duty by the government.GJEPC authorities said the sharp fall in polished diamond imports in the country has resulted in curbing of round-tripping of diamonds - a series of exports and imports of the same goods for the purpose of receiving greater bank financing - through import duty levy.\"Taxing polished diamond imports has stopped round-tripping of diamonds leading to sharp decline in exports as well. India exported $1.44 billion worth of polished diamonds in February, a 53.7% drop compared to February 2011,\" said a top GJEPC functionary.As per the import-export statistics released by GJEPC, the polished diamond imports sank 80% to just $476 million in February compared to the same month in the previous year.The volume of exports in February 2012 declined by 69% to 1.4 million carats from the 4.5 million carats imported a year before.Sources said government kept a close watch on the industry after GJEPC released its statistical report on the import of gems and jewellery in 2010-11, which showed huge import of polished diamonds worth $20 billion, an increase of 57% compared to previous year.After a detailed analysis, government concluded that the import of polished diamonds rose significantly after 2008 as a result of the then Union finance minister P Chidambaram scrapping the 3% import duty.After 2008, diamond traders risked the bank loans through round-tripping of diamonds. The practice was to use cheap finance to cover repeated exports of the same diamonds that had been imported. The funds helped shore up the balance sheet and show increased turnover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12397807", "title": "'It's not the end to oil search off Kochi'", "text": "KOCHI: The hydrocarbon exploration bid in the offshore areas of Kochi was rejected temporarily, said Union minister of state for food and public distribution K V Thomas. The bid was rejected because it was lower than the floor price fixed by the government. It could again come up for bidding after some time. This is the briefing we received in New Delhi on Friday, the minister told TOI on Saturday.\"These decisions are taken after technical evaluations. The petroleum ministry must have found that there was no need to accept the bidding at such low levels at this stage,\" he said.According to a press release on Friday night, the cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA) rejected the bids for ten blocks, due to less than 15% of profit petroleum to the government. But, CCEA has decided to award 16 blocks to the first ranked or single bidder, as recommended by empowered committee of secretaries. Officials at ONGC and directorate general of hydrocarbons (DGH) said they need time to verify whether the Kochi block was in the rejected list.ONGC officials said, explorations conducted in Kerala-Konkan basin, have not yielded very promising results. The prognosticated resources of Kerala-Konkan offshore basin are estimated to be 660 mmt.But hydrocarbon has been discovered all through the coastal areas of India except the Kerala-Konkan basin, said a DGH source. This basin's terrain offers several challenges. It is also financially risky and that could be a reason why companies are bidding at such low levels, an ONGC official said. A top official of BPCL Kochi Refinery said each exploration drilling attempt could cost about Rs 400 crore and couple of attempts have already been made in Kochi block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12398768", "title": "Harish Rawat set to attend dinner hosted by Vijay Bahuguna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union minister Harish Rawat is set to attend a dinner hosted by Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna on Sunday, delivering a public ceasefire message that he is bringing the curtain down for now on his protest against being ignored for the CM's post.Rawat is expected to go to Dehradun on his first visit to the state capital since Congress picked the relatively light weight Bahuguna as chief minister, triggering a revolt that all but imperiled its one-seat win over BJP in a hard fought assembly election.Bahuguna's dinner for newly-elected MLAs is an attempt to cement deep fissures in the legislature party that surfaced over the Tehri MP being made CM. With Rawat raising the banner of protest, a number of MLAs threw their lot with him, pitching tent at his Delhi residence and joining the over week-long dharna to mark their opposition against Bahuguna.Congress is eager to put a lid on the controversies with a show of unity. Its immediate concern is the election of assembly speaker and then the confidence motion. The chief minister's election to assembly is another challenge since he is a Lok Sabha MP. It would mark a risk for Congress which has only one seat more than BJP and is wary of getting its MLA to vacate the seat for chief minister.With an embarrassed leadership desperately moving in to save its face-saving victory from turning into defeat once it became apparent that party managers has bungled in advising the leadership, Rawat has relented for the time being. But with some Congress MLAs still playing truant by not taking oath as legislators, Rawant has amply demonstrated he holds the aces.According to sources, union minister is pleased with his nominees accommodated in the Bahuguna ministry and a close aide being given a Rajya Sabha berth. He may be able to further assert himself.However, factional peace could prove fragile since Congress enjoys just one-seat edge over BJP with seven independents and three BSP legislators roped in as additional insurance. Since a number of aspirants have been left out of ministry because of the compulsion to adjust \"outsiders\", there are fears that minor issues can flare into controversies with factional overtones.Rawat's presence at the dinner would be a message to people at large that he is backing the government. It would be a relief for the chief minister who found himself with little support among elected representatives. His woes were compounded by even senior leaders, not necessarily Rawat backers, staying away from taking oath in assembly on the first day as a mark of protest.Congress sources said they would prefer a BJP MLA to opt out in favour of Bahuguna, a strategy adopted by BJP chief minister BC Khanduri when he left parliament for state assignment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402218", "title": "Julia Roberts loves Lily Collins's dad", "text": "Actress Julia Roberts has revealed that she was thrilled to work on \"Mirror Mirror\" with Lily Collins because she is a big fan of Lily's rocker dad Phil Collins.The Oscar winning actress admits Phil Collins and his band Genesis is the sound of her youth so she was thrilled to get the chance to work with his daughter on the movie.Julia said: \"Are you kidding, Genesis? I'm in my forties. Genesis is like my youth.\"The 44-year-old also admitted she is happy not to be a young actress like Lily because it is so much more difficult to deal with fame than it was in her day.\"It seemed so much easier, it made more sense. It was more kind of a gradual progression of things I think for the way the business was when I started out. But she seems to be holding her own, she's got no problem. This culture of meanness is new,\" reports okmagazine.com.\"I like my job, I'm happy at work, it's fun and pretty extraordinary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12398956", "title": "Advani will not stand in BSY\u2019s way", "text": "BANGALORE: B S Yeddyurappa's meeting with L K Advani appears to have resulted in a shift in the BJP patriarch's stand over Yeddyurappa's reinstatement as CM, as now he would not stand in his way. Advani had opposed it saying that the former CM's arrest had embarrassed the party. \"It will be difficult to win against the corrupt Congress if my party too is bedeviled by similar weaknesses,'' he had said.That statement had angered Yeddyurappa, then in prison. To demonstrate his anger, the former CM had ensured that his supporters, including ministers, boycotted Advani's anti-corruption rath yatra when it came to Karnataka. L K Advani Minister Balachandra L Jarkiholi, who met Gadkari, Advani and others, claimed that the party president expressed concern over former minister B Sriramulu quitting the party.\"Sriramulu strived to build the party in the state,'' Jarkiholi quoted Gadkari as saying. Even as CM Sadananda Gowda and Yeddyurappa await party higher-ups' verdict on who will be CM after March 30, medical education minister S Ramdas, in Mysore, upped the ante by saying the issue would be resolved by April 15. \"BJP will take out a yatra to apologize to the people,'' he said. BSY is camping in his borough, Shikaripura in Shimoga, to ring in the new year and sight the auspicious moon.BSY appears in courtThe special court trying the denotification cases against Yeddyurappa and his kith and kin, asked complainant Sirajin Basha to furnish witnesses to enable the court to issue notices to them. Special judge N K Sudhindra Rao gave this direction while fixing April 18 as the next date of trial. BSY and his sons attended the hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kabul", "code": "12402742", "title": "IED blast in Afghanistan, NATO soldier among nine killed", "text": "KABUL: Seven Afghan policemen and a NATO soldier were among nine people killed when Taliban militants targeted them with an IED device in Kandahar province in southern Afghanistan, officials said on Sunday.Eight Afghans and one foreign soldier were killed in an Improvised Explosive Device (IED) explosion when the Afghan and foreign forces were on a foot patrol in Arghandab district in southern Kandahar province yesterday, officials said.\"Seven Afghan security forces, one Afghan translator and one NATO soldier were killed while they were on a foot patrol in the area,\" said Shah Mohammad Arghandab district administrator chief in Kandahar province.Three of the seven Afghan security forces were Afghan National police, four of them were local police from the district, added Mohammad. He also said another local police was wounded due to the blast. He has been moved to a nearby hospital for treatment.On the other hand, International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) this morning issued a press release and confirmed that one of their service members died following an IED attack in southern Afghanistan yesterday.According to the ISAF policy, no details have been given on the identification of the dead NATO soldier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397579", "title": "CBI seeks Gali aide\u2019s custody", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Saturday filed a plea in the city's special CBI court seeking a summons to Mehafuz Ali Khan, who was personal assistant to Gali Janardhan Reddy, as part of the case it is building in the OMC illegal mining scam.While the AP CBI team is looking into the OMC part of the scam, its counterpart in Karnataka is looking into mining irregularities by other companies which had links with Gali. Khan is currently in judicial custody in Bangalore. The AP team is likely to seek Khan's custody after he has been produced in court in Bangalore.CBI maintains that Khan was privy to several details of the scam and the investigative agency even issued a look-out notice to trace him. However, Khan eventually turned himself in at a Bangalore court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12404607", "title": "Punjab State Human Rights Commission to take final decision on police-Dubai hotelier \u201cnexus\u201d on May 7", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab State Human Rights Commission (PSHRC) has fixed May 7 for final hearing of a case involving Dubai-hotelier and saviour of 17 Indians SP Singh, his brother Gurjit Singh and three police officers allegedly colluding with the businessmen brothers in a \" hawala\" racket.\"The case is listed for final hearing on May 7 after both human rights lawyer and complainant Arvind Thakur and the police have recorded their versions,\" PSHRC chairman justice Jagdish Bhalla told The Times of India.The commission, however, has not yet been able to decide if the hearing has become infructuous after the Punjab and Haryana High Court on March 13 ordered Enforcement Directorate to decide on a complaint of whistle blower Vijay Pal Singh Dimpy against the hotelier who arranged blood money for 17 Indians facing gallows in Dubai for murdering a Pakistani. Though the brief high court order has been procured by the commission, it has to get the detailed order to decide about the final hearing.This case was filed by Arvind Thakur on January 20, 2009. Thakur claimed he and his organization started an investigation to detect \"hawala transactions\" allegedly involving the two brothers. The two brothers were getting protection from police officers including an IPS.Thakur said income-tax authorities on 11.6.2008 conducted a raid and seized from them the record regarding the transactions of \"Hawala\" money and amount of more than Rs 20 cr recovered from them.Taking cognizance in this matter in its order on January 22, 2009, the commission had called for a report from SSP Mohali. The SSP filed a report on February 2, 2009. Thakur trashed the SSSP's report on August 24, 2009. On March 11, 2010 SSP reported that the complainant failed to join investigation before the SSP. Thakur on October 21, 2010 replied to the SSP's contention. The case then got delayed due to adjournments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12397733", "title": "Minor girls escape kidnap attempt in", "text": "JAIPUR: Two bikers posing as sanyasis and suspected to members of a human trafficking gang, tried to kidnap two girls playing outside their house in Bharatpur on Friday evening.But when they failed to lure them even after offering money, they threw acid on the children. One of the girls sustained serious burn injuries on her legs and hands and is undergoing treatment at a hospital, while the other has been discharged after preliminary treatment.The local residents expressed anger over police's failure to nab the two men despite being informed immediately. The family members alleged that a similar incident of attempt to kidnap children have taken place in the neighbourhood. They suspect that the children were to be kidnapped by human trafficking gangs.According to the police, the incident took place in Atalbandh police station area of Bharatpur. \"Two girls, 11-year-old Krishna and 6-year-old Puja were playing outside their house when two men, one posing as a male swami, while other as a female wearing a sari, stopped their bike near them,\" said a police officer.They asked the two girls to come with them. \"According to eye-witnesses, the duo offered the girls Rs 50, but the elder girl not only refused to go with them, she also tried to protect her sister. When the duo insisted, the girls started crying,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399172", "title": "Akhilesh balancing act with projects", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after his father Mulayam Singh Yadav exhorted his party cadre to gear up for mid-term Lok Sabha elections, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday announced a slew of projects aimed at striking a balance between the urban middle class and the old guard while reaching out to those in the MBC segment.At a review meeting on urban development, Akhilesh directed officials to take up construction of memorials in the name of Jai Prakash Narain and Karpoori Thakur, a former chief minister of Bihar from the MBC caste. At the same time he issued directions to prepare a feasibility report on starting the metro, mono railway and bus rapid transport system in Lucknow, Kanpur, Agra and Varanasi to tackle the problem of traffic congestion and provide people public transport.One of them was PWD minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui, who has been indicted by the Lokayukta for disproportionate assets. The Lokayukta even recommended a CBI probe against him, though former chief minister Mayawati turned that down. The other is former health minister Anant Kumar Mishra, who was sacked by Mayawati after the NRHM scam snowballed. Mishra, in fact, had surprisingly defied the cabinet decision on e-procurement and had continued with the old manual tendering process.In the case of e-procurement, the entire bidding process, including registration, coding, bid opening, evaluation and awarding of contract, was to be done online. The hardware support was provided by Uttar Pradesh Electronics Corporation Limited, while software inputs were provided by the state technical unit of the National Informatics Centre (NIC). This left little scope for allowing fake bids, or allowing the entry of last-minute bidders according to political or bureaucratic will.And this replaced manual bidding where cash transactions were conducted and deals were struck during the notice period - the dates between the publishing of advertisements inviting bids and the last date of submitting completed forms. At times, contracts were even awarded to those parties that were not part of the pre-bid conferences. Contracts were even awarded after the bidding process was complete as some babus simply made back-dated entries to make them coincide with the notice period.The CAG report mentioned the loot going on in the health department. In just one instance, in July 2008, tenders were floated for buying 1,224 laproscopes; the contract was awarded to the second highest bidder, which exceeded the approved rate and escalated the project cost by 61%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12399427", "title": "Leopard cubs named, will be kept in zoo", "text": "VADODARA: Triplets Netra, Nain and Nayan are healthy now. They have been vaccinated against possible infections and have started consuming food. When the officials at Kamatibaug zoo say this they are not referring to children but leopard cubs, who were brought here after they were found deserted in a sugarcane farm in Jhagadiya taluka of Bharuch district.The cubs were found on January 12 and were brought to the zoo on January 19. They are aged three months and were given names on Saturday. Netra and Nain are females, while Nayan is a male cub. They had to stay at the zoo as their mother could not be located.In charge zoo curator Dr C B Patel said they will not be kept in larger enclosures. \"Presently, they have adapted well to their new environment and are fed boiled meat. They are brought out of their present enclosures away from public view for two hours in the morning and two hours in the evening under the watchful eyes of our employees,\" Patel said.Earlier, it was planned that the cubs may be left in the wild once they grow up. But the zoo and the forest department are now contemplating to keep them at the zoo itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398468", "title": "Diversion on Anna Salai chokes alternative routes", "text": "CHENNAI: When the traffic police closed one side of a stretch of Anna Salai for traffic on Saturday, it opened the floodgates of chaos and road rage. If the result of the trial of the second phase of traffic diversions to facilitate metro rail works is anything to go by, the situation on Monday could be worse.Despite newspaper reports about the diversions, several motorists coming from the Guindy side towards Gemini said they were caught unawares when asked to turn left at the Teynampet signal.From 9am, North Boag Road became a bottle neck as hundreds of vehicles were diverted there towards Gemini flyover, resulting in pile-ups on Anna Salai and several other connecting roads. To add to the chaos, signals on many of these stretches were on the blink, motorists said.Residents in the neighbourhoods had a tough time. A senior citizen with a history of two heart attacks developed wheezing, but his family could not rush him to hospital. \"We could not get the car out of the house. We had to carry him on our shoulders to the hospital,\" said a resident of Amudham Colony Apartments on South Boag Road.On North Boag Road,an old man trying to cross the road near the Singapore Consulate suffered minor injuries when an autorickshaw rammed his bicycle, further slowing down the traffic on the stretch.T Nagar, the commercial hub, was choc-a-bloc as confused motorists took the T Nagar route to get on to G N Chetty Road. Traffic policemen had a tough time controlling angry motorists who moved at a snail's pace. That there were hardly 100 traffic policemen on the affected roads did not help matters much. Confusion prevailed till around 5pm.As motorists spilled over from Anna Salai in search of alternative routes, the stretch from Kotturpuram to Anna Salai via Cenotaph Road, too, became congested. The lonely policeman on Cenotaph Road struggled to ease the traffic.Additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora said police had learned from Saturday's experience and would make some changes. \"We have identified two spots (on Thyagaraya Road and North Boag Road) where the median needs to be broken to allow vehicles to pass through. It will take a couple of days for people to get used to the new system,\" Arora said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12403689", "title": "Rajib and Srabanti's 10th anniversary", "text": "There's no compromising on family time for one of the busiest couples in Tollywood - Rajib and Srabanti.The duo will be completing 10 years of togetherness on Monday and both the director and his actor wife are taking a day off to spend time together. \"Yes, Srabanti and I will be celebrating our 10th anniversary on Monday. It feels as if we got married yesterday - how time flies by!\" said Rajib. But unlike the uber glam people from the industry, the duo is not throwing a bash to celebrate the occasion.On the contrary, they've chosen to spend a quiet time together. Rajib, who is shooting \"Bikram Singha - The Lion is Back\"\" with Prosenjit Chatterjee, says squeezing time out of his busy schedule has been a major issue. \"\"I've been shooting day and night and lost my voice by screaming 'action' he said. Srabanti, on the other hand, is busy shooting with Raj Chakrabarty for \"Kanamachi\"\". So, what are the plans for the day? Rajib explained that he will be leaving for Krishnanagore on Monday morning with Srabanti. \"\"My paternal home is in Krishnanagore and in the morning, we'll be offering puja at a temple there. The rest of the day, we plan to stay at home\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12398804", "title": "Government wants to focus on overall development", "text": "MYSORE: The state government is mulling establishing Tourism, heritage, exhibition, Nada Habba (THEN) Regional Development Authority to promote tourism, state festivals and conserve heritage in Mysore region.District minister S A Ramdas on Saturday justified the government's decision of dropping the constitution of Dasara authority in the budget, saying it was done to focus on the overall development of Mysore region, instead of Dasara festival alone. \"Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, who is also the finance minister, agreed to the proposed authority, and it will be approved in the supplementary budget,\" the minister claimed.Meanwhile, a meeting will be convened on March 31 to discuss the utilization of budgetary allocations to tourism development, setting up of Auto Nagar, a full-fledged unit of Jayadeva Heart Hospital, Shankara Sandesh Bhavan, the Mysore Palace project, mono rail, creation of Film City and the establishment of international cricket stadium in the city.Auto NagarMysore has hundreds of garages -- 1,500 for two-wheelers, 25 for three-wheelers and 600 for four-wheelers - catering to 5.43 lakh vehicles. To prevent pollution in the city, the government plans to set up Auto Nagar in four sides of Mysore. Garages, spare parts shops, service stations and painting facilities will be relocated from the city to Auto Nagar. Bandiplaya and Nachanahalli Palya have been identified for the project and in next phase another two centres will be created.Vendors' Co-Op SocietyThe city has some 6,000 street vendors and most of them carry out business by availing loan at high interest, on a daily basis. From the Rs 5 crore given to society, which has DC and MCC chief as its members, a micro-financing institution will be created to facilitate the vendors. Another Rs 2 crore is expected to provide housing for them.Shankara Sandesha BhavanIn memory of Sri Adishankaracharya and to introduce his philosophy to tourists visiting Mysore, a museum with library and a 16-foot statue of Shankaracharya will be created from the grant of Rs 2 crore at Shankaramutt premises near Mysore Palace. This apart, the message of Shankaracharya will be released in CD form.Swami Vivekananda MemorailA laser-based fountain display, on the lines of Lumbini Garden in Hyderabad, will come up at a cost of Rs 7 cr near Hotel Lalitha Mahal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12397998", "title": "Supreme Court stands up for rights of consumers", "text": "A judgement of the Supreme Court on 29 August, 2011, once for all settled the issue whether a consumer or an authorised Consumer Organisation Representative (ACOR) could represent consumers in the district consumer forum, state commission and national commission by clearly stating that an authorized representative has every right to represent, argue, appeal and perform all acts that is necessary.The Supreme Court hit the nail on the coffin of the efforts by traders and service providers, some district forum presidents, state commission presidents and most importantly the Bar Council of India to keep consumer representatives out and make this quasi-judicial tribunal a lawyers' forte.An earlier attempt by the state commission, Chennai (Justice M S Janarthanan) to bar ACOR was thwarted by the national commission when amicus curiae (advocate appointed by court to assist the court) Gopal Subramaniam, some consumer organizations and this writer argued against the commission's order and got it reversed.The problem cropped up again when a consumer dispute redressal forum of south Mumbai in a case filed against two tour operators in 2004 held that the authorized agent should not be allowed to appear as he was not an advocate although the Act clearly provides for that.The matter went to the state commission which stayed the proceedings and two writ petitions were filed against the state commission order in the Bombay high court which clearly said that authorised representatives can appear and consumers cannot be compelled to engage advocates. The tour operators, joined by the Bar Council of India appealed to the Supreme Court. The two-member bench of the Supreme Court referred the matter to a larger bench considering the importance of the case.The Supreme Court in a historic, well-researched judgement tracing the origin of the consumer movement said that in 1856, a select committee in U K had recommended that a cheap and easy remedy by a summary charge before a magistrate should be afforded to consumers who received adulterated or falsely described food. This suggestion was incorporated in the Merchandise Marks Act 1887.The Supreme Court pointed out that various statutes like the Income-tax Act, Sales Tax Act and Monopolies and Restrict Trade Practices Act permit non-advocates to appear before those forums. The SC added that the intention of legislators to protect the interests of consumers by giving them a speedy inexpensive remedy must be considered while construing a statute.If the representative is an incompetent person he can pose no competition to any professional and would not be engaged again. If he performs well, it would promote the cause of the Consumer Protection Act. Quoting provisions from statues and judgements of several developed countries, the court elaborated on how non-attorneys have been permitted to appear in these countries. It is indeed great news for all of us that the rights of the consumers and ACORs have been firmly reiterated.--S PushpavanamThe writer is the secretary, Consumer Protection Council, Tamil Nadu and can be contacted at consumerpc@rediffmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12400789", "title": "Gandhi Medical College: Two years on, level II lab still on the drawing board", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government approved an advanced laboratory for the study of bacteria and viruses in the wake of swine flue deaths. Another swine flu scare and two years later, the construction of Rs 22-crore laboratory at the Gandhi Medical College has not even started.The laboratory under the department of microbiology at the GMC was touted as first of its kind --Biological Safety Levels (BSL) level II laboratory--in Madhya Pradesh . Its budget was allocated and approved by the state cabinet, health department sources said.The laboratory building will have four floors with built-up area of 10,000 sq feet each, according to the plan.\"Tests related to various bacteria and viruses like hepatitis A , B, and C, influenza A, Lyme disease , measles , HIV and swine flu would be conducted in the laboratory,\" said Dr Deepak Dubey HoD, microbiology.\"The country's premier facility High Security Animal Disease Laboratory ( HSADL) Bhopal with bio-safety level-IV containment laboratory are the technical advisors for the project,\" said Dr Dubey. \"It is a large project with construction of 10,000 sq feet on each of the four floors. We do not want to change course mid-way,\" he added.In the absence of the facility at Bhopal, the health department is left with no option but to send samples to the Regional Medical Research Centre for Tribals, Jabalpur. The virology laboratory construction has also been delayed on account of a scoping exercise, to be carried out by Environment Planning and Coordination Organizations (EPCO) for the GMC and its associated hospitals. Sources at EPCO suggest that it would take another 12-16 weeks for the completion of the exercise, further adding to the delay.GMC authorities said laxity on the part of PWD was also responsible for the delay in the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12400928", "title": "Norway custody row: Kolkata NGO seeks permission to bring back kids from Oslo", "text": "KOLKATA: A Kolkata-based NGO has appealed to external affairs minister S M Krishna to assist it in bringing back to India the two children who are in the midst of a custody row in Norway.The NGO, India's Smile, which had earlier urged the government to bring back Abhigyan (3) and Aishwaraya (1), children of Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya, residing in Oslo, said it was willing to bear all expenses in bringing them up till they attained the age of 18.Secretary trustee of the NGO, Rajeev Sarkar said that it was his organisation which had first alerted the ministry of Overseas Indian Affairs about the plight of the two children in Oslo on December 19 last year. He claimed that thereafter M K Pande, the Ministry's under secretary, had contacted him and informed him that the government would move in the matter under the UN Convention of the Rights of the Child.The children were taken away by Norway's Stavanger Child Welfare Services last May on grounds of 'emotional disconnect' and put in foster care.Sarkar said his NGO had come to know from one of the relatives of the children's grandfather, Monotosh Chakraborty, that Sagarika, the mother of the children would return to India in a day or two following \"sharp differences\" with her husband in Oslo.The mobile phone of Monotosh Chakraborty, the maternal grandfather, was found switched off when this reporter tried to contact them.Sarkar said in a letter to Krishna that it would abide by all terms and conditions put by the Government of India so that the children could be kept in its custody or that of the government.\"If at all, we are unable to take custody of the two minor children under our custody or if any problems creep in, they will be brought up under the custody of the Government of India,\" he told PTI here.He said that his NGO under no circumstances would hand over the two Indian children to the Norwegian child welfare authorities.For this, he said, his organisation was willing to sign any reasonable agreement or terms and conditions.Copies of the letter were also sent to the President, the Prime Minister, the governor and the chief minister of West Bengal, the Indian embassy in Norway, the Norwegian embassy in Delhi and the Norwegian Childcare Centre, Barnevarne, he said.India has put on hold the visit of a senior official to Norway in connection with the NRI children custody row and was awaiting an update from its mission there amid reports of differences between the parents.Minister of state for external affairs Preneet Kaur has said that the Central government has tried its best to bring the children home so that they had a future in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398657", "title": "Full insurance claim need not be honoured: Forum", "text": "CHENNAI: An individual cannot receive the full amount mentioned in his insurance claim without \"a proper and justified assessment of the extent of loss\" of insured goods. This holds good even if the amount claimed is lower than the insured value of goods, the National Consumer Disputes' Redressal Commission (NCDRC), New Delhi has said. Presiding member Suresh Chandra made note of this while dismissing a petition by G K Kannan of Theni district.In his complaint, Kannan said he ran a poultry farm with 15 sheds which was insured with United India Insurance Company Limited for Rs 19,12,500 from December 2003 to December 2004. A fire in July 2004 destroyed the sheds, the animals and some of the apparatus as well. While Kannan lodged a claim for Rs 26.5 lakh, the insurance firm deemed this excessive and agreed to pay Rs 4.16 lakh after a surveyor from the company inspected the damage.Disagreeing with this estimate, Kannan approached the District Consumer Forum in Dindigul seeking Rs 17.7 lakh for the losses and Rs 1 lakh for mental agony. Representatives of the insurance firm maintained that his policy covered the sheds and surrounding infrastructure but not the animals. As a result, the district forum ordered that Kannan be paid Rs 5.87 lakh.He then moved the State Consumer Disputes' Redressal Commission which dismissed his plea, noting that the insurance company had honoured the claim as per the terms and conditions of the policy and did not repudiate it altogether. In his review petition filed with the NCDRC, Kannan's main contention was that since the total insured value under the policy was Rs 19,12,500, his claim for Rs 17.7 lakh was \"well within the insured amount\" and should be honoured.However, Suresh Chandra of the NCDRC, who passed the order, said that merely because the insured value was of a higher amount, it did not mean that the policy holder would be entitled to get the full amount claimed without a proper assessment of the extent of loss to the insured property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12397744", "title": "Chandy lauds cardinal Parecattil's contributions", "text": "KOCHI: Cardinal Joseph Parecattil was a positive cultural influence, said chief minister Oommen Chandy . He was inaugurating the birth centenary celebrations of the cardinal in Kochi on Saturday.Chandy lauded the late visionary's contributions towards education, healthcare and the overall development of the society. \"He encouraged harmony between different religions. He was a great believer of dialogue between different religions and cultures,\" said Chandy.Cardinal Mar George Alencherry delivered the keynote address. Union minister of state for consumer affairs, K V Thomas inaugurated the charity scheme, 'Karunya Niwas' which aims at constructing 125 houses for poor families.Verapoly Metropolitan Francis Kallarackal delivered the memorial speech. Japan Nuncio archbishop Joseph Chennoth released a biography of the cardinal. Socialist Janata (Democratic) party leader M P Veerendrakumar, Hibi Eden MLA, mayor Tony Chemanny, Kerala Sahitya Akademi president Perumbadavom Sreedharan and other dignitaries were present.Later, the chief minister inaugurated the ruby jubilee celebrations of the Kerala Latin Catholic Association at Ashir Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12399013", "title": "Fire at paper mill in Dada Nagar", "text": "KANPUR: A major fire destroyed a large portion of a paper mill situated in Dada Nagar Industrial Area. The mishap was reported to occur during the intervening night of Friday and Saturday. Though the exact cause of fire breakout could not be known, the investigations were underway.No one was reported to be injured in the mishap. The fire-fighting machinery had to fight for over seven hours to douse the flames.Sensing the gravity of the incident, fire tenders from Meerpur, Latouche Road were also rushed to the spot. The firemen had to fight with the rampaging tall flames for hours before they could be doused completely. The flames were so high and wild that initially firemen could not enter inside the factory premises. The entire sky was wrapped in dark smoke. Due to intense flames, the paper stocked inside the mill building was reduced to ashes and debris spread all around. Fire tenders had to take turns in filling their tanks and dousing the flames.Several senior district and police officials too had reached the spot to take stock of the situation. Workers from different factories situated in the adjacent areas and locals of the affected area had gathered at the spot.Surya Nath Prasad, fire station officer (FSO), Fazalganj fire station informed TOI that at 12.50 am on Friday night, they came to know about the incident. \"In sometime, we reached the site of mishap and witnessed that the tall flames had engulfed the paper mill premises. We then began the task of firefighting and it was around 7.30 am that the fire could be controlled,\" said the FSO further. Surya Nath Prasad further said that the fire could not be controlled easily at there was not enough entrance for the fire tenders to enter into the paper mill. \"We had to break a portion of the wall to enter into the mill for dousing the flames\", said he further.A total of 10 fire tenders were pressed into action to control the flames completely, he said. The official also informed that initially two fire tenders were rushed to the site to douse the flames but on seeing the intensity of the fire, over half a dozen fire extinguishing vehicles reached there and began firefighting. When asked about the probable reason of fire mishap, the FSO said investigations were going on to ascertain the exact cause but it seemed that a short circuit had led to the fire.Meanwhile, the paper mill which had a lot of chemical stock kept therein aggravated the fire.The tall flames brought down a major portion of the mill and reduced everything to ashes. As nobody was inside the factory at the time of the incident therefore, no casualty was reported to take place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12398079", "title": "Vilasrao meeting with ex-CM raises eyebrows", "text": "MUMBAI: Controversial former chief minister Ashok Chavan, who is allegedly involved in the Adarsh scam, has found support from an unexpected quarter.His arch political rival and Union minister for earth science Vilasrao Deshmukh personally called on him at his Nanded residence. \"In his hour of crisis, I am with him. I have come here to express my solidarity with him,\" Deshmukh said. Deshmukh was in Nanded to preside over a convocation at the Nanded-based Swami Ramanandteerth Marathwada University. After delivering the convocation address, Deshmukh drove straight to the residence of Ashok Chavan, where the two were closeted for more than an hour.After it was confirmed that Ashok Chavan had misused his position to favour Adarsh society and in lieu secured flats for his close relatives, Congress president Sonia Gandhi not only sacked him, but later the CBI registered a criminal case against him. Ever since Deshmukh took over the reins of the state in 1999, he was at loggerheads with Ashok Chavan, despite the fact that Chavan's father, Shankarrao was his political mentor.Now Deshmukh's unscheduled meeting with Ashok Chavan assumes significance. \"Since they are sailing in the same boat, they must have come together. Chavan is involved in the Adarsh land scam, Deshmukh too is at the receiving end for granting favours to film producer Subhash Ghai . The high court has passed strictures against Deshmukh and so far, there is no relief to him from the apex court,\" a senior Congress minister said.Deshmukh, who too had dealt with the Adarsh proposal, is the second top Congress leader to meet Ashok Chavan. A month ago, CM Prithviraj Chavan too had called on Ashok Chavan at his residence. Then too, the CM had said while Ashok Chavan was passing through a critical period, the Congress government was fully with him.While the CBI is seized of the Adarsh scam, a commission, set up under the Commission of Inquiry Act too is probing the issue, particularly on the ownership of the land and if there was reservation for Kargil heroes.The commission is expected to submit an interim report on the two crucial issues to the state government in April. Significantly, while the commission has recorded the statements of most of the members of the society and top bureaucrats, so far it has not summoned Deshmukh, former CM Sushilkumar Shinde and Ashok Chavan to record their statements. \"We feel the commission must record their statements and they should be cross-examined, otherwise the entire exercise will be futile,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12398767", "title": "BJP members skip MCC meet", "text": "MANGALORE: BJP members elected to the standing committees of the Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) stayed away from a meeting convened here on Saturday by mayor Gulzaar Banu of the Congress to select chairmen of four committees.This is the second time in a week that Gulzaar has been forced to put up with recalcitrant BJP corporators who are peeved at her election due to a faux pas committed by their colleague during the Mayoral elections held on March 7.Gulzaar told STOI that the next date for the election of the standing committee chiefs has been fixed on April 2.BJP members also abstained from a meeting convened to elect the chairmen on March 16. Members of the standing committees were elected during the mayoral elections. The BJP, which has 35 members in the 60-member house, is playing hardball with election of chairmen in the hope of getting a legal verdict going their way, said former mayor K Ashraf.\"With high court expected to give its verdict on a petition challenging the election of Gulzaar as mayor on March 26, BJP thinks it is their best chance to unseat her,\" he said.This political tug-of-war will in no way affect the tabling of the budget scheduled for March 30, Gulzaar claimed. The erstwhile taxation, finance and appeals standing committee headed by Sharath Kumar of the BJP has already finalised the draft budget based on inputs provided by the commissioner, he said.The budget, draft of which is in circulation among corporators, will become final only after it is presented and ratified in the council. Congress in the interim has nominated Deepak Poojary as chief whip. He will place the agenda on behalf of the mayor in council meetings, Ashraf added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12398722", "title": "Darbar admitted to hospital", "text": "SURAT: Music director Ismail Darbar has been admitted in Mahavir Trauma Hospital here after he complained of blurred vision in the right eye on Friday.Family sources said ever since he joined BJP last year, Darbar visits Surat and Ahmedabad twice a month. Two days ago, Darbar had some problem in his right eye and he consulted city-based ophthalmologist Dr Mahendra Chauhan, who later referred him to well-known neurophysician Dr Manoj Satyawani.After primary reports, including an MRI test and complete body check-up as advised by Dr Satyawani, Darbar was shifted to Mahavir Trauma Hospital.Dr Satyawani told TOI, \"He (Darbar) is suffering from an infection in his right eye and has a problem of double vision. The tests, including MRI, are normal and he will be discharged from the hospital on Sunday.\"Darbar, who is recuperating in the hospital told TOI, \"There is a severe infection in the right eye and the doctors believe that it would take about six to seven weeks for complete recovery. I have been advised complete rest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12398186", "title": "New panel to ease up fire safety clearance", "text": "KOLKATA: To simplify the process of obtaining No Objection Certificates (NOCs) from different government agencies, the state fire services department has formed a special committee. The nine-member panel, constituted some days back, is headed by the state fire services secretary. The committee has been asked to submit its report in the next three months.Besides simplifying norms, the panel will also recommend punitive measures for traders who flout mandatory fire safety rules. State fire services minister Javed Khan said on Saturday that the new committee will closely study the coordination gap between agencies, leading to harassment of traders.\"Members of the newly-formed committee will meet frequently and work out a simplified process for traders to obtain NOCs from different government departments and utility agencies. Committee members will also study fire hazards at the city's commercial markets and ask traders to take adequate safeguards. Those failing to do so will be heavily penalized which may even lead to closure of their establishments,\" Khan said.On Saturday, the minister also met Kolkata mayor Sovan Chatterjee at the Kolkata Municipal Corporation headquarters. At the meeting, they decided to chalk out plans to reopen Nandaram Market which was gutted in a devastating fire in January 2008.Khan said the state fire services department would undertake an inspection of the market building in Burrabazar next week and then take a final decision on reopening the market. \"We need to sort out a couple of major fire safety issues before taking the final decision. Traders need to arrange for an alternative staircase and water reservoir. Only then can their demand to reopen the market be accepted,\" Khan said. The traders have been advised to build an underground water reservoir as a source of water during fire-fighting operations instead of a reservoir on the rooftop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399338", "title": "6 minor girls run away from home to 'achieve success'", "text": "MUMBAI: Six minor girls left their homes in Santa Cruz on Thursday for an undisclosed location reportedly to \"achieve success in life\". All the girls are aged between 12 and 16 and study in the same school. They are close friends; two of them are sisters.A senior police official said they were confident of reuniting the girls with their parents by Sunday. The police have managed to trace one of the girls' last known location to a place near Pune with the help of her cellphone. The girl, however, switched off her cellphone on Thursday evening.The girls left their homes in the morning after telling their parents that they were going to school to attend classes . When they did not return till late in the evening, their worried parents started making enquiries.The girls' families searched through their belongings and the relatives of one of the girls found a letter saying they were all going together and will be safe. The letter further states that they will study well and \"return after achieving success in life\" .The families approached the Vakola police, following which a missing person's complaint was registered.The families have told the police that the girls were very good in studies and there was no study pressure on them.The police said they have spoken to other residents and children in the area and have ruled out the possibility of the involvement of a boy or a man in the girls' disappearance.Senior inspector (Vakola) Rajendra Pardesi said, \"The girls spent most of their time together. The letter states that they were leaving their homes to achieve success. We don't suspect foul play and are trying hard to ensure the girls return home safely and are reunited with their families.\"Friends and social workers are also helping the families trace the girls. The police have alerted their counterparts in neighbouring cities.Disappearing ActSix girls leave their homes in Santa Cruz for an undisclosed location They are aged between 12 and 16 and study in the same school A letter found in one of the girls' home states that they were leaving together and will return after achieving success in life Police have traced the last known location of one of the girls to a place near Pune through her cellphone", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12397466", "title": "Naxal bandh successful in Agency", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The nationwide bandh call given by the Maoists on Saturday evoked good response in the agency area.The bandh, observed by Maoists to express their solidarity with political prisoners languishing in various jails, forced the private transport operators to cancel their services in Visakhapatnam in the entire agency area although cops tried to persuade them to continue with the services.Cops continued with their combing operations and no untoward incident was reported from any part of the north coastal districts.RTC buses went off the roads in the Maoist-infested areas like Pedabayalu, G Madugula, Chintapalli, GK Veedhi, Koyyuru, Paderu and Munchingput while a coupe of buses plied on the Paderu area. The interstate bus services from Malkangiri and Koraput was cancelled.But after being pressured by the police, a few commercial establishments and shops opened at some of the mandal headquarters in the eleven mandals of the Visakha agency.The bandh had no impact in Srikakulam and Vizianagaram districts, police said. The Maoists had tried to instil fear among the people by blasting a Transco tower line, felling trees at various places and digging a culvert in the Visakha agency much before the bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12398987", "title": "Trichy man wins insurance claim after four years", "text": "TRICHY: After a four year battle, a man finally won an insurance claim of Rs 17,000, in addition to Rs 2,500 for mental agony and a cost of Rs 1,000 towards punitive action. In a landmark judgment, the District Dispute Redressal Forum, Trichy, directed the United India Insurance Company Limited, to pay P Ramkumar within a period of one month from the date of receipt of the order dated March 6, 2012.On November 7, 2007, Ramkumar's bike was stolen near the Premium Towers at Chintamani on Karur bypass road. Since it was the eve of Diwali, no policeman was available at the Fort police station to register a complaint. Ramkumar informed the insurance company on November 9, 2007 about the theft who asked him to file a police complaint. After much effort, Ramkumar managed to file an FIR on March 4, 2008, but the same was registered in the police records only on April 2, 2008.Ramkumar also filed a petition before the judicial magistrate and got a certificate that the vehicle was undetectable as on April 8, 2010. On June 8, 2010, the complainant sent his R C Book, judicial magistrate's certificate and insurance policy to the insurance firm through a registered post. But the insurance company denied having received any communication from Ramkumar except the last letter sent on June 8, 2010 and rejected the claim, holding that it was belated.The Forum ruled that the complainant could not be held responsible for the police officials filing the FIR belatedly and asked the insurance company to pay the awarded amount with 8.5% interest from the date of the Consumer Protection Council filing the complaint on October 12, 2011 till the date of payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397516", "title": "Electrician found murdered", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 55-year-old electrician, G Narayana, was found murdered in front of his house in Medchal on Saturday morning.According to the Medchal police, Narayana was killed by unidentified assailants who smashed his head with a boulder.\"Narayana, a divorcee, used to stay alone at Kindibasti in Medchal. At around 5.30 am, his body was found in front of his house,\" Medchal inspector A Rami Reddy said.Police said Narayana used to remain aloof. \"He was an alcoholic. As he owned two houses in the area, someone who was eyeing these properties might have committed the murder,\" Rami Reddy said. A case was registered under section 302 (Murder) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12397055", "title": "There are really no crocodiles in my pond", "text": "A mafia don with 48 criminal cases pending against him, UP's youngest MLA in 1993, a feudal lord of yesteryear and now UP's minister for prisons. Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiya, 43, has had a chequered and notorious career in and outside politics. The grandson of Raja Bajrang Bahadur Singh - the founder vice-chancellor of Pant Nagar University and first governor of Himachal Pradesh - Raja Bhaiya speaks to Pervez Iqbal Siddiqui about life as a don and a netaYou are now a minister though Akhilesh Yadav had stated that no tainted MLA would find a place in his cabinet. How do you explain that?I may have been an independent candidate but have always been a supporter of SP and my loyalties have always been reciprocated by the party. That I have criminal cases listed and pending against me is purely a political issue. Just look at the dates on which these cases were lodged and the dispensation in place at that time; you will have all your questions answered.But you are known as a mafia don...The problem is this perception that the media has created by describing me as a mafia don-turned-politician. Even if we assume that criminal cases were lodged against me during the early stages of my political career, that does not make me a mafia don-turned-politician. I have been an MLA since 1993. Now I am 43 -this means that my political career has been longer than the so-called phase of a mafia don. So technically speaking, the media should now identify me as a politician (laughs).There has not been a single criminal case against me where money was involved. I have never been accused, even by my enemies, of a contract killing or kidnapping for ransom. Belonging to a royal family, we have had our history of rivals for generations now and the criminal cases were lodged as a result of such rivalries. Such things lead to situations where two people come face to face knowing pretty well that only one of them would survive. What will you do in such a situation?The first case against you was lodged when you were barely 19. What could have been the political motive then?Don't tell me that the series of criminal cases slapped on me since 2003 were genuine; that I was rightly booked under Pota. Had there been any element of truth in the allegations, the then government in power would have prepared a fool-proof case against me to the extent that the next government would not have been in a position to withdraw the cases.You are now minister for jails and for food and civil supplies. What are your plans?If there is anybody in the government who has an idea of the ground realities of the prison department, it is me. I have spent 25 months in jail. I know the conditions in which the inmates live and die. I will not have to depend on high level inquiry commissions to find out the problems of the jail department. This will surely help me a great deal in handling the department more effectively.So we can expect some prison reforms?Of course. The reforms that I will initiate may not make sense to the common man but I am sure they will go a long way in making a difference for the jail inmates.Legend says you have crocodiles at your palace in Kunda.It is folklore and nothing else. I think someone got the idea from a Bollywood movie Shaan. The film shows how the villain in the film feeds his enemies to hungry crocodiles. I am yet to come across any criminal or mafia don who opts for such filmy ways.But there is no smoke without fire...Maybe it was only fog and the media mistook it for smoke. (laughs). No, seriously, let me give you a perfect example. I am sure you must have heard about the monkey-man who wreaked havoc in the NCR a few years ago. News channels showed people claiming to have seen the monkey-man. The same channels also showed the authorities as saying it was a mere hoax. Tell me, does it exist? That is precisely how the crocodile came into being in my lake.Is politics for you about power or people?Politics is about power for the people. No one votes so that his candidate sits in the opposition. So why should I win my seat and still sit in opposition? For some time, I contested elections on the SP ticket; then I returned as an Independent because being with a party was taking its toll on my own people.Can anyone dare to vote or contest against you and still lead a normal life?This is notoriously exaggerated. Gone are the days when one could terrorize people into voting for or against a candidate or to force someone to withdraw his candidature. You think today you can threaten someone to vote in your favour? Forget it. It can work once or twice. Not five times in a row. If you work for your people you survive; if not, you will disappear into thin air. That's the prime principle of politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12397873", "title": "Hey, what\u2019s a woman doing in male space?", "text": "GURGAON: The National Capital Region (NCR) is more than an urban entity, it is also a very particular social and cultural zone. One feature of this is that through all the changes it has witnessed, the areas that make up the NCR have managed to retain remarkably regressive attitudes towards identities such as gender and caste. Within this socio-cultural context, it is women who face the greatest restrictions upon their lives, frequently facing violence - or even loss of life - for straying from established social norms.Gurgaon, the city of malls and transnational corporations is also part of an area with rampant female sex-selective abortions, female infanticide, caste violence, and the migration of women from other parts of the country to make up for the shortage of local brides. The glass-fronted office buildings, shops crammed with goods from all over the world, and roads full of the latest model luxury vehicles tell a story of a city with all the technical trappings of modern urban life, but very few of its social attributes. The violence that has recently characterized Gurgaon's pubs is part of this peculiar world technical advance and social conservatism.Urban developments in Gurgaon and surrounding areas are linked to the large-scale conversion of agricultural land into residential and commercial use. In the early phases of acquisition by real estate companies, many farmers sold their lands at very cheap rates, largely unaware of the future potential of their holdings, and also not in a position to bargain. Many such deals were facilitated by local men who acted as go-betweens for fellow villagers and real estate companies.Soon enough, however, villagers were to learn about the real value of their holdings, and through the 1980s the Gurgaon area witnessed the making of a substantial class of instant millionaires. The economic situation for villagers who sold after the initial round of acquisitions changed dramatically. Simultaneously, however, the sudden change in economic circumstances led to a deepening of attitudes and behaviours that might be pan-Indian, but appear in their most virulent forms in this part of the country.The most significant of these is the potent mix of new wealth and old-fashioned masculinity. Indians are notoriously indulgent towards male children, and Gurgaon's pubs are good places to witness the carnage caused by our masculine cultures. The contemporary pub is the site of feudal cultures of masculinity that are expressed through both symbolic and actual violence, with the trappings of a wealthy lifestyle adding to the sense of unfettered power.Given the gender landscape in the region, a large number of the male clientele of pubs have little or no experience of interacting with the opposite sex on equal terms. This social circumstance is compounded by the attitude that unattached young women who visit pubs are fair game - for 'good' women stay at home - and not only do not mind unsolicited male attention but also must expect it.Male wrath is particularly directed against those women who might not go along with such attitudes. Public spaces have historically been thought of as male spaces and Guragaon's men find it particularly difficult to deal with the fact that an increasing number of women - armed with their own resources - seek to share such spaces on equal terms.Of course, pub-related violence is not only directed towards women but exists between men too. However, this too is part of the same context, one where some young men seek to express their power through dominating other men through violence. Urban culture is something more (much more!) than skyscrapers, malls and toll-ways. Its kernel lies in particular ways of public behaviour.And, while legal measures might be deployed to influence such behaviour, deep-seated prejudices are rarely affected by them. That is a much slower process that requires both self-education and an investment in systems of education that emphasize the value of other ways of behaving and living.(This is a comment by Sanjay Srivastava, professor of sociology at the Institute of Economic Growth, New Delhi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12406282", "title": "NRI kids row: India trying its best in bringing children from Norway, Vayalar Ravi says", "text": "KOLKATA: Overseas Indian affairs minister Vayalar Ravi today said the Indian government was doing its best in ensuring that the two children caught in a custody row in Norway, were handed over to their uncle.\"Things are improving. The government of India is doing its best in having the children handed over to their uncle,\" Ravi told reporters on the sidelines of a function here.He, however, said he was not aware of the latest developments in the matter.Three-year-old Abhigyan and one-year-old Aishwarya are caught in a custody row after Norway's child welfare department sent them to foster care claiming that their biological parents Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya were violating the country's child rights laws.Although the Norway government agreed to award custody of their children to their uncle after prolonged diplomatic efforts by India, reports of martial discord between the parents has once again delayed the matter with the government postponing the hearing on the issue.Meanwhile, a city-based NGO has also appealed to external affairs minister SM Krishna to assist it in bringing the two children back to India.The NGO, 'India's Smile,' said they were willing to bear all expenses in bringing them up till they attain adulthood at the age of 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "rangavaram (nalgonda)", "code": "12397498", "title": "Nims a distant dream for Nalgonda", "text": "RANGAVARAM (NALGONDA): The ambitious Rs 100-crore Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) project at Rangavaram village in Bibinagar mandal remains a distant dream not only for the people of Nalgonda district but also for Mahbubnagar, Medak and Warangal districts. Though the building is ready, the facility is bogged down by lack of medical equipment for which another Rs 100 crore is required. It was slated to have become operational before the 2009 general elections..After spending so much money, the government has failed to make provisions for medical equipment. \"What's the use of constructing buildings without buying proper medical equipment and recruiting doctors? This is not the way to implement a prestigious project,\" remarked S Veera Reddy, a local.The government proposed a medical university and hospital at Rangavaram six years ago to study and treat 27 diseases. Late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy had promised that the project would be completed and services made available a month before the 2009 elections. Three years have gone by but there's no word on making the hospital operational. \"The Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) Kadapa, which was taken up along with Nims Bibinagar has already been completed and operationalised. This only exposes the government's discrimination against Telangana,\" Jitta Bala Krishna Reddy, a Telangana activist, said. Around 161 acres of land was acquired from farmers for the institution. Nagarjuna Construction Company built the hospital at a cost of Rs 93 crore. Nims Hyderabad contributed Rs 50 crore for the project while the state government chipped in with Rs 30 crore. Amidst rumours that the government is planning to hand it over to the Centre to develop it into an institution of excellence on the lines of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) or make it into a super-specialty health city, the pro-T activists are gearing up to put up a stiff resistance to any such moves.District Congress leader Neti Vidya Sagar along with other leaders submitted a memorandum to the chief minister to get the hospital opened as early as possible. Though Nims director Dharma Rakshak said that a way out would be found to open the facility, sources say that it's not all that easy as the project requires huge funding to buy equipment and recruit doctors.Times viewAt a time when there is a crying need to make medical services affordable for the common man and offer specialized treatment, the lopsided policies of the government have resulted in prestigious health projects falling by the wayside. Will the government wake up from its slumber?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12400670", "title": "Atal Bihari Vajpayee's photo to adorn govt schools\u2019 walls", "text": "BHOPAL: Picture of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee would soon adorn the walls of 1.2 lakh primary and middle government schools in the state.His photo would exhaust one-tenth of the schools' contingency funds in the already cash-strapped government schools. The state school education department issued the order in this regard on Saturday.The 12x18 inch sized photographs of the veteran BJP leader would decorate the school walls very soon.Commissioner, Rajya Shiksha Kendra (RSK), Ashok Varnwal told TOI, \"The photos have to be installed with immediate effect. School's contingency fund would be used for the same. The upper limit of the photo has been fixed at Rs 500.\"He further said that the school management committees had been entrusted with the task of installing the photos.Each primary school gets a contingency fund allocation of Rs 5,000 per year while this amount is Rs 10,000 for middle school in the state.By this calculation, the monthly amount sanctioned for contingency fund in each primary school is Rs 417 and for middle school, it is Rs 834. In all, about Rs 6 crore would be used in this exercise, an official of the education department said.A teacher in middle schools rued, \"Contingency funds are used in maintaining cleanliness on the school premises, repairing and maintenance of buildings, printing of question papers, provisions of water supply, photocopies of important documents and distribution of sweets among students on Republic and Independence Days.\"She added, \"This would adversely affect the functioning of the schools which are barely meeting with the daily functioning and management with this fund.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12397727", "title": "Rs 18 crore lost in jewellers\u2019 stir", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Up in arms against the duty hike on gold import and introduction of excise duty, jewellers in the city continued their strike on the eight consecutive day. On Saturday, hundreds of them took out a rally from Manek Chowk to CG Road against the duty hike.Jewellers across the state and many parts of the country went on strike soon after the finance minister levied new duties and hiked customs duty on gold in the budget on March 16. The gems and jewellery sector is against the Budget proposal of raising the customs duty on gold to 4% from 2% and introduction of 1% excise duty on unbranded jewellery.\"We don't want to come under the excise duty net as it would be difficult for small jewellers to comply with the complexities of this duty. ,\" said Harshad Choksi, president, Manek Chowk Choksi Mahajan Association. ASSOCHAM in its recent report has said that India's gold imports bill could total $100 billion by 2015-16 and the government should strictly monitor the inflows with higher customs duty. The report said that the recent hike in customs duty to four per cent will not be enough to control gold imports.However, jewellers are currently in the wait and watch period. In Gujarat alone, they have missed on business during the auspicious days during the week and have lost around Rs 18,000 crore of business due to the strike.Officials of gems and jewellery association said that they will continue with their stir till Monday and the further course of action will depend on the outcome of a meeting with the Finance Secretary on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12397960", "title": "Land rows hit e-way authority\u2019s finances", "text": "NOIDA: Like the Greater Noida Authority, the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA) is now facing by a funds crisis. Sources say YEIDA faces a shortfall of up to Rs 3,000 crore. The farmers' unrest across the state has added to its problems as many allottees have not paid their installments. YEIDA should have received at least Rs 400 crore from developers and individual allottees in March alone. The Authority is preparing a list of defaulters and a notice in this regard will be sent to them soon.As a result of the crunch, YEIDA has temporarily halted disbursement of cheques for various development works to its contractors. However, senior officials maintain the payments have been halted due to the change of guard in the state, and will resume once the new government settles down.\"The average annual budget of YEIDA is about Rs 4,000 crore. It generates its own funds from sale or allotment of land, while the state pays it only for specific projects. Due to the farmers' agitation, selling land has become difficult and several allottees have also defaulted on their payments,\" a YEIDA official explained. Meanwhile, the Greater Noida Authority, which has been facing a cash crunch for several months now, received another blow on Friday when the Allahabad high court denotified around five hectares of land in Birondi Chakrasenpur in the Dadri tehsil area and also directed it to pay a fine of Rs 25,000 to the petitioner. Greater Noida Authority CEO Rama Raman said the Authority will now file a special leave petition in the Supreme Court seeking relief from the Allahabad HC order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12397946", "title": "Translators aid medical tourism", "text": "NOIDA: If words are the physicians of the diseased mind, the words spoken by these physicians are helping heal not only the mind but also the body. With an increasing numbers of patients coming to Noida - a fast emerging hotspot for medical tourism - hospitals in the city have hired translators to make these patients feel comfortable during their treatment while at the same time helping in the facilitation of their treatment.Doctors said a bulk of their international patients are coming from Balkan and African countries in search of quality and affordable treatment for a variety of diseases. \"The problem is there is a genuine difficulty in communication which can prove to be a hindrance in case of diagnosing these patients. However, we have employed translators with fluency in a variety of languages to solve the problem. It not only makes the patient feel at home but also helps the doctor,\" said the Fortis Noida spokesperson.Recently, Kailash Hospital in Noida successfully treated 11-year-old Shohona Ezhnazarova from Tajikistan .Doctors said the miraculous surgery cured the girl from a rare heart condition that had restricted her movements and growth. All this wouldn't have been possible without the help of doctors proficient in Russian. \"Language can become an unfortunate barrier in case of such international patients. In the case of Shohona, we were lucky to have Dr Tauseef Akhtar who is fluent in Russian and had helped us in communicating with the patient and her family. He also helped us in translating her previous medical history for a better understanding,\" said the spokesperson of Kailash Hospital.Students studying different languages are increasingly turning to medical tourism as an avenue to utilize their skills. \"I am presently studying Russian and also plan to study Croatian and Bulagarian languages. With the increasing price tags of medical surgeries in the West, patients are turning to India for treatment,\" said Shreyas Tyagi, a student of the Department of Slavonic and Finno-Ugrian Studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398405", "title": "Online property tax payment facility attracts more users", "text": "PUNE: In 2005, when the online payment facility for property tax was launched in city, only two transactions took place. Seven years down the line, the number has gone up to 48,653.The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) received Rs 35 crore in online property tax payments this year, compared to the Rs 55,000 in the first year. \"Awareness about the usage of the online platform has increased. People have become more used to internet transactions, which has pushed up the number of people paying taxes online drastically,\" PMC deputy commissioner Vilas Kanade told TOI.Kanade, who is also the chief of the tax department, added that online payment gateways have become more secure, which has also contributed to the increase. There was hardly any increase in the number of users during 2006-07, the second year after the gateway was launched; only 15 transactions took place. But in the third year, with 4,446 transactions, the facility received a huge response. Since then, there has been a continuous increase in the number of online payments - 11,763 transactions in 2008-09, 20,478 in 2009-10 and 33,126 in 2010-11.\"There has also been good response from people who own property in Pune but don't reside in the city, including NRIs,\" Kanade said.There are seven lakh property tax payers in the city. This year, the PMC received nearly Rs 500 crore as revenue from property tax payments. Of this, almost 10% was received through the online facility.\"The online process is not very time consuming. Also, the efforts needed to complete paperwork and to visit the PMC offices are reduced. People don't need to take time off from work to pay tax. These are some reasons that have made the online facility popular,\" he said. Property tax can be paid online through a link provided on the official PMC website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12404297", "title": "We are unperturbed by Anna Hazare's protests, our Lokpal Bill is one of the best: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA government is \"unperturbed\" by protests as its Lokpal Bill is \"one of the best\" and it was following all Parliamentary procedures, Union minister E Ahamed said today.Asserting that Parliament's \"importance cannot be reduced\", the minister of state for human resource development (HRD), while replying to queries on Anna Hazare's token fast at Jantar Mantar today, said the UPA government \"is committed\" to checking corruption.\"That's why we brought this bill, the Lokpal Bill is one of the best bills.\"\"If you want to make a small issue a bigger issue, you can have it. But so far the UPA government is concerned, we are not perturbed ... Parliament is supreme ... We are always following Parliamentary procedures. Parliament's importance cannot be reduced,\" Ahamed told reporters here.He, however, added, \"There may be some opinion about the provisions of the bill. Anybody may very well ventilate their sentiment. Anybody can move an amendment because it is a democracy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12397763", "title": "King Cobra lands in city for treatment", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 75-year-old Zambian President, Michael Sata, underwent laser procedure at Samved Urology Hospital on Saturday for a urological disorder. The hospital majorly deals with patients of prostate, kidney stone and bladder surgery. The procedure was performed by urologist Dr Janak Desai.Micheal Sata, also known as King Cobra in his home country, arrived in Ahmedabad on Friday. He is accompanied by his wife Christine Kaseba and a personal crew.Sources in the health department said that the president suffers a medical problem involving his prostrate or urinary bladder. He had been suffering bleeding in the urine.Officials said that Sata underwent a laser procedure on Saturday to stop bleeding. A battery of advance tests will be carried out to decide the future course of medical action. He will be kept in the Samved Hospital for a day or two under medical observation till a final call on his treatment is taken.Team of doctors attending to him including Dr Janak Desai refused to divulge details of the medical problem and treatment being offered to Zambian president citing confidentiality issues. Sata's visit has been declared as private visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402529", "title": "'We quit our jobs to tour our country in 3 months'", "text": "Aniketh MJ and Sulesh Kumar quit their banking jobs in Bangalore to go on a budget tour titled titled From Tigers to Tombs across 28 UNESCO enlisted heritage sites in India. We follow them on the heritage trail after their visit to the Konark Sun Temple.When these two 24-year-old boys from Bangalore decided to quit their jobs as bankers to explore their own country, it was quite a surprising move. The reason was that they wanted to embark on a budget tour of all the 28 UNESCO enlisted heritage sites in India to create awareness among youngsters. Having completed their visit of the Konark temple in Odisha, Aniketh MJ and Sulesh Kumar are now in Kolkata and waiting to visit the Sunderbans on Friday.Aniketh, who has taken a sabbatical from his job in a multinational bulge bracket investment banking and securities firm, is a wild life enthusiast. He had travelled to various places in Europe, North America , Africa and South-east Asia before he realized that he hadn't explored his own country. Sulesh, in contrast, spent his childhood in West Asia. He felt almost like an alien when he returned to India for his undergraduate studies. Though he did study a lot about India, he could not feel an emotional connect with his homeland once he was back. Sulesh, like Aniketh, quit his job as a banker to concentrate on preparing for civil services exams.On the 40th anniversary of the UNESCO World Heritage Convention, Aniketh and Sulesh began their tour of India's heritage sites titled From Tigers to Tomb. India has 28 diverse sites listed (the seventh highest for any country) that includes Mughal architectural marvels like the Taj Mahal , engineering feats like the Mountain Railways and widespread natural beauty at Valley of Flowers and the Sundarbans, to mention a few. Incidentally, there is no existing documentation of a single trip around India encompassing all these sites. \"We didn't want to join an NGO to know India. Instead, budget travel is our motto.Up until now, we have not taken any flights and have spent close to `1 lakh. UNESCO World Heritage sites are the most easily identifiable 'places to visit' for any tourist planning to travel to a country. Ensuring that they are well-maintained is very important for India's tourism industry. Some of these sites are in urgent need of conservation. We began out tour on March 5 and want to write a book documenting our travels which will serve as a ready reckoner to motivate others to travel,\" Sulesh says.What's good is that the duo's efforts have already been recognised UNESCO. They have contacted the director's office at the UNESCO World Heritage Centre, volunteering to provide a comparative study of the maintenance at each one of the sites. \"They have expressed their support to us and have offered to publicize our initiative on their website. As of now, we have been to the Nilgiri Mountain Railways in Ooty. It's important to have clean platforms and trains. We enjoyed the scenery as we took a long ride in slightly cramped compartments. The great living Chola Temples in Thanjavur are well-preserved 1,000 year-old monument that display excellent craftsmanship. But the walkways get heated up making it difficult to walk in the sun. Nothing has been done so far to improve that. The group of monuments at Mahabalipuram, Hampi and Pattadakal are very well-maintained. However, the nearby supporting town of Badami can be spruced up to make it more tourist-friendly,\" Aniket says. As for the Sun Temple in Konark, the duo believe that the crowd management at the site can be improved upon.\"Though Odisha is now in the news for the recent hostage crisis, we faced no problems while travelling to Puri and Konark. Odisha is homely. At the temple in Konark, spittoon make it okay for people to chew tobacco and spit while on the premises. We feel, signboards to prevent that should be installed. No railings on the first tier of the monument make it rather dangerous for tourists. The quality of onsite guides can be improved upon,\" Sulesh says.Come Friday and the duo will be off to the Sunderbans. \"We really liked our stay in Kolkata. While other cities have demolishing old buildings to make way for the new, Kolkata sees a peaceful co-existence of the old and the new. The wildlife in Sunderbans is an added attraction for us. Besides, it has the world's largest delta. In Darjeeling, we are interested in the toy train. We've started blogging and the response from youngsters about our trip is overwhelming. It's not that youngsters aren't interested in such efforts to do with the country's heritage. If they are told, their enthusiasm will get a further boost,\" the duo signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12399506", "title": "I was his big fan: Justice K T Thomas", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Justice K T Thomas sang the first two lines of the famous Mohammed Rafi number, Meri Kahani and after a pause said, \"After hearing Jose Prakash sing this Rafi number, I never attempted to sing it again. His sound was similar to Rafi's , and he was indeed a great singer,\" he said.He had heard Jose Prakash sing this number while in CMS College, Kottayam. \"We had an age difference of around 10 years. While I was studying in CMS College, he used to come to the college where his brothers and I studied. I was friendly with all of them,\" Justice Thomas said.\"I was his big fan. During my college days in CMS, he used to come for the College Day and such other functions . He started with the theatre, entered films and established himself with ease. He could handle any role. He has even acted as a lover boy,\" he said. \"He had an appearance that never revealed his age, and as an individual he was very nice,\" Justice Thomas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401238", "title": "Yuvan is not in yet!", "text": "The buzz in the industry is that Yuvan Shankar Raja will compose the tunes for filmmaker Rajesh's next with Karthi.Interestingly, Rajesh has worked with Yuvan in his first two films - Siva Manasula Sakthi and Boss Engira Bakaran, and the songs in the films had turned out to be chartbusters. However, he roped in Harris Jayaraj for his third venture with Udhayanidhi Stalin and Hansika.However, putting rumours to rest, Rajesh clarifies, \"We've only finalized three aspects of my next project - the title (All In All Azhagu Raja), the lead (Karthi) and the producer (Gnanavel Raja). I'm yet to work on the script as I'm busy with my film with Udhay. Only after the script is in place that I'll decide the rest of the cast and crew.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399391", "title": "Medical University to hold CPMT on June 3 in 15 cities", "text": "LUCKNOW: Candidates ready to appear in the Combined Pre-Medical Test 2012 will get their admit cards and marksheets in their inbox. \"Admit cards and mark-sheets will be sent via email and SMS and could be downloaded,\" said Prof Abbas Mahdi, spokesperson, Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University (CSMMU) which is hosting the exam.The medical university formally announced the schedule for CPMT 2012 on Saturday. As per plans, the exam will be held on June 3. The exam will be held in a single sitting at 120 centres across 15 cities of the state. CMPT is the route to admission in government medical colleges, CSMMU and Rural Institute of Medical Sciences, Saifai. Seats in state-run Ayurvedic, Unani and homeopathy colleges are also allotted through the score obtained in CPMT.\"It is expected that around 70,000 candidates will appear for the examination. Therefore, adequate arrangements are being made to ensure free and fair exam,\" He added that candidates are required not to bring anything like water bottles, mobiles, calculators or any electronic gadgets. Water bottles will be provided at the centre. To prevent impersonation, bio-metric scanning of the candidates will be done which would include finger printing and identification marks.Regarding sale of application form, the officials informed that though the process would start in mid of April, and form will be available at different branches of Allahabad bank. Therefore, aspiring candidates were advised to check CSMMU's website www.kgmcindia.edu and www.csmmu.in for more details. They may also check with the nearest branch of Allahabad Bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399382", "title": "\u2018Rational use\u2019 can mitigate blood shortage", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the advent of summer, city hospitals begin to face blood shortage. The concept of 'rational use of blood' offers a solution to this problem, said Dr Tulika Chandra while delivering a lecture at Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital on Saturday.\"The said concept is a practice that can help in saving the life of many patients. Under this, not whole blood but the components are transfused to a patient depending on the needs,\" she said. \"In short, giving patients what they need is rational use of blood,\" she added.According to UP State Aids Control Society very few people donate blood voluntarily. The number of blood donation camps declines during summer months. Getting donors also becomes difficult because most of donors are youngsters studying in schools and colleges. All these factors together lead to blood shortage during summer. Citing WHO and National Accreditation Board for Hospital (NABH), experts said for rational use of blood, blood banks in government hospitals should be equipped with separators.Proper arrangements for the storage of components should also be made. Dr Tulika said though these equipment are costly, it's very cost-effective and patient friendly in the long run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12398574", "title": "UPA faces political uncertainty: Joshi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Joining chorus with SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav over the possibility of mid-term elections, Bharatiya Janata Party leader and chairman of the Public Accounts Committee Murli Manohar Joshi also raised the issue of political uncertainty plaguing the UPA government given the unstable alliance partners.Speaking to reporters here on Saturday, Joshi said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh too has expressed his helplessness in the wake of coalition limitation faced by the UPA government.The BJP leader, however, disagreed with the notion that days of coalition governments are getting over, stating that notwithstanding the disagreements among the partners, coalition politics will continue.He added that whether there will be early polls or not, the next government at the Centre will be a coalition. Reacting sharply to the Union Budget, Joshi said BJP will bring in cut motions for reduction in the taxes that have been hiked.He said the Budget shows UPA's growing insensitivity towards the common people. While the taxes affecting the rich remained more or less the same, the heavy tax burden in the form of indirect taxes was put on poor.This would result in additional financial burden of over Rs 65,000 crore on the poor, he claimed.When asked to comment on the statements of Independent Rajya Sabha candidate Anshuman Mishra's charges against him and other senior party leaders in the wake of denial of his candidature for Rajya Sabha, Joshi said it was below his dignity to speak in his own defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12399065", "title": "Jhulelal Jayanti celebrated", "text": "KANPUR: The Jhulelal Jayanti was celebrated with religious fervour by the people of Sindhi community at various places in the city on Saturday. The main attraction of the celebrations was the Shree Jhulelal Temple in Gujaini area as it was beautifully decorated for the occasion.The temple was decked up with lights. People of Sindhi community danced and enjoyed to celebrate the occasion. Prakash Panjwani, media incharge, Shree Jhulelal Temple Trust, said the day began with 'bhoomi pujan' of Jhulelal Bhawan. Later on, 'Sukhmani Saheb' - the holy book was also recited.He also informed that a number of devotees participated in the community langar which was especially organised on the occasion.A mela named 'Chetri Chandra' was also held where hundreds of people gathered and enjoyed shopping items of daily needs. Youngsters took part in the dandiya dance. In the evening hours, a 'bhajan sandhaya' was held in which hundreds of devotees participated. A dandiya dance event was also organised at Moti Jheel lawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12401753", "title": "Ludhiana turns deaf as authorities shut ears", "text": "LUDHIANA: Noise pollution in the city is touching higher frequencies that is exposing residents to the risk of turning deaf and suffering mental disturbance. Dr Ashish Varghese, professor at the ear, nose and throat department of Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) said humans can hear sound at 20 decibels and noise up to 30-40 decibels is considered normal range. ''However, in the city where vehicles use pressurized horns, noise is much above permissible limits,'' he said.Far from acting to check the level of noise, the Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB), traffic wing or district transport office (DTO) have not even conducted any study to measure the noise level. An NGO, Bharat Jan Gyan Vigyan Jatha conducted a campaign revealing the rising noise level. According to Varghese, noise of 90 decibels heard for eight hours, five days a week can cause irreversible hearing loss. ''I have visited many factories in the city and come across workers who are subjected to noise that even crosses 100 decibels. An annual screening of factory workers is essential,'' he said. Ramesh Kumar, a factory worker who did not want to name his employer, said, ''I have been working here for almost 12 years and suffer partial deafness because of the loud sound emitted by machines. There has been no initiative by authorities to send doctors and conduct check-ups.''Pressurized horns in vehicles, late night musicals and cultural programmes are very common in Ludhiana even though it is a violation of the Noise Pollution (Regulation and Control) Rules, 2000. PPCB officer and senior environment engineer, G S Majithia said PPCB's role is only restricted to measuring noise levels if there is a complaint by a resident and it is not their duty to look after the increasing noise levels in the city. According to Majithia, it is the responsibility of the traffic wing of the Punjab Police and the district transport office (DTO). However, on the PPCB's website its important functions include to plan comprehensive program for the prevention, control or abatement of pollution and secure executions thereo.f; to collect and disseminate information relating to pollution and the prevention, control or abatement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12399383", "title": "Vadodara MP allocates Rs one crore to varsity", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara MP Balkrishna Shukla has allocated Rs 1 crore from the funds of the MP local area development scheme (MPLADS) to M S University. Shukla has allocated this fund for construction of the building for the proposed Institute of Policy Research and International Studies. The fund has been allocated from the grant meant for the year 2011-12.According to a release from MSU, this is one of the biggest single grant announced by Shukla under MPLADS. Under the MPLADS, each MP has the choice to suggest works to the tune of Rs 5 crore per annum to be taken up in his/her constituency. The works so recommended have to be of developmental nature with emphasis on the creation of durable community assets. This grant of Rs 1 crore allocated by Shukla will be used by MSU under the guidelines of Vadodara district collectorate and as per the norms laid down by Government of India for the use of MPLADS funds. \"I have decided to allocate this fund as MSU has proposed to start this new institute which will be first of its kind in western India. In Gujarat, there is no institute studying policy research and international studies,\" said Shukla, who is an alumnus of MSU. tnnThis is the second instance of MSU receiving grant from MPLADS. Earlier, MSU had received Rs 25 lakh grant from MPLADS quota from former MP Jayaben Thakkar for upgrading table tennis court at the union pavilion in collaboration with the Table Tennis Association of Baroda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12398442", "title": "Parrikar set for pro-nuts budget?", "text": "PANAJI: Considering requests from Goan cashew cultivators, chief minister Manohar Parrikar is likely to announce a support price for cashew nuts in his budget speech on Monday.As cashew trees are well-distributed across the state, around 30-40% of Goa's rural population depends on cashew production. The state produces around 24,000 tonnes of cashew every year.As of now, the state government provides support price to only areca nut and coconut cultivators. The BJP, in its manifesto, had promised to provide minimum price of 90 per kg for cashew cultivators.Sources in the government said that \"The chief minister is likely to announce relief to Goan cashew cultivators in his budget speech.\"This year, cashew nuts are fetching 70-75 per kg. Madhav Sahakari, president of the Goa cashew processors and growers association, said, \"During the budget meeting, we have informed the chief minister about the drop in purchase prices of cashew nuts during the current season, and chief minister has assured us that he's going to look into it.\"Last year, processors offered Goan farmers the best ever price of 85-90 per kg. However, sluggishness in the market due to a decline in demand in the domestic and export market has caused a slump in prices during the current season.The Goa cashew processors and growers association is hopeful that the government may announce a minimum purchase price of 90 per kg for cashew nuts as per its promise in the BJP manifesto.This year, the prices are likely to come down further as the international consumption of processed cashew nuts has declined, said A S Kamat, advisor of the Cashew processors association.Interestingly, the season had commenced last year with sale of processed nuts at $3 per pound (450gm) in international markets. But, after shooting up to even $4 a pound, the prices slid to the present $3.3 per pound.Processed nuts which were selling at 500 to 600 per kg a little earlier are now selling at 460 to 480 per kg. \"The demand dictates the prices, and lack of it has brought them down by 20-25%,\" Sahakari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12403749", "title": "Koyekti Meyer Golpo to release in May", "text": "There's a lot of hype surrounding Subrata Sen's experimental film, \"\"Koyekti Meyer Golpo\"\", starring Raima Sen , Locket Chatterjee, Mumtaz Sorcar and Kanchana Moitra among others.Sen, who made an appearance at the premiere of Anjan Dutt's \"\"Abar Byomkesh\"\" at a city theatre on Friday evening, said the film is all set to release in May. The director, who is busy with the film's post-production says he has to make do with four hours of sleep. \"\"It's the busiest phase of my life. Shooting is all about fun when you have a lot of people around you. But during post-production, you are left on your own.That's when one feels the pressure,\"\" said the director. The film revolves around an escort service and how a naive Raima, coming from a small town in north Bengal, gets sucked into it. Incidentally, Sen's \"\"Nondinee\"\" with Swastika Mukherjee, Mir and Dibyendu, which he made before \"\"Koyekti Meyer Golpo\"\", is still stuck in the cans, with no news of when it will hit the theatres. Meanwhile, speculations are rife that Sen is making his next with Prosenjit Chatterjee. On being prodded, Sen explained, \"\"I've not even had a talk with Bumba on this. I don't know where these rumours are coming from!\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12398488", "title": "12 arrested for illegally extracting ore at Morlem", "text": "KERI: Twelve persons were arrested for the alleged illegal extraction and transportation of ore at Morlem by the Valpoi police, following a complaint filed by the villagers of Morlem.While the state was mourning the death of former environment minister Matanhy Saldanha on Saturday, some persons from the Morlem village panchayat took advantage of the situation to illegally extract ore and transport it from Deulwada to the Kothambi jetty, said locals.When the villagers from Deulwada caught them in the act, they blocked the ten trucks and punctured the tyres.Kamlesh Bandekar of the Bharat Swabhiman, Bicholim, said, \"As soon as we received information about illegal ore transportation, we rushed to the spot and with the affected villagers blocked the 10 trucks. We also informed the officials concerned.\" Sandesh Shirodkar and Deu Raut who were operating a bull dozer allegedly attempted to murder a local, Santosh Joshi, who was part of the team which tried to stop the illegal ore transportation. Joshi immediately lodged a complaint in this regard with the Valpoi police .Officials of the Bicholim town and country planning department-Sanjay Halarnakar and Kamlakant Tari -visited the area and conducted a panchanama of the alleged illegal hill cutting.Sidhant Shirodkar, Valpoi PI, told STOI, \"We arrested 10 truck drivers for the illegal extraction and transportation of ore and Deu Raut and Sandesh Shirodkar from Morlem for an attempt to murder.\"Upon being informed about the incident by locals, Vishwajeet Krishnarao Rane from Saleli also visited the spot. He said, \"We won't allow any illegal mining activities in Sattari.\"This is not the first time ore is illegally being extracted in the area. In January 2011, sarpanch Anand Sawant along with his panchayat members while observing work on the construction of a road leading to the crematorium, noticed in survey No. 119/2 of Morlem, a JCB machine involved in excavation sans permission from the panchayat. He had brought the matter to the notice of the mamlatdar of Sattari.Morlem village has two mining leases which were granted concessions by the Portuguese government bearing lease Nos. 36/58 and 53/59.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12398412", "title": "Centre keeps NSG jawans on standby", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Saturday offered to help Orissa with chief minister Naveen Patnaik calling up Union home minister P Chidambaram and informing him about the situation arising out of the abduction of an MLA and two Italians by Maoists.Though Patnaik did not seek any specific help from the Centre, the ministry has kept its elite National Security Guard (NSG) commandos on standby with instructions to rush at short notice as and when the state needs them.Naxals abducted MLA Jhina Hikaka on Saturday even as state government officers and Maoists' interlocutors had been engaged in negotiation to get the two Italians, Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo, freed.With officials believing that the kidnapping was the result of factionalism in the rebels' Andhra and Orissa leadership, Maoist negotiators have for the time being withdrawn from mediation after the MLA's abduction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399235", "title": "Seven injured as pipeline explodes on ship off Mumbai Port Trust", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven persons were injured, one of them critically, when an explosion occurred on a Korean-owned vessel, Royal Diamond 7, on Saturday.The vessel was anchored in a channel about 2km from Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT) between Bhaucha Dhakka and Butcher Island when the incident occurred between 11.30am and 12pm. The victims were cleaning the ship when a chemical pipeline exploded, said the Yellow Gate police.A major fire had broken out on the same vessel around a week ago, minutes after it offloaded 2,000 tonnes of toluene near the Mumbai Port Trust.Four of the injured - Raja Rawat (33), Shobnath Rawat (36), Sunny Rawat (25) and Piroth Rawat (32) - are from Masjid Bunder in Mumbai. Two others, Yun Chun Shaikh (57) and King Man Hun (29), are from Korea, while Afato Daroka (34) hails from Philippines . Raja, Shobnath, Sunny and Piroth have been admitted to St George's Hospital with 25%, 60%, 30% and 35% burns respectively, while Daroka and Hun are at JJ Hospital getting treated for 80% and 12% burns respectively. Shaikh is at Masina Hospital with 30% burns.Minutes after the incident, officials from the Central Industrial Security Force , MbPT, an Indian Navy patrolling boat, Navi Mumbai and Mumbai police reached the spot. \"The patrolling boat was combing the spot when they spotted the distress signal. The officers rescued two crew members who had jumped into the water after the explosion. Similarly, others were rescued by officers of other agencies,\" said chief PRO (defence) Captain Manohar Nambiar said.Assistant commissioner of police (Yellow Gate division) H G Shinde said that at present , they had registered a case of accident. \"We have ordered an inquiry to look at whether there was any negligence. The four Indians were hired on contract for cleaning the vessel . The incident occurred when the seven men were assigned the task of cleaning when they may have mistakenly hit the pipeline. We are probing whether there was any supervisor assigned to instruct them,\" said Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12397495", "title": "Key Nagpur University posts vacant for more than a year", "text": "NAGPUR: About year and half back, Nagpur University was going through its worst phase with none of the statutory bodies being present, top posts including that of vice-chancellor vacant. However, the biggest problem that was plaguing the university was huge number of vacant posts, including those of pro-VC, registrar, controller of examinations (CoE), and Board of College and University Development (BCUD) director, which are of statutory nature.When Vilas Sapkal took over at helm of affairs, it was expected that the situation will change. But, after he assumed charge on December 22, 2010, no effort has been made to fill up these statutory posts, some Senate members claimed. They stated that university is suffering on account of vacancy and persons who were handed over the additional charge of these key posts, especially of registrar and CoE, are not able to do justice to their jobs. Not only these posts, but even that of PRO is also lying vacant, thus leaving university completely incommunicado.Though lately, BCUD directors post was filled up with appointment of Arvind Chaudhari, the all-important registrar's post is still vacant from June 16, 2009, and CoE's from November 16, 2010. Neither Sapkal nor Yenkie could be contacted for their comments on administration's side.Management Council (MC) member Mahendra Nimbarte had strongly pressed for immediate filling up of all vacant posts during MC meeting. \"But even after two weeks, the administration has failed miserably to take any step,\" he told TOI. \"This is highly unfortunate as NU functioning is crippled due to absence of these key posts,\" he added.He remarked that at least Sapkal should take initiative to fill up pro-VC's post to help him in administrative work. \"Decentralization of administration is necessary for smooth functioning and VC must fill up this post on priority,\" Nimbarte said.Commerce dean Bharat Meghe who had raised a question in this regard in Senate agenda stated that NU wasted precious money on conducting two interviews for registrar's posts (TOI reported the issue on March 14).\"They replied that they had not found suitable candidate. Then they must clarify who's suitable for them?\" he remarked.Meghe added that the incumbents were also burdened with their regular responsibilities. \"Registrar Mahesh Yenkie is also a LIT director apart from being a lecturer,\" he said.He insisted on filling up of pro-VC's post. \"This posts remains in VC's hand and its surprising why it is not being filed. Perhaps, last VC's experience might be one of the reasons,\" he said.Senate members to raise issue on March 30Senate members on the condition of anonymity disclosed that they were going to fiercely raise the issue of vacant posts when the Senate resumes its adjourned meeting next Friday.According to them, NU was literally working with half the staff in both teaching and non-teaching departments and inaction of NU bosses on correcting roster has further compounded the woes.Colleges like LIT and other NU departments were suffering as no appointments were made since the roster scam was first exposed by TOI March 19, 2009.Though NU had floated advertisement for 119 posts under pressure, wrong mentioning of eligibility criteria resulted in process getting a stay from the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12397552", "title": "As city chief, Khopde is BJP\u2019s OBC face", "text": "NAGPUR: Eyeing the 2014 Lok Sabha and Assembly elections, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Saturday has changed the party leadership in the city and appointed East Nagpur MLA Krishna Khopde as city president.The change was expected after outgoing city president Anil Sole became mayor. Sole had become the city president of BJP on March 24, 2010. As the tenure of president is for three years, Sole's tenure was to end in March 2013.As per sources in the BJP, Sole wished to be replaced so that he could concentrate on NMC. Besides, BJP too wants to make balance in city's leadership by roping in a OBC face. Sole is from open category and the newly-elected chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari too is from open category. Only leader of ruling party Praveen Datke is from OBC. Also the past two city presidents, Sole and Sudhakar Deshmukh were from open category and belonged to West Nagpur. Newly elected deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav is too from West Nagpur. Therefore, BJP wanted to replace Sole with OBC face and from other Assembly constituency.All these zeroed in on Khopde who belongs to Teli community and is from East Nagpur. BJP was not strong in East, North and Central Nagpur. In 2009 Assembly polls, Khopde had defeated Congress bigwig Satish Chaturvedi from East Nagpur. However, Vikas Kumbhare got elected from Central Nagpur. If a city president is from East Nagpur, the BJP can strengthen in North Nagpur as well. Khopde was in focus since he defeated Chaturvedi and also gave good performance in recent municipal polls. Thus, he was appointed to the BJP's coveted post in the city despite not holding any higher posts in the party.After being appointed city president, Khopde told TOI, the 2014 elections will be his top priority. \"There are 1,600 booth-level groups and my concentration will be to strengthen them. I will take efforts to strengthen the party in North and South Nagpur. I was a common party worker, now entrusted with such a huge responsibility. I will ensure BJP's victory in 2014 polls. BJP will felicitate Sole and ZP president Sandhya Ghotmare on April 8,\" he said.In a meeting on Saturday, MLA and BJP state unit's general secretary Devendra Fadnavis declared Khopde as new BJP city chief. Sole felicitated newly-elected Rajya Sabha MP and renowned businessman Ajay Sancheti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12399142", "title": "Dalai Lama is US-controlled Nazi: China", "text": "BEIJING: China's state-run media on Saturday described the Dalai Lama as a US-controlled \"Nazi\" and blamed the Buddhist leader for inciting Tibetans to commit self-immolations to protest Chinese rule in Tibet. \"It is doubtable that the Dalai Lama would speak on behalf (of) Tibetans as he is sponsored by the US and his relatives work for the CIA,\" said an officially sanctioned commentary posted on China Tibet Online and Xinhua news agency.It accused him of instigating Tibetans to torch themselves by praising their boldness and asking to forgo Loshar festival celebrations as a mark of respect for those committing suicide. \"The remarks of the Dalai Lama remind us of the uncontrolled and cruel Nazi during the Second World War.... How similar it is to the Holocaust committed by Hitler on the Jewish!\" it said. \"The Dalai Lama is making people feel that those who commit suicide will win the privilege of the Tibetan leader praying for their soul.''Around 30 Tibetans, including monks and nuns, have set themselves afire to protest Chinaese policies. Most have also shouted slogans seeking the Dalai Lama's return to Tibet.\"The Dalai Lama still treats himself as the serf owner, Tibet as his property and its people as his slaves,\" it said. It criticized the Tibetan leader's remarks that the government's policies, including use of Chinese language in Tibetan schools, were eroding Tibet's culture. It called the Tibetan leader a \"tricky liar skilled in doubledealing\" who wants to build a \"Berlin Wall\" of ethnic segregation and confrontation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399070", "title": "Toy lab is not all child\u2019s", "text": "At an extended campus of the Srishti School of Art, Design and Technology, Anders Sandell presides over his unique Toy Lab, where students create interactive, thoughtful toys that are complete outliers in the world of mass-produced ones that fill up store shelves. Here, one student has created a children's comic book with tear-out pages; readers can create three-dimensional models of characters and locations from the book and create their own storytelling model to accompany the book's narrative. Another has made a set of place-mats that fit together, almost like jigsaw puzzles, to create a storyboard. Yet another has made a lamp that allows you to do shadow puppetry.Finland-born Sandell, who spent many years in the US before moving to Bangalore in 2008, set up the toy lab two-and-a-half years ago. With a Master's degree from the Interactive Telecommunications Program at New York University, he has been exploring the topic of play and how to design interactive toys and leading courses on interaction and toy design. In his classes at Srishti, which last three to four months with 8-9 students attending each module, he sees himself less as a teacher and more as a mentor and design director.Yet, his penchant for storytelling through toys often finds expression through Toy Lab projects. \"If you watch children at play, and observe play patterns, you will see a desire to express. Toys are catalysts for the imagination. Playing is children's way of understanding concepts they come across in the adult world,\" says Sandell.At the Toy Lab, while the initial storyboarding of creating new toys is free from commercial considerations, as the concept grows, Sandell does help students dwell on ways to market their ideas. One of his former students, Shilo Shiv Suleman, has created 'Khoya', an interactive story-game set in a fantasy world, which can be downloaded as an iPad app. Another foray into the market has come through Alannah D'Souza's game, Grub, which led to the creation of Uncommon Sense toys, a niche toymaking outfit that creates sensory toys that encourage social interaction between autistic children and aids collaborative play.The toys respond to a child's actions, gestures and voice with sensory feedback like sound, light, and vibration. The toys are currently being developed with the Academy for Severe Handicaps and Autism (ASHA) and are in clinical trials. \"You can say I'm preparing entrepreneurs,\" says Sandell, who has designed a set of wooden action figures inspired by characters in the Mahabharata, which are being brought to life by craftsmen in Channapatna.Sandell is frankly dismissive of most commercial toys available in the market, which, according to him, have two main problems: they are passive, and they are not durable. \"Toys should be beautiful, they should be good enough to be passed on from generation to generation, they should be easy to mend and keep. I'm all for fewer high quality toys over shelves filled with poor ones that speak down to kids,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12397617", "title": "Garbage Grouse: City to get more ghantagadis", "text": "NASHIK: With rising complaints about the 'irregular' service of the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC's) ghantagadi service (vans with bells used for collecting garbage), the civic administration is now planning to procure new ghantagadis to meet the shortage. With the rising population, the volume of the waste generation is also increasing. While the city generates 425 to 450 tonne of waste daily, there are only 124 ghantagadis deployed to collect it.Health department officials said ghantagadis manage to collect 350 tonne of waste daily. With a new NMC House and many wards being restructured, the administration hopes the NMC will procure requisite number of ghantagadis as early as possible.Labourers on the ghantagadis work in eight-hour shifts and it is not possible for them to make double trips in the same ward in case they have missed some areas. Officials from the health department say that at least 50 more ghantagadis are needed in the city. Many citizens complain that ghantagadis do not reach their place daily. At some places they come once in two or three days, residents say.The end result of this is that people end up throwing garbage in public places without considering the danger it may pose to the health of the locals. Senior officials from the health department said that once the requisite number of ghantagadis are procured, the department can allocate them in different segments. The waste from hotels , residential areas, commercial areas, etc. is different. As of now, the same ghantagadis collect garbage from all these places in one ward. The management of this waste becomes a tedious affair at the compost project where the waste is dumped. Hence, more ghantagadis are required, officials added.Officials said in case citizens have any issues related to ghantagadis, they can contact the sanitary inspector in their respective wards and if things are unresolved, they can then contact the divisional sanitary inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398525", "title": "Fire at dump yards leads to heartburn", "text": "CHENNAI: A fire at the Kodungaiyur dump yard, just 10 days after a blaze was caused by rag pickers burning garbage, and at the Perungudi landfill in south Chennai on Saturday affected residents and left many roads near-deserted.While residents said the frequent fires were affecting their health as well as the atmosphere, the Corporation of Chennai said it was using water jets and sprays to douse the fire as a temporary measure and was also trying to bring about a permanent solution to the long-standing problem.Officials, who had all along said rag pickers were setting fire to the garbage to obtain scrap, said this time the fires could be a natural reaction. The garbage was very dry during this time of the year and a fire could be sparked when it was exposed to sudden heat in the afternoons, they said.Tondiarpet High Road, which borders the 476-acre Kodungaiyur dump yard, was nearly deserted, with just garbage lorries and a handful of two-wheelers and autos. The few pedestrians on the streets were hurrying about with the bottom half of their faces covered.\"Garbage has been burning everyday for the last three weeks but today smoke could be seen in our apartment complex,\" said R Jeevarathinam of Krishnamurthy Nagar, which abuts the dump yard.Corporation commissioner PWC Davidar said they had approached a university to look into whether the fire was manually caused or sparked by the exposure of methane in the garbage to the heat. \"Once the report is submitted on Monday, we will take necessary action,\" he said. Many in Kodungaiyur complained of severe bouts of coughing. \"The thick smoke made even normal breathing impossible and many children in our building were coughing desperately. There was absolutely no fresh air,\" said P Subramani, a resident.The situation was similar on the Thoraipakkam-Pallavaram Radial Road, Santhoshapuram and Pallikaranai, which lie close to the Perungudi dump yard, though not as severe. Smoke was seen rising across the expanse but hadn't permeated surrounding residential areas. \"Luckily the wind doesn't blow in our direction, so the smoke doesn't come here, but the burning has been a problem,\" said S Selvakumar of Perungudi Panchayat Road.Davidar said \"We are focusing on the long-term measure of completely getting rid of the dump yard and scientifically disposing garbage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12398475", "title": "'Japan sees India as future super power'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Yashasvi Raghuvanshi, who has just returned from Japan, has loads of experience to share. The schoolgirl, who was among four students from UP who attended Japan East Asia network of exchange of students and youth programme, shared her experience with TOI. Yashasvi says Japanese have some typical culture, beliefs and rituals. Japanesey believe in three Rs -- Reduce, Reuse and Recycle. In Japan, water in all taps in the any city or house or bathroom is drinkable, she says.\"Apart from using separate slippers for bedroom and house, Japanese beds are basically straw mats over which they put feather mattress for sleeping. They have their bath in the night instead of morning,\" says Yashasvi.Japanese opinion on India varies from a mystique land to a super power. The younger generation perceives India as a future super power and scientific hub.Professors at Keio University feel that India is a big investment destination and they are working with various groups to facilitate the same. For elderly people the diverse culture of India is a great heritage and resource for the world to learn and grow into a peaceful and co existent society, says the schoolgirl.Japanese have learnt a lot from the Indian colonial era. The signs of last year's earthquake, tsunami and nuclear catastrophe were not visible on their faces, says Yashasvi, adding that the people as well the infrastructure bore no such mark of the tragedy. It can be very aptly termed as the \"second miracle\" Japan has experienced after World War II.While interacting with the Japanese high school students at Kobe High School, we had discussions on the 3 Rs and discussed ways to save water, electricity, trees and paper, she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399219", "title": "Park\u2019s manager injured in brawl", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two staff members of Samajik Pariwartan Prateek Sthal also known as Ambedkar Park clashed over a trivial issue leaving an assistant manager at the park bleeding profusely. The injured was identified as Nazre Alam, an assistant manager with a private hospitality firm having its contract at the park.It all began when platoon commander Haricharan Singh of Special Security Force constituted by the previous Mayawati government for the protection of parks and memorials tried to drive through inside the park on a motorcycle.This was protested by the cleanliness employees led by its assistant manager. Alam told Singh not to take the motorcycle inside as it leaves marks in the floor. However, Singh indulged in a heated exchange of words with Alam. Soon, things turned worse when they both started exchanging fisticuffs. The scuffle left Alam bleeding profusely, and police was called for help.The police then took Singh in their custody and rushed Alam for treatment. Later in the day, both Singh and Alam lodged counter FIRs against each other blaming each other for beating them up. The police said that the matter is being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398692", "title": "Burglars strike during funeral, scoot with 15K", "text": "CHENNAI: Burglars showed no mercy to the grieving family in Ice House on Saturday. Acting as visitors during a funeral, they escaped with 15,000 in cash and 6 mobile phones.According to police, Sampath, a resident of Pandaram Venugopal Street, died on Friday night following an illness.Family and friends had gathered at Sampath's house on Saturday to pay homage. While Anand, Sampath's son, was busy organising the funeral, family members complained of some cash kept inside an almirah going missing. A few of them said they lost their mobile phones.Police suspect that a team of burglars could have struck the house, making use of the crowd gathered. They said as a lot of people had visted the rooms in the house were cramped for space. Some of them had left their cellphones on the window panes and the dining table before paying homage to Sampath. When they returned, they found the mobile phones missing.Anand informed the police about the theft over phone. As he didn't want to embarrass his family members and relatives, he requested the police not to come to the house until the funeral was over. Later, he filed a complaint at Ice House police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402164", "title": "'Joker' is the most challenging film of my career: Shreyas", "text": "He has tackled many comic as well as serious roles in his seven-year-old acting career, but Shreyas Talpade says his character in the 3D film \" Joker\" is the toughest one ever as he is having to sketch it himself.Directed by Shirish Kunder, the upcoming multi-starrer fantasy-adventure will see the 36-year-old actor playing a character called Babban that has not been written by Kunder in his script.\"My character 'Babban' has got no character sketch in Kunder's script. He just had the name in his mind and asked me to bring out the character in my own way. So, my character is the result of our permutations and combinations of acting on the sets.\"I was the last one to enter the team. It's one of the challenging roles of my life because I am writing my own character. I am playing Akshay Kumar's younger brother in the film,\" Shreyas told PTI.The actor is now gearing up for the release of yet another multi-starrer \" Housefull 2\" which also stars Akshay Kumar , alongwith John Abraham , Riteish Deshmukh, Asin, Jacqueline Fernandez , Zarine Khan, Shazahn Padamsee, Mithun Chakraborty , Randhir Kapoor, Rishi Kapoor and Boman Irani.Shreyas, who has appeared in a number of comic multistarrers earlier, like \"Golmaal\" and \"Welcome to Sajjanpur\", says he gets his due in such films even though there are a number of such actors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398699", "title": "Engineering student from Bihar dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A 21-year-old BTech student, a native of Bihar, was found dead under mysterious circumstances at his home in Nolambur on Friday night.Police said Kunal Kumar complained of nausea after dinner at 10pm. Subsequently, he vommitted and collapsed. He was rushed to a private hospital, where the doctors declared him 'dead on arrival'. Later, his body was shifted to the government general hospital for autopsy.Kunal Kumar stayed at the rented house on Venugopal Street in Nolambur with five other students from his college. Police have informed Kumar's father Vijaya Kumar, who is a wholesale vegetable merchant in Bhagalpur in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12397223", "title": "Top cop alerted on Bhadrakali", "text": "NASHIK: An NGO by the name of People's Movement Against Corruption presented a memorandum to city police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, requesting him to focus his attention on illegal activities in Bhadrakali area.According to points in the memorandum, illegal businesses were thriving in places like Talawadi, Video galli, Pimpal Chowk, Khadkali, Phule market, Dwarka, Bagwanpura, Bhimwadi and Panchasheel Nagar, Shalimar chowk, Wavre lane, and also around hotels like Suruchi and Basera.The document pointed out that while illicit operations had been temporarily disbanded during the civic election, they were back, up and running, following the polls. Further, the memorandum hailed the working of one of the city's former commissioners, Vishnu Dev Misra, and pointed out the prevalent dissatisfaction among Nashikites during the term of police commissioner Vinod Lokhande, Misra's successor.Lokhande's term had reportedly witnessed a significant increase in crimes like chain-snatching, looting and burglaries, the memorandum said. It singled out the Bhadrakali area as the breeding ground of such activity.The NGO said if there was no clampdown on illegal operations in the Bhadrakali area it would have no choice but to stage an agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12397578", "title": "Strike by jewellers in Nashik resumes after three-day break", "text": "NASHIK: Joining their counterparts in the rest of the country, jewellers in Nashik have decided to down shutters again till Monday. They announced the bandh decision at a candlelight march on Saturday. A bigger rally is to be held on Sunday.The jewellers say they had to take a painful decision, but that it was equally painful carrying on their business as the taxes levied were pinching their customers. \"The hike in excise duty, import duty and tax deduction at source will be too much on the customers. Most importantly, the hike in import duty may increase smuggling of gold - gangs of smugglers will get into the business and the government will lose revenue,\" Rajendra Odhekar, president, Nashik Saraf Association, said.When asked why they resumed services from Wednesday till Friday (Gudi Padwa) and were going on a three-day bandh again, Odhekar said the call for bandh earlier caught members unaware and they had a number of commitments to honour - for festivals (Padwa), marriages and otherwise.\"Since we had to finish those commitments and give the customers what they had already booked, we opened our shops during the period. Now, the bandh is on. We hope the MPs who we have contacted will consider our appeals and act accordingly,\" Odhekar said. The jewellers will hold a rally on Sunday from 12 noon till 2pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12399588", "title": "Students feel exam postponement heat", "text": "CUTTACK: The deferment of High School Certificate exam is giving jitters to both students and parents. Students are worried about appearing for the matriculation exam in the month of April as they feel the rising temperature could have a negative impact on their performance.\"I am stressed at learning about the postponement of the exam and the rising temperature is just making things worse for me. My family had planned a vacation in April but after the deferment of exams we had to cancel the trip. All my plans have gone haywire. I just don't know how will I manage to write the exam papers in this climate,\" said Smita Das, a student.\"The grueling heat wave sweeping the state has already affected normal life. It is being said the matriculation exam will be conducted in the month of April. It will be really difficult for students to concentrate on their studies in this hot climate,\" said Sarita Rath, mother of a student.\"The heat is unbearable in the month of March itself and by April the temperature will rise further. Students are facing lots of difficulty in studying even now. Along with stress, the sweltering heat is taking a toll on my son's health. I have to take proper care of his health,\" said Brahmanand Rout, father of an examinee.The day temperature has crossed 40 degree Celsius is many parts of the state already. The state government has issued directions to start morning classes in schools in the wake of the surge in temperature.Board officials, however, said the examination will be conducted between 7.30 am and 10 am, so students will not face much difficulty. \"In the wake of the heat wave, we are conducting exams in early morning hours. Adding to it, we have issued directions to all the examination centres to store adequate amount of drinking water for the students,\" said a senior board official.Meanwhile, various organizations staged a protest at the Board of Secondary Education office. Congress workers and AIDSO members staged a demonstration, demanding stringent action against erring officials responsible for the mess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397531", "title": "GHMC announces fire safety plan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two new fire stations will come up in Greater Hyderabad in the next one year.The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has announced a fire hazard and mitigation plan for the 2012-13 fiscal on Saturday.A fire hazard and mitigation plan is a must for the city as per specified conditions of the 13th Finance Commission to get funds.Apart from Hyderabad, Visakhapatnam and Vijayawada have to come up with their own plans.As per the plan, it has been proposed to procure various equipment, including seven multi-purpose tenders, three rescue tenders, three water bowsers, two foam tenders, two water mist (600 litre capcity), two motorcycle-mounted mist technology equipment and a breathing apparatus and compressor sets for the city at a cost of Rs 11.48 crore.Also, buildings will be constructed for the fire stations this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397653", "title": "NH-1: Woman dead, three hurt in car crash", "text": "NEW DELHI: One person was killed and three injured after the car they were travelling in rammed into a truck parked along the roadside while another truck hit the vehicle from behind near Mukarba Chowk on National Highway-1 in the early hours of Saturday.While Ritu Gupta, 36, died on the spot, her husband, Umesh, 41, and children -Tapan, 10, and Bhuvan, 13 - were injured in the crash, police sources said.The injured were rushed to Babu Jagjeevan Ram Hospital from where they were referred to Max Hospital where they are undergoing treatment.Police said they were on the lookout for the two truck drivers, who were on the run.The trucks were impounded by cops.The impact of the collision damaged one side of the car, which was being driven at a high speed by Umesh when the accident took place. When the car arrived near Mukarba Chowk, police said, Umesh apparently did not see the truck parked along the roadside. \"He was probably driving at 100 kmph and could not see the truck when he rammed the car into it. The impact of the collision damaged the iron grills at the back of the truck. Meanwhile, another truck hit the car from behind,\" said a senior police officer.Romil Baniya, additional DCP (northwest), said, \"The owners of the trucks came to us but drivers had fled. The victims are unfit to speak to police.\"A native of Delhi, Umesh was at present working with a private company in Chandigarh. He was about to join another firm at Rajkot. His brother, Sushil Gupta, said, \"I spoke to Umesh around 10pm on Friday. He told me he had to join a new company and had to relocate soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397634", "title": "New building planned for visiting VIPs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Faced with a space crunch in the matter of providing accommodation to senior government functionaries, officials have decided to construct an eight-storied building on the premises of the Lakeview Guesthouse which will come up at a cost of Rs 15 crore. However, that figure is likely to expand as the furnishings for the guesthouse are expected to somewhat inflate the bill.The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has occupied a major portion of Dilkusha guesthouse while it conducts probes in several high-profile cases and neither is the Greenlands guesthouse free with the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority having set up shop there in the absence of an office space. With rooms thus getting blocked, protocol officials are having a torrid time trying to find accommodation for visiting VIPs.The proposed Lakeview Guesthouse-Annexe would have modern conference and dining halls along with rooms for security personnel and personal staff, protocol officials in the general administration department told STOI. \"The multi-storied building, which will be constructed on an area of 1.5 acres, will have six suites in each floor with work expected to be completed by June 2013,\" a source added.Union ministers, Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha MPs, All India Service (AIS) officers and other state and central government officials have four guesthouses designated for use by them in the city - Manjira, Lakeview, Dilkusha and Greenlands.Usually, chief ministers and governors put up at Raj Bhavan but, during 'emergencies', the government allots rooms at Lakeview guesthouse to visiting dignitaries.Accommodation for MPs and judges was provided at Dilkusha guesthouse, which is adjacent to Raj Bhavan. There are 10 suites at this guesthouse though, at the moment, the CBI is using four of those as its temporary offices.As a result, the government has been providing accommodation to VIP visitors at the city's star hotels and footing a Rs 20-Rs 30 lakh bill every month for the alternative arrangement. \"It is moreover difficult to provide accommodation for personal and security staff at the same hotels,\" an official said. \"Once the new building is constructed, we can accommodate VIPs and their staff all at one place,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397619", "title": "Water tanker snuffs out girl\u2019s life in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: A seven-year-old girl died after she came under the wheels of a water tanker while she was on way to her school near Aproopa Colony, Bachupally on Saturday. She was the daughter of an IBM employee.KPHB police said that seven-year-old Y Sathvika was travelling along with her mother Sridevi, a software engineer with IBM, and grandmother Padmavathi on a Honda Activa.``The three were on their way to attend a scheduled parent-teacher meeting at Creek School. As they were travelling between Pragathi Nagar and Bachupally stretch, a water tanker hit the two-wheeler from behind and Sathvika came under the rear wheels of the vehicle,'' KPHB sub-inspector T Srisilam Naik said. Sridevi and Padmavathi suffered injuries. Immediately after the accident, the lorry driver fled from the location. Police seized the water tanker and a case was registered under section 304-A (Death due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IOC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399295", "title": "Cops struggle to trace man who put up killer wire", "text": "MUMBAI: Police officers are struggling to trace the cable operator responsible for the death of a biker on the Western Express Highway (WEH) on Wednesday. Cops say such operators are close associates of senior politicians and hence they want to proceed with care and build a water-tight case before arresting suspects.A metal wire hanging from a lamppost on a flyover at Jogeshwari (E) on the WEH had sliced bike rider Israr Ahmed Khan's throat on Wednesday, leading to his death. His pillion rider Ram Bhawan Pal suffered injuries as his cheek was also slashed by the wire.The metal wire that hit the duo was tied to a lamppost on the WEH to support cables put up by different cable operators. Cops are searching for the operator who had tied the metal wires to the lamppost. \"The culprit is most probably a cable operator and we are trying to narrow down the list of suspects,\" said Vitthal Damugde, senior police inspector, Jogeshwari police station.The police had registered an offence under Section 304-A (causing death by negligence ) in connection with the case. The police said that they will add other necessary sections in the case after the inquiry is over. Cops said they are facing difficulties in identifying the culprit as the wire had been put up a very long time ago. They have collected details of local cable operators and have called them in for questioning.However, a source said that the police action was just an eyewash. A source stated that it will be not easy for the police to trace the real culprit as the cable operators in the area are very influential. The source said, \"They can easily get out of the case after pushing the blame on some small-time employee.\" Another source said overhead cable wires pose a threat to Mumbaikars but no one acts against those responsible for putting them up. He added, \"Cable operators put up overhead wires all over the place after taking local police into 'confidence' .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12397714", "title": "189 cases settled on spot in Lok Adalat", "text": "GURGAON: In the Lok Adalat organized on Saturday in the district courts of Gurgaon, 189 cases were settled on the spot.Stating this here on Saturday, the District &amp; Sessions Judge, Dr Bharat Bhusan Parsoon said that a Lok Adalat was organized in the Court Complex of Gurgaon, in which cases pertaining to the Motor Vehicles Act, cheque bouncing and petty crimes were taken up. He said that a compensation of Rs 12.75 lakh was awarded in four claim cases under the Motor Vehicles Act. Besides, 29 petty crime cases and 160 cases of cheque bouncing were decided on the spot.Parsoon said that the cases which could be settled through mutual consent between the parties to a dispute or cases at the pre-litigative stage were taken up in the Lok Adalats and such courts pronounce judgments which are final. He said that the judgments of Lok Adalats carried the same weight as that of a regular court and no appeal could be filed against the decision of the Lok Adalat. He said that the regular courts were burdened with a large number of cases and parties in dispute at a later stage feel to settle their cases, so in order to provide an opportunity to such parties the Lok Adalats were organized. The parties can request to take up their case in the Lok Adalat.He said that in the cases which could be settled by reaching a mutual agreement, the Lok Adalats were proving very successful. Lok Adalat is a medium to get justice quickly without spending a lot. The parties to a dispute are spared frequent visits to courts and also the lengthy procedures of courts, Parsoon said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397457", "title": "Sex important in marriage: Delhi high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has granted divorce to a husband, maintaining that denial of sex by his wife amounted to mental cruelty. The court was hearing her appeal against the decision of a lower court to grant divorce to the husband. Denying her husband's charges, she sought the marriage to be restituted.The man, however, claimed that she had refused to have sex with him on the wedding night and was thereafter unresponsive; she \"was like deadwood when he had sexual intercourse with her\". Dismissing the wife's plea, Justice Gambhir stressed the importance of a healthy sexual relationship between a normal couple, though there may be exceptions.\"The sanctity of sexual relationship and its role in re-invigorating the bond of marriage is getting diluted and as a consequence more and more couples are seeking divorce due to sexual incompatibility and absence of sexual satisfaction,\" Gambhir said. \"That 'the twain shall become one flesh, so that they are no more twain but one'...(is the) real purpose of marriage .\"The court also took into account the wife's refusal to participate in traditional ceremonies and quarrels with her in-laws. The husband had also accused her of trying to steal jewellery from her mother-in-law. The fact that she slapped a dowry harassment, in the Crime Against Women Cell only case to later unconditionally withdraw it, also raised HC's suspicions that her denials were baseless.While acknowledging that \"what happens in the four walls of the matrimonial home and what goes inside the bed room of a couple is either known to them or at the most members of the family\", Justice Gambhir found the testimony of the husband more creditworthy because his father seconded it while the wife failed to provide any evidence in her favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401534", "title": "Nayanthara: A new beginning", "text": "Keeping up with tradition, a prominent Telugu association in the city celebrated Ugadi by awarding the deserving artists and films that released in Tollywood last year.The Governor of Tamil Nadu, Dr K Rosaiah, presided over as the chief guest. Nayanthara, who bagged the award for the Best Actress for her performance in Sriramarajyam, was the cynosure of all eyes. In what's probably her first public appearance in Chennai after announcing her comeback, the pretty actress was surrounded with fans wanting to click photos with her. Among the others artist to win awards are Nandamuri Balakrishna (best actor), Ilaiyaraaja (best music), S P Balasubramaniam and Chitra (best playback singer) for Sriramarajyam, Prakash Raj (best villain for Usaravelli), Naga Chaitanya and Tamannaah (special jury award for 100 % Love), Aadi (best debut actor for Prema Kavali) and Shruti Haasan (best debut actress for O My Friend).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12397758", "title": "Backward men, forward city", "text": "GURGAON: In 2011 alone, Gurgaon witnessed 37 cases of rape and 23 cases of molestation. Beside this, the Haryana chapter of the National Commission for Women (NCW) received some 11 complaints of domestic violence and other crimes against women, from within the city.According to Dr Santosh Kumar Singh, a sociologist at Ambedkar University, Delhi, crimes of this nature can always be traced back to general societal attitudes towards women. \"First of all, the onus lies entirely on the police for making the city safer for women. But these occurences can at least be analyzed and explained by taking into account what we sociologists call the 'cultural lag' between the new and the old, of the kind that is clealy seen in Gurgaon.\"He said that such incidents are the 'pathologies' of the 'traditional mindset', which is strongly patriarchal. \"What has happened in Gurgaon is that a lot of these signposts of modernity - the malls, the pubs - have been dropped in a city which is completely not ready for them,\" Singh said.And this mingling of the ultra-modern and the ultra-traditional can at times turn explosive. \"If you look at the age profile of some who have been involved in these crimes in Gurgaon, you will find that all are young boys, some even teenagers, from small towns. And most are school dropouts but have access to easy money from selling off family owned land,\" he said.This male-dominant culture, contributing to so much of the daily violence and harassment women are subjected to, is the bane of many states in India, and is certainly not new to Haryana. The state's record on gender equality has always been thin. In an NCW report, published last week, Haryana figures among the states with the lowest of sex ratios in the country - only 756 women for every 1,000 men. \"There is an obvious cultural problem in this region which needs to be addressed,\" said Charu Wali Khanna, member, NCW. The commission recommends incorporating gender sensitization courses in school curricula around Haryana for children of and above six years of age.Some, say that the cultural explanation alone is reductionistic. \"Such cases occur in many places but it's only in places like Gurgaon and Delhi that it's manifesting very badly,\" said Nandini Rao, women's rights activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12398977", "title": "But what do you eat, Mr Aich?", "text": "India's first Mr Universe, who turned 100 recently, ate coconuts. Fauja Singh, 101, is happy with yogurt. The 103-year-old Chinese twin sisters have snacked on snakes. So what's the secret to good health? You tellWhen Manohar Aich, India's first Mr Universe , turned 100 recently and cut a cake surrounded by family and friends , the bulge in his biceps could have been the envy of men decades younger than him. But ask him what he ate to carry on so long and so well and he says there was no concept of a diet for a bodybuilder in those days when he was growing up in Bangladesh .Aich, who was born in a remote village called Dhamti in Comilla district, ate whatever he could find - coconuts , mangoes, jackfruit and vegetables. Not something your gym instructor would advise you these days. Fauja Singh, just a week away from his 101st birthday, and perhaps the world's oldest marathoner , on the other hand, says chappatis, dal, tea, yoghurt and milk does it for him. And for 108-year-old Rajasthani folk artiste Nemi Baba, the only man who plays the Algoza (a wind instrument ), nothing less than two litres each of tea and milk daily will do. So what's the food that keeps these centenarians going in such good health? Is there even a diet plan that anyone can hazard to recommend for a long and healthy life? Very few would come forward to take up the challenge.Take Chinese twins Cao Daqiao and Cao Xiaoqiao, for instance. The sisters , who live in Fanjialing village in Shandong province, claim they have eaten snakes all their lives. They are 104 now and still walk 2-3 km every day without support. How has the snake diet helped?\"The Chinese believe that snake bile is good for the gall bladder. And the meat keeps chronic respiratory diseases like bronchitis in check and the phlegm healthy,\" Dr Yuliya Sharkun of Beijing Jiaotong University told Sunday Times . As for Zhang Shuqing, a resident of Sichuan province , a life of excess has been the key to longevity - 15 tonnes of liquor and several tonnes of tobacco to keep his clock ticking even at 105. For Georgian woman Antisa Khvichava , who thinks she is 130, guzzling vodka is what keeps her body and spirit in fine fettle.General practitioner Dr Vinay Upadhyay believes there are several factors that come into play - genetic predisposition , lifestyle, environment , and even psychology. \"Some have it in their genes to live long,\" he says. \"But at the end of the day, it is luck that makes it possible. You can lead an ideal lifestyle and still not live beyond 50, while someone who treats alcohol like elixir can live way beyond 100,\" he says.But ask some of these guys how it is to be hundred and happening and most miss the one thing that makes life exciting - love. Singh, for one, started running \"seriously\" only at 81, after the tragic loss of his wife and son. \"His running kept his mind away from grief and gave him a new lease of life,\" says his coach, Harmander. Today, though, the 'Turbaned Tornado' has several world records to his credit, including eight in one single day.Aich, too, has his ache. \"Honestly, life has become a burden after I lost my wife when I was 95,\" he says. \"Sheknew me and understood me. Without her, I have nobody to express my true feelings. And there's nothing new that I can do now, although I marvel at the fact that people still admire me for my achievements; not just because I was the first Indian Mr Universe, but because I have retained, to a large extent, the physique I was known for.\"In this, Canada's Jaring Timmerman has been lucky. The world's oldest swimmer at 102, he still shares all his happy moments with his wife Gladys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12397730", "title": "Shops network through proprietary names", "text": "KOCHI: Some of the popular names for men's fashion shops in the city are eye-catching. From Facebook, YouTube, Yahoo to Google, there are around six textile shops that do business because their names click with the youth. The owners had no qualms in adopting such names, copying the typography, colour and font to the dot.Hashim, owner of the shop 'YouTube', confirmed that there has been a 50% increase in the number of footfalls after he changed the name of his shop a year ago. \"There is a definite connect with the young crowd with this name. The name of a shop is as important just like its location, particularly so when it caters to the youth,\" said Hashim.'Yahoo', a men's fashion shop in the city, has been conducting business for more than 12 years. \"We started our business in 2000 and the name endeared us to college students. We have a clientele base even in Lakshadweep and they are repeat customers,\" said Muneer CM, manager of the shop. He claims that his shop first used this idea of attracting customers with well-known brand names.Seeing the popularity and business model, other shops followed suit with names like Facebook, YouTube and Google. When it comes to the annual turnover, these individual shops don't want to disclose their sales figures. \"Our target group is the middle and lower-middle class youngsters. It's unfair to be compared with other branded clothing shops in the city,\" said the manager of 'Google' shop in Chittoor Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12400899", "title": "Is 'Kahaani' climax plagiarised?", "text": "This could come as a big shocker in Bollywood. A netizen has uploaded a video comparing the ending of Sujoy Ghosh's \"Kahaani\" and that of the 2004 psychological thriller titled \"Taking Lives\" starring Angelina Jolie and Ethan Hawke in the lead.The video comparing scenes from both the movies has been unloaded on YouTube with the title: \"The Real Kahaani Revealed\" with a tagline saying: \"Creative Masturbation presents the Real Kahaani after Taking Lives!!!!!!\"\"Taking Lives\" is a DJ Caruso directed thriller that was based on the novel of the same title by Michael Pye. Jolie's film is about an FBI profiler who is called in by French Canadian police to catch a serial killer who takes on the identity of each new victim.Though the plotline of \"Kahaani\" and \"TL\" aren't exactly similar, what has become a talking point online is the curious similarities in the way both movies end.The ending of \"TL\" shows a heavily pregnant Jolie sitting alone in her house when she discovers a serial killer. She tries to escape but is overpowered by him and is punched and thrown to the ground. During the altercation, the serial killer begins to choke her and eventually stabs her in her pregnant belly with a pair of scissors.Jolie, seemingly unharmed by the stabbing, shocks him by quickly stabbing him with the same pair of scissors. As the killer lies dying, Jolie removes a prosthetic pregnant belly, and says the past seven months have been a planned trap!Netizens say that the similarities in shot taking of the climax of \"Kahaani\" and \"TK\" are difficult to be missed. Vidya too is heavily pregnant and in search of Indraneil Sengupta - who has been posing as her husband. During the climax, Vidya gets into an altercation with Indraneil. She gets pushed around and instead of a pair of scissors, Vidya stabs Indraneil with her hairpin. As Indraneil lies dead on the ground, she removes her prosthetic pregnant belly!When TOI got in touch with director Sujoy Ghosh about this video, he said, \"I have heard the name of the movie but I have neither watched this film nor the video. Ever since I started making \"Kahaani\", people spoke about so many sources that it has been copied from. In this country, people don't know about Satyajit Ray , Yash Chopra and Manmohan Desai but they are aware of films abroad. It's amazing.\"Does he think that this video is a result of his detractors reacting because of his success? \"I really don't know about that.\"Finally, now that TOI has brought the video to his notice, will he want to check out the movie? \"I am least bothered. If people can say such a thing about a film that is set in Kolkata, I have nothing to say.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402609", "title": "Sofia, Sharon to play lovers", "text": "Actresses Sofia Vergara and Sharon Stone will play bisexual lovers in the upcoming comedy \"Fading Gigolo\".Stone, 54, will play a dermatologist and will be seen in steamy scenes with Vergara, 39, reports Showbizspy.com. Shooting for the film is set to take place in New York City in April.\"Sharon thinks it's going to be a lot of fun playing the lover of one of the hottest actresses out there. The scenes will be steamy,\" a source told Life &amp; Style magazine.John Turturro , who will direct the film, will also be seen playing a gigolo in the movie and actor-director Woody Allen will feature as a pimp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12399029", "title": "Bangalore University budget has `6-cr deficit", "text": "BANGALORE: With not too many new initiatives in its list, Bangalore University presented its budget of Rs 225 crore for the academic year 2012-13 on Saturday. The deficit is Rs 6 crore.Among the few new initiatives is its decision to start a new PG centre at Ramanagaram, with 50 lakh allotted for it. The Kolar PG centre, which is struggling for a healthy sustenance, has been given Rs 5 crore for the remaining construction works.The focus is on the follow up of other initiatives which were spearheaded by the V-C. While the Braille centre is given Rs 8 lakh, students availing the 'single girl child scheme' will get Rs 1,000 as scholarship. Backward class cell is allotted Rs 1.75 lakh, while SC/ST cell will get Rs 4.9 lakh. Syndicate members is formed to monitor the renovation work of Rs 10 crore. The varsity will seek Rs 5 crore from Youth and Sports Service to improve its facilities. UVCE evening courses and distance education got a boost. At least Rs 8.5lakh will be spent on computerizing the remaining examination and academic works.Interestingly, Rs 1 crore has been set aside for 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. The budget was not passed at the syndicate meeting two days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399081", "title": "Fish fry for the Manipuri soul", "text": "What does it take to make movies in a state possibly more disturbed than Kashmir, where surviving each day itself is a triumph? Bachi Karkaria writes about a film that puts that battle in perspectiveFried fish is served first, the 'chicken soup' comes later, and by the time we reach the chaotic 'premiere' , we have made a rivetting journey through Manipuri cinema . And through a Manipur where the cliches of conflict and beauty take on a disturbingly different form.If Mamta Murthy's first feature film, 'Fried fish, chicken soup &amp; a premiere show' , is so distinctive, it's partly because it was commissioned for Madhushree Dutta's ambitious research art and archive project, Cinema City, and partly because of the talented director's own cross cultural disciplines, mainly photography and curating.'Fried Fish...' is a road film, 'hanging around' the making of '21st century Kunti' ; earlier Manipuri cinema wanders in and out. It's an experiential usage of the footage. The Manipuri filmmakers actually create the narrative, not just be the narrative,\" says the unnervingly young Mamta.'21st century Kunti' is literally a home production, not only in the familial adjustments everyone makes as they struggle with intrinsic Manipuri constraints. The power goes off, and when even the 'CM's VIP line' fails to come on, they call for a candle. 'Do you have compact powder?' asks Joy, the director , helping out a harried Poison , the make-up girl. Popular novelist and playwright , Manaobi MM, nervously gathers his papers; he is writing for the first time for his own film. And behind a shabby curtain, his no-nonsense wife, and producer, H Neki, fries up a daily fish lunch for the whole team, squatting before a firewood stove.She is a remarkable presence in the film, the typical product of a matrilineal society and a perfect foil to the more professorial Manaobi. Husband and wife juggle budgets and bribes; deal with the 30 militant groups who must be informed before any shooting starts; and negotiate their way past the Film Forum , self-anointed custodian of the purity of Manipuri culture. Apart from mauling the film's songs, it insists on the removal of a reference to 'chicken soup' . It's 'alien' .The film draws in the larger swathe of Manipuri cinema. It's a long and vibrant oeuvre, not only because of a 30-year-long ban on the screening of Hindi films. Says Mamta, \"Mine is not a curatorial representation . The films included are meant to trigger rumination. For instance , on roads as a site of love in an earlier era (even gay love - the first archival sequence I show in the film appears to be two men romancing each other, in the 1960s!) to roads as a site of violence in recent times.\"Conflict strolls nonchalantly through her film. Its most unsettling sequence is the fake encounter of former militant C Sanjit, captured on a passerby's cell phone and then exposed by Tehelka. Says Mamta, \"It struck me then that living constantly with conflict means having a bloody image of a killing coexist in your cell phone with that of your kids' birthday pictures. I took that thought to my film. So when Mr Manaobi leaves home on a scooter to buy medicines for his wife, he is tracing the path of C Sanjit who was on his way to the pharmacy for his sick uncle . I am trying to experientially depict what Manipuris say very casually - that staying alive in Manipur is like winning a lottery , pure luck.\"The film's canvas broadens also to show the dovetailing of key political and cinematic moments. The night of the screening of the first magic lantern performance in Manipur was its last free night as an independent kingdom. Just over a century later, in 2001-2002 , when Manipuri films went completely digital, the people were rising in mass protests against the Indian army's excesses.Coming to the 'premiere' , when the blue ray of the projection slits the dark night, a hush descends on the chaotic, Kumbhgrade crowd. For Mamta Murthy, this pivotal moment asserts that while Manipuri filmmakers 'sing a dirge that is crying out to the outside world' , here cinema is also a psalm of hope' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397385", "title": "City protests against MP cop\u2019s murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: A bunch of 25 youngsters from different walks of life was part of a candlelight march at Jantar Mantar on Saturday evening to protest against the murder of Madhya Pradesh IPS officer Narendra Kumar . He is believed to have been killed for his role in tackling the sand mining mafia.His college mates from Aligarh Muslim University, who were part of the candlelight march, had fond memories of him.\"Narendra was a very quiet, peace-loving person, who did not like any fights or quarrels in our group,\" says Varun Pathak, a human rights activist three years his junior in college. Pathak and Kumar attended the same preparatory classes for the civil services.\"He was incredibly hard-working and there were times he was so engrossed in his studies that he would go home late during festivals, too,\" said Pathak. When Pathak first read about the murder of an IPS officer in Madhya Pradesh, the name didn't register. It was only later that night that he figured it was his college mate who had been killed.Kumar's murder was hotly debated on social media sites used by the alumni of Aligarh Muslim University.Another AMU alumnus, Asghar Sharif, as well as Gunjan Gaur, a social worker in LNGP Hospital, and Anima Vishwas from Childline were part of Saturday's protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398556", "title": "Tancet to be held on March 31, April 1", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Common Entrance Test (Tancet) 2012 for MBA, MCA, ME, MTech, MArch, MPlan degree programmes will be held on March 31 and April 1, respectively. The enquiry office will function on March 30, from 9am to 5pm in 14 cities. The office in Chennai will work on March 29 also.Candidates who have misplaced/lost hall tickets have to report to the enquiry office in the city they have opted for duplicate hall tickets. Candidates, who have applied online and not received the hall ticket, should produce evidence of having registered for Tancet. Such candidates have to bring a certificate from the head of the institution last studied or studying. Candidates could also provide a certificate stating that he/she is genuine signed by a gazetted A/B grade officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398516", "title": "Woman, son electrocuted in Chitlapakkam", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman and her son died of burn injuries after a fire broke out due to short circuit at their house in Chitlapakkam on Saturday.Police said Anandhi, 28, of Kalaivanar Street, Jothi Nagar in Chitlapakkam, was busy with household chores when her three-year-old son Sanjeev Krishnan, 3, suffered an electric shock after he pulled out the plug of a table fan. A fire broke out from the sparks caused due to a short circuit in the fan's wiring and smoke filled the room.Anandhi rushed to rescue her son but both suffered electric shock and had burn injuries from head to waist, police said.Anandhi's husband Raja, 30, who runs a roadside eatery in Chitlapakkam, was away when the accident took place. The Chitlapakkam police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12397781", "title": "Sam sand dunes cleaned of filth", "text": "JAISALMER: After the news of Jaisalmer's famous Sam sand dunes losing their beauty due to plastic pollution and empty beer bottles was published in Times of India on February 24, the Youth Hostel Association, New Delhi, home guard jawans and school children on Friday launched a 'Keep Sam Sand Dunes Clean' campaign here. They collected enough garbage to fill three tractors and spent five hours for the campaign.TOI had published the news that due to carelessness of a large number of tourists visiting the Sam dunes, the sand dunes are shrinking in size and if the state government and district administration do not take stringent action, then they will become extinct.Three months ago, chief minister Ashok Gehlot's wife Sunita Gehlot had come to Jaisalmer and had gone to Sam sand dunes. She was quite disappointed and expressed her annoyance.After this news, Youth Hostel Association, New Delhi and Rajasthan unit under Jaisalmer Clean programme launched 'Keep Sam Sand Dunes Clean' drive on Friday. Youth Hostel, Rajasthan state secretary Ratan Singh Bhati and local convener of this programme Ghanshyam Khatre said that Youth Hostel trackers, Saraswati Bal Mandir school students, home guard jawans and 60 other members cleaned Sam sand dunes.They said, \"We have also persuaded the camel owners to keep Sam clean\". Camel owner Khuda Bux and Lale Khan assured them they would do their best to keep the sand dunes clean. Zila pramukh Abdullah Fakir too reached Sam to encourage school children and others for this campaign. Praising this programme, he said this effort is really praiseworthy and a good step to create awareness. It will inspire others, he added.Upendra Singh Rathore, a businessman here said, \"Around 8 years ago the then district collector Hemant Gera had made commendable efforts. He had imposed a ban on taking edible items to the sand dunes and even if anybody wanted to take edible items then tourists were allowed after taking some amount as security on the condition that they would bring back the garbage and the amount would then be refunded. Similarly, he had fixed Rs 80 for a camel safari. After his transfer, this rule too came to end. Today these sand dunes have shrunk and now are on the verge of extinction.\"A businessman said over 6 lakh domestic and foreign tourists visit Sam sand dunes and the number is increasing every year. Although, Sam Sand Dunes Vikas Samiti has been formed to keep the sand dunes clean and the samiti also collects fee per vehicle from the tourists, this samiti remains careless towards cleanliness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12399584", "title": "Crime branch begins probe into paper theft", "text": "CUTTACK: The crime branch on Saturday started investigation into the high school certificate question paper theft incident.Headed by a deputy superintendent of police (DSP) rank official, a crime branch team visited the spot for inquiry.Question papers were allegedly stolen from Bhagabati Vidyapith, located in the Bajapur village in Kakatpur in Puri.The crime branch team visited the school accompanied by a scientific team.\"A team comprising five officials has been formed to probe the paper theft incident. The investigation is in a preliminary stage, and it would not be proper to say anything on the matter now,\" additional director general of Crime branch Abhay said.Notably, the question papers of seven subjects were stolen from Bhaagabti vidyapithaon March 21 following which the board of secondary education, conducting the exam, had to cancel the examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399115", "title": "'I want to make movies about insects'", "text": "Eleven-year-old Partho, who played the lead in the delightfully simple Stanley ka Dabba, won the National Award for Best Child Actor. He talks to Bharati Dubey about his favourite movies, what he wants to do when he grows up and how his father Amole Gupte - the man who directed SKD - tells him not to mug up answersSo, are you going to become an actor?Actually, I need to focus on my studies. When I grow up, I want to continue acting but I also want to write and make movies. I love wildlife, so movies about animals . Especially insects.Do shooting and school together get a bit much? And you're also part of most of your dad's workshops ?The two things never happen together. I have never missed school for any of dad's workshops, since they happen on Saturdays.What's it like, having both parents working in Bollywood ?Some children's parents are doctors or CAs. Mine happen to make films. It doesn't make much of a difference. The good thing is they enjoy what they do. I love listening to their discussions about films.Tell us about them?Dad is an excellent cook and he makes awesome food. He leaves the studies to my mom. But he helps me with Marathi and encourages me to write creatively and not mug up answers.Do your friends treat you differently , now that you're famous and a national award winner?I try not to pay attention to those things. There was a little change in the beginning but that was just for a short while.What do you think of the children's films today?More movies are being made for children , which is good. Too much of masala films is not good for us.Is there a lack of a market for children's films or a lack of film-makers ?I don't really know.Your favourite actors and movies?I enjoy the films dad shows at his workshops, like Colour of Paradise by Majidi, Fly Away Home, animation films like Finding Nemo , Rango and Tintin. Dad took me to see The Artist last week. I loved it... it reminded me of Charlie Chaplin's The Kid. I really like Salman Khan . I also liked 3 idiots and Do Dooni Char. I loved Jaws... so many good movies, I can't name them all!Kids are very tech-savvy nowadays but do you think we might have too many gadgets?Yes we do. It does get too much at times. It's better to use your free time to play outside or to read.Your favourite gadgets?My camera and I also love my iPad.Is the education system burdening kids, restricting individuality?Where I study, there are lots of extra-curricular activities . My friends and I have a lot of free time. We have fun and also do our work. We're also graded and not given marks, so that puts us under less stress. Every week, there is something interesting, like science week or hobby week, which keeps us all happy. I enjoy my day at school. My parents say I should study hard but not get obsessed with marks. So I feel quite lucky about going to a good school, studying and still having time to practice my guitar and capoeira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402634", "title": "Lenny Kravitz turned to bisexual pal for 'Hunger Games'", "text": "Singer Lenny Kravitz studied a bisexual pal to perfect his role as stylist in new movie \"The Hunger Games\".The rocker admits that he was struggling to find the right voice and back story for the enigmatic character and when young friends told him they thought he would be playing a gay man, Kravitz decided to investigate the idea that his character was straight.\"When I'm telling kids and they say, 'Who are you playing?' and I say, 'Cinna', they go, 'Oh, you're playing the gay guy.' That was an actual answer. That's how they perceived it. So I thought about it, and I read the book and I don't see that he is or isn't gay. He's a designer, he's a stylist, he has gold eyeliner - that doesn't mean anything either,\" he added.\"The question was how far do we go with him? The idea was to pull it back and create a character that's more like a Tom Ford or an Yves Saint Laurent - so he wouldn't be too outrageous. He's classic... I kind of played him in the middle,\" reports contactmusic.com\"I actually have a friend who is a dancer, who is bisexual, and he was a lot of inspiration for my speech pattern and my rhythm, and kind of the way I sauntered in and out a little bit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12400586", "title": "Government should listen to people's voice: Anna Hazare", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare on Sunday has started his fast at Jantar Mantar to demand that Parliament pass the Lokpal Bill and a stronger law to protect whistleblower.Anna Hazare said that the government is insensitive to the voice of the people and not providing any support to the whistleblowers who are fighting for nation.The social activist is demanding protection for whistleblowers, a portion that has been removed from the final version of the bill drafted by the government. Families of murdered whistleblowers like S Manjunath and Amit Jethwa are likely to be at the fast venue.\"Today (Sunday) we are going to Jantar Mantar for a day-long fast. The people who are fighting against corruption and have given their lives, the government is not doing anything to protect them,\" Hazare told reporters before leaving for Rajghat.Referring to slain IPS officer Narendra Kumar, who was killed in Morena district of Madhya Pradesh while intercepting a tractor-trolley carrying illegally-mined stones, Hazare said the government has turned a blind eye to the common man's fight against corruption.\"Their families are crying, suffering, the government has turned deaf and mute to their miseries. What for do we have a government,\" Hazare questioned. Calling for a bigger movement, Hazare said Team Anna will travel across the country and tell people that the government's version of the bill is \"useless\".\"Twenty-five people who fought against corruption were murdered. We have been stressing on protection of whistleblowers through a law but the government is not ready to do it,\" he said. \"There will be a bigger, countrywide movement against this. The government has not even investigated into the murder of people who stood against corruption,\" he added.More than 1,000 police personnel will be deputed at Jantar Mantar, a senior police officer said on Saturday.Delhi Police have given conditional permission to Team Anna for the protest on the issue of alleged killings of several honest men and officers by organised mafia or in terror attacks.This will be the first hunger strike undertaken by 74-year-old Anna Hazare after he called off his three-day fast for a strong Lokpal Bill in Mumbai last December owing to failing health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402254", "title": "Victoria Beckham's obsessive exercise regime", "text": "Singer turned fashion designer Victoria Beckham became obsessed with exercising after giving birth to daughter harper. The singer revealed that she went running six days a week to get back in shape.Victoria has four kids, Brooklyn, Romeo, Cruz, and Harper with husband David Beckham said: \"I worked out a lot. I ran a lot. I did it six days a week. I become quite obsessive when I get into something.\"The 37-year-old explained: \"I'll work early in the morning and then I'll work late at night but once England and New York go to bed, I have a little bit of time here. David and I make sure our schedules revolve around the kids. Because we are really focused on what we do work wise it allows us to be balanced.\"\"I worked very hard, but it took a long time for me to find something to say, 'Oh, I'm not bad at this.' And I've found that with what I'm doing now.\"\"I've never been a six-foot-tall, skinny model, so therefore I wanted to create an illusion. People think I'm taller than I am - not because of the shoes I wear but because of the way I dress. It's all relatively streamlined\" reports femalefirst.co.uk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12397800", "title": "Mom refuses to take back kid\u2019s rape FIR, killed", "text": "BHOPAL: A 50-year-old tribal woman was shot dead for refusing to withdraw a police complaint against her daughter's alleged rapist at Hamlapur in Madhya Pradesh's Betul district on Friday night.Reports said the woman's minor daughter was raped on February 10 and she had since been resisting threats to withdraw the complaint. The alleged rapist - Rajesh Kirar - barged into her house along with three friends - Raju Yadav, Montu Yadav and Praveen - and shot her thrice in front of her family after an argument.The rape victim said the men had been threatening her mother for the last two days. The family had informed the police a couple of times, but they did nothing. Betul ASP M L Solanki denied receiving any complaint from the mother. \"We would have lodged another case if she had,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12397550", "title": "New train service launched in Falaknuma-Medchal Route", "text": "Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi flagged off the Falaknuma-Medchal Demu ( Diesel Electric Multiple Unit) passenger train at Falaknuma Railway station on Saturday. Regular service will commence on Sunday. Scheduled to run on all days except on Saturdays, two trips back and forth will be made everyday. Train No. 77681 Falaknuma-Medchal passe- nger will depart Falaknuma at 08.35 am and at 2.40 pm . Train No. 77682 Medchal-Falaknuma passenger will depart Medchal at 10.30 am and again at 4.45 pm. The trains will have eight coaches and cater to 750 passengers. The fare between Falaknuma and Medchal is Rs 7 per passenger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12403775", "title": "Raj's hero worship", "text": "Veteran actor Soumitra Chatterjee's Dada Saheb Phalke Award for his lifetime contribution to cinema is actually an award for the whole Tollywood industry.\"The whole industry is proud for Soumitrada. It is an emotional moment for us. It is a recognition of the hard work a stalwart like him have put in for the last 53 years. Jhinder Bandi , Apur Sansar , Koni , Kaapurush , Akash Kusum , Aranyer Din Ratri , Joy Baba Felunath , Sonar Kella , Charulata, Ghare Baire, Teen Bhubaner Pare , Ganashatru,Sakah Prashakha all are my favourites. Soumitrada is so natural in front of the camera and undoubtedly he is one of the most handsome hero we have in Tollywood. At this age too he stands out in the crowd. His voice too is incredible. It is my dream to work with him some day,\"\" said Raj adding, \"\"He is one of India's most talented actors and so it is obvious that he became Satyajit Ray's favourite.\"Raj approached Soumitra Chatterjee to play the lead while he made \"\"Proloi Asche\"\" but he couldn't because of his prior commitments. \"\"I still remeber when I went to meet Soumitrada in his house before \"\"PA\"\", he was shaving. We met and had a chat about the project but he couldn't adjust the dates. Added to that he was also not keeping well that time. Hope in the near future I get a chance to work with a living legend like Soumitra Chatterjee, \"\" said Raj.Ruman Ganguly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12398771", "title": "Saint Allama Prabhu remembered on Ugadi", "text": "MYSORE: Ugadi, the beginning of Hindu calendar year, was celebrated in the district by exchanging wishes and distributing sweets. But it was celebration of a different kind at Suttur Mutt near here. Those who visited Suttur to witness \"panchanga shravana\", an annual ritual conducted by the mutt on Ugadi, were in for a special lecture on 12th century mystic saint-philosopher Allama Prabhu.Many know the day as the beginning of New Year of the lunar calendar. The day also is the birth anniversary of Allama Prabhu, who was born on this day in 1090.Kannada writer V Vasanthkumar said many have failed to understand and decipher the metaphysical vachanas of Allama Prabhu.He said Basavanna and Allama were two contrasting characters during the social movement of 12th century. \"One, hailing from the highest strata of the society, taught how one can physically and mentally amalgamate themselves with the society and the god, irrespective of social stigmas. The other, hailing from lower strata of society, showed how one can reach the pinnacle of practising mysticism,\" he said, pointing out that Belligavi, the birth place of Allama Prabu, was once a centre of higher studies and manuscripts and stone writings recovered have authenticated it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399353", "title": "Western Railway relief for wait-listed passengers", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major relief for passengers with wait-listed tickets, Western Railway has starting uploading charts mentioning the clearance position of such reservations on its website . This will help passengers assess their chances of getting a confirmed ticket and take a call on whether or not to cancel their unconfirmed bookings on long-distance trains.Chief public relations officer of WR Sharat Chandrayan said, \"We have begun uploading the wait-listed clearance position charts of preceding three days of some important trains. The charts provide confirmation details of wait-listed tickets for all classes. Passengers need to be educated about the system to prevent them from falling into the trap of touts.\"Touts have been taking passengers for a ride by promising to get their wait-listed tickets confirmed, usually through the VIP quota, for a fee. The idea behind the move is to make people understand that their tickets are confirmed through the system and not because of touts' special efforts.For example, the chart uploaded for 12951 Rajdhani Express showed that of the total 18 wait-listed tickets issued originally for AC first class, 16 were confirmed or were provided Reservation Against Cancellation (RAC) on March 19, the day of the journey. Similarly, of the 20 and 28 wait-listed tickets in the same class for the next two subsequent days, 19 were confirmed for March 20 journey and all 28 for the March 21 train.In the AC 3-tier category on the same train, 268, 226 and 230 tickets were confirmed on March 19, March 20 and March 21 respectively. The original wait-listed charts for these three days were 313, 298 and 282.Of the 194 wait-listed passengers in the sleeper class of Gujarat Mail, which runs between Mumbai and Ahmedabad, 168 were able to get confirmed or RAC tickets for March 19 journey. On March 21, all 148 names on the wait list were able to get a confirmed or an RAC ticket.An official said, \"The chances of people getting their tickets confirmed have become better as WR carries out temporary augmentation of coaches , resulting in accommodation of more passengers.\"Chandrayan said, \"WR, whenever possible, will pre-plan its decision to carry out temporary augmentation of services. Citizens can be informed about this in advance so that they can take a quick decision on whether or not to cancel their wait-listed tickets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398482", "title": "People step out to lend a hand to traffic policemen", "text": "CHENNAI: The common man rose to the occasion on Saturday to help police manage traffic as confused motorists criss-crossed Anna Salai on Saturday.Arun Kumar, a commerce graduate, was seen helping the traffic police regulate traffic at Tenyampet signal.\"I saw the chaos and decided to help the traffic police. Since it is the first day of traffic diversion, there is bound to be confusion and people must cooperate,\" Arun said. Motorists who turned left at Tenyampet signal to go to T Nagar and North Boag Road were grateful for Arun's intervention.An autorickshaw driver passing through Chamiers Road saw the chaos and immediately parked his vehicle by the roadside to don the role of a traffic marshal. He was seen directing motorists and clearing the jam near the Chamiers Road-Cenotaph Road signal.It was a tough day for the traffic policemen who had to bear the wrath of angry motorists.\"People should appreciate the efforts made by policemen and at least give them some water to drink in this sweltering heat,\" said V Nagarajan, a resident of G N Chetty Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399464", "title": "Raman gets charge of Yamuna E-Way", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another bureaucratic reshuffle, the Samajwadi government on Saturday gave Rama Raman the additional charge as chief executive of Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority. Raman is currently serving as president and chief executive officer of Greater Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12399489", "title": "Mamata softens on Gorkhaland Territorial Administration ambit to placate Morcha", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee bent a little on Saturday to make peace with the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM), which has been demanding elections to the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) only after the inclusion of new areas of Terai and Dooars and three blocks of Rajganj adjoining Siliguri.Morcha chief Bimal Gurung came to Kolkata with six partymen to meet the CM on Saturday. After an hour-long meeting, the state government toned down its earlier stand on holding GTA elections within the present geographical boundaries, and promised the GJM delegation that elections would be held only after the high-powered committee, led by former chief justice of Allahabad high court Shyamal Sen, submits its report on area inclusion.According to sources, the Justice Sen committee has made considerable progress. The GJM demands inclusion of 398 mouzas - 196 in Dooars, 199 in Terai and three in Rajganj . Gurung had threatened to revive the Gorkhaland agitation if the GTA accord was not signed by March 27.On Saturday - 48 hours before his deadline - Gurung said: \"We are satisfied with today's meeting. I told the chief minister that the high-powered committee should expedite the process. There has been much delay in the identification of mouzas.\" However, the outfit is not putting off its April 17 meeting at Sukna, where Gurung is expected to announce the party's course on GTA.Asked what would happen if the committee ruled out inclusion of new areas, GJM leader Roshan Giri said: \"This can't be. We have four representatives in the high-powered committee. They will present our case strongly. The Gorkhas have a strong presence in Dooars and Terai, which explains why Wilson Champramari got elected from Kalchini as an Independent. The Gorkhas have a presence in three blocks of Rajganj, too.\"On The Same PlainJustice Sen committee to submit report on inclusion of new areas in GTA by early June Govt &amp; GJM agree to abide by its recommendations. Govt will issue notification for inclusion of new areas, if any GTA elections will be held in June-end or early July First elections to be held on basis of delimitation of constituencies as specified in GTA Act, notwithstanding recommendations of the committee If new areas are included in GTA, state will nominate representatives in consultation with GJMGTA: Delimitation process to continueRoshan Giri read out the minutes of the resolution agreed upon by the government and the GJM. It says that the committee will have to submit its report by early June, though it has an extension till September. Elections to GTA will be held by June-end or early July. \"The government and GJM will abide by the recommendations of the high power committee in letter and spirit over area inclusion ,\" the resolution says.The government in the meantime will continue with the delimitation process . \"When the committee names the inclusion of new areas in its June report, the government will nominate members from those areas in consultation with the GJM,\" Giri said. GTA has provision for 45 elected members and five government nominees, while the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council had 42 elected members.Chief secretary Samar Ghosh later clarified that the number of the GTA members would depend on the number of moujas included, if at all.The development came on a day when the CPM held its first meeting in Darjeeling in a year. CPM state committee member Asok Bhattacharya welcomed the initiative to hold GTA elections . \"There are some incongruities in the GTA agreement and the Act that the present government and the GJM have to sort out on their own. I fear that both the GJM and the Trinamool-led government are under pressure , which explains the shadow fight,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12401702", "title": "KYKL militant held in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Police's operation wing on Saturday succeeded to nab one Kanglei Yawol Kanna Lup (KYKL) militant from the Pub Sarania area in Guwahati on Saturday. He was identified as Ishwor Chandra (25), a cadre of the banned outfit, residing in a rented house of the area.Police is now scanning his laptop for classified documents. \"Manipuri militants are holed out in the city for a long time and running an extortion racket here,\" said a police officer. KYKL formed in 1994 is a Meitei terrorist group.The objective of the KYKL was to 'rebuild' the Manipuri society by clearing it of all vices, drugs and corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12398105", "title": "To relocate nests or not: The debate goes on", "text": "PANAJI: Relocation of turtle nests from the surf zone on the beach to drier ground appears inevitable for safety reasons, but some are not happy with the interference with a natural process. \"There are chances of an embryological disaster, as the eggs may absorb mechanical shocks during the process of shifting, leaving congenital defects,\" says Manoj Borkar, a marine zoologist.Borkar argues that during excavation to shift the eggs, they may be exposed to subtle temperature variations, which may affect the emerging hatchlings sex ratio. \"If it is higher, then more females will come out,\" he says.But forest department officials justify the relocation saying the eggs may rot if the temperature is not right for incubation. \"They need temperatures of at least 32 \u00b0C for incubation, and even if less by two or three degrees, they may rot,\" says Amar Heblekar, range forest officer (wildlife), Campal.Borkar points out that the orientation of eggs as they are laid is important.\"If they are laid upside down, the eggs won't develop.\" Heblekar assures that the shifting is done carefully. \"We use black marker pens to indicate position of the egg.\" The yolk of the egg is always at the top and the albumen at the bottom. \"We have achieved over 80% success for many years and statistics prove it,\" Heblekar adds.He feels deformed hatchlings may not survive. \"The little ones have to dig and come out instinctively from two feet deep and crawl to the sea.\" In a couple of cases, the lower percentage of hatchlings was due to the presence of a creeper, Ipomoea biloba. \"The root near the nest gives a lower percentage,\" Heblekar says.Borkar argues that the instinct to emerge from the nest will even overcome deformities. After reaching the sea, it may be a dead end for them. \"And no study is done to ascertain the deformities,\" he says.Gerard Fernandes, a local with a BSc in chemistry and zoology, says relocation interferes with the natural selection of the sexes. \"Even if the success rate of hatchlings is okay, there is no mechanism to ascertain their sex ratio.\"Borkar called for a comprehensive habitat management and also captive ranching. \"Shifting them to controlled conditions like labs may help achieve 100% results. It has been done in the breeding of crocodiles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397677", "title": "Difficult decisions ahead, warns Pranab", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what may be a pointer to an increase in fuel and urea prices, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Saturday said the government will take and implement \"some difficult decisions\" in the coming months.\"In meeting the targets under the (expenditure) roadmap, I am conscious of the fact that the government would need to take and implement some difficult decisions in the coming months,\" Mukherjee said at a post-budget event organised by industry chamber Ficci.Although Mukherjee and prime minister Manmohan Singh had talked of \"biting the bullet\" within hours of budget presentation, Saturday's statement seems to suggest that the decisions may start flowing within a matter of days. Parliament is scheduled to go into a recess from April 1 to study the budget proposals so that lawmakers can return to vote on it in May. The government is expected to use the break to increase prices of petrol and also work around with diesel subsidy although petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy had ruled out deregulation on Friday.On urea, the expectation is that the government will raise prices by around 10% to implement a decision of the group of ministers. Allies such as DMK are not on board yet and the government hopes to soften them in the coming weeks to avoid any confrontation on the touchy issues to avoid any embarrassment such as the one that followed an across-the-board fare hike in Dinesh Trivedi's rail budget.In his statement at the industry chamber, Mukherjee was upfront in admitting that he could not push through the tough measures in the Budget given the Congress' thin presence in Parliament.\"We cannot go on with the approach that is divorced from the reality. But I believe that Budget is not the only exercise through which all the work is to be done because I cannot ignore the ground reality that mere announcement of decisions if it cannot be pursued is serving no purpose as it happened in the past,\" he said.Drawing confidence from the easing of inflation, Mukherjee said that the government expects interest rates to come down in days to come. It will thus help in boosting investment confidence.\"Core inflation has moderated in the past three months and in the coming months we are looking at reversal of the policy rate, which should help in improving business sentiments,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12403157", "title": "\u201cEega\u201d awaits a grand launch", "text": "Ace director Rajamouli of \"Magadheera\" fame is all geared up for the music launch of his much hyped forthcoming socio-fantasy flick, &quot;Eega&quot;.To this end, the promotional activities around the production have already begun. \"Starting from tomorrow, http://eegamovie.com conducts simple contests for you to win passes for the audio release. Stay tuned,\" the director announced.The event will allow fans to get a first-hand experience of a big ticket Tollywood music launch function. In anticipation of a huge turnout, a city auditorium with a capacity of 2000, has been already booked. \"The venue for the audio release is Brahama Kumari's Academy in G achibowli,\" Rajamouli further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12397860", "title": "Indian Leprosy Foundation organizes rally, street play to create awareness on TB", "text": "IDFnext and Indian Development Foundation (formerly Indian Leprosy Foundation), Mumbai, a partner of Sarthak Manav Kushthashram, organized a rally and a street play \"Kshaya ka Kshaya...Do Away With TB\" on Saturday to create awareness on TB.The rally kicked-off from Pink Square Mall and ended at Kachchi Basti, Jawahar Nagar. The event was supported by Prarambh Foundation, Shastri Nagar and Aadhaar Foundation, Jawahar Nagar. It started at 8.30am and lasted for two hours. Senior educationist, Renu Sharma put some light on the significance of such events.The event saw participation of nearly 80 students from different schools and colleges.By the means of street plays people were made aware of the causes, prevention and cure of the disease and were guided about the proper way of medication of TB. Many people promised to quit liquor and smoking while they watched the street play.Kovid Oli, development executive of IDF, explained the strategies and objectives of the NGO. Aryaman Chetas Pandey, social ambassador of IDF spoke about the upcoming social events to be organized and Sandeep Edwin from Prarambh Foundation concluded the event.TB had taken away all children from this familyIn the house of 45-year-old Salimuddin Gauri in Ghat Gate area, TB had taken away all his children.Life was smooth for Gauri till five years ago. But within six months, he lost all his four children to TB.The life became more painful for him when last year his younger brother Azimuddin passed away while undergoing treatment for TB.\"I lost my children who were everything for me. Arif was the youngest of all of them. He was 22 when he died. Mehraj was younger to him, he also died when he was 18, and their sisters Shabnam and Hina were 17 and 15 when they passed away. I lost my children in just six months time because of TB,\" Gauri said.Gauri has a shop in Ghat Gate area where he repairs fans and coolers. \"Now, there is no ambition in life. I earn for my wife, who is still in shock,\" he said.There are many more in the area who are TB patients. A resident of the area, Zakir Ahmed said, \"In my neighbourhood, an entire family died of tuberculosis. The house is locked now,\" he said.Besides, there are many people in the area, who are undergoing treatment for tuberculosis.An official involved in Revised National TB Control Programme said with the community leaders' help, we made announcement in mosques and also organized nukkad nataks to make awareness about TB in the area.\"TB cases are detected more in slum and congested areas. Because they consider TB a stigma, people often do not go out for medical treatment, which makes things worse. So, proper awareness about TB and free availability of treatment, which is expensive, can make a difference,\" the official said.\"If coughing does not end in two weeks, the person should go for TB tests as 40% of the population carries TB virus,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402683", "title": "Shraddha\u2019s theatrical evenings in Mumbai", "text": "The Bong actress has been heading to catch various plays on her time-off.First she caught the staging of Nadira Babbar's \"Footnotes of life\" at the Prithvi Theater on March 21 and as soon as she got back to Mumbai from Hyderabad, Shraddha posted on her microblogging site - \"Going to c another play tonight at prithvi theatre again, with my bestest frd for a decade...\"(sic)Shraddha Das is currently filming for Telugu flick \" Rey\" opposite Sai Dharam Tej and also a Kanada film, \"Hosa Prema Purana\", Shraddha Das had made her Bollywood debut opposite Omi Vaidya in the Ajay Devgn-starrer, \"Dil Toh Baccha Hai Ji in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12398984", "title": "Paisa vasool: GST &amp; other jousts", "text": "The states and the Centre aren't just squabbling over the NCTC and permitting FDI in retail chains. There is a slightly lowerprofile battle on over how India should move towards a unified Goods &amp; Service Tax (GST), billed as the biggest tax reform. All state governments led by Bihar deputy CM Sushil Modi, who heads the empowered group of state finance ministers, seem to be on the same wavelength on the issue.At the heart of the dispute is the phasing out of central sales tax, which used to be levied at 4% on all inter-state trade in goods in addition to the central excise and the state VAT. As part of the progression towards GST, states were to phase it out and the Centre was to compensate them for the loss in revenue during the transition.But just when CST was halved, the fiscal battle began, leading to an indefinite postponement of the GST rollout, initially supposed to happen in April 2010. Now, no one knows when that tax reform will ultimately happen since talks have completely collapsed and the very basis of GST is being questioned.Amid the confusion Modi dashed off a letter to finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on February 14 and another on the eve of the budget. He demanded that CST either be enhanced back to 4% or full compensation be paid to the states for the cut. But Mukherjee refused to provide funds in the budget for any such compensation. \"The compensation was originally planned for three years. Government of India cannot keep paying compensation endlessly for as many years as GST does not come,\" finance secretary R S Gujral said earlier this week, even as the FM has chosen not to comment on the issue. There is little else that the Centre can now do to pressurise states to agree to GST. After all, the Constitution clearly lays down the terms of the fiscal relationship.While the Centre collects direct (such as income and corporation tax) and indirect (excise, customs and service tax) taxes, it has to share the collections with the states, the formula for the sharing decided every five years by the Finance Commission. It also prescribes that grants-in-aid be provided to the states. Since the constitutional amendments in 1992, the commission also earmarks funds that directly go to panchayats and municipalities.So, the last commission, which submitted its report in 2010, prescribed that 32% of the Centre's gross tax receipts be shared with the states, compared to 30.5% up to March 2010. As a result, of the Rs 10.7 lakh crore that Mukherjee hopes to collect through direct and indirect taxes in 2012-13 , a little over Rs 3 lakh crore will be transferred to state governments.Over the years, states have got a higher share of the Centre's kitty. Earlier, they were only entitled to a part of income tax and excise, but since 2000 the scope has been expanded. There are other incentives, too, that come for states improving their fiscal situation. For instance, thanks to the recommendations of the 12th Finance Commission (2005-2010 ), most states can today boast of having cash surpluses, which add up to over Rs 50,000 crore.A far cry from the days when the states were only seeking bailouts from the Centre and overdrafts from the Reserve Bank of India. Of course, there are the likes of West Bengal, Kerala and Punjab, which refuse to learn and are back with a begging bowl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12404033", "title": "SRK, Kareena, Priyanka part of literacy mission", "text": "Several leading Bollywood actors including Shahrukh Khan , Anil Kapoor , Kareena Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra would now be reaching out to people with their message of education to all.The National Literacy Mission Authority today launched a music video for its literacy anthem titled 'Shiksha ka Suraj' which apart from these actors also features veteran actress Shabana Azmi and film-maker Farhan Akhtar .The video was unveiled by E Ahamed, the Minister of State in the Human Resource Ministry. Among those present on the occasion was Javed Akhtar , who had penned the lyrics for the Literacy anthem.Addressing the audience, Akhtar said that all the actors who feature in the song video had decided to do it for free. The song has been sung by Bollywood playback singers Sonu Nigam and Alka Yagnik .\"During the last decade the literacy rate has improved from 64. 84 per cent to 74.04 per cent which indicates an increase of 9.2 percent,\" the minister said,Ahamed also said that literacy and education were engines which were driving the country's growth. He said that the central government's initiatives had resulted in the increase in literacy levels.Ahamed also congratulated the National Literacy Mission Authority (NLMA) for having successfully conducted a national mobilisation campaign under the name \" Sakshar Bharat Yatra\".As part of this campaign, the NLMA had through an NGO Bharat Gyan Vigyan Samiti (BGVS) sent five groups which travelled all across the country spreading awareness through songs, plays and mass contact in thousands of villages and towns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12397704", "title": "Palmolein case hearing postponed", "text": "THRISSUR: The Thrissur vigilance court on Saturday postponed the hearing of various petitions related to palmolein case, to April 24.In a petition, bureaucrat-turned-politician and former MLA Alphonse Kannanthanam had requested the Thrissur vigilance court to make chief minister Oommen Chandy an accused in the case, on the basis of existing evidences.In another petition, opposition leader VS Achuthanandan had appealed to implead him as a petitioner in the case.In his petition, Achuthanandan had also requested to quash the order of the Kerala high court that gave a clean chit to Oommen Chandy in the case in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12398729", "title": "Students show tech potential in air and sea", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From workshops on android development to remote controlled aircraft development, the second day of PEC University of Technology's technical event Vyom had a lot for the students to exhibit, on Saturday.Rear Admiral B R Taneja delivered an inspiring lecture as the second day proceeded. A Nausena Medal awardee, Admiral Taneja provided a glimpse of the exciting and fast paced modernization of the Indian Navy.This session was followed by a discussion with Praveen Vettiyattil, CEO of Sharda Solutions, who enlightened the audience regarding gravity bridges and cleaner travel in cities.Meenakshi Varyani, while organizing the aero event, said, \"We have exciting workshops for all, ranging from those on android development to the ones on remote controlled aircraft. CSI and Technoroadies were some of the fun-filled events which examined the analytical skills and practical knowledge of the participants.\"The day culminated with a magic show by Arvind Jayashankar and the releasing of sky lanterns into the infinite blue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397478", "title": "Stamps department\u2019s revenue collections to touch 5,600cr", "text": "HYDERABAD: The change in block-wise values for residential areas, door number-wise values for commercial and industrial areas and fixed composite values (combined value for land and construction) for assessment of market value of apartments and flats in urban areas is all set to help the stamps and registration department to achieve a gross revenue of Rs 5,600 crore this fiscal.This figure is Rs 1,172 crore more than the gross revenue of Rs 4,428 crore achieved during the last financial year.Another reason cited by senior officials for the growth rate has been the changes in market values for dry, wet, garden and survey number-wise values for the classifications of agriculture land fit for house sites and land abutting national and state highways in rural areas.Officials said cases of under-valuations by the parties for levy of stamp duty and registration fee have been reduced by compulsory adoption of the market value fixed by the department. They said the stamps and registration department achieved these healthy collections without tweaking the rate structure, which was last revised on August 1, 2010 both in urban and rural areas. The revision of market value of urban properties was due in the year 2011 (with effect from August 1, 2011), but no revision was taken up. Neither were any changes in respect of stamp duties effected in 2011.The department regularly takes up the study of trends in market value of the land and determines the value of land to be adopted by the parties at the time of execution of documents for proper payment of the stamp duty and registration fee. Though the state capital and its surrounding areas are yet to regain its past glory in the real estate sector, officials said land transactions and registrations showed a healthy rise in all districts headquarters and small towns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12399036", "title": "Jewellers\u2019 protest enters day eight", "text": "KANPUR: Continuing with their indefinite strike on the third consecutive day, members of the Uttar Pradesh Sarafa Association raised strong protest over the proposed hike in the excise duty on the gold and silver jewellery items in the Union Budget 2012.On Saturday, the Jeweller fraternity of the city took out a huge vehicle procession to show their strength. The vehicular procession began from Phoolbagh and passed through various localities including Parade, Meston Road, Moolganj, Halsey Road, Chamanganj, Collectorganj, Ghantaghar, Nayaganj to finally reach Birhana Road. The members of the Sarafa Association held placards in their hands which read that the Central government should take back the hiked excise duty.Pushpendra Jaiswal, President, Akhil Bharatiya Swarnkar Parishad informed that for the past eight days, the city jewellers had not opened their stores in protest. He also said the protest would continue till the time the hiked percentage of excise duty was rolled back.Jaiswal also said the hiked excise duty would come as a burden to customers as they would end up paying Rs 1,400 more on every 10 gm of gold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12398901", "title": "Looking for news of village at fair", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While many people turned up at 'Made in Pakistan' expo for shopping, Panchkula resident, S H L Sehni, who was 10 at the time of Partition when his family migrated to India, came here only to meet those who were left behind in 1947. He spent time with Pakistani traders inquiring about his hometown, the old buildings and markets.\"Before Partition, we used to stay at Campbellpur, which is now Atak. One day when I came from my school, I was shocked to see that the house was empty and my parents had left the house because of Partition. A Muslim family took me to my parents,\" said Sehni.He said his reason for coming to this expo was to revive old memories. \"I could not find anybody from Atak but I met Zumord Khan who had visited Atak. He told me that it has changed a lot,\" he added.Sehni and many others like him who migrated to India came to the exhibition to walk down memory lane, talking to people from Pakistan who might be from their city or the locality where they once stayed.\"A lot of people feel nostalgic when they hear that the product has been made in Rawalpindi or Peshawar. Many had migrated to Indian Punjab and continue to share the emotional bond,\" said a trader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12399038", "title": "Braving the heat? Sweat not, rainy days", "text": "BANGALORE: The scorching heat forced many Bangaloreans to spend their Ugadi at home on Friday. The maximum temperature was 35 degrees Celsius for the past two days. Bellary recorded the highest temperature in the state of 40.6 degrees Celsius, followed by Gulbarga that has been reeling under 40.2 degrees Celsius.Bangalore had received rain last year on the same day, said officials at the meteorological department. As per the forecast, parts of coastal Karnataka are expected to receive rain in one or two days. \"Power cuts and this scorching heat are the worst factors now. On weekdays, when we spend most of time in our air-conditioned offices, summer doesn't seem to affect us much. But during the weekends, the frequent power shutdown at home makes it unbearable,\" said Elsa Jacob, a banker from Jayanagar.According to MB Rajegowda, professor, agro meteorology, University of Agricultural Sciences, Bangalore is experiencing scorching heat as the state did not have much of the North Eastern Monsoon.\"Earlier, Bangalore used to record 35 degree Celsius only in the second or third week of April, but this year, the temperature has already gone up. But, we will receive summer rains in the last week of March and the temperature will come down,\" said Rajegowda.Hard to believe he wouldn't be yelling out to his team, \"Follow the drill, It matters\". The end came on Saturday evening after a massive heart attack. He was 61.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12397380", "title": "Family claims music teacher was murdered", "text": "NAGPUR: The family of musician Rajan Lal wants the city police to register his death as murder. Daniel, a retired government employee, said that his younger son was victim of a well-planned murder and the suicide note was an eyewash. Police, on the contrary, said the death seems to be more like suicide and will be sending the note for expert scrutiny.The family suspects that Rajan's girlfriend had a role to play in his death. Police have found undergarment of women at his rented place. Rajan's elder brother Sanjay said the girlfriend was the first to inform that he was missing. The police, after interrogating the girlfriend, have ruled out her involvement.Rajan, who is in the 20s, had four parallel incisions on his left hand and another six such cuts on the right. Untraceable since March 21, his body was fished out of Ambazari Lake on Friday morning. The family members identified the body later in the day. The incident turned murky after Rajan's rented room at Raj Nagar in Sadar was found to have blood stains at a numbers of places. Clothes soaked in blood, a knife and bucket full of water which had turned red too was found in the room.The suicide note in English was written on the rear side of a bill on a purchase made from a tony mall at Sitabuldi in February. The police also found another bill of purchases made from another mall at Sadar. Rajan had purchased a knife and a lock from there. Police said that it was the same knife which was used to make the cuts on the hands.Daniel said that there were no blood stains on the bike found parked near the lake. \"It is not possible for a man to cover the distance on his bike from Sadar to Ambazari with blood oozing from both the hands,\" he said. \"He was injured and transported in another vehicle before being hurled into the lake.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12397635", "title": "Supreme Court has not held police\u2019s chargesheet as invalid, says high court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In connection with the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case, Gujarat high court has observed that though the Supreme Court has not accepted the investigation carried out by Gujarat police, it has not held the chargesheet filed by CID (crime) to be invalid at the same time.Like it did in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, the apex court also transferred the Tulsiram encounter case to CBI after CID (crime) filed a couple of chargesheets against cops from Gujarat and Rajasthan. SC transferred the probe with observation that the investigation carried out by Gujarat police could not be accepted as satisfactory.In seeking default bail, suspended IPS and then SP of Banaskantha Vipul Agrawal contended that CBI has not filed any chargesheet within stipulated time of six months as granted by the SC. Moreover, SC has refused to accept the investigation and that it means the chargesheets filed by CID (crime) were also not accepted by the SC, he submitted.In refusing bail to Agrawal, Justice M D Shah observed that the SC has not expressed any opinion on the merits of the matter and that the SC has not quashed the chargesheet filed by the Gujarat state and the cognizance taken by the magistrate. \"It is clear that though the SC has not accepted the investigation carried out by the Gujarat Police, it has not held the chargesheet filed in the Court to be invalid,\" HC order reads.CBI has been granted extension to probe this case by the SC till March 28.Meanwhile, another accused in this case, suspended SP Rajkumar Pandian, has dubbed CBI probe as a poor copy of CID (crime). Pandian has been shown as an absconder by CID (crime) in this case despite the fact that he has been lodged in jail for the last five years in connection with the Sohrabuddin encounter case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12397366", "title": "CBSE not to allow students take project work home", "text": "NAGPUR: CBSE has been making a constant effort to improvise its education system and has been making amendments in its style of functioning to achieve best results. Now, CBSE will be introducing a major change regarding the project work from next academic session. CBSE students will have to complete their project work on the school premises and essentially during school hours.Board chairman Vineet Joshi told TOI that under Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) scheme students would not be allowed to take or prepare their projects outside the school campus.It is extremely common for students to complete their projects at home and some even take unfair advantage of this leeway given by schools. Students are known to get their projects prepared by someone else for a fee or copy it from the Internet thus defeating the purpose of CCE.SS Upadhyay, principal of Kendriya Vidyalaya, Kamptee, said, \"This is a good move by the board as students will benefit from completing their work in the presence of their teachers.\"This new mandate will be extremely challenging. But some schools feel proper time management will ensure compliance with the board's decision.Kana Roy Chaudhari, principal of Centre Point (Katol Road) said, \"Excellent coordination between teachers and students while giving projects to students will be the key for effective implementation of the decision. It will be class teacher's responsibility to be know what projects are being handled by her students and ensure that they are not overburdened. We have been following the policy of giving just two projects per week and I am convinced it will not affect the schedule at all.\"Reena Dargan, principal of Ira International School, recommended formatting of project questions in a specific way to effectively manage the entire work. \"We need to guide students about which specific points the evaluators would be looking for. Answers to the questions given for project work should be available in school library. In this way, they would be introduced to topics that they would learn the next year.,\" said Dargan.Another teacher from a private CBSE school, on condition of anonymity, said, \"While we all bank on time management it actually never happens. A public holiday here, a bus strike there or students falling sick will throw up the best laid plans haywire. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12397674", "title": "Workers\u2019 agitation: 23 arrested", "text": "GURGAON: Twenty-three labourers were arrested on Saturday in connection with the workers' agitation at an under-construction project site in Sector 58 on Friday after a co-worker fell to death. Police also filed an FIR that mentioned negligence and culpable homicide against contactor firms L&T; and Alufit Ltd on the basis of police investigation. The labourers were produced at a city court and have been sent to 14 days judicial custody.Meanwhile, a force of 50 policemen has been deployed as precaution on the incident spot. The construction work has come to a halt for the time being.Thousands of labourers went on the rampage on Friday when a worker died after falling from the sixth floor of a building under construction in Sector 58. Angry labourers working in the area torched a police Gypsy, damaged about a dozen more vehicles and demolished a section of the housing project.Late on Friday night, the Badshapur police lodged an FIR against 200 protesting workers. Another FIR was lodged which mentioned negligence and culpable homicide against contactor firms L&T; and Alufit Ltd.Meanwhile, on the site of project the work was stopped. \"We have taken action against the labourers and also the contractor firms. We identified some other agitators and arrest them soon,\" said a senior police officer. \"As a precaution, we have deployed around 50 cops there. The workers have not reported for work, but the situation is under control,\" added office.The incident took place around 12.30pm on Friday when Babul Hasan, 25, from Baghpat in Uttar Pradesh, fell at the site of Ireo's Grand Arch. He was employed by Alufit Ltd, which is hiring labourers for the project. Labourers alleged that the contractor did not provide them with adequate safety equipment. If he had reached hospital on time, his life could have been saved.Also on Saturday, Alufit Ltd termed the incident an unfortunate accident. \"We take utmost care to ensure that all safety norms and procedures are adhered to at our construction sites. The incident was not the result of any lack of safety,\" said Col. Ravinder Singh, Head (HR and Operations) of Alufit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12398708", "title": "Tents down, securitymen \u2018coverless\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after the Chandigarh administration started removing tents of security staff pitched outside the houses of VIPs, including bureaucrats, judges and politicians, the cops, with no roof over their heads, were left 'coverless'.Although the Punjab and Haryana high court had on Thursday ordered the removal of security tents that had encroached on green belts in almost all parts of the city, the senior officers failed to take care of the concerns of their securitymen.Hundreds of security guards belonging to Punjab and Chandigarh police spent Friday night out in the open after tents were removed from green patches in the city.Out of these 75 tents, 60 were occupied by security staff of Punjab VIPs, three by those of Haryana and 12 by Chandigarh-based VIPs. In the absence of any alternative arrangement for them, the guards were seen lying on the ground or sitting on charpoys on Saturday, with their uniforms hanging from trees.A head constable with the 5th battalion of Punjab police commando, posted outside the house of former Punjab CM Beant Singh, on the condition of anonymity, told TOI, \"We were asked to remove tents during the night of March 22 and since then we have been under the open sky.\" Around two dozen Punjab police commandos and a dozen general police personnel comprise the security of family members of the former CM.\"Nobody has informed us about an alternative shelter,\" the commando added.Punjab cops deployed for the security of former CM Capt Amrinder Singh outside his house in Sector 10, were also in the same situation as their counterparts in the 5th battalion. One of the guards said, \"We are taking shelter in Congress Bhawan, Sector 15.\"Rajpal Singh Sidhu, commandant 5th battalion, said, \"We have not received any orders about where to make arrangements for these commandos.\" A senior Punjab police official said there had never been any plan for housing cops on VIP duty.DIG (security) S P S Basra refused to comment on the chaos outside the houses of VIPs and SP (security) Satinder Pal Singh, who had submitted the reply in high court, could not be contacted on phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399128", "title": "A surprise in every dish", "text": "The dining concept in Bangalore is showing a new trend -- of homes transforming into restaurants. Desi Tarka, a Tandoori and North Indian restaurant in Jayanagar, specializes in comfort food. Minimalistic in its decor, the restaurant may initially pass off for an officers' mess. Despite its odd looks, there's room for everyone, with its special fare of vegetarian and non-vegetarian delicacies.A glass of sweet lassi, accompanied with Tandoori Sabzi Milijuli, is appealing for the first course. Decently priced between Rs 50 and Rs 80, the veg starters are adequately passable. However, if it is paneer that makes you go weak in the knees, then you must weigh your options carefully. For starters, Achari Paneer Tikka may prove to be a dampener, as it lacks spice. Don't be surprised if you are treated to a Paneer Butter Masala with a hint of tanginess, and Paneer Makai Muttar during the main course. Non-vegetarians can enjoy spicy and succulent chicken and delectable fish, priced between Rs 90 and Rs 300. Tandoor items like Hariyali Chicken, Chicken Hari Mirch Kabab and Tandoori Fish Tikka make for interesting choices.For the main course, Desi Tarka offers a stack of veg dishes, priced between Rs 50 and Rs 80, including combo meals served only during lunch. However, a word of caution: don't go by the menu or you may have to nurse lost hopes, as sometimes the combo meal lunch menu changes daily. So if you love rajma, try your luck over the weekend. But till then, Dal Makhani will make up for the lost cause during the week.To escape the routine food drama, one must definitely try the Murg Niligiri as Desi Tarka prepares its chicken in a flavoured combination of palak blended smoothly with a variety of spices. Carrying the flavours of authentic Punjabi food, the non-veg curries are priced between Rs 100 and Rs 200. Chicken Tikka Masala is another customer's choice winner. For the ones looking at variety, chefs at Desi Tarka dish out special orders with different kinds of biryani, especially Chicken Tikka (Rs 100) and Fish Tikka (Rs 200). To end your meal at Desi Tarka, make sure to ask for their homemade Matka Kulfi, available only at dinner time.Despite its slow service during weekdays, that may keep you waiting, one should visit the jam-packed restaurant during weekends. If not, dial the buzzing phones at Desi Tarka for prompt takeaways or home delivery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12401009", "title": "Sewerage project to get a push with fund release", "text": "INDORE: The much-delayed sewerage project of Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is likely to get a push with the sanction of fourth and final instalment of Rs 38.39 crore from JNNURM. The project is now expected to be complete d by June giving citizens respite from water logging in the coming monsoon season.City engineer Harbhajan Singh said the final installment of the project has been approved by the JNNURM monitoring committee.The fund for the project was withheld for some time. Later, IMC officials apprised the committee about the status of the project in a meeting held a few days ago in Delhi. They had urged the Union officials to release the fund.With the release of funds, the central and the eastern lines will be functional by the end of this month, while the western line will be functional in June. Out of the 151 km long sewerage line, work for 133 km is completed. The delay in completion of the work has already led to a cost escalation from Rs 450 crore to 650 crore.The project was started by former mayor Uma Shashi Sharma. It was expected to be completed by June 2011. The sewerage line in the city was laid in 1932 by the British government and currently a major part of the city does not have sewerage line. This is for the first time after independence that the municipal body has taken up the sewerage work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12399477", "title": "\u2018Free\u2019 books on sale at Lohardaga fair", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Books on tribal legend Birsa Munda, published by the welfare department, were meant to be distributed free to the people of Jharkhand. However, they are being sold at the National Book Fair in Lohardaga.A TOI correspondent who visited the fair found several books published by the welfare department on sale, outside the camp office of the Pustak mela samiti. A receipt of Rs 20 was given to him when he purchased a book from there.Alok Kumar Sahu, a member of the Congress's Lohardaga district vigilance committee, on Saturday, has requested deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar to take action against Chandra Bhushan, the secretary of Pushtak Mela Samiti, New Delhi.The book clearly says on its first page 'Dharti Aba Bhagwan Birsa Munda ke janm din aur rajya ke sthapna divas ke shubh bela me rajya ki janata ko bhent' (The book on Birsa Munda is to be gifted to the people of Jharkhand on the occasion of Birsa Munda's birth anniversary and the state's foundation day). It also has a price tag of Rs 20 on it.Chandra Bhushan who was in Patna said over the phone that all allegations against him were provoked by vested interests. 'Every organization has some rules and no one is allowed to break it. We only wished to display the books stored unused in the welfare department. If the department could charge money for the books why shall we give it for free in the fair?\" he said.In Ranchi, tribal welfare commissioner Praveen Toppo said that anything published for free distribution cannot be sold. \"Anyone who sells it is doing it against the norms,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12401595", "title": "Assam girl makes it to reality show main round", "text": "GUWAHATI: Arpita Dutta, a young girl from Assam, has been selected for the main round of a popular reality dance show contest.At the deciding round of the competition held in Kolkata on March 13, Arpita managed to make her way to the main (screen) round which is to be held in Mumbai.Arpita's performance was appreciated by all judges who showered praises on her. About 25 participants from the northeast took part in the eastern zone deciding round out of which 11 were selected for the main round. Arpita is the only participant from Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12399034", "title": "Merchant shoots brother-in-law, after row, held", "text": "BANGALORE: A heated argument turned tragic after a scrap merchant allegedly shot dead his 35-year-old brother-in-law, who is also an scrap merchant, inside latter's residence on Friday night.The incident took place in Bismillanagar near Mico Layout around midnight when Aslam Sharif fired two rounds, seriously injuring Jamsheed Sharif.One bullet pierced Jamsheed's chest which led to immense loss of blood. Neighbours took Jamsheed to a hospital where he breathed his last around 8am on Saturday. Mico Layout police arrested prime accused Aslam Sharrif while brothers Amjad Sharif and Akram Sharif are at large.Police seized the .32 Zech Republic-made revolver. Trouble began when Aslam opposed Jamsheed for spurning latter's wife Asma, who is Aslam's sister. \"The couple has been married for four years but didn't have a child. Jamsheed harassed Asma for this and she returned to her parents home last December,\" police said.\"Aslam met Jamsheed in a prayer hall and said he wanted to talk. Jamsheed asked Aslam to drop in his house at night. Aslam, Akram and Amjad visited him around 9pm and the killing took place at midnight,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12401554", "title": "Workers to seek govt control over transport bodies", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Indian National Transport Workers' Federation has decided to urge the Centre to announce a national transport policy for all states during its working committee meeting to be held in the city on Sunday, K S Varma, general secretary of the federation said here on Saturday.\"We will raise the demand for all state transport corporations to be directly run by government departments in the respective states before the Centre in the upcoming meeting. The transport corporations should be superseded by the respective governments and they should be brought under the government department for better functioning. We will also propose to the Centre to constitute a hi-power committee that will make decision on wage of the government transport employees and the transport employees working in the private sector,\" said Varma.Rajya Sabha MP and president of Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC), G Sanjeeva Reddy will preside over the session to be held on Sunday. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, state transport minister Chandan Brahma and other dignitaries will also be present.President of the Assam unit of INTUC, Renuka Devi Borkotoky urged the Assam government to announce a clear cut transport policy in Assam. She said privatization of the transport sector is affecting the public transport system in the state. Borkotoky added that many drivers driving commercial vehicles do not have driving license.Khurshid Alam, general secretary of State Transport Workers' Association also emphasized on the urgent need to make the Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC) a separate government department. \"The ASTC has a lot of scope to grow. The ASTC needs to ply more buses in the service of the people. It can also rent out the unutilized lands in the ASTC campuses,\" Alam added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12398938", "title": "Protect villagers hit by clash: HC", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday directed the Virudhunagar SP to provide sufficient police protection to the villagers who were affected by clashes between two groups of a particular dalit community, as a backlash of the local body election results.Passing an interim order on a petition filed by the villagers seeking police protection for them to return to their village, Justice K K Sasidharan said the SP is directed to keep sufficient police in the village to ensure that the villagers live in a peaceful atmosphere.About 170 families of Hindu Pallar community are residing in Puliyuran village in Virudhunagar district. There is an ongoing fight between the groups led by Mariammal and Jeya who contested the recent local body elections. Mariammal was elected as panchayat president with the support of 100 families, whereas Jeya, who has the support of 70 families, was defeated.As a backlash of the poll results, one Ramachandran, stated to be a supporter of Mariammal was murdered, A case was registered and eight supporters of Jeya were arrested. Thereafter, the supporters of Mariammal, by way of retaliation, ransacked the houses of the supporters of Jeya. The crops cultivated by them were damaged. The houses were subjected to attack resulting in heavy damages. The police registered a case again and arrested 12 persons belonging to the group led by Mariammal. In this stage, one R Rajendran filed a petition seeking to provide police protection. He said a section of the villagers had to flee from the village due to clashes and living in other villages fearing attacks on them.After receiving a report from the revenue divisional officer and an advocate commissioner, Justice Sasidharan pointed out that most of the houses were found badly damaged and electricity service was disconnected. The ration cards were also destroyed. The villagers would not be in a position to purchase articles unless they are given ration cards. There are school going children also staying along with their family, unable to do the homework and study.Stating that the need of the hour is to restore the amenities, the judge directed the RDO, Arupukkottai to give temporary ration cards so as to issue the essential commodities. He also ordered the electricity board officials to restore power to the respective residences immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399378", "title": "'No cross-exam of ex-CMs on 2 Adarsh issues'", "text": "MUMBAI:With the Adarsh commission likely to conclude arguments for the interim report, it is now clear that former CMs Vilasrao Deshmukh , Sushilkumar Shinde and Ashok Chavan will not be cross-examined on two issues the panel is set to decide on. These include the issue of who owns the land and if the plot was reserved to house war widows and Kargil heroes.TOI, in its edition dated February 25, had reported that the ex-CMs will not be crossexamined on the two issues.Deshmukh and Shinde had signed the approvals for Adarsh, while the allegation against Chavan is allowing civilians to be part of the society. Their lawyers had said they would not lead evidence on both issues. The panel will decide on April 2 the date on which the former CMs will be called for cross-examination on other issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402382", "title": "Rihanna goes 'Geisha' for Coldplay video", "text": "Singer Rihanna has given fans a glimpse at the video for her duet with the band \"Coldplay\" by tweeting her pictures from the \"Geisha\" themed shoot.The singer sung with frontman Chris Martin of Coldplay for their album track \"Princess of China,\" which was released in US last month.Now the band is filming a promo for the single and Rihanna shared photographs from the set with her Twitter followers Friday.One shows Rihanna, sporting an elaborate up-do and displaying her middle finger, in a sexy black strapless dress slashed to the thigh, which she has captioned, \"Gangsta goth geisha\", reports dailystar.co.uk.Another shows a close-up of the singer's face, while a third depicts the Bajan beauty seductively blowing smoke at the camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12398688", "title": "City traders hold protest", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Demanding withdrawal of cases slapped against the president, Nakhas Kohna Sewai Vyapar Mandal, hundreds of traders took out a march from Nakhas Kohna on Saturday till the Collectorate and sat on a dharna.They later handed over a memorandum to the city magistrate drawing the attention of authorities towards the fact that president of Prayag Sewai Vyapar Mandal, Ziauddin has been falsely framed in a criminal case and process is underway to book him under the Gangster Act at the behest of a local Samajwadi Party leader.They said that the person in question enjoys a clean and non controversial reputation and he is being framed in false cases in the wake of his rivalry with a ruling party leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12400527", "title": "India offers to launch satellite for South Korea", "text": "SEOUL: Seeking to enhance ties with South Korea, India today offered to launch a satellite for Seoul and invited its businesses to invest in the country, particularly in the infrastructure sector.\"I offered to launch Korean satellite on Indian space launch vehicle,\" Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said at a joint press briefing with South Korean President Lee Myung-Bak after bilateral talks.The two leaders expressed happiness over the increase in the bilateral trade following the signing of Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement last year and set a target of achieving $40 billion trade by 2015.Singh also invited South Korean companies to invest in a big way in the infrastructure sector in India.The two sides also signed an agreement on simplifying visa procedures for the business community.Singh also sought Seoul's support for India's effort to be a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group, Australia Group and the Wassenaar ArrangementSingh said India has also decided to post a defence attache at its embassy in Seoul.The move comes in the wake of South Korea's desire to enhance defence cooperation with India.Ahead of his talks with President Lee, Singh laid a wreath at the Memorial Tower at the National Cemetery.Singh arrived here yesterday for a four-day visit to attend a Nuclear Security Summit here. The two-day summit begins tomorrow when world leaders will meet at over dinner.Tuesday would see packed sessions on the theme 'Beyond Security Towards Peace' where Singh is expected to unveil steps conceived by India to tackle challenges of nuclear terrorism", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12398751", "title": "4 more police stations soon", "text": "MANGALORE: It was a perfect Ugadi gift to the people of Surathkal. MLA J Krishna Palemar on Friday inaugurated the new police station built adjacent to Govindadasa College at Iddya along NH 66 here at a cost of Rs 48 lakh.The police station at Suratkal started functioning on June 2, 1993, in a building rented out from the City Corporation near its sub-office. Palemar laid the foundation stone for the new building constructed by the Karnataka State Police Housing Corporation on February 13, 2011.Mangalore City Police have already submitted a proposal to the government for setting up two additional traffic police stations - Mangalore North and South and equal number of regular police stations at Kaikamba and Jeppu, he said. Stating that these proposals will be cleared soon, Palemar said.The move to set up Maritime Board too has been taken keeping in mind the need to perk up security along the state's coast, he said.Admitting that there was delay on part of the state government in sending the proposal, he said clearance from the Centre is expected shortly.\"Once (the proposal is) approved, the Central Industrial Security Force will man all the 10 ports dotting the state's coast and this will enhance security there,\" he said.City police chief Seemanth Kumar Singh said the proposed police station at Jeppu will be carved out of areas coming under Mangalore South, East and Rural police stations, and at Kaikamba from areas coming under Mangalore Rural, Kavoor and Bajpe police stations. The two traffic police stations at Surathkal and Thokkottu will reduce traffic related workload on regular police stations, especially along the busy NH 66, Seemanth added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399487", "title": "Association seeks revival of state-owned sugar mills", "text": "LUCKNOW: An association of cane-growers and employees of the UP cooperatives sugar mills have urged chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to take concrete steps for revival of state owned sugar mills, which are dying a slow death. As of now, there are 23 state owned sugar mills, while five had earlier closed down.Addressing reporters after petitioning their request with the state government on Saturday, the association members demanded adequate change in the excise policy, which plays a major role in the trade. \"The excise policy formed by the previous government benefitted a few. Elaborate changes need to be made in the excise policy, so that the farmers benefit, while the mills are able to grow and expand,\" said Kailash Upadhaye, general secretary of the association.The members suggested abolishment of clauses in the excise policy that lead to monopolising the business, allowing the export of molasses to other states and issue more licenses for production of ethanol in larger interest. It may be noted that close to nine lakh families of farmers are dependent on the trade besides the employees and officer who work in these mills.The association drew the attention towards other issues that were impeding the growth of state owned sugar mills. \"In this age of technology, we are still using old methods. The department is in need of technological upgradation, so that they are able to compete with their private sector counterparts.This is in fact the only way to ensure that the cane farmer gets ample due for his crop,\" said a member Danveer Singh. He added that the private sector mills delayed procurement and crushing of cane to force farmers to sell their produce at prices lower than the standard rate. They also added that the department had fell victim to poor management on account of poor vision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12404169", "title": "Nitish Kumar urges Kapil Sibal to shed bias against Motihari", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has urged Union HRD Minister Kapil Sibal to shed \"preconceived bias\" against Motihari for setting up the proposed central university in the state and said institutes of higher education should come up in areas far from urban life.\"I implore you to decide with a positive mindset on setting up the central university at Motihari by shedding pre-conceived bias against the place for central university,\" Kumar said in a letter to Sibal on March 22.Replying to a letter written by Sibal to him on March 9, Kumar said that institutes of higher education should be located in places far away from the glitters of urban life.Besides, Motihari was chosen as a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi as he had launched his first freedom movement from the place. \"I am astonished that my plea for tribute to Gandhi is being seen as non-cooperation by the state government,\" he said.Members of the two houses of the state legislature have also unanimously passed a resolution urging the Centre to set up the university at Motihari well connected by rail and road, Kumar said.On the Centre's proposal to provide aid to the state government for setting up a state university at Motihari, the chief minister said that he had informed Sibal about the state's capacity to set up a state university there with its own resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12399524", "title": "People just loved him on stage", "text": "KOTTAYAM: \"There was a thunderous applause when he came on stage. He was glamorous, well groomed, stylish and blessed with a fine personality. I was a boy then, my father Kesavan used to work with Babychayan (Jose Prakash ) and I used to accompany the troupe during weekends. He portrayed so many characters in plays and the crowds l ove d h i m , \" said art director Sujathan while summing up actor Jose Prakash.He ran a drama company called National Theatres from Kottayam in the mid 60's , said Sujathan recollecting old memories. \"Many dramas were staged under this banner. 'Psycho' was one of them and he played the protagonist - a sub-inspector . The play was staged several times in Kottayam and Babychayan sang all the songs. He then began his film career and after that our meetings became far and few,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398672", "title": "Iraqi national detained at airport", "text": "CHENNAI: An Iraqi national, who came to the city for medical treatment, was detained at the airport for more than six hours. He was later allowed to admit himself into a private hospital at Perumbakkam.According to airport sources, Hassan Salman Khadir, 42, an engineer, is working with a firm in Abu Dhabi and had been diagnosed with lymphatic cancer.He arrived on a 4am Etihad flight and was detained by officials while he was trying to clear immigration. He had visited the city twice earlier, sources said.Immigration officials detained the ailing engineer after they received an alert from Delhi. However, no official was willing to come on record to explain the reason behind the detention.After close to nine hours, Hassan was allowed to enter the city and leave for the Global Hospital for treatment. Sources in the hospital confirmed that a person from Abu Dhabi had been admitted on Saturday, but they declined to reveal more.Immigration officials refused to come on record to explain why Hassan Salman Khadir was detained at the airport", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12398383", "title": "Doctors told to inform health department in case of swine flu cases", "text": "PANAJI: With sporadic cases of swine flu reported in Pune, the state directorate of health services (DHS) issued a circular to doctors posted at health centres to be vigilant and inform the DHS if any swine flu case comes to light in the state.Though no fresh case of swine flu has been detected recently, DHS is not taking any chances and is asking people not to panic as there is no fear of a swine flu epidemic.Nonetheless, DHS officials have asked people to be careful and to immediately consult a doctor in case of continued symptoms of the flu.The forest department had completed a week-long drive a few weeks ago to collect samples of bird droppings in the state to carry out tests for bird flu recently.\"We had taken samples for bird flu with the help of the veterinary department,\" a source said. The investigation unit at Caranzalem had taken faecal samples of migratory birds.\"Faecal samples of 198 species of birds, including migratory birds, had been taken during the drive,\" a source stated.The samples are collected routinely every year. They were later sent to Pune, but the results are not yet known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12398693", "title": "Programmatic Management of Drug Resistant TB service introduced in city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the inauguration of DOTS-plus services in the city, Allahabad district is now among the first eight districts in the state where Programmatic Management of Drug Resistant TB (PMDT) or DOTS-Plus Services have been introduced.The PMDT Diagnostic Services was inaugurated on the occasion of World TB Day by sending sputum samples for Culture and Drug Susceptibility Testing (C&DST;) to the State level RNTCP accredited C&DST; Laboratory established at CSMMU, Lucknow.In due course, MDR-TB patients will be offered Category 4 RNTCP Treatment with Second-line anti-TB Drugs. Treatment will be initiated in a special in-patient facility called the \"DOTS-Plus Site\" at SRN Hospital, MLN Medical College under the expert supervision of a panel of specialists from the Medical College.Further, the patients will be discharged to their respective DOT-Centers. The treatment duration under DOTS-Plus is for 24-27 months with daily therapy under direct observation.The inaugural ceremony was held at District TB Centre, TB Sapru Hospital and was attended by chief medical officer Dr Ramesh Kumar , district tuberculosis officer Dr OP Shahi, Head of TB &amp; chest department, MLN Medical College, Dr Tariq Mashood and Dr Ashu Pandey WHO-RNTCP Consultant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12401462", "title": "Golden mahseer set to stage comeback in state rivers", "text": "GUWAHATI: Golden mahseer, a fish which anglers across the world strive to catch, is set to make a comeback in Assam's rivers for promoting angling tourism.The Uttarakhand-based Directorate of Coldwater Fisheries Research (DCFR) is planning to start hatcheries and brood banks (pregnant fish) for repopulating the golden mahseer in Manas and Pohumara rivers. Lack of conservation has led to depletion of golden mahseers in these rivers, including the Bhorelli.The DCFR, in association with Assam Bhorelli Angling Conservation Association (ABACA), has already been running such a hatchery at Nameri for the Bhorelli river which flows down to Assam from Arunachal Pradesh where it is known as Kameng.\"We are running the hatchery for golden mahseer with ABACA at Nameri for the Bhorelli. Now, we are going to start a brood bank for the golden mahseer at Nameri. There is scope for repopulating the fish species in other high-altitude rivers of the northeast,\" said DCFR director P C Mahanta.From Saturday, the DCFR organised a two-day workshop on sustainable utilization of mountain fishery resources in the northeast. Over 100 scientists and stakeholders from NE states attended the workshop. Mahanta said the workshop will take inputs on developing high-altitude fisheries in NE for inclusion in the 12th Five Year Plan.DCFR principal scientist Debajit Sarma said another hatchery for the golden mahseer has been set up at Jasingffa in Nagaon district. \"We have also planned to start hatcheries and brood banks for Manas and Pohumara rivers. Once we release golden mahseers in these rivers, fish-based eco-tourism will get a boost,\" said Sarma.Every year, more than 500 anglers from different parts of the world gather at Nameri for golden mahseers, which contributes to the development of eco-tourism in that area. For the anglers, it has always been a great moment to get photographed with the prized catch of golden mahseer weighing more than 25 kg. ABACA executive member Atul Borgohain said in 2009-10, angling tourism at Nameri generated about Rs 34 lakh. He said ecotourism at Nameri has emerged as a major employment generation avenue in the area.\"Golden mahseers are the most sought after by anglers. This fish is preferred more than salmon by anglers. There is a tremendous potential for angling tourism in the northeast. In 2009-10, about 12080 locals were engaged in various ecotourism works, including angling, at Nameri alone. Even Meghalaya has earmarked Rs 24.43 crore to develop angling tourism in the state,\" said Borgohain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12397560", "title": "BJP wants no more tax hikes", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party-led ruling party in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) wants no more hike in any tax from municipal commissioner's budget. The party, however, feels that the existing projects should be continued.Commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal will present the first budget of new regime on March 26. He will present two budgets - revised budget of current fiscal and fresh budget for next fiscal 2012-13. The budget will be presented to the standing panel headed by Dayashankar Tiwari. Jaiswal's budget will come into effect from April 1 as it will not be possible for Tiwari to present his budget before commencement of next fiscal. Later, Jaiswal's budget will be superseded by Tiwari's budget probably in April or May.Past chairman of standing panel Sandip Joshi said, Jaiswal should concentrate on reducing administrative expenses for more development works. \"Jaiswal should plan to increase revenue by reducing expenses and not by increasing taxes. Successful projects should be continued. I had launched two projects - Nagpur Festival and Public Felicitation. Jaiswal had appreciated both the projects,\" he said.Joshi further said, the corporator's ward fund should be increased. \"I had increased the ward fund from Rs 10 lakh (each ward) to Rs 13.50 lakh in current fiscal. It should be increased to Rs 15 lakh. Similarly, the road fund should be increased from Rs 25 lakh per ward to a new amount. For example, the roads in Jail Ward are very bad and needs immediate repairing. At least funds of Rs 1.50 crore are required. Same is the case with other wards too. Therefore, the ward funds should be increased. More funds should be allocated for new gardens and playgrounds which was denied in last two fiscals,\" he said.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke said that the budget should not bring any kind of new burden on the citizens. \"Jaiswal should not propose new taxes and concentrate on increasing recovery percentage. Interest of 2% on delay payment of property tax should be suspended. Penalty clause should be implemented but not as heavy like 24% in a year. New sources of revenue should be launched. Provisions for cement roads should be increased by Rs 100 crore. Proposal to make 2,000 daily wage sanitary workers permanent should be made,\" he said.Jaiswal had presented budget of Rs1,087.83 crore for 2011-12 on February 24, 2011. The budget got delayed this year due to corporation polls. The last budget was increased considering huge rise in revenue. Jaiswal was successful in increasing revenue to a great extent in 2010-11, his first year.Due to elections, the revenue in current fiscal has taken a hit. The impact may be seen in Jaiswal's revised budget. As civic chief's budget is said to be a realistic budget as far as revenue is concerned, Jaiswal's budget may consist of new taxes as per recommendations of JNNURM to increase revenue. Probably, it may be the last budget of Jaiswal as he was promoted to secretary rank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12404901", "title": "BJP steers clear of Beant assassin controversy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: BJP, the alliance partner of Shiromani Akali Dal in Punjab, steered clear of the controversy over the hanging of Balwant Singh Rajoana, who is on death row for killing former state chief minister Beant Singh, by stating on Sunday that the party would accept whatever the law of the country decided.The party, which nationally is in favour of death sentence to terrorists, has chosen not to prefer the same for Rajoana and according to BJP insiders, has been maintaining silence for \"fear of not displeasing their alliance partner.\"BJP national vice-president Shanta Kumar , who was in Chandigarh on Sunday to attend the core committee meeting of its members, told TOI that the party was opposed to terrorism but it would follow the rule of law.\"The matter is sub-judice and whatever the court decides on Rajoana, we will respect the decision,\" said Shanta Kumar.When asked how the BJP would react if its partner SAD decided to support Rajoana or brought a resolution in the assembly, Shanta said that the party would do whatever the law allowed.The Akal Takht, Sikhs' highest temporal seat, has put the government in a fix by asking it to save Rajoana from the gallows by taking up the issue with the President.Punjab chief minister Prakash Singh Badal has not yet given his word on making efforts for saving Rajoana and all he said was that legal steps would be initiated in this direction.Rajoana is to be hanged on March 31 as per the Chandigarh district court orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398450", "title": "Keep that beer in fridge, drink water this summer", "text": "CHENNAI: It's that time of the year, when you stop by the road to grab a chilled drink. Though fluids are needed to keep you hydrated in summer, doctors say it is important to watch what you drink.Be aware of impure water in your fruit juice or butter milk, and the additional calories in the aerated drinks. While alcohol is a known dehydrating beverage, many guzzle beer during summer without knowing that it, too, can sap the water content in the body.While there is no thumb rule on how much fluid one should take, doctors and nutritionists say it is good to keep drinking water even if one doesn't feel thirsty. Clinical nutritionist Varsha advises a minimum of 200 ml of water every two hours. \"If you have to drink anything else outside, make it tender coconut water,\" she says.Drinking water in summer is essential as it compensates for the fluid lost through sweat and respiration. The more you spend in air-conditioned climes, the more you need to drink water since such rooms have dry air.Experts say half the fluid people need comes from fruits, vegetables and other solid food. The remaining can be from beverages. Too much of sweetened juice or aerated drinks will not only add to the body weight, it may also force people to cut down on essential nutrients from fruits, vegetables and solid foods during meal time. Even if they don't limit on eating, they would risk a caloric overload.\"A can of aerated beverage has at least seven spoons of sugar. Studies have shown how children put on weight with one can every day,\" said diabetologist Dr V Mohan of Madras Diabetes Research Foundation.Doctors also advice people against taking too much coffee or tea. Among adults, one of the most common causes of dehydration is beer. Though people say that beer has low alcohol content (more than 5%), it can lead to further dehydration. \"It's unwise to gulp down beer to quench thirst. It may be soothing to parched throats, but will only dehydrate a person further,\" said Varsha.Effects of dehydration can be subtle, like dryness of skin, fatigue and irritability. Dehydration can cause headache and muscle cramps in some people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12399310", "title": "Navi Mumbai auto drivers go on strike again", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: It was a shortlived relief for citizens in Navi Mumbai: within hours of withdrawing their strike, autorickshaw drivers went off roads again on Saturday over the issue of fare hike.President of Navi Mumbai Autorickshaw Federation Kasam Mulani told TOI, \"Though our union called off the strike on Friday, many auto drivers have decided to continue the strike till all their demands are met.\"On Saturday evening, over 300 auto drivers tried to block the busy Thane-Belapur Road. Police personnel had to use mild force to disperse the striking auto drivers.The bone of contention remains the reduction in minimum fare from Rs 15 to Rs 11 in Navi Mumbai. While the state transport ministry has not budged from its stand that the minimum auto fare should be fixed at Rs 11 (for a distance of 1.6 km), drivers in the region are demanding a higher tariff.Said an RTO (Thane) official , \"We have assured the striking auto drivers that all their problems will be looked into. Till then, the minimum fare would remain Rs 11. As long as the autos stay off roads, we will ply more Navi Mumbai Municipal Transport buses for the public.\"Meru Cabs drivers' stir enters Day 4The strike called by the Meru drivers' union continued for the fourth day, but the management claimed the situation was \"easing\" as around 350 cars were on roads on Saturday.This figure is less than one-fourth of Meru's actual strength. Rajesh Puri, managing director of Meru Cabs, said, \"The situation has improved compared to Friday when only 40-odd cars were on the road. Many drivers have realized that the union has nothing to lose and they are the ones suffering with consumers.\" Claiming that union members had damaged 54 vehicles, Puri said, \"We have filed police complaints.\"K K Tiwari, president of Swabhimaan Sanghatana, denied that members of his union had indulged in violence. \"The management is not interested in talking to us even though I called them up for a meeting on Saturday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12399165", "title": "Ex-mayor\u2019s sons get bail in forgery case", "text": "VARANASI: After rejection of the bail plea by the additional chief judicial magistrate (II) court, two sons of former mayor late Swaleh Ansari and one other accused in a case of forgery were granted interim bail by the district judge court on Saturday.According to district government counsel A K Singh, one Chhakaudi of Bajardiha locality under Bhelupur police station limits had moved ACJM-II court with a complaint that Javed Ansari and Naved Ansari, the two sons of former mayor, and Haji Ali Mohammed had committed fraud in purchase and sale of his land and when he raised objection, they threatened him with dire consequences.He told the court that Ansaris had made an agreement for the purchase of his land in Bajardiha locality against the payment of Rs 1 crore.Chhakaudi said that he was given Rs 10 lakh as advance but instead of going for the registry of land in their name and paying the remaining amount as per the agreement, Ansari did another agreement of some plots including his land with Mohammed against the payment of Rs 20 crore.He alleged that when he raised objection over it and said that until the cost of his land is paid and the formality of registry is completed, they can't sold his land. But instead of paying the money, they threatened him, alleged Chhakaudi.Taking note of his complaint, the ACJM-II court ordered Bhelupur police to lodge an FIR against the accused persons. As per the court's order, the police registered a case against Ansari and Mohammed under sections 419, 420, 467, 468, 471, 120B, 504 and 506 of IPC.Against this development, the accused persons took shelter of high court.As per the HC order, the hearing on their bail plea took place at ACJM-II court where the accused persons surrendered themselves on Saturday.After this, the court rejected their plea of interim bail, the plea was moved to district judge court, said Singh adding that the DJ court granted interim bail to all the accused persons and fixed March 28 as the next date for hearing in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12397924", "title": "Sealing: SC gives hope to doctors", "text": "NOIDA: The Supreme Court's suggestion to the Noida Authority to draft a scheme to allocate new plots to displaced nursing homes in the city has raised the hopes of many doctors. Although the Authority has not taken a decision on the scheme, the owners of displaced nursing homes and doctors worried that the displacement would weaken primary healthcare, say the court's suggestion has offered them a new ray of hope.Last month, the Authority had offered 72 alternative plots to the 104 bank branches displaced by the same order. Until now, it had maintained that no such scheme would be launched for nursing homes and that they would have to make their own arrangements.On December 4, 2011, the Supreme Court had asked all commercial establishments operating out of residential plots in Noida to shift out as they were violating the clauses of land use as per the Noida Master Plan. On Friday, the court also heard several petitions submitted by nursing homes and hospitals that are affected by the December 4 order.In their petitions and affidavits submitted to the court, representatives of these nursing homes said that while in February the court asked the Authxority to come up with a scheme for allotment of commercial plots to banks, no such directive was given for nursing homes and other establishments.According to officials of the Indian Medical Association, the closure of nursing homes in residential areas will not only hit primary healthcare in the city but also affect the younger generation of doctors. \"Most young doctors who wish to practise will now have to do so in rented accommodations. If the Noida Authority comes up with a scheme for us, at least the doctors who are already operating in the district can keep practising,\" said Dr KC Sood of IMA.\"If the Noida Authority offers a scheme to us, our life would be a lot easier. Otherwise, shifting out will be a very tiresome and expensive affair and ultimately the primary healthcare facilities in the city would be affected,\" said Dr Ajay Rathore, who runs a nursing home in Sector 41.Authority officials said they were studying the court order, and would draft a plan of action next week. \"We are in the process of studying the court order with our legal team and we are checking the feasibility of coming up with a scheme for nursing homes and hospitals. We will take a decision soon and announce it,\" said Anil Rajkumar, acting CEO of Noida Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398448", "title": "\u2018Congress joined hands with BJP-Sena in ZP elections\u2019", "text": "PUNE: NCP president Sharad Pawar on Saturday blamed the state Congress unit for breaking the 'coalition dharma' during the recent zilla parishad (ZP) elections. He said the Congress drifted from the power-sharing formula and tried to scuttle NCP's chances which forced his party to look for help from other parties. Pawar, however, insisted that his party was still very much interested to continue an alliance with the Congress.\"Congress is now targeting us for joining hands with BJP-Sena. But the fact is that they (Congress) have joined hands with BJP-Sena. We do not break any alliance dharma and promises, but if someone does that, be sure we will not sit quite and be silent observers,\" said Pawar in an address to newly-elected corporators in Pune on Saturday.\"NCP and Congress contested ZP elections independently without an alliance. After elections it was decided that both parties will support each other. The formula was that the party which has most number of seats will get the post of ZP president and second party gets the post of vicepresident.It was also decided that at places where NCP or Congress had a majority on its own, there was no need for power-sharing,\" said Pawar. \"But just a day before the ZP president elections this week, Congress leaders in Kolhapur announced that they will take help of other parties and not of the NCP to get a majority. NCP state president immediately informed this to Congress leadership, who preferred not to intervene.Same happened in Pune. The NCP got a majority in Pune ZP elections, but still Congress contested election against NCP's presidential candidate and supported BJPSena candidate for the vicepresident post,\" said Pawar.\"NCP leaders were highly disturbed with the Congress leaders' stand. So they played their own card. Today, the NCP has 13 ZP presidents out of 26. \" said Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12398789", "title": "Birthday bash for a doctor whose memories refuse to die away", "text": "SURAT: Well-known ophthalmologist Dr Yogesh Desai, who performed thousands of operations free of cost on poor people of south Gujarat, would have turned 50 on Sunday if he was alive.His family and friends , numbering 1,200 from across the state and abroad, have planned a birthday bash for him at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University's (VNSGU) convention hall where a cake would be cut amid lots of music and fireworks.A doctor with never-say-die attitude, Desai lost his battle to terminal pancreatic cancer in November 2011.Amita Desai, wife of Yogesh, said, \"I am not celebrating his 50th birthday but his life. Many people don't achieve as much as him even in their life span of 100 years. For us it is celebration of his work.\" Utsavi, 20, a third year medical student and Desai's eldest daughter, said, \"My dad is my hero.\"G P Mahapatra, Ahmedabad's municipal commissioner and a close friend of the late ophthalmologist, said, \"We had begun planning for this celebration three months ago. We want to spread his positive energy everywhere.\"Former director general of police, P C Pandey, said, \"This is more than a celebration. It is a traumatic and immense loss. Though he went away too soon, he left behind lots of positive energy which needs to be spread around.\"For C R Patil, Lok Sabha MP from Navsari, Desai was a friend, philosopher and guide. \"He gave so much to society that it cannot be forgotten. He was a revolutionary and lived an inspirational life. When around 15,000 tribals of Ahwa were in a danger of losing eyesight few years ago, he tirelessly performed eye surgeries, giving them a new lease of life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12401691", "title": "AU venture to conserve and research on wildlife", "text": "SILCHAR: Assam University (AU), Silchar has started a centre dedicated to wildlife conservation and research named Assam University Centre for Wildlife Research and Conservation - a maiden initiative by any university in the northeast.The centre was inaugurated on Saturday by AU vice-chancellor Tapodhir Bhattacharjee.M Al-Amin, director of the Institute of Forestry and Environmental Sciences, Chittagong University, Bangladesh and Atiqur Rahman, former dean, School of Biological Sciences at the same varsity, were the guests of honour at the event. The inaugural ceremony was presided over by the pro vice-chancellor of Assam University, G D Sharma.\"I hope the establishment of the centre would help begin a new chapter in the field of wildlife research and conservation in entire southern Assam,\" vice-chancellor Bhattacharjee said .Amin offered all required future cooperation from Chittagong University in the centre's work. Rahman said the progress AU has made within the short period since it was established is really enviable.Pro VC Sharma said he hoped that the range of activities of the centre would expand soon in active collaboration with the Wildlife Trust of India. He informed that this is the only such centre in the northeast. The objectives of the centre were explained by the coordinator Indu Sharma.Sources said AU has already undertaken collaborative research activities with universities in Bangladesh - including Jagannath University in Dhaka and Shahjalal University of Science and Technology in Sylhet - on wildlife research and conservation.I hope theestablishment of the centre will help begin a new chapter in the field of wildlife research and conservation in southern AssamTapodhir Bhattacharjee | au vice-chancellor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12398279", "title": "PMCH junior docs call off strike", "text": "PATNA: Junior doctors of Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH), who went on strike on Friday after a clash with attendants of a patient who died at the hospital, called off their agitation on Saturday following the government's show-cause notice threatening to cancel their registration if they did not join duty.Health department principal secretary Amarjeet Sinha said, \"Show-cause notices were issued to the junior doctors as the strike called by them was completely illegal.They were trying to hold the government to ransom which was unacceptable.\"Sinha said the striking doctors had on Friday night barged into the office of the hospital superintendent and broke glass panes. A named FIR has been lodged against 18 students involved in the incident, he said, adding that the incident's video clip would be sent to guardians of these students for counselling of their wards. Monetary penalty would also be realized from them for ransacking the superintendent's office, Sinha added.Sinha said as an FIR was already lodged against the attendants who indulged in hooliganism on Friday morning and the government declaring that stern action would be taken against them, there was no reason for the junior doctors to proceed on a strike affecting the hospital functioning. He said 43 doctors were deputed from Vaishali district and Patna civil surgeon's office to PMCH for proper functioning of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12398325", "title": "Terrorism yet to be defined: Expert", "text": "PATNA:Vardhaman University law faculty head Manik Chakraborty said here on Saturday that the criminal justice system of a country cannot be successful until the criminal justice system of the world is taken into consideration. Delivering a lecture on \"Criminal justice system in India: issues and challenges\" at Patna Law College here, Chakraborty emphasized on the functional aspects of law and explained how society interacts with law.Referring to the shortcomings in the international law, he pointed out that \" terrorism\" is still to be defined and a distinction yet to be made between a terrorist and a criminal.Teachers and students of the college were present on the occasion. College principal Rakesh Verma welcomed the guests and Birendra Gupta proposed a vote of thanks. Campus placement: For the first time in the history of Patna Law College, as many as five LLB students were recruited by an international law firm \"American Tower\" through campus selection. More such law firms are likely to visit the college soon to recruit law graduates, said principal Verma.College of Arts &amp; Crafts: The three-day Bihar Diwas celebrations organized by the College of Arts and Crafts concluded here on Saturday with the distribution of prizes by Patna University vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh to the winners of various competitions. Jyoti Kumari, Rana Lok Vijay Singh and Jyotsana Kumari were awarded the first, second and third prizes respectively in a discussion on \"Expectations of teachers from students and vice versa\". Rajeev Kumar, Arun Kumar and Mamta Keshri bagged the first, second and third prizes respectively at a seminar on \"Why I am proud of being a Bihari\". Physically challenged Mamta Bharti was given a special prize.Students and faculty members of the college, including principal Atul Aditya Pandey, also took part in the centenary painting and applied their brushes on a large canvas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12404580", "title": "Tribal woman's murder : MP woman commission slams police, civil authorities", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh state Women Commission has slammed the state police for its 'gross negligence and inaction' that led to the brutal murder of a 50-year-old tribal woman, who was shot dead by an alleged rapist and three others after she refused to withdraw her complaint that her daughter, a class VIII student, was raped on February 10 in tribal dominated Betul district.\" There has been gross negligence on the part of the police and serious lapses of Betul district administration which led to the incident\", state SWC chairperson Upma Rai told TOI after a team led by her visited Hamlapur, where four men barged into a tribal Imarti Bai Dhurve's house and shot her dead on Saturday. The tribal woman was shot right in front of her family. Her daughter later told police that the four included her supposedly absconding rapist.A class VIII student, the victim's daughter was allegedly raped on February 10 after being abducted by one Rajesh Kirar and a lady, identified as Rani. Rani was arrested and produced before a court, which granted her bail. However, the family members of the accused were threatening Imrati Bai family with dire consequences, demanding they should withdraw the complaint.SWC member Jyoti Yevtikar said, \"When the victim's family was being threatened since February by the accomplice Rani's family, then a case should have been registered under section 506 of the IPC (punishment for criminal intimidation) instead of preventive action under section 107/116. Also when the victim's family filed a petition in the Collector's public hearing on March 20, the matter was referred to the police, instead of taking direct action\".SWC chairperson said the murdered woman's husband, an aged man who was present in the house when she was shot dead, alleged that his elder daughter was trafficked to Ujjain nearly six year ago and the police did not take any action in the matter despite repeated complaints.Rai said \"The rape accused Rajesh and her accomplice Rani started harassing the girl, studying in class VIII whose mother was murdered by them on Friday, since December. Like her elder sister, Rani was trying to lure her into prostitution. When the girl protested, she was forcibly taken away and raped by Rajesh on February 10 while Rani stood guard.\"She said the police should have opposed the bail that was given to Rani on February 29 keeping in mind the history of trafficking allegations of the elder daughter by the family. Had the bail been rejected things would not have come to such a pass.\"The team comprising of Chairperson Upma Rai and member Jyoti Yevtikar spoke to the SP, investigating officer, Collector and the victim's family on Sunday. No arrests have been made so far in connection with the murder, according to the SWC team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12399571", "title": "'We should formulate our own political thought'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: \"Defining secularism has become difficult in a state like Kerala,\" said Rajan Harshe, former vice-chancellor of Allahabad University. He was inaugurating the 'Association of Political Scientists-Kerala' here on Saturday. The association comprises academicians, scholars and students who are post-graduates in political science, public administration, international relations and area studies.Harshe said the questions 'What is a state/nation?' were always been debatable. \"We should be able to formulate our own political theories and concepts rather than accept Western theories and notions for their face value,\" he said.Commenting on the nuances of the word globalization, Harshe asked, \"Could it be defined as the free flow of ideas? It is interesting to note that while Bill Gates is a face of globalization since he brought the world together through Micrsoft, Osama Bin Laden , who was the leader of an international terrorist organization Al -Qaeda, is also a face of globalization.\"\"The aim of political scientists should be to sharpen the tools for the empirical study of the public and political issues in our society,\" he added. Professor G Gopa Kumar delivered the presidential address. MP A Sampath and MLA K Muraleedharan spoke. Earlier, G Gopakumar was elected as the president and Josekutty C A as the general secretary of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399473", "title": "18 UP B-schools to wind up operations Isha Jain", "text": "LUCKNOW: Faculty shortage, lack of students, substandard curriculum and poor infrastructure has forced as many as 18 B-schools in Uttar Pradesh to close shop. As per All-India Council of Technical Education (AICTE), 130 B-schools across the country have applied to wind up. Out of this, 36 business schools are from Andhra Pradesh, 25 from Rajasthan and 18 from UP.Confirming the development, secretary, technical education, UP, Sanjay Prasad said: \"The technical university has forwarded us quite a number of applications received from various colleges for closure. We are in the process of giving them a noobjection certificate so that the council can de-affiliate them.'' Sample this. The total number of management colleges (affiliated to GBTU and Mahamaya Technical University, MTU) in UP as of now are 421. The figure five years back stood at 139. In 2005-06, UP was home only to 93 management institutions.As per the figures obtained from State Entrance Examination (SEE) for Master of Business Administration (MBA)-2011, merely 4,373 students took admissions in various management colleges as against 32,228 seats. This roughly stands at 13% students who took admission in B-schools in UP. As per AICTE, the total number of approved MBA institutions is 459, the difference of 38 indicates institutes being run by private owners.Though all these institutes (that are expected to close shop) will continue to operate for the existing batches, no fresh admissions will be done. \"In the past five years, management colleges have seen a mushroom growth. In fact, the supply has outstripped demand. Lack of trained teachers and poor infrastructure has led to poor growth,'' said Prof V K Singh, pro vice-chancellor, Gautam Buddh Technical University (GBTU).Experts believe that while many B-schools are unable to fill their seats, others have failed to meet the AICTE criteria. \"Many management institutions have failed to attract students as they are situated in rural areas and have contact with the industry. Hence, they were bound to close,'' said a technical university official.India has nearly 4,000 B-schools with a capacity of 3.5 lakh seats. Each year, around 60-70 institutes get added to the list. AICTE, which prescribes norms for faculty and approval of establishment of new institutes, had received closure requests from 40 B-schools last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12405177", "title": "Balwant Singh Rajoana execution: Prison returns death warrant, BJP steers clear of row", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The BJP today steered clear of the controversy surrounding death row convict Balwant Singh Rajoana saying the matter was sub judice even as the Patiala Central Jail returned his death warrant for the second time in less than a week.\"It is for the courts to decide and nobody has a right to to interfere,\" Punjab BJP chief Ashwani Sharma told reporters here.He was responding to a question on what would be his party's stand if its ally Shiromani Akali Dal decides to take steps to save Rajoana, a convict in former chief minister Beant Singh's assassination, from gallows.\"The BJP's stand on terrorism is very clear. We oppose it in any form. Moreover, this issue is for the courts to see and the law will take its course,\" he said.The ruling SAD in Punjab is also treading cautiously on the matter with its patriarch and chief minister Parkash Singh Badal saying all possible legal steps would be initiated pertaining to Rajoana's case.\"My government has been taking advice from legal experts. All possible legal steps will be initiated pertaining to Rajoana's case,\" he had said.The Sikh clergy has also directed him and SGPC head Avtar Singh Makkar to make efforts to avert the hanging of the condemned prisoner.Patiala jail superintendent Lakhwinder Singh Jakhar had returned the warrant for execution of Rojana, a Babbar Khalsa terrorist, last evening.In a missive to additional sessions judge Shalini Singh Nagpal (Chandigarh), he said there were legal infirmities in the procedure followed and that the state of Punjab had no territorial jurisdiction in the matter.Earlier this week also, the Patiala jail superintendent had returned the warrant of execution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397566", "title": "City gears up for Earth Hour with cycle rally", "text": "NEW DELHI: Earth Hour will be observed on March 31 this year and the city started the run-up to the event with an 'Earth Hour 2012 Cyclothon' on Saturday.Over 100 cyclists collected in the morning and cycled 8km from WWF-India along Lodhi Road. Several more participated in the event as volunteers who stood along the way holding placards announcing Earth Hour.On March 31, Delhi will join more than 5,000 cities across the globe to switch off lights between 8.30pm and 9.30pm local time as a symbolic gesture of saving the planet from climate change. Cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar is the face of this year's Earth Hour in India. WWF officials said that in 2011, a record 1.8 billion individuals across more than 5,200 cities in 135 countries participated worldwide by switching off lights. In India, Earth Hour was observed in more than 130 cities, small towns and villages.This year for the first time, Earth Hour will be extend to the International Space Station where astronaut Andre Kuipers will oberve Earth Hour through his space station and share photos and live commentary of his experience via the European Space Agency .\"Whichever city receives maximum participation from its citizens, organizations and the government will be declared the Earth Hour Champion. Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Kolkata are participating in the race to become the Earth Hour Champion and more are welcome to join,\" said a WWF official.Ravi Singh , CEO, WWF-India, said, \"Every year we aim to take Earth Hour to a new level and inculcate a sense of belonging and ownership among people towards their planet. Earth Hour 2012 aims to encourage cities to collectively shift towards sustainable development and citizens to reduce the growing environmental impact of our urban lifestyles. Adopting cycling as a way of commuting is a step in the direction of a sustainable way of living.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397783", "title": "Did Hindu radicals hire Muslims for Malegaon blast?", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fresh twist appears likely in the 2006 Malegaon blast investigations as the NIA (National Investigation Agency), now investigating the case, is beginning to suspect that Hindu fundamentalists might have used Muslim hands to execute the blast.While a claim to the effect that Hindutva radicals behind the terrorist attack may have used Muslim hirelings was made by Swami Aseemand, inputs gathered by investigators appears to have led the agency to wonder whether what appeared to be an outlandish theory has some basis.Four bombs exploded on September 8, 2006 in the powerloom township of Malegaon in Maharashtra's Nashik district. The blasts claimed 37 lives and injured over a 100 people.The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS), which investigated the case arrested nine Muslim men with alleged SIMI links, and had filed a 2,200 page chargesheet against them on December 22, 2006.The case was later transferred to the CBI which subsequently more or less replicated the chargesheet of the state police, holding the jailed persons responsible for the alleged blast.The arrests of Hindutva radicals in other terror cases where Muslims were the target upended the version of ATS, especially after Aseemanand \"confessed\" to his NIA interrogators that the attack was carried out by Abhivan Bharat as part of their plot to avenge the series of jehadi terror attacks aimed against Hindus. In November 2011, the accused were released on bail, with the government veering around to the view that they were innocent and victims of inept investigation. Prosecution did not oppose bail petitions.The Centre transferred the Malegaon blast case to the NIA last year in the wake of Aseemanand's confession.Although the accused, a Hindutva extremist engaged in opposing missionaries in Gujarat and elsewhere, has since retracted his \"confession\", inputs gathered by the investigators suggest that Swami's claim could not be just a red herring. \"Aseemanand had confessed before a magistrate not once but twice that the group had been using Muslim hands for attacks. We are actively pursuing this line of investigation,\" said a senior official.Importantly, ATS stands by its chargesheet, later endorsed by the CBI, against the accused who are now on bail. It had based its charge on the forensic evidence against Shabbir Batterywala. The ATS charge sheet mentions that the traces of RDX found at the blast spot had matched the traces of explosives found in the soil samples from Batterywala's godown in Malegaon.Although NIA is not similarly sure about the \"Muslim hand\" theory, it believes that the demography of Muslim dominated Malegaon town would have made it difficult for a Hindu, that too one from outside, to plant a bomb near a mosque. \"It is also a communally sensitive town. It is possible that Muslim mercenaries may have been used to plant the bomb to avoid suspicion,\" another NIA official said.Aseemanand had made a mention of Muslim hands being used in the blasts while talking about Ajmer blast. He said: \"Sunil (Joshi) told me that the blast in Ajmer (Ajmer Sharif dargah) had been conducted by his men. He told me that he was also there. I asked him who all were there with him. He told me there were two Muslim boys with him. When I asked him where he got Muslim boys from, he said they were sent to him by (RSS leader) Indresh Kumar.\"The 2006 Malegaon case has had many twists and turns. A day before Maharashtra ATS filed its chargesheet in the case the state government transferred the case to CBI. The agency in its charge sheet seconded the findings of the ATS. However, after Aseemanand's confession, the case was reopened by CBI. In a matter of months, the case was again sent to NIA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12400775", "title": "Private students can write exams at unaided colleges", "text": "BHOPAL: Waking up to the problem of space crunch, Barkatullah University has decided to let private colleges conduct exams for private students.This way, fifteen more examination centres would be added to the existing list of 65 centre taking the overall number to 80 under the university. It would facilitate the smooth conduct of the exam as more than 30,000 private students appear for semester exams every year, creating space shortage at the existing centers.The government and government-aided colleges were allowed to conduct the exam. The decision would be implemented from the next semester. In all, 365 colleges in 8 districts come under the jurisdiction of BU.When contacted, BU registrar Sanjay Tiwari confirmed that the university has decided to increase the number of centers from next semester.\"We have been receiving complaints from colleges that they are facing problems in conducting exams owing to space crunch,\" Tiwari said.Asked about the criterion for selecting the private colleges as exam centres, Tiwari said it would be done on the basis of the merit and the facilities provided. \"Private colleges having good reputation will be allowed to hold examinations. We will follow rules vigourously when it comes to selecting centres,\" Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12400846", "title": "Full lowdown on 600 criminals in the works", "text": "BHOPAL: Learning from an alleged intelligence failure in the Shehla Masood murder case, Bhopal police is learnt to have decided to maintain detailed profile of more than 600 criminals of the district. Records of around 180 offenders have already been updated in the first phase, if sources are to be believed. And the next phase of the under wraps exercise, will start soon, sources maintain.The reported involvement of Saqib Ali 'Danger', who allegedly arranged sharp-shooters from Kanpur to execute the killing of the RTI activists and the cops' cluelessness about his alleged role came as a rude shock to the law enforcing agency. He was freely roaming after the crime was committed.Now, the district police have made up mind to have an access to profile of criminals and history-sheeters from Bhopal at a click of the mouse. The police will update records of criminals and habitual offenders in a pen drive and distribute it to all the police stations, sources maintained.Till now, every police station has a separate list of offenders and has their sketch or photographs pasted on notice boards. It is a crime prevention tool. When police collect information for profiling a criminal, he gets cautious knowing that he is being watched,\" said additional SP Rajesh Mishra.Widening the ambit, there would be a lowdown on habitual offenders' family, his activities, phone numbers and email ID. All these things would be uploaded in pen drives and circulated to all 40 police stations of the city.\"The officials do not rule out resorting to monitoring of calls of major offenders,\" sources claimed.\"The database of the criminals being generated by the city police will be a big help during investigations,\" sources maintained. More than 600 habitual offenders would be kept under surveillance. The exercise of updating profiles would be carried out in three phases, sources pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12400633", "title": "I have to prove myself each day: Dev", "text": "He is a man of 'steel', there's no doubt about it. Dev tells TOI what it takes to steal the show and seal the deal...One of the most sought-after stars in Bengal for brand endorsement. How does it feel?(Laughs) Is that so? It feels great. I am proud that people who used to sign national stars are also roping in local stars now. That gives me so much of pride! But then, there are others who will still criticize this and ask why Bollywood stars aren't being used. But times are changing in Bengal. National companies that have taken Bolly stars on board are calling up to figure out how to get us on board!You are endorsing the same liquor brand as SRK...Amaar jonne khub chaap seta! But at the same time, it's a good feeling. Endorsing the same brand as SRK in our state is quite unnerving, as he has a huge fan following! So, the fear of getting overshadowed is always there. Of course, people shouldn't say, \"SRK-er pashe Dev ke manachchhe na ei product-er ad ta te.\" I also endorse a shampoo that has Kareena on board, so it's not an easy job.So, there's a fear factor at play...Sarakhon-i toh bhoye thaki. From the moment I wake up, the only thing playing on my mind is, \"I have to be better than yesterday.\" The audience shouldn't forget Dev, that's what bothers me 24x7.How many films and endorsement offers do you get in a day?(Laughs) Not a single one! Last year, I had just two releases and this year, too I guess I might be having two releases, \" Paglu 2\" and one more film. I feel no one is interested to sign Dev anymore!That's being modest. You seem to work on your looks a lot nowadays...I do so consciously so that I don't look repetitive. Earlier, I would only bother about my hair, but now I work on my overall body language. I try and go for an image makeover with each film and endorsement.Are you part of Raja Chanda's next, which is an action film?Yes. It will be a hard-core action film where the audience will see me in a different avatar. I had an eye operation recently and I missed quite a few days in the gym. I'm making up for that now and spending my free time in the gym.The buzz is you were supposed to do Parambrata's role in \" Kahaani\"....No comments! (After a pause) Ask Sujoy Ghosh. Kudos to him for making such a brilliant film.Is \"Khoka 420\" a triangular love story starring Dev, Srabanti and Subhashree?I have also heard so, but I can't say for sure as I'm yet to read the script.What happened to Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury's film?I am in talks with Tonyda. I have seen so many ups and downs early in my career that I don't like to comment unless things are in black and white. But directors who make parallel films are approaching me for their projects, so that gives me a high.Some directors here feel that commercial films have reached a saturation point...That's not fair. Commercial films and parallel films are doing good business. Fight sequences, foreign locales, great dance still draw the crowds and it's wrong to say that these don't work any more. Ami bhalo bole onyora kharap - I hate this kind of attitude.How is life after \" Khokababu\", your last release?After every film, it's a start from scratch - and I have to prove myself again with \"Paglu 2\". But \"Khokababu\" has taught me a lot as I got to know what the film business is all about. I am a bit tense about \"Paglu 2\" as \"Paglu\" was the biggest hit of last year. Sequels don't usually do as well as the originals - \"Dhoom\" was better than \"Dhoom 2\", \"Don\" did more business than \"Don 2\". We are taking a huge risk with \"Paglu 2\". But all of us - Rane ( Nispal Singh), Koel, Sujitda (Mondal), Tota (Roy Chowdhury), Rimjhim Mitra and I - are putting in our best efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12399160", "title": "5 teachers, 2 colleges face music", "text": "BANGALORE: You have heard of teachers taking classes for students from prescribed texts. But five lecturers not only bought second-year PU question papers; they even asked their students to attend full-fledged classes on the question papers!The department of pre-university education suspended these lecturers after investigations revealed that they conducted classes.The lecturers have been identified as N Munikrishnappa, physics lecturer, and Manjunath A, biology lecturer at Government PU College, Kolar; Obedullah, commerce lecturer at Government PU College, Chintamani Shrinivasappa, biology lecturer at Government PU College, Srinivasapura; and Manjunath Reddy K M, biology lecturer at Government PU College for Girls, Srinivasapura. On Thursday, the department had suspended 14 lecturers who were found distributing question papers among students.Sahyadiri PU College, Kolar, and Vijaya PU College, Chintamani, have been recommended for de-recognition for their alleged involvement in the question paper leak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12401060", "title": "No structured meeting between Singh and Gilani in Seoul: Pakistan's envoy to South Korea", "text": "SEOUL: No structured meeting has been planned between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his Pakistani counterpart on the sidelines of the Nuclear Security Summit, Pakistan's envoy to South Korea said.\"No structured meeting is planned, but a pull aside is always possible,\" Pakistani ambassador Shaukat Mukadam told reporters here.\"There are possibilities....there are various places to meet, they could meet in leaders' lounge,\" he said.Pakistan PM Yousuf Raza Gilani is scheduled to arrive here today to attend the Summit and some reports earlier suggested that he could meet Singh.Sources in the Pakistan government had said that Indian and Pakistani officials are in touch about arranging a meeting between Gilani and Singh.However, Indian diplomatic sources said that the meeting of Singh and Gilani has not been scheduled yet.The summit in Seoul is a follow-up to the Nuclear Security Summit held in Washington in April 2010.The summit is expected to be attended by 45 heads of state or governments, including US President Barack Obama , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Chinese President Hu Jintao .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12401653", "title": "Uncertainty over Dhaka-Agartala optical fibre link", "text": "AGARTALA: Optical fibre cable (OFC) connectivity between Tripura and the rest of the country via Dhaka may never see the light of day with the ministry of telecom suspending the proposed project in Agartala-Dhaka and Sabroom-Coxbazar, BSNL chairman and managing director R K Upadhayaya said on Saturday.Though BSNL has a sub-marine cable asset with Sri Lanka and European countries (Europe India Gateway) and stable connectivity with Pakistan, Nepal, Bhutan and Myanmar, the Bangladesh deal has been unresolved over two years even though OFC has been laid between Kolkata and Dhaka, he said.Referring to poor connectivity in northeastern states, Upadhayaya informed that they were prepared to procure 15 million telecom equipment to augment BSNL's service, the company could not buy any equipment for certain reasons. He also claimed that despite the odds, BSNL had been able to retain 60% of it's subscriber base in the region and was hoping to capture 30% of the GSM market this year.He also pointed out that with the implementation of a new telecom policy in April, BSNL would benefit from expansion of telecom network across rural India. He said: \"The government has taken National Optical Fibre Network (NOFN) for broadband connectivity to 2,500 panchayats in India and allocated Rs 20,000 crore for the project.\"NFON is expected to help the government minimize the digital divide and implement various e-governance initiatives such as e-health, e-banking and e-education, thereby facilitating inclusive growth. Referring to the new telecom policy, Upadhayaya said it would facilitate de-link licenses from spectrum and increase the tenure of mobile permits to 10 years when they come up for renewal. The policy also aims to besides introduce a stronger customer grievance redressal mechanism, recognize telecom as an infrastructure sector, thereby giving it tax concessions, and extend preferential status to 'Made in India' hardware.The government has takenNational Optical Fibre Network for broadbandconnectivity to 2,500 panchayats in India and allocated Rs 20,000 crore for the project", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12392913", "title": "Shaktimaan in 3D soon", "text": "India's superhero, Shaktimaan, which created a sensation years back on the telly is all set to be given the 3D avatar.Confirming the news, Mukesh Khanna who played the superhero, says, \"Shaktimaan was India's first super hero...not Krissh or Ra.One or G.One! So, we are working on a 3D avatar for a film on our very own desi superhero! Hopefully, it'll be done fast and we can release it soon enough.\" Speaking about films, the actor says, \"Now, I want to concentrate only on films. I don't want to be on TV anymore, as it has nothing exciting to offer. Before Mahabharat happened I was doing films, but the epic serial changed my life and career course completely. However, now after spending some years on the telly, I'd like to go back to films. The only hitch is that I don't like to do negative and weak roles. All these rape and nonsense type of villainous things I cannot do. So, I will wait till I get some positive roles, which are strong in character too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399419", "title": "Senior citizen falls into pit &amp; dies; blame game begins", "text": "It was a visit to a church on Thursdays that 65-year-old Jepamany Varghese started a few months ago after his wife fell ill that proved to be fatal. Even after his wife died a month ago, Varghese did not stop the ritual of going to Rathodi Church at Marve in Malad. But last Thursday, on his way to the church, Varghese fell into a 2-ft-deep pit dug up by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) for laying water lines at around 8pm and succumbed to his injuries.Family members and a few eyewitnesses alleged that the authorities were lackadaisical in putting up markers to show the presence of a pit that led to the accident and Varghese's death. Locals also alleged that last month, two children had fallen into the pit but the civic body failed to take adequate measures.The BMC, however, maintained that the area was barricaded to prevent any mishaps. \"Preliminary investigations suggest that the victim had gone to speak to the plumbers who were working at the site. As far as I know, the pit was barricaded . It also seems that the person was drunk when the incident took place. We are still looking into the matter and I have asked for a report, which will be submitted by Monday,\" said Aseem Gupta, additional municipal commissioner .A senior official from the roads department of the western suburbs even questioned the claim that Varghese's death was caused by falling into the pit. \"How is it possible that a person dies by falling into a 2-ft-deep pit,\" the official asked.But family members of Varghese dismissed the BMC officials' claims. \"It is absolutely ridiculous on the part of the administration to say that my father was drunk when the incident took place. He quit drinking years back. Rather than investigating the matter, they have started making false claims. The place wasn't even barricaded . How can they make such frivolous comments? I will certainly take action against the administration,\" said son John Varghese.The family members said Varghese had taken an autorickshaw from his residence to the church and while trying to cross the pit, he fell into it. They said he was taken to two private hospitals but was refused treatment as the hospitals did not have intensive care units. By the time he was taken to Bhagwati Hospital, the family members failed to find a pulse and said the doctors declared him dead on arrival.John said he has already filed a police complaint against the contractor responsible for the road works and will pursue the case after finishing the funeral rites in Kerala.The police have conducted a post-mortem examination and the results are awaited.Death TrapsDecember 17, 2011A 24-year-old biker was killed after he fell into a trench dug by the BMC for sewerage work at Dahisar East. He had been trapped in the cables inside a trench nearly 11-feet-deep .September 7, 2011A man fell into a large pothole in Kalamboli steel market and was run over several times during the night by the truckers, who failed to spot him lying unconscious in the dark area.January 6, 2011Pattamal Naidu fell into an open drain and died at Nityanand Nagar, Wadala. The Naidus said the 58-year-old woman had died due to the negligence of a municipal contractor who had not followed safety measures while keeping a 7-feet-deep , 4-feet-wide ditch open to construct a nullah", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398726", "title": "Outages force techies to turn early birds", "text": "CHENNAI: Vinay Pushyant, 36, a software engineer at the Cognizant Technology Solutions' branch on Old Mahabalipuram Road, who used to drop his daughter at school before leaving for work, will not be able to do so from Monday. The work timings at the branch have been advanced by an hour due to the two-hour power cuts daily. Before the outages began, Cognizant staff worked from 9am to 6pm.After the power situation in the state worsened, industries have been facing a four-hour power restriction and an additional two hour power cut from 6pm to 8pm. There are more than 50,000 employees in the Coimbatore and Chennai branches of Cognizant.As of now, Cognizant is the only company on the OMR changing its work schedule but others may follow suit. \"We manage with diesel generators but could think of changing work schedules if we start facing problems in procuring fuel for the generators,\" said an official of an IT firm.\"We will now begin work by 8am and shut down by 5pm before the power cut to ensure that our work is not affected in any way,\" said a senior Cognizant official.Pushyant, who usually started from Virugambakkam around 7.45am, says he will now have to start by 6.45am. \"Now I cannot help my wife prepare my daughter for school but I can come home early,\" he said.People like him can beat the rush hour traffic. \"At 6.45am and 5pm, there won't be many vehicles on the road,\" said S Ragunathan of Cognizant.Many industries, especially IT firms, are trying to reduce power consumption. \"In Bangalore, some firms have told staff to cut down consumption even when using the in-house gymnasium. We cannot let outages affect our output as we cater to international clients who are bothered about deadlines,\" said the official.A senior government official said IT companies should go green soon. \"It is our duty to provide them power. But considering the situation, they can try to meet some of their power needs by going green like using solar power ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12398985", "title": "Deal sealed near mango grove", "text": "BANGALORE: The conspirators who leaked the crucial II PU question papers sealed the deal in secret, near a shady mango grove, 25km from Kolar.Ashwathanarayana Gowda, who was arrested on Thursday, the day the Physics question paper was leaked, revealed to police that the initial price for the Maths question paper was Rs 1 lakh, but after some hard bargaining, the deal was settled at Rs 40,000.Police are on the lookout for Ajay Kumar, a realtor who masterminded the paper leak that forced the PU department to reschedule 15 examinations, and threw the academic schedule out of gear for over 5 lakh students.The city police have not ruled out the involvement of PU department officials in the entire leakage drama.\"But we cannot say it with conviction, unless we complete investigations. We are on a hunt for the prime suspects, Shashikala and Ajay Kumar.\" While Shashikala is a resident of Katriguppe in Bangalore and a faculty in a private college, Ajay, a realtor, is from Annangur in Sidlaghatta.Police officers say investigations will not proceed till either Shashikala or Ajay Kumar is arrested.\"According to Ashwathanarayana Gowda, it was Ajay who sold the Biology question paper for Rs 40,000 on March 14. The question paper and money were exchanged near a mango grove on Chintamani Road, close to Kolar.\"\"Ajay told me he would return the entire money if even a single question was different. The next day, we found it was ditto: every question tallied with the paper we got from him.Ajay again contacted me, saying he would sell the Maths paper for Rs 1 lakh. However, after much bargaining, he agreed to sell it for Rs 40,000,\" Ashwathanarayana told police.Shashikala met gang on March 15Investigating authorities said Shashikala refused to meet Ranjith and Ashwathanarayana after the media highlighted the paper leak issue.\"First, Shashikala met the accused trio near Gandhi statue on Race Course Road on March 15. But what happened there, whether she sold the papers or purchased them, we have to investigate,\" they said.Again, the gang planned to meet near Hotel Sindhu in Palace Guttahalli on March 22. However, the meeting did not take place as Shashikala did not turn up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12397980", "title": "Condolence meet held for IPS officer killed in MP", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A condolence meet was organized at Vashi by the Aligarh Muslim University Alumni Association of Maharashtra (AMU - AAM) for slain IPS officer, Narendra Kumar Singh, on Saturday.The alumni president, Tanweer Alam, told the gathering that they have decided to observe March 8- the day Kumar was killed in Morena, Madhya Pradesh , allegedly by the mining mafia-as Shaheed Narendra Diwas to highlight corruption in the country. \"Late Narendra Kumar was a dashing student of Aligarh Muslim University, where he did his MA in Economics,\" said Alam. Another alumnus, Parwaiz Khan, said, \"Once the citizens' voice is heard, we can tackle the mafia which has the audacity to kill even senior police officers.\"The alumni members will raise a fund for the parents of the slain IPS officer. Social activist Asghar Ali Engineer also sent a letter of support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12397729", "title": "With summer here, city seems to switch to lighter alcohol", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon is all set to give Bangalore a tough competition to become the beer hub of India. Adding to the list of already existing microbreweries in the city is the newly launched The Beer Cafe, India's first \"Pour-Your-Own-Beer (PYOB)\" chain offering consumers 50 wildest varieties of beers from across the world.The cafe, located at Ambience Mall, brings in a plethora of novelties for the city's beer connoisseurs. All you need to do is enter the joint and pour your own ice-cold chilled beer directly from taps using your own radio-frequency identification (RFID) activated \"beer card\" valid across India.\"I want to be like Starbucks of beer in India. Unlike pubs and breweries which have a destination, we are a cafe that means people can come, enjoy a beer and go all day round,\" said Rahul Singh, founder and managing director of the cafe, which was launched on March 17 with a 12-hour beer marathon.\"We have a beer for every week of the year,\" he added. Besides a variety of European beers, Asian Laghers, Australia's Victoria Bitter or Mexico's range of Corona Beers, the cafe boasts of a variety of Belgian beers like Stella Artois, Hoegaarden, the original Belgian wheat beer, or abbey beers like Leffe Blonde, Erdinger, one of the best known German beers, and Chimay, the world's best known trappist beer.As Gurgaon is turning into a pub city, many entrepreneurs are chipping in their money creatively to lick the froth. There are seven microbreweries operating in Gurgaon at present and a few more are planning to open. Haryana is the first Indian state to have opened its doors to brewpubs, courtesy its new excise policy that allows microbreweries to operate for an additional annual licence fee.Singh says Gurgaon is all set to be the next beer capital of India with increasing number of beer connoisseurs in the city. \"Seventy five per cent of people who visit our pub prefer beer to hard drinks,\" said Hemant Nautiyal, general manager of Striker pub &amp; Brewery in Sector 43.According to Singh, a major factor fuelling the beer culture in Gurgaon is the fact that corporates and youngsters in Gurgaon do not want to get drunk but relax after consuming alcohol.\"Beer is not hard liquor; it is a community drink to be enjoyed with friends or colleagues after work or otherwise. It's a lighter drink with an alcohol content of not more than 6-7% in strong beers and 2-4% in lighter beers. So one can have two litres of beer and still get drunk,\" he explained.Youngsters also agree with Singh. \"After a hard day's work, I don't want to be drunk but at the same time I want to de-stress and relax, and my way of doing so is having a quick beer with a colleague or sometimes even alone,\" said Varun Joshi, working at an MNC in Gurgaon.Interestingly, Singh has something to offer for beer lovers who find it difficult to spend money on liquor at the month end.\"One can buy beer bonds. Say when you have enough money at the beginning of the month, you can buy beer bonds and enjoy a drink without having to spend when you are broke,\" said Singh. With a huge potential that the city holds for beer business, expansion plans are already on Singh's mind.\"I will soon be opening two more such beer cafes in the city, one at Cyber Greens and the other at Sohna Road,\" he said.According to Jaswindar S Parmar, senior manager of Rockman's Beer Island in Ambience Mall, people in and around Gurgaon were earlier not aware of fresh beer but now have gradually started to understand it. \"Looking at the sales last year, we realized that beer is no longer just for summers, people enjoy it equally in winters,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12397795", "title": "Parimal Trivedi seeks voluntary retirement scheme", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi has finally decided to hang his boots! After facing a windfall of controversies and a police case recently, Trivedi has shot off a letter to the education department seeking an early VRS. Trivedi has eight years of service left. His term as vice chancellor will get over by June end this year.Sources claim that Trivedi was serving as a physics professor in MG Science college when he was given the top job as a pro vice-chancellor of GU in 2005 and then the VC the following year. After his term as VC ends in June this year Trivedi will have to go back to MG science college and report to the college principal and take assignments from the Physics department dean. To avoid this, Trivedi has opted for a VRS and has applied for a pension pay scale of a vice chancellor.\"If Trivedi chooses to retire eight years later from MG Science he will get a pension based on the pay scale of a professor and not as a vice chancellor. The other major reason for Trivedi seeking VRS is because the police case will not become a reason for the education department to deny him a pension,\" says a senior officer of education department.However, education department sources have pointed out a serious flaw in Trivedi's VRS request. \"Trivedi has to ideally send his VRS application to MG Science college principal for approval, who would then forward it to the education department.Trivedi has skipped this process and has directly sent his VRS application to the department. He already has 25 years of service and is eleigible for full pension, but unfortunately the department cannot locate his service records and is available with college,\" adds this official.Principal secretary education Hasmukh Adhia told TOI, \"We have received Trivedi's VRS application and his request is under process. We would not comment at this stage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12400903", "title": "Stay focused on future farm needs: Expert", "text": "INDORE: Noted agriculture scientist MS Swaminathan has said that the research works being conducted in the field of agriculture should be based on the future problems like water scarcity and changing climatic conditions.Addressing a select gathering at the platinum jubilee celebration of IARI's Indore regional station, which is also known as Wheat Research Institute, on Saturday, Swaminathan said that scientists must be aware of water availability and climatic conditions, before conducting their researches in the field.\"You first foresee the problem that you're going to face in future and work accordingly,\" he said. Keeping in view the problems like global warming and water scarcity, the researchers should work towards developing heat and drought resistant besides water-efficient agri varieties, hesaid . He stressed that the farmers' role should be participatory. He said that climatic condition was changing day by day and it posed a severe challenge to the agriculture sector in the country.Praising the efforts being made by the regional station, Swaminathan said that the credit for making MP wheat popular in the entire country goes to the research centre. He advised that the Indore station of IARI could be developed as centre of excellence for durum research.Talking about minimum water utilization by farmers in the country, HS Gupta, director, IARI, said that unlike Israel, where 90% of available water was getting utilised by the farmers, the mark was merely 30% when it comes to India. He exhorted that the researches being undertaken in the field of agriculture must be as per the availability of water. He suggested to encourage the farmers for using sprinkler and drip irrigation systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12397696", "title": "Shopping complex at HUDA City Centre Metro station soon", "text": "GURGAON: Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has finished the construction of the shopping complex within the HUDA City Centre Metro station and it has approached the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) for the completion certificate of the building, following which the shops can be leased out.Sources said that HUDA would soon form a team of officials to examine the site before giving their approval and issuing a completion certificate.In November 2006, the DMRC and the Haryana government entered in to an agreement to build this shopping complex and HUDA provided the 36,000-sq-metre land in December the same year for the construction of a Metro station that will house the mall.According to the HUDA officials, the station building was supposed to have a parking area in the basement and some floors were dedicated for the shopping complex.It was also planned that a cafeteria would be built on the sixth floor of the complex.The HUDA City Centre Metro station is being developed as a mall using eco-friendly technology. The six-floor building will have a green rating from Integrated Habitat Assessment (GRIHA) certification. The Metro station was opened in July 2010 while the mall portion was still under construction.As per earlier plans, the building was to be handed over to a private developer who was supposed to install a power sub-station with 5MW capacity. The DMRC decided to retain control and lease out portions to individual retailers and firms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12399490", "title": "Witch hospital in state of health horrors", "text": "MALDA: When Bengal's child and welfare minister Sabitri Mitra visited Malda district hospital on January 22 this year after a spate of crib deaths, what she saw prompted her to utter in despair , \"only God can help us.\" Not far from where the minister expressed her helplessness, healthcare has indeed been left to divine intervention.Salomi Tudu, a 'jaanguru' or witch doctor, runs her 'superspeciality hospital-cum-mental asylum' in a tribal-dominated region under Malda police station , barely 2km from the block administrative office. Her diagnosis happens in dreams, the prescriptions are a mix of superstition and prayers, and the medicines a concoction of charms and potions.Yet, she boasts 19 patients and claims hundreds pour in from various parts of north Bengal to keep her in business, a comment on the state of healthcare in Bengal, particularly in rural and backward areas, and the magnitude of the challenge before the government.In tribal-dominated areas of Dinajpur and Malda, local residents say a witch doctor is often easier to find than a doctor. But Tudu's , perhaps, is the first instance of a witch doctor trying to institutionalize her craft by setting up shop. The 'hospital' , in reality a large shack with a makeshift roof and walls covered with tarpaulin sheets, came to light recently when a snake-bite victim admitted there was taken to hospital in a critical condition. Police said it has been operating out of the shack in a place called Jharpukhuria for about six months. \"We cannot arrest her as no one has lodged a complaint,\" said SI Bapan Biswas. Officials said the administration could do little in areas where literacy levels are appallingly low and witch doctors like Tudu are seen as the healers of every conceivable ailment.Tudu doesn't hesitate to flaunt her 'supernatural powers' when reporters approach her. \"Everyone will be cured by the blessings of god, who gives me the prescription in a dream,\" she asserts. Dulen Roy, the BDO, said, \"This cannot go on. I must look into it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12398117", "title": "Varsity raw deal for MEd students", "text": "MUMBAI: There are rights and then there are rules. But at times, honouring a rule can snatch away a right. That is the raw deal that the university system has ironically dealt to some of the master's students of education.Several MEd students who took their final university examination and applied for revaluation within the stipulated time have been turned down by the university which has apparently scrapped their answer booklets.For 32-year-old Arti Sonawane, an MEd student of Pandit Rajpatimishra M D College, Thane, took her final university exam in May 2010; her vivas took place a year later on May 11, 2011 and finally MU declared her result on June 9, 2011. Sonawane, who did not clear in three subjects and was not happy with her scores in two other papers, applied for revaluation on June 22, 2011.Raju Bandgar's and Suryakant Panhale's cases are similar. A simple request for getting their marks revaluated has put the spotlight on how the university blindly follows a rule that takes away a student's right for revaluation. \"Although my exams took place in May 2010, the university assigned an external examiner a year later. Till then, my result was kept in the reserve as the marks scored in vivas had to be added. Once my vivas concluded, my result was out, but I was not happy with my scores,\" said Sonawane.Nine months after she and some others applied for revaluation, they have not even received a photocopy of their answer booklets.\"The university officials have told me to go to court and that my answer booklets have been scrapped,\" Sonawane said. Sandeep Kedare, executive president of Bahujan Vidyarthi Parishad, said, \"At least four students like Aarti have been left in the lurch because the university has destroyed their answer sheets.\"When contacted, in-charge controller of examinations S M Suryavanshi said that he would have to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402601", "title": "Ready for thrill?", "text": "XDL Sportbike Freestyle Championship is to stunt biking what F1 is to car racing. Mikhil Mohan of stunt biker group Ghost Ryderz, which performed in Ranchi, says auditions for XDL's 2013 championship in LA will take place for the first time in India.Here's some exciting news for all bikers across India who are ready to kick some dust. The XDL Sportbike Freestyle Championship, which was started as a test event in 2005 and is now an internationally reputed series that caters to the new audience of urban sport bike riders, will have participants from Indian bikers too. Ghost Ryderz, India's first professional motorcycle stunt riding team to be officially sponsored by a motorcycle brand which performed in Ranchi recently, has been chosen as the brand ambassador of XDL in this country. Auditions for Indian bikers to participate in XDL will take place in October.Ghost Ryderz are a team of five talented guys from Kerala who call themselves Phenom (Mikhil), Neo (Abhishek), Brutus (Srikant), Damboy (Saravana) and Dauntless (Senthil). They first shot to fame in 2009 when they were picked up to tour with a private channel for the Stuntmania auditions. Subsequently, they were again chosen for the second season of the Stuntmania Rockathon auditions in 2010. For those who came in late, XDL focuses on building strong relationships with the top athletes through the national championship.In the long run, there are plans to work with motorcycle manufacturers to develop an infrastructure of \"riding parks\" in cities across the world just the way skate parks exist today.Ask Mikhil Mohan, a member of Ghost Ryderz, about the club's association with XDL and he says, \"The championship is to freestyle stunt riding what F1 is to car racing. It happens every year in Los Angeles and this will be the first time when representatives of XDL will be coming down to India to take auditions. They will select teams that will get a chance to participate in the 2013 championship. We are extremely honoured to become the face of XDL in India. This will change the future of this sport in our country.\"Though this championship is a rage abroad, stunt riding is still considered to be a life-threatening sport in India. So, how do the members of the Ghost Ryderz's club negotiate the danger involved? We have full support from our families. That is why we have emerged as a professional stunt biker group in India. I don't even have a practice ground in Kerala. So, I have to travel to Chennai to do so. My family knows that I am doing everything in a responsible manner,\" says the biker about his bond with the mean machine.Incidentally, bike stunt is like any other sport in the European countries where they have regular championships. Things are different in India. \"Everything has its positive and negative sides. For instance, football is the game that whole world is following. What happens when people start playing it on the road? Nobody will appreciate it. Similarly bike stunt is something that is to be practiced in any abandoned place, under an eminent trainer and performed with safety gears. In our sport, the maximum speed of a bike is between 15-20 km/hr. How can any massive injury happen at such a low speed? Unfortunate incidents happen only when people break rules,\" shares Mikhil.As for their Ranchi experience, Mikhil and his gang are happy. \"People kept cheering us on throughout the performance. Unlike other places, Ranchi is a city where people wanted tips on biking immediately after the show was over. The biking craze is big here and we are overwhelmed by the response,\" he says.Meanwhile, the team has already done stunts in many South Indian movies including the Rajinikanth and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan starrer \"Robot\". So, what are their future plans? Do they want to enter into mainstream cinema? \"Right now, our main motive is to remove the negative notion that people in India have about stunt riding. A Mollywood director wanted us to act in a movie on the journey of Ghost Ryderz. But we declined since we felt that would end up messing with our image.If something praiseworthy comes up, we will definitely take the plunge. It will give the audience a fresh perspective to understand what stunt riding is all about and how we have made it where we are today,\" he insists. If nobody else comes forward, the members might make it happen themselves since they believe that anything is possible if they work together as a team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402944", "title": "Mona Kapoor always kept \u00e9clairs on her table", "text": "Boney Kapoor's first wife, Mona Kapoor, expired on Sunday. She was keeping unwell for quite some months and had been diagnosed with multiple organ cancer 10 days ago.The 48-year-old CEO of Future Studios is survived by her children Arjun and Anshula. Arjun is all set to make his Bollywood debut in \"Ishaqzaade\" opposite Parineeta Chopra.What made Mona stand out was her resilience. One of her recent tweets said: \"GM! Su prabhat! Namaskar! Jst a quck hello to everyone on twitr who is sooo concernd abt my health. I am nt all rt bt wth ths luv I wl heal!\" Even in illness, she was happy to talk about the poster of her son's debut.On March 15, she wrote: \"Phata poster nikle hero aur heroine! Arjun Kapoor @ParineetiChopra's BRAND NEW Ishaqzaade Movie Poster: http://bit.ly/zBxmhb.\" She battled her illness with positivity and the last time she tweeted was when she wrote: \"once more any1 asks hw I am I wl block them. U all knw I am in hosp n battlng stagr 3 multiple organs cancer. Kindly pray fr me. Thts all.\"On Sunday morning, Arjun and Anshula had sent out frantic messages asking for blood donors for O+ve blood for their mother who was admitted to Hinduja Hospital. Their messages were circulated on SMS so that the blood required could be organized well in time before the doctors needed it for her surgery at 9 am on Monday morning.Unfortunately, the brave lady expired on Sunday. Needless to say, the film industry is shocked at her untimely demise. The news of her death spread quickly.On her social networking site, singer-cum-actor Sophie Choudry wrote: \"I'm in shock. A truly wonderful lady. U will be missed @monakapoor3 . May ur soul R.I.P &amp; may God give strength to Arjun &amp; Anshula. #Prayers.\"Tusshar Kapoor described Mona as a \"warm person\" who always wished him well. Enterpreneur Raj Kundra wrote about losing one of his best friends. \"Mona Kapoor may her soul rest in peace. A beautiful loving, caring human! :(.\"Karan Johar , on his part, wrote: \"Mona kapoor was one of the most gracious,dignified and loving human beings i knew...she felt only positivity for one and all...RIP ma`m...\"Kamaal R Khanrecalled how he would often get into tiffs on twitter with Mona. \"Mona Kapoor ji was always fighting with me on twitter just till before few days n today she is no more. I m not able to believe it but true.\"Reacting to this news, Anupam Kher wrote: \"Is God feeling insecure? He is calling all good people. Very sad to know about Mona Kapoor's death. She was a very helpful &amp; kind lady\".Director Ken Ghosh wrote about how Kapoor always had chocolates on her table for her guests. \"Will miss Mona Kapoor smile when I shoot at Future Studio next, always had eclairs on her table for guests. R.I.P Mona Kapoor,\" tweeted Ghosh.Director Shekhar Kapur raised a more vital question about what could be the plausible reason for so many young people succumbing to cancer. \"Cancer is taking away 2 many young people. Is there something in r lifestyles? Or chemicals in food cosmetics plastics or pollution? Will always remember Mona Kapoor for her kindness and gentleness. Known her since she first met Boney Kapoor ,\" he wrote.Singer Sonu Nigam wrote: \"Mona Kapoorji passed away leaving a space permanently vacant in my heart. Till we meet again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12397660", "title": "Communities celebrate Chetichand in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: The festival of the Sindhi community, Chetichand was celebrated with a lot of zeal and a 'shobha yatra' (procession) was taken out here on Saturday. It was welcomed by not only the Sindhis but also by other communities. In the dargah area Muslim organizations offered cold drinks and water to the people participating in the procession.The main roads reverberated with 'Wah Re Sindhi Wah'. \"Special traffic arrangements have been made keeping in mind the huge turnout for the procession,\" said police officials.\"The procession started in the afternoon from the temple at Delhi Gate and passed through Ganj, Naya Bazaar, Agra Gate, Station Road, Kesar Ganj, Madar Gate, Nala Bazaar, Dargah Bazaar and came back to Delhi Gate,\" said Prabhu Logani, organizer of the programme.\"The true spirit of communal harmony could be seen here where people from all the communities participated in the Chetichand festival,\" said a few pilgrims who visited the dargah.Chetichand is an important festival in Ajmer as the city has a huge population of Sindhis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12399472", "title": "Lonely in the last days", "text": "KOLKATA: Eighty-year-old Swarnalata Chanda stares wistfully out of the window of her 'home' on NSC Bose Road. It is almost lunchtime. The day has stretched on oppressively, in silence. Now, it's finally time to chat with her roommates over food. She puts on a smile and steps out of the dormitory.\"It has been six to seven years since I was admitted here,\" she says, unwittingly using the word \"admitted\" , as if it were a hospital or prison. She has no hope for release though. \"I used to live in Belur in a flat bought by my husband. He is no more, he passed away in 1984. We used to live together - myself, my son, daughter-in-law and two granddaughters. But the flat is very small. The kids are growing up, too. I had to come here. Though my husband had purchased the flat, it's all right... I don't mind living in an old-age home now. A mother wants the best for the children, and he is my only son. I am not complaining,\" Chanda says, the glint of tears in her eyes.Most elderly people at 'Navanir' , like Swarnalata , don't complain. Not unless they face the worst kind of abuse and have to take resort to the law. Or are dragged into the legal procedure like Salt Lake's Iva Basu. Her sons moved court claiming their father had left the property to them and left nothing for their mother.Last Monday, Justice Somen Sen asked Basu what she wanted. All the elderly lady managed to say was that she wanted to live the rest of her life in dignity. Calcutta high court is yet to give the final verdict, but Justice Sen has already said that Iva Basu can stay in whichever portion of the house she wants to. The court will fix the quantum of maintenance the sons have to pay their mother.Basu and Chanda are pointers to the growing number of lonely elders. Every year, thousands of cases are reported of elderly men and women not looked after by their children. Statistics show that abuse against the elderly is also increasing. In a shocking revelation, Kolkata tops the country in cases of physical abuse of parents (44%). It busts the myth that people in the culture-conscious city live in close knit families and are very respectful to their parents.There are 2,000 cases every year in Bengal where elderly men and women lodge complaints against their children for physical abuse, on being driven out of their own homes or of being deprived of basic needs. The main tussle being property.There was a spurt in such cases around 2005-2007 . According to lawyer Uday Chatterjee, the high court had expressed serious concern on the issue. Subsequently, the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act 2007 was passed, and this empowered sub-divisional officers (SDOs) to handle such cases. The SDO was made chairperson of the tribunal of each subdivision. Since then such cases have flooded SDOs. Cases per district have increased from 60 to 70 per year to 125 to 150 since 2009. Which easily makes it an average of 2,000 cases a year.District social welfare officers say that the trend is constantly on the rise. \"It is increasing by alarming proportions. This is the situation when most elderly people are not even aware of the laws that protect them,\" said an official.Alipore SDO Tanveer Afzal says that the complainants mostly belong to the middle class. \"All that the elderly parents demand are basic dignity, food and medicine. The demands are not very high, but even these are not fulfilled by their children, and it is with great pain that they come to us,\" Afzal said. \"They have to overcome the social stigma also. Who wants to complain against their own children?\"According to the Act, the state government was asked to form tribunals in each subdivision with the powers of a civil court. If children neglect or refuse to maintain a senior citizen , the tribunal may order them to provide a monthly allowance up to Rs 10,000.South 24-Parganas district magistrate Narayan Swaroop Nigam has dealt with nearly 10 appeals a year against SDO orders to take care of elderly parents. In many instances children have left their parents and gone abroad. \"We write letters to them asking them to send maintenance, but there is always the practical difficulty of keeping the process going smoothly if their children live in other countries,\" Nigam said.It is true that property disputes are rising sharply, said lawyer Jayanta Chatterjee. Cases still end up in high court, mostly when police refuse to act. \"Just three months ago, there was a case of parents being thrown out of the house by their son due to property issues. There was police inaction, and the elderly couple had to move court,\" said lawyer Rajib Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12399604", "title": "Heritage hidden behind development", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The original looks of Market Building here, conceived when the capital city was designed by German architect Otto H Konigberger, closely resembles the view of Khandagiri from the Udayagiri caves. However, alterations in this signature building have almost hidden the original appearance. Heritage lovers say it is time to restore the lost looks.The building in Unit-II, constructed in 1948-58, has two towers: Eastern and Western. The western tower looks like Khandagiri with a temple-like top at one end. The corridors and path inside both the towers are like those in Khandagiri.The height of the first floor buildings and the approach steps are like in those caves - far less in height compared to the ground floor. The ground floor also does not have a uniform height throughout just as in the caves. \"Today, the towers are hardly noticeable with thousands of disorganized hoardings obstructing its facade. It is high time the original looks were restored,\" said Piyush Rout, co-founder of Local Governance Network, an organization promoting best practices in city management, which is campaigning for restoring the architectural originality of the building.The 16.48 sq km area, which Konigberger planned, should stick to its original architecture. In cities like Delhi, the Lutyen's Delhi, the part designed by Edwin Lutyens, has stuck to the original architecture in subsequent modifications. The city planners here should toe similar line, Rout added, pointing out that the recently developed multi-storeyed market complex by Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) adjacent to the Market Building is killing its looks.The temple city was planned for a population of 40,000. It now houses around 8.5 lakh people.Market Building is one of the very few big commercial buildings constructed during the formation of the capital, which has a touch of temple architecture. The Capital Police station, the post office adjacent to the market building and the capital high school carry similar architectural expressions.Architects said the market building and other parts of the Konigberger's planned area are very good examples of green buildings requiring minimum energy. \"The ventilations, spacing between towers and the design seem to have kept in mind the advantage of natural light and air. Besides the neighbourhood markets and schools minimise people's travel for daily needs. It's time to go back to such green concept,\" said Akshaya Kumar Beuria, chairman, The Indian Institute of Architects, Odisha chapter.Government authorities said the Market Building and other constructions in Konigberger's planned areas do remain structures of prime importance. \"The original architectures more or less remains the same in these areas though bigger efforts should be made to preserve them so that people visiting these areas are able to appreciate the architectural marvels,\" said Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) planning member Prashant Patnaik.Authorities at Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC), which is responsible for upkeep of the building, said all modifications in the structure and its vicinity were undertaken keeping in mind the original architecture. \"Care has always been taken to stick to the original architectural impression besides strictly adhering to the building norms set by BDA from time to time,\" said mayor Anant Narayan Jena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12397474", "title": "City corporation gets Rs 26 crore from Centre", "text": "NAGPUR: The cash-strapped Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) may expedite the ongoing developmental projects in the city as the Centre has sanctioned 25.82 crore under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme.But there is also a setback to the NMC as the Union has deduced 10% of the total funds sanctioned for failure to achieve reforms in 24x7 water supply's pilot project.As per letter dated March 12, issued by Union Ministry of Finance, funds of 843.43 crore have been released under JNNURM scheme. The state has got total fund of 166.14 crore of which 25.82 crore is for the city. 18.08 crore have been released for Pench-IV Project's part-I scheme under which NMC is replacing canal with pipeline from Pench Reservoir to Mahadullah Pumping Station. The remaining 7.74 crore has been released for Pench-IV Project's part-II scheme under which pipeline has been laid from Mahadullah Pumping Station to water treatment plant and Master Balance Reservoirs.Good news continued as funds of 3.12 crore have been sanctioned by the Central Sanctioning and Monitoring Committee (CSMC) of JNNURM in its 106th meeting held on March 12 in New Delhi. The funds have been sanctioned for Water Audit Projects, under which NMC had undertaken pilot project of 24x7 water supply scheme in Dharampeth Zone. 10% of total funds sanctioned for the project have been deducted following failure to achieve the reforms. It seems that the funds were deducted due to NMC's failure to reduce the water losses in the pilot project. Officials were not available for comment.As per the plan, NMC was to cover 15,000 households under pilot project by September 2009. Besides, NMC was to replace water meters of 20,000 consumers and reduce the losses to 25%. The pilot project is hit by controversies and inordinate delay. The losses were not reduced and this may have called trouble.As per data by JNNURM wing of Union Ministry of Urban Development, the NMC had got approval of projects worth 1,499.70 crore. As on March 23, Rs 354.14 crore were released by the Centre and 115.07 crore by the state. Besides, NMC has pumped in 30% of total approved cost. NMC has utilized 643.94 crore of the total funds released i.e. 79%. The percentage of funds utilized compared to approved cost is 43%.With the release of funds from central government, NMC will also get 20% of total funds from the state government. Hence, the funds will increase to 31 crore. NMC was expecting funds of Rs100crore from the central and state governments by the end of current fiscal which is eight days away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399232", "title": "Citizens walk for better nutrition for moms, babies", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens turned up in large numbers at Nariman Point's NCPA complex on Saturday morning to participate in the 1000 Steps walk to underline the importance of nutrition for mothers and their children, right from conception to the first two years of life. Not only parents, but many children and their grandparents, too, participated in the walk that ended at the Air India Building.Undernutrition is often listed as the world's most serious, but least addressed, problem. Any cognitive and physical damage caused by undernutrition in the 1,000-day period from pregnancy to the age of two is severe and irreversible.State health minister Suresh Shetty, who participated in the walk, said malnutrition is a huge problem. \"The number of urban poor is going up, resulting in poor maternal and infant health,\" he said, adding that early marriage and inadequate spacing between pregnancies spelt trouble. \"If women aren't healthy, their children will be affected too,\" he said.Although undernutrition claims the lives of 3.5 million children each year, it is preventable. Priya Dutt , MP from the north-central Mumbai parliamentary constituency , said, \"According to the latest University of South Florida reports, 60% of urban children are malnourished. Nourishment, especially as a mother, is something one should be very careful about.\"Bollywood stars Konkona Sen Sharma and Tara Sharma said their lives changed after they became mothers. \"As mothers, what we eat is very important for the child. We must eat well so the family remains healthy,\" said Tara.Director and actor Amol Gupte said it is not just a home, but society which begins with a mother. \"Women need to cater to their nutrition not just to bear children, but also for themselves,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi/bhopal", "code": "12406091", "title": "Shehla Masood murder: CBI recovers weapon used in crime", "text": "NEW DELHI/BHOPAL: The CBI today said that the weapon used in the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood has been recovered at the instance of Saqib Ali who is accused of hiring contract killers to murder her.A CBI spokesperson said in New Delhi that the weapon, a country-made bullet, was recovered at the instance of Ali alias 'Danger' and has been since sent for forensic examination.Ali -- a local history-sheeter -- is alleged to be the link between Zaheda Pervez, accused to be the main conspirator, and hired sharp-shooters Shanu Alunga and Irfan - both hailing from Kanpur to kill Shehla. He allegedly brokered a deal between the key conspirator and the shooters for Rs 5 lakh.After Shehla was killed by the Uttar Pradesh shooters, Zaheda paid the duo Rs three lakh, CBI sources said.So far, five persons have been arrested in the case: Irfan, Bhopal-based interior designer Zahida Pervez, her friend/confidant Saba Faroqui, Saqib Ali (Danger) and a suspected killer, Tabish Khan.CBI alleged that Pervez got Shehla killed out of jealousy, as she could not stand latter's growing closeness to BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh.The BJP MLA has been questioned extensively by the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12398728", "title": "Rs 45 crore unaccounted income found", "text": "SURAT: The investigating wing of income tax (I-T) department has recovered unaccounted income and assets worth Rs 45 crore from two real estate groups and two architects upon the conclusion of the two-day long search and seizure operation here on Saturday.About 150 I-T sleuths from Surat, Ahmedabad, Vadodara and Valsad had swooped down on at least 23 premises of the real estate groups and the two architects in the city.Official sources said about nine bank lockers were searched in Surat and some important documents relating to unaccounted assets and properties have been seized. The I-T sleuths have recovered about Rs 2.10 crore worth of gold and diamond jewellery from the premises of the four tax evaders.The real estate groups have disclosed unaccounted income of Rs 22 crore and Rs 21 crore. The two architects have declared Rs 2 crore of unaccounted income.I-T sources said the disclosure was a voluntary action by assesses during the search and seizure operation. The parties under investigation revealed the income over and above the income they had reported in the tax returns. However, the investigations will continue and the raiding team will prepare a report on the basis of which further assessment will be made. There are chances that the assesses' tax liability would also be increased later on.\"We have completed the search at 22 locations in the city, while one location of the real estate group is still being searched by the I-T sleuths,\" a senior I-T officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399143", "title": "Listen to your body", "text": "Wednesday afternoon's passing away of `A' Division footballer Venkatesh during a game followed the demise of two fitness enthusiasts, who died in and around gym facilities after workouts has brought into focus professional and personal carelessness of a system and society that refuses to look beyond the basic minimum. There was little or no medical help available onsite that may have helped revive the 27-year-old, who breathed his last at the city's centrally located football stadium. Equally health experts warned that while `fitness' is a worthwhile pursuit, it is important to listen to one's body which has a language of its own.Dr B R Madhukar, a leading psychiatrist in the city, called for regular health checkups for both athletes and the common man. He said it was `pathetic' that there was no doctor or ambulance on site at the Bangalore Football Stadium while a competitive league match was taking place. The incident was further underlined by last week's FA Cup game where Bolton Wanderer's midfielder Fabrice Muamba collapsed during a game. Team doctor's later said, he wasn't alive for around 78 minutes and only survived due to artificial breathing and timely medical intervention.Dr Madhukar said, that people often ignore messages their bodies send out for the sake of convenience and because it cannot be accommodated during the course of a day given the pace at which we live our lives. \"Listen to your body,\" he said, \"We live a high-pressured lives and sometimes people genuinely do not find the time to take something like a chest pain seriously, most times we link it to a gastric problem and just pop a pill. It is advisable, however, to visit a doctor the following day or before your next workout. Almost always it is a pre-existing, undetected problem which caves in at stressful times or when following taxing training schedules.\"Fingers are pointing in the direction of fitness centres and trainers, accusing them of pushing clients for better, more visible results which in turn would help widen client base. Preet Anothy, a fitness expert, pointed to two factors which need to be adhered to: While it was absolutely important that all gym staff were professionally trained in first-aid practices, it is essential that trainers and trainees understand the gradual progression in workouts.\"Every engine has its limits and your body is no different,\" Preet said, \"You don't find people rushing with their weight training. That's because so much has been said and written about how weight training done without proper supervision and guidance could be counterproductive, whereas with aerobic activity people think it is fine to jump levels, just because running and jumping is something you've done from childhood. It is not ok. There has to be a gradual progression that takes into account several factors, including age and background in that if one has always been athletically inclined in which case he or she can take on more of a load than someone who has led a sedentary life.\"While the system is one thing society is the other. The slim-line shape, size zero or six-pack abs ___ all of which make unreasonable demands on the body, especially with advancing age, is stirred by the need to look a certain way. It's not uncommon to find people in urban society, people of both sexes, who maybe pushing 50, working out to look younger.Sports psychologist Dr Chaithanya Sridhar, who is a keen observer of social trends, said, \"In these increasingly fast-paced times, there's a growing obsession to attain a certain look or body shape, especially with young adults and the middle-aged all of which needs to be achieved in double-quick time. It is shocking to see the extent people push themselves, sweating hours at the gym along with following extreme diets, sometimes even working out at speeds that competitive athletes stick to. While these workouts and diet fads may fulfil the short-term objective of looking great, it is detrimental in the long-run. These outlooks maybe pinned to the media's portrayal of 'slim is smart and beautiful' a requisite society looks for. Peer pressure is another factor. This unfortunate scenario is an example of how conformation to societal rules cannot always be positive.\"Dr Sridhar also pointed at the urban dressing code for women. \"Western outfits require one to have a slim figure which doesn't suit the average Indian body type, unlike our traditional salwars or sarees which appreciates curves,\" she said, before adding, \"A question to ask oneself is 'does my waistline really define me?'\"Death is not something that is generally associated with sporting pursuits, competitive or social, but the Garden City has seen a few of them in the last few months which has set alarm bells ringing. While society needs to introspect, the system is begging to be sorted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398430", "title": "Corporation staff in dock for fudging data", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai Corporation suspended four officials, including an engineer and three conservancy inspectors, following reports of manipulation of data.The civic body received a tip-off from their internal vigilance team that employees managing the Perungudi dumping yard were entering false records of truck deliveries and garbage weight. \"They recorded around 68 truck deliveries for two-day period, which a simple check proved untrue,\" said a corporation official.They believe this was done in connivance with private companies involved in transporting garbage. \"The corporation hires private lorries to carry garbage from various neighbourhoods to the dumping yard. They are usually paid by weight. The officials could have pocketed commission for exaggerating the numbers,\" the official said.An official communication from the civic body said, \"An enquiry had been conducted following which documentation staff including the supervisory staff at the Perungudi dumping yard were suspended. The officials are assistant executive engineer K Varadharajan and conservancy inspectors M Dinakaran, K Ramadoss and K Sundaram. A detailed enquiry is on.\"A new team has been put in place to manage the dumping yard, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397541", "title": "Municipal polls: RWAs field next-door candidates", "text": "NEW DELHI: Some resident welfare associations in the city have decided to take the plunge for the municipal polls. With their focus on performance, these players have already taken the pre-poll discourse away from party towards getting the best candidates for their areas. Some associations are selecting young potential candidates themselves.In Vasant Vihar, the RWA is not waiting for the Congress and the BJP to field their candidates - it has come up with its own - Sameer Bhagat (42). He is related to late Congress leader HKL Bhagat. \"The candidates that the BJP and the Congress are fielding belong to Vasant Village and JJ clusters. We have never seen them in the area and they are old. Our agenda is clear - we want a candidate who is young and popular and knows the problems of the area,\" says Dr Gautam Vohra, president of the RWA.The decision to field their own candidate was taken only three days back. \"In Vasant Vihar colony alone, there are over 7000 voters and the political parties should have put forward a candidate from the area. Among the major problems are parking and commercial activities but these candidates will not be address them,\" says Rajni Mathur, a member of the RWA.Bhagat is a businessman and has been working for the welfare of residents for over 10 years. \"There is no political aspiration. My aim is to improve the area and address the grievances of the residents. My political background will help me in handling the pressure and understanding the nitty-gritty of the corporation. Because of the rapport I share with residents, I was the common choice,\" said Bhagat.People are stressing on transparency and accountability in the functioning of a corporator. In Mayur Vihar Phase-II, the RWAs have fielded their own candidate, Rajesh Sehgal (45). \"Municipal elections are a social cause. We want a social worker and not a politician as our leader. In the past 15 years, parties are fielding candidates from village areas but a major chunk of the area comprises of housing societies. This time we have decided to have an educated and approachable candidate,\" said TK Raina, a member of the Mayur Vihar Phase-II RWA.On Saturday, 383 nominations were filed. They included BSP (94), Shiv Sena (2), Jan Lok Shakti Party (4), CPI (7), NCP (17), RJD (6) and SP (2). The rest were filed by smaller outfits and independents. The Shiv Sena is contesting MCD polls for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12401455", "title": "Body of abducted Jorhat trader found", "text": "JORHAT: The body of Jorhat businessman Kailash Ginoria, who was abducted on March 10, was found at Lungsubasti in Nagaland's Wokha district, about 5 km from Merapani town, on Saturday.Ginoria went missing from Jorhat on March 10 and police arrested 14 persons, including four women, in connection with the case. Police said the trader was shot dead by the abductors from a very close range and his body was kept under some stones.\"The body bore bullet injury marks. From circumstantial evidence, it is learnt that the man was shot dead several days ago from point-blank range and the body was hid under some stones in the hills,\" said Jorhat sadar police station OC Bakul Gogoi.\"We have arrested Rajiv, a co-accused in the Ginoria abduction case, on March 22. He revealed that the businessman was shot dead by them on March 11 when he tried to flee,\" the officer said. He added that the reality came to light when the prime accused in the case, Panchi Gogoi Dutta, was arrested in Wokha district on Friday night.\"Panchi said she had called Ginoria on the phone in the evening and took him away to the Assam-Nagaland border on March 10. Two wardens of Mahendranagar open air jail - Nabajyoti Gogoi and Nayanjyoti Phukan - helped her to hand over the businessman to a car lifters' gang in Nagaland. But the gang killed him the next day. Thereafter, they called up the trader's family through his mobile and demanded ransom till March 14,\" the officer said.He added, \"We arrested 14 persons, including the two jail wardens, from Jorhat and Wokha districts. We also seized three pistols, one grenade and 100 live ammunition from the residence of Nayanjyoti Bhuyan at Titabor Shyamgaon besides a car and a bike from Nagaland during the operation.Kailash Ginoria was a leading businessman in Jorhat and was mainly involved in coal trading in upper Assam districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12399542", "title": "Jose was only a reel-life villain: Sreekumaran Thampy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: \"It's unfair to call Jose Prakash a villain . He was in fact a brilliant actor who essayed a number of character roles in Malayalam cinema,\" said lyricist Sreekumaran Thampy who recommended Prakash for a well-received role in 'Vilakku Vangiya Veena' directed by the late P Bhaskaran.\"He had acted in around 25 films either directed or scripted by me. I was his fan and during my school days, he was the most popular play back singer,\" recalled Thampy while sharing his fond memories of the actor.\"It was after hearing a music programme by K J Joseph (Jose Prakash) at Kottayam Thirunakkara maidan that Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and music director V Dakshinamoorthy invited him to sing for the film 'Sheriyo Thetto' . It was Thikkurissy who changed his name to Jose Prakash,\" said Thampy.\"Jose was a realist who not swayed by fame and films. He was a practical man. When his playback singing career ended, he started a 'tea powder' business in Kottayam. He never squandered money. He set up a big school in Ooty and started a dry-cleaning centre in Ernakulam . He was calm and it was evident from the way he faced the worst in his life,\" he said. It was his slick performance as a villain that prompted many to offer him negative roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399470", "title": "Five persons end life in separate incidents", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five suicides were reported in different parts of the city in past 24 hours. Only in one incident, a suicide note was found.According to reports, a 45-year-old man hanged himself in Hussainganj on Saturday morning. He was allegedly fed up over his wife's bid to implicate him in false cases. The victim was identified as Rajesh Kesarwani, a resident of Kesarwani Bhawan, Udaiganj in Hussainganj. According to his younger brother Rakesh Kesarwani, Rajesh got married on May 20 last year. But after 25 days of marriage, Rajesh's wife went back to her parents.She also filed a case against Rajesh for monthly maintenance and started harassing him, Rakesh stated in his complaint. The police said Rajesh has left a suicide note with his lawyer.In PGI police station, a 21-year-old woman hanged herself in Kalli Paschchim locality on Friday evening. The woman was identified as Nisha Yadav, wife of Jaideep Yadav, a resident of Kalli Paschchim. According to Nisha's father-in-law Bhagwan, she married his son Jaideep about a year ago. The police said no suicide note was found from the spot and the matter was being investigated.In another incident reported from Madiaon, a 36-year-old man committed suicide by hanging himself at his house in Faizullahganj. The victim was identified as Ashok Kumar.According to his landlord Vijay Maurya, at around 6 am he saw Ashok was hanging from a fan in his room. The reason behind the suicide was not known, but three empty liquor bottles were found in his room. Ashok, a driver, lived with his wife Krishna and their two children. Similarly, in Kakori, a 25-year-old man hanged himself on Friday evening after returning from his in-law's house. The victim was identified as Tiwari Gautam, a resident of Raipur village in Kakori.Tiwari had gone to his in-law's house three days back, the police said as his wife Sushma was also living there. He was married three years' back, the police said, and added that after returning home, he locked himself in a room and hanged himself. No suicide note was found. In Mohanlalganj, a 35-yearold man hanged himself from a tree. The victim was identified as Kalloo Raidas, a resident of Jabrauli village in Mohanlalganj.The reason behind the suicde was not known. No suicide note was found. Kalloo worked at a brick-kiln.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401970", "title": "My school\u2019s taking me to the UN", "text": "A bored stroll through a local science centre to stargaze has been replaced by a Power Point presentation after watching a spacecraft docked at NASA. Anuradha Varma reports on school field trips going snazzy.Delhi Public School student Varsha Rao knows what it's like to study in Germany. Last June, she spent three weeks in Ostbevern, a tiny village near the city of Munster, with the Niehoss, a German family. The class 10 student was on an exchange programme with nine other classmates. Later that year, it was Rao's turn to play host, when Clara Niehoss visited India. \"Clara's dad taught me how to ride a tractor. She and her siblings are far more independent than us. We girls would take off on weekend trips to Berlin and Cologne unaccompanied by adults,\" remembers the 14-year-old.At classes that Rao attended at a local German school, she was introduced to a method of learning removed from what Indian students are used to. \"We focus on theory , they focus on applied knowledge. Students there make Power Point presentations. They can switch streams midway, and enroll in vocational courses, without waiting to complete high school,\" says Rao, who submitted a comparative analysis on education in India versus Germany, on her return.Sangeeta Sinha, a senior teacher at Rao's school, says international field trips are now an integral part of the school curriculum. \"After a visit to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) in November last year, most kids from that group of 40 returned wanting to become astronauts,\" she smiles.Edwin Joseph, a class 8 student of Vidya Valley in Pune, is familiar with that zing of inspiration. After a visit to NASA last November, the boy who dreams of being an aeronautical engineer, was able to tell the difference between local field trips that he calls \"predictable\" and his dream visit. \"It was inspiring to see the technology and infrastructure available.\"Out-of-class, and overseas education come at a price, of course. While Rao's parents coughed up 50,000, Mumbaibased dentist Burzin Khan spent 1.5 lakh for his daughter Zeenia Khan's school trip to Beijing earlier this month. The 15-yearold, Class 9 student presented a paper on the overuse and abuse of prescription drugs at a mock United Nations session held from March 15 to 19. The Harvard Model United Nations conference was started by the Ivy League university 59 years ago to simulate the functioning of the UN for students. The school kids act as diplomats in various committees of the UNICEF and Security Council, while debating issues like humanitarian intervention in peacekeeping missions.\"It's about providing an early start on developing global ideas. You can't expect this sort of exposure inside a classroom,\" says Khan. Tanisha Avarsekar of NSS Hill Spring International School, Mumbai, was one of the 18 participants from her school, who attended the session. \"The debates stretched over four days and we had to come up with spontaneous speeches. I spoke about peacekeeping in the Middle East,\" she says.School principals agree that the learning acquired through experiences like this is unmatched - right from the time the teenager is interviewed during visa application to his interactions at the destination.While headmistress of Bal Bharti Public School, New Delhi, Sonia Chhabra, admits that all students cannot afford the cost involved, she says their enthusiasm is unmatched. \"When we asked for volunteers for a trip to NASA over 40 hands went up,\" Chhabra notes.Sadhna Bedi, principal of City Montessori School, Lucknow, finds the change in field-trip returned kids, remarkable. \"There was a boy from Class 6, who was quite pampered at home. We noticed a change in his behaviour after his return from an exchange trip to Australia. Such trips teach children to give space to others and improve their listening skills. They learn to accept people for who they are. After seeing spotless roads, they returned with a heightened civic sense too,\" says Bedi.Bedi's school has taken students to Australia, Japan and Malaysia in the last three years, and participates in the Children's International Summer Villages programme, where seven to nine-year-olds visit 12 international destinations, including Germany, Singapore and USA. \"These are a c t iv i t y - o r i e n t e d camps, where kids learn about the host country's folklore. Most of them don't want to return,\" says Bedi.While organisations like AIESEC (Association Internationale des Etudiants en Sciences Economiques et Commerciales) have been organising exchange programmes for Indian school and college students for a while, the increasing popularity of this trend has prompted travel operators to jump in. New Delhibased Amatra Travel &amp; Leisure Pvt. Ltd., which has been organising exchange programmes for Indian students for the past three years, will begin to organise homestays in India for foreign students soon.Gurgaon-based Frontiers Edutainment Pvt. Ltd. organises trips that cost between 1.6 lakh and 2.2 lakh. This year, they will take students to the Albert Schweitzer Leadership for Life International Youth Conference at the National University of Ireland-Maynooth and the London International Youth Science Forum at Imperial College, London. Time for your teenager to make Don, we'd think.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12400421", "title": "Man creates forest single-handedly on Brahmaputra sand bar", "text": "ITANAGAR: A man in his mid-50s helped grow a huge forest on a sand bar in the middle of the mighty Brahmaputra in Assam's Jorhat district, which has caught attention of the government, tourists and film-makers.The 30-year-long effort of Jadav Payeng, known among local people as 'Mulai', to grow the woods, stretching over an area of 550 hectares, has been hailed by the Assam forest department as 'examplary'.Mulai began work on the forest in 1980 when the social forestry division of Golaghat district launched a scheme of tree plantation on 200 hectares at Aruna Chapori situated at a distance of five KMs from Kokilamukh in Jorhat district.Assistant conservator of forest Gunin Saikia, who is presently posted at Sivsagar district, said, \"Mulai was one of the labourers who worked in our project which was completed after five years. He chose to stay back after the completion of the project as others left.\"Mulai not only looked after the plants, but continued to plant more trees on his own effort slowly transforming the area into a big forest, Saikia noted.\"This is perhaps the biggest forest in the middle of a river,\" Saikia, who was instrumental in conceiving the project, said.The department planned to launch another plantation programme in the area this year, Saikia said pointing out that there was ample scope to extend the forest by another 1,000 hectares.Not only tourists are flocking to the woods in droves, a famous British film-maker Tom Robert went there two years back to shoot one of his films.The forest, known in Assamese as \"Mulai Kathoni\" or Mulai forest, houses around four tigers, three rhinoceros, over a hundred deer and rabbits besides apes and innumerable varieties of birds, including a large number of vultures.It has several thousand trees among which are valcol, arjun, ejar, goldmohur, koroi, moj and himolu. There are bamboo trees too covering an area of over 300 hectares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12400826", "title": "Days to get hotter in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: With the dust haze enveloping the city subsiding, days will get warmer, officials of the Meteorological department said. No immediate change is likely in the weather conditions and the mercury may go up after a change in the wind direction, Met officials said.Mandla remained the coldest in the state with 9 degrees Celsius temperature and Khandwa the hottest with 39 degrees C. The maximum and minimum in the four main cities of Bhopal , Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 37.7 and 15.6 degrees Celsius.The city recorded a maximum of 36.9 (+2) degrees and a minimum of 19.2 (+1). Similarly, the maximum temperature in Indore remained at 37.7 (+2) and minimum temperature at 17.2 (+1). In Gwalior, the maximum temperature was recorded at 36.4 (+2) degrees and the minimum temperature at 15.6 (-1) degrees. Jabalpur recorded a maximum of 36.2 (+1) degrees and a minimum of 15.7 (-1) degrees.Mandla remained the coldest in the state with 9 degrees Celsius temperature and Khandwa the hottest with 39 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12402884", "title": "Montek opposes any Presidential reference on 2G case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia has totally opposed the move for making a Presidential Reference on the 2G case and instead feels the government should implement the Supreme Court order cancelling the spectrum licenses and completing the auction in good faith.He has also suggested that a Group of Ministers can be constituted to consider complex issues like pricing of spectrum which could consider options put out by the telecom ministry and then make recommendations to the government.A fortnight ago, the Union cabinet discussed the possibility of making a Presidential Reference to the Supreme Court on its 2G judgement especially on issues like auction of scarce natural resources and the First Come, First Serve method.It deferred a decision on the ground that the solicitor general can be called to give his views on the complex issues. The government has, however, filed a review petition on the court judgement delivered in first week of February.\"....there is nothing to be gained by making a Presidential reference on the lines of the draft. If a reference has to be made, it must clearly state that the Government's position on key issues but I do not know if that would be appropriate,\" Ahluwalia said in a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh recently.He said if the government itself was unclear about some aspects of policy like pricing of spectrum then it should first clarify its position and added that Telecom Commission comprising officials was not the right forum to use for evolving solutions to these complex and possibly controversial decisions.Under pressure to review its controversial poverty line of Rs 28.65 daily consumption, the Planning Commission is likely to complete by next month the formation of a technical group to revisit the methodology used to arrive at the figure.\"We have initiated the process of constituting a technical group to revisit the poverty estimates based on Tendulkar formula, which would be completed in a month, \" minister of state for planning Ashwani Kumar told PTI.Last week, Kumar had said that the government has taken the decision to form an expert group to revisit the methodology for estimating poverty in a manner that is consistent with current reality.He had added that the government had taken this decision in December last year.According to the methodology recommended by the Tendulkar Committee for estimation of poverty, besides calorie intake, the spend on health and education is also factored in.As per the Commission's estimates, the poverty ratio has been pegged at 29.8 per cent in 2009-10, down from 37.2 per cent in 2004-05. These are based on the daily per-capita consumption of Rs 28.65 in cities and Rs 22.42 in rural areas.According to the Commission's latest finding, the total number of poor in the country has been estimated at 34.47 crore in 2009-10, as against 40.72 crore in 2004-05.Last week, the Commission's deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia was the target of attack, inside and outside Parliament, after the panel put out the poverty numbers. Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav even asked for his removal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12398886", "title": "Veggies, fruits just a call away", "text": "PANCHKULA: Your vegetables and fruits are now just a phone call away. Introduced by the Haryana State Agricultural Marketing Board on Saturday, this new concept of 'market on wheels' offers residents an opportunity of booking fruits and vegetables from any place in India a week before you want. This facility can be availed by calling up at a toll-free number, 1800-180-2060.\"This mobile market which would be refrigerated would keep the vegetables and fruits fresh throughout the day. Also through this service that will available at the doorstep, one can book fruits and vegetables well in advance. If one wants to have the speciality of a particular place, like apples of Solan, we would contact the farmers there and the delivery would be made,\" said T V S N Prasad, chief administrator of the Haryana marketing board.\"Rehris are quite slow in delivering fruits and vegetables and sometimes these don't even come to your house. In fact, one has to look for the rehri-wallahs and sometimes the vegetables one gets also get spoilt. But with this concept, delivery would be speedy and one would get fresh vegetables and fruits. It will be just like a 'pizza delivery',\" said another officer of the marketing board.He added that the mobile market would also bridge the gap between farmers and consumers as farmers would be able to sell their produce directly to the consumer.\"It's nice to have fruits and vegetables delivered at your place this way. There are times when you need vegetables and fruits immediately but don't find any rehri-wallah. Sometimes after one has finished work in the kitchen at night, that one remembers that the stock of vegetables is over. But it gets difficult when the next day is a working day but there is nothing to cook in the morning. This concept would come in handy in such situations,\" said Gungun Sharma, a resident of Sector 16, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402329", "title": "Jones' 'Come away with me' top-selling album", "text": "Singer Norah Jones' record \"Come away with me\" has topped the best-selling Billboard albums chart of the past decade.Jones debut record has sold nearly 11 million copies since it was released in 2002. Eminem's album \"The Eminem Show\" and Usher's \"Confessions\" were second and third after selling 10 million and more than nine million respectively.Adele's album \"21\" is fourth in the list, which is compiled by Nielsen Soundscan, a tracking sales of music and its video products. The British singer sophomore album has sold more than eight million copies and is the best-sellling record of the last 10 years by an artist outside the US.50 Cent's \"Get rich or die trying\" notched up more than eight million sales, while records by Evanescence and Nickelback were in sixth and seventh place, reports starpulse.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12398169", "title": "Survey: Erosion a serious problem", "text": "MUMBAI: In all, 13 states and Union territories have recorded a change in size as a result of several factors, barring the splitting up of large states or drawing of new geo-political boundaries.Surveyor-General of India Swarna Subba Rao attributes the change in size to the fact that the areas of coastal states change due to coastal erosion and reclamation. \"The reclamation of land is not so huge that it can run into tens of sq km,\" he says. \"But erosion is serious, especially in Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu and the West Coast, though we don't have exact figures.\" The 2011 census has now corrected the tiny aberrations that were noticed during the previous surveys.Sometimes, however, a slight change in the area of a landlocked state like Delhi is due to neither erosion nor reclamation but a calculation earlier gone wrong. \"The land mass reported by state governments is often different from that charted by agencies like SoI,\" says Subba Rao. \"Sometimes this can happen on account of the method of calculation. Earlier, areas on a map were calculated by the graph method and by employing a planimeter, a mechanical device that had some inherent limitations. Now, all our maps have been digitised. We compute areas using software which is very accurate. SoI maps are accurate and authentic, and the area reported by SoI stands.\"Architect and planner P K Das, who has mapped the city of Mumbai, says there is a difference in the area of Mumbai as calculated by him and by the city's civic body. \"Wetlands, edges of creeks, mangroves and river beds are often mapped vaguely,\" he says. \"Illegal land filling has also contributed to the increase in area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12397756", "title": "Police stations to be interlinked soon", "text": "KOCHI: Police stations in the state will soon be interlinked using video conferencing facilities, easing the workload of policemen. The facility is part of the modernization drive of the police force, a Central government project that is being implemented across the state.The police department plans to implement this project in three phases, and expects to complete the third phase by 2013.In the first phase, the police headquarters in Thiruvananthapuram will be linked to Zonal offices, Range offices and district headquarters. A senior official at the police headquarters said the first phase of the project would cost about Rs 9 crore, and would be completed in a couple of months.In the second phase, circle inspector offices across the state would be brought into the loop. In the last phase, the remaining police stations will be connected. The project is being implemented with the technical support of Keltron.The system to be installed in police stations will have a multi-conferencing unit, one management server and a video recorder. The new facility will utilize the existing connectivity and will activate instant video communication access down to districts.Once implemented, police officials can hold discussions, interrogate the accused and discuss policies keeping their superiors in the loop.Many police officials said that such a system would save their time and increase productivity as they would not have to spend time travelling to police headquarters for meetings and conferences.According to K Padmakumar, inspector general of police (Ernakulam Range), the system would be helpful in dealing with routine work from the office itself. Police officials won't have to go to their respective headquarters for discussions and approvals except in the case of extraordinary matters, he said.\"The new system will be helpful to even common people at a later stage. Any person who wants to talk to a senior police official can easily contact him from any police station through video conferencing. Even an accused can be interrogated though this facility,\" said Padmakumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12397761", "title": "Super specialty status evades General Hospital", "text": "KOCHI: For patients from the lower strata of society this is not an encouraging news. The Ernakulam General Hospital is yet be upgraded into a super specialty institution in spite of a move in this direction by the authorities concerned last November.The 150-year-old hospital's development committee had planned to launch outpatient and surgical facilities in the departments of cardiology, neurology, nephrology, urology and endocrinology with the help of people's representatives and NGOs.But the project lagged on. According to hospital authorities, the delay in fund allocation is the root of the problem. Though the government had sanctioned Rs 2 crore for this project, it was not handed over to the committee, which is planning to rope in corporates to make this a mega venture.\"We plan to construct a building that can also house doctors. The master plan is being readied,\" said district collector P I Sheikh Pareeth, who is also the chairman of the hospital development committee.Expansion means recruitment of more doctors, nurses and other staff, as well as acquiring modern equipment and such other facilities. \"We will need at least 3-4 more doctors in each department. Though many doctors have expressed willingness to join the hospital, that will take time,\" says Dr Junaid Rahman, superintendent of the hospital.The OP section of the hospital sees an inflow of 500-800 patients daily even though its services include only specialty departments like medicine, paediatrics, gynaecology, orthopaedics and ENT. One of the most crowded sections is the oncology department where 100-150 patients seek treatment daily. This is the only government hospital in the district offering radiation therapy.There were also plans to make super-specialty treatment facilities available in the urology and surgical gastro departments in the afternoons on select days in the first stage. All this will now have to wait.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12397713", "title": "State seeks 25% central funding for metro rail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is official now. The Gujarat government has approached the Union urban development ministry, seeking 25% central funding for the Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad Metro Project.This information was provided by Saugata Roy, Union minister of state for urban development in reply to a question posed by BJP Rajya Sabha member Natuji Halaji Thakore.Roy said the state government has forwarded the detailed project report for the metro rail project between Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar.The Rs 15,000 crore project will be undertaken in three phases. \"The Government of Gujarat has forwarded the detailed project report for Metro Rail between Ahmadabad and Gandhinagar prepared by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Limited for central assistance to the extent of at least 25% of total cost of the project,\" said Roy.He added that a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV), Metro-link Express for Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad (MEGA) Company Limited, which is fully owned by the Government of Gujarat has been incorporated.The Rs 1,100 crore first phase of the Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar metro rail project is expected to begin this year. Officials said that though the Union ministry has generally followed a model of providing 20% of the cost project as financial assistance, it was currently evaluating the Gujarat government report.As per the request forwarded, the state and Centre will fund 25% each while 50% cost can be raised through loans and other sources. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399240", "title": "Government plans city makeover", "text": "LUCKNOW: After assuming control of India's most populous state, Akhilesh Yadav has embarked on the journey, which his father Mulayam Singh Yadav could not complete due to change in state's political landscape. However, leaving the past behind, the youngest chief minister of UP seems to be focussing on steps, which would help his party to make fresh inroads and at the same time ensure all-round development of the state. TOI takes a look at some of the spots, which would undergo a makeover.Karpoori Thakur's Memorial: A day after Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav asked his son and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister to get a memorial constructed in the name of socialist leader Karpoori Thakur, the Lucknow Development Authority swung into action to identify the spot, where the memorial could be constructed. Officials have identified a park spanning two acres adjacent to an under-constructed Shaheed Path close to Vipul Khand. Interestingly, the park has a strong imprint of Mulayam's bete noire, Mayawati, as the bust of Karpoori Thakur was dedicated to public inaugurated by Mayawati on January 24, 2003 during her previous stint.However, unlike other memorials, which achieved the status of being 'grand enough' to attract tourists, the said park is a picture of utmost neglect. While the boundary wall is broken at many places, the wall on the back of Karpoori's bust provides a platform for people to express their feelings including abuses and other objectionable messages.The foundation stone speaks of Karpoori's contributions to socialist movement at length. The two time chief minister of Bihar (once in 1970 and then in 1977), Karpoori Thakur has been the president of Akhil Bhartiya Sanyukt Samajwadi Dal founded in 1969. This was 23 years prior to the birth of Samajwadi Party. Mulayam himself is reported to have told Akhilesh of his experience of being at the Karpoori's house in Bihar. It was nothing but a thatched hut. The so-called park named after him in 2003 too carries the same irony. Locals say that hardly anyone visited this park during the last regime of Mayawati. \"Will this really undergo renovation?\" asked a surprise local. Sources in LDA, however, said that a proposal to get the place has been prepared and will be sent to the state government soon. \"It will be according to the directions of the state government that the map of the project and its estimates will be prepared,\" said an official.Jai Prakash Narain International Centre: The Jai Prakash Narain International Centre is proposed to come up near Lucknow Development Authority office in Gomtinagar. However, the site, which was identified for a 'priority project' during Mulayam's stint as a chief minister in 2006, has turned into a dump yard. Heaps of discarded red sand stones, which were once used to beautify Maya's memorials, scatter all over amidst protruding rusted iron beams meant for pillars. Even the foundation stone has gone missing.The site also has a unit office of Rajkiya Nirman Nigam, which has hardly anything to do with the project, at least as of now. But on Thursday, LDA geared up to clear the mess after chief minister Akhilesh Yadav gave instructions to this effect.Proposed at a cost of over 20 crore in 2006, the project was supposed to have two auditoriums, a library, an art gallery and a cafeteria. A swimming pool and a tennis court was also proposed at the site until part of the land got incorporated into a lawn close to the CSI building which has residences of bureaucrats. It remains to be seen as how much the state government will spend on the project.Gomti Riverfront Project: The project was initiated in 2008 under the Integrated Urban Rejuvenation Programme of the department of housing and urban planning. It was to be executed by the Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) and Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC). However, after initial enthusiasm, when the then housing minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui showed his concern for the ailing river by stepping into its filthy waters near Kudiaghat to clear the algae, the project lost its way. Nevertheless, the project still lingers on paper. According to a draft report prepared by the private consultant roped in by the previous Mayawati government, the project involved work throughout the 22-kilometre stretch of river. The focus of the proposed project was to revive the River Gomti through river cleaning water retention &amp; interventions, aimed at enhancing the functional and scenic heritage of the river. Special attention is being laid to ensure reviving and conservation of the inner city fabric in the core city area along the river banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399213", "title": "Pushpak Express gets bio-toilets", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Pushpak Express (2533) has been provided with bio-toilets, thus upgrading the profile of on-board passenger amenities.On Saturday, the 25-coach train was provided with 50% of bio-toilets. The new technology has been developed by Research Designs and Standards Organisation (RDSO) and Defence Research and Development Establishment (DRDE) Gwalior. The bio-toilets have been provided in 3AC, sleeper, general and SLR coaches. The precautions to be followed by the passengers have also been put up like passengers should not throw material like cloth or cigarette butts in the toilet, as it can get choked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399358", "title": "Boy falls from 7th floor, in ICU", "text": "MUMBAI: A five-year-old boy was critically injured after falling from the balcony of a seventh-floor flat in Adarsha Mahal building, Worli, on Saturday evening.The boy was admitted to the ICU of Nair Hospital with severe head injuries.Saba Shaikh was playing in the Gandhi Nagar flat, where he lives with his parents, when he ran to the bedroom balcony and fell accidentally, said the Worli police. \"The boy landed on a motorcycle parked below. His parents and neighbours rushed him to hospital in an unconscious state,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12398347", "title": "Students and teachers awarded for computer use", "text": "PATNA: Bihar education minister P K Shahi on Saturday felicitated students and government school teachers for using computers as a tool for the purpose of teaching and learning.The competition, organised by Edureach ( Educomp's ICT Division) with Microsoft;s support, was aimed at encouraging the students and government school teachers to use computers as a tool for teaching and learning.Four students and two teachers received the award at the programme. On the occasion, Soumya Kanti, president of Edureach, Educomp Solutions, said that ICT competition aims to empower the students and government school teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12397659", "title": "Private institute told to pay Rs 2.6L to student", "text": "GURGAON: The district consumer court has ordered a private institute based in Udyog Vihar to pay back Rs 2.6 lakh which was taken as fee along with Rs 1 lakh as compensation to a student after it was found that the institute was offering an unrecognized degree course.In 2010, the student, Rahul Kaushik, filed a complaint with the consumer court after realizing that the course, BSc (hotel management), being offered by the institute was unrecognized. That's not all, it was also found that the institute itself was not affiliated with Maharishi Dayanand University (MDU) as was being claimed by the management.Efforts were made to contact the institute, Rai Foundation, but no one was available for comment.After two years of close scrutiny of all the records and details of the complaint, the court ordered the institute to pay back the fee of over Rs 2.6 lakh to the student.In the order, the judge, Raghvinder Singh Bahmani, said that the institute has played with the career and future of students by making false promises and fraudulently taken huge amounts as fees from them without any affiliation to a university.Ordering a further Rs 1 lakh as compensation and Rs 5,000 as litigation expenses, the court also noted that the complainant has been harassed unnecessarily which caused great mental agony and put a question mark on his career. The court also noted that the institute has indulged in unfair practices by enrolling students on one pretext or the other by using different names of their affiliations and granting diplomas instead of degrees. The court also ordered that the complainant was entitled to a 12% interest per annum from the date of deposit.According to the complaint, the student had paid the fees up to the fifth semester thinking that the course would be a three-year full-time degree course but later found that the institute was not recognized. During the course of trial, the institute submitted in the court that the complainant never completed the formalities of a degree programme and was instead given a diploma from the American Hotel Lodging Association Educational Institute in 2007.The court took note of the documentary evidences of the admission letter issued to him in 2005 in which he was asked to pay the fee for the said course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12398336", "title": "Money can\u2019t produce IITians: DGP", "text": "PATNA: State DGP Abhayanand on Saturday announced that 91 students from six centres (Kanpur, Delhi, Guwahati, Jorhat, Patna and Gaya) of Abhayanand Super 30 would appear at the IIT-JEE 2012 examinations on April 8.Talking about the modus operandi to select candidates for his Super 30, Abhayanand said the Centre for Social Responsibility and Leadership (CSRL) executives visited 91 remote districts in UP, Assam, Maharashtra and Delhi national capital region (NCR), to identify students who had the potential and talent but no money to join the mainstream higher education. \"Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas are our main hunting grounds. I personally screen candidates before finally giving admission to our centres,\" said Abhayanand.Asked about the fund for his projects, the DGP said public sector undertakings, like Gail, Power Grid Corporation of India, IGL and Oil India have been sponsoring the centres at Kanpur, Delhi, Guwahati and Jorhat, respectively. Some private sector companies are also keen to sponsor projects in their respective economic zones.\"In Gaya, a dedicated team of professionals are teaching the students without charging any fee. I also interact with students of outside Bihar through videoconferencing,\" Abhayanand said.The DGP has a piece of advice for the parents. \"Money cannot produce IITians. Focused guidance and motivation to hone the potential of a student can. Parents should screen their wards first before sending them to a coaching institute for IIT. That would save them from frustration,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397429", "title": "Cops return Kazmi to court", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a surprise move, Delhi Police's Special Investigation Team on Saturday took journalist Syed Mohammad Ahmad Kazmi to the Tis Hazari Courts and surrendered his custody saying it didn't need to interrogate him anymore. The cops had been granted his custody in connection with last month's car bombing case till March 27. Sources said the police have interrogated Kazmi enough and believe they have derived all the information he has about the conspiracy to attack an Israeli diplomat on February 13. Chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav later sent Kazmi to judicial custody till April 7.Kazmi's son Shauzab told TOI, \"I don't know what is happening. First they seek custody for 20 days, and then surrender it. They say the enquiry is done and they don't require his custody. Basically, they have no evidence against my father and they have been making baseless claims. On top of that, they did not inform us or our lawyer today\". Regarding the surrender of custody, a senior officer said, \"It does not mean that he is not an accused in the case or we have nothing against him. He is a co-conspirator and helped in the reccee. It's just that we interrogated him about the Iranian nationals, h is meetings with them and other details and the help provided by him. He does not seem to know anything more\". At a press conference last week, Delhi Police commissioner BK Gupta had said that Kazmi was part of the conspiracy and had recceed the Israeli embassy and its surrounding areas. Gupta had also said that Kazmi and his wife had been unable to explain the foreign remittances of Rs 3.80 lakh and Rs 18.8 lakh to their accounts since early 2011. Kazmi was arrested on March 6. Police had claimed that the man who planted the car bomb, Afshar Irani, had maintained contact with both Kazmi and the Bangkok bomber, Masoud, who has been arrested. Kazmi had reportedly gone to Iran twice in 2011 at the instance of Seyed Ali Mahdian Sadr, a member of the bombers' Delhi module. Police say he met Mohammed Reza Abolghasemi, another Iranian accused in the Delhi blast. \"He was asked to provide assistance in India and was paid a sum of $5,500\" Gupta had claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12401610", "title": "Air quality in Shillong far from satisfactory: CAG", "text": "SHILLONG: The ambient air quality of Shillong and the entire state of Meghalaya in general is \"far from satisfactory\", mainly because of emission of air pollutants from automobiles, says the latest report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG).Poor compliance with rules by implementing agencies like the municipal boards and healthcare establishments coupled with \"ineffective monitoring\" by Meghalaya State Pollution Board (MSPB) resulted in continued environmental pollution and health hazards leading to increase in the number of patients suffering from air and water-borne diseases, said the report tabled in the assembly on Friday.\"The extent of pollution of air caused by 481 polluting industries was not monitored by the MSPCB and coal mining activities were carried on in the state without authorization,\" the CAG said. The CAG reported that water of 28 out of 31 water bodies in six districts of the state were not \"fit for drinking\". \"There are no waste processing facilities in four municipal boards or scientific landfills in all six municipal boards of the state which resulted in open dumping of mixed waste,\" the report said.The report further noted that in violation of Bio-Medical Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 139 (out of 178), health institutions were functioning in the state without authorization from the MSPCB. The report pointed out that in Meghalaya the MSPCB is primarily responsible for enforcing acts and rules relating to pollution control and waste management and that their implementation is the responsibility of various departments and organizations, including the public health department.The central government, under the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, framed (1998-2000) rules to regulate management of municipal solid waste and bio-medical waste to protect and improve the environment.There are no waste processing facilities in four municipal boards or scientific landfills in all six municipal boards of the state which resulted in open dumping of mixed wasteThe CAG reported that water of 28 out of 31 waterbodies in six districts of the state was not 'fit for drinking'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12399525", "title": "Joint efforts to end water crisis", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Availability of drinking water in handpumps, particularly in the semi-urban areas, continues to be a persistent problem in the district due to defunct handpumps and faulty pipeline although the state witnessed good rainfall last year.In a bid to solve the problem, elected representatives, corporate houses and the district administration on Saturday held a joint meeting to work out ways and means in this regard.Chaired by DC Himani Pandey, the meeting resolved to press adequate number of water tankers, among other steps, in the traditionally identified water scarce areas, this summer. It was agreed that Jusco, a city-based utility services firm, Tata Motors and Uranium Corporation of India Limited will provide water according to its capacity, as and when required, but responsibility of ferrying it to the deserving areas on tankers rests with the drinking water and sanitation department. The district administration said defunct handpumps would be replaced with new equipment, soon.\"The meeting precisely was to work out measures in advance so that people do not suffer much during the peak of summer. Soon, we will meet to assess the follow-up measures,\" said local MP Ajay Kumar.Mango, Azadnagar, Jugsalai, Pursudih, Karandih, Birsanagar, Sundernagar, Baridih basti, Harharguttu, Sarjamda, Rahargoda and Chota Govindpur in the Dhalbhum subdivision largely suffer water shortage in the summer.Out of the nearly 13 lakh population of the urban periphery, about half the population faces the crisis. Three main sources of water in the district are the Subernarekha and Kharkhari rivers, and the Dimna Lake.Jusco supplies 80 lakh gallons of water in the Tata Steel command area per day while PHED supplies 1.2 million gallons of water in the Jugsalai notified area and 3.5 million gallons in Jugsalai municipal area.\"The continued delay in completion of the Mango drinking water project and Birsanagar drinking water project (Birsanagar project is completed but water supply has not begun) is also an issue,\" said a senior PHED official who attended the meeting.At present, nearly 60% of the population are facing water woes in Mango and Jugsalai areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12399608", "title": "Stress on developing mofussil areas", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: District panchayat vice president Rufus Daniel kept quoting Gandhiji and his ideas on heralding development from villages as he presented the 2012-13 budget here on Saturday.With a surplus budget that sets income generation at Rs 145,12,70,785 and expenditure at Rs 137,78,82,275, Rufus said he aimed to uplift the mofussil areas in the panchayat with an equitable distribution of funds.The budget aims to make Neyyatinkara district hospital a multi specialty facility with dialysis unit, trauma care centre and scanning facilities. The scheme is similar to the one promised for the Varkala Ayurveda Hospital in the previous budget.Biogas plants: Each panchayat will be provided Rs 10 lakh to set up biogas plants. Every panchayat will also have 50 mini-biogas units installed in houses. The budget estimate for waste management for all panchayats is Rs 2 crore. Each panchayat will also be allotted Rs 2 lakh each to do away with plastic.The budget has set aside Rs 23 crore to equip government schools in the district panchayat with facilities like good libraries, facilities to enhance students' communication skills, facilities for students' counselling, etc., as well as a special project for Valiyathura Fishing School.A sum of Rs 26 crore has been set aside to promote agricultural and animal husbandry sectors. Coconut nurseries, seed farms and jersey farms stand to benefit. Around Rs 20 crore will be spent to transform the jersey farm at Vithura to a high-tech farm. The budget also has various schemes for soil-protection, fish-processing, and inland pisci-culture.The SC-ST community gets Rs 16 crore worth of schemes that promise scholarships, homes, medical care and new job initiatives. The budget also envisages identification and protection of water-reserves in each panchayat with Rs 245 crore the district panchayat plans to muster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12398363", "title": "Nagerbazar flyover finally opens to public", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday inaugurated Nagerbazar flyover amid much fanfare and made good use of the event to proclaim the achievements of her 10-month-old government and lambast the erstwhile Left Front government.Inaugurating the flyover, which will be named the Ramkrisna Paramhansa flyover, Mamata said only 30% of work on the flyover was done during the Left government's tenure while the remaining was done in the last nine months to complete the first phase of the flyover over Jessore Road. \"We will show how to bring about a revolution in setting up roads. A tourism revolution will occur in Bengal. We will not allow people to block roads with flags. We have come to work and bring all-round development,\" she said. The Rs 107-crore Nagerbazar flyover project was approved way back in 2007 and work started in 2009. The project that missed several deadlines was listed under the Centre's JNNURM scheme.Lamenting over the fact the state \"fell behind\" during the 34 years of Left Front regime, the chief minister listed the projects that her government will undertake in near future. \"The Patipukur underpass will come up, the Kestopur flyover will be constructed and work on airport modernization will be completed by March. Bengal fell behind in the race for progress during 34 years of Left rule. We decided to speed up work and the Science City flyover is now coming up very fast,\" she said.Mamata on Saturday also urged the municipalities to pull up their socks and work properly to bring about a comprehensive development in the state. \"I was passing along the road towards Adyapith. It is in such a terrible condition. The municipalities will need to do good work. The urban development department will help those municipalities that do good work,\" she said.Mamata also spoke at length on local civic projects. \"I have asked the irrigation department to renovate the Kestopur canal properly. Some are questioning the need for beautification projects. What's the problem with them?\" she wondered.The chief minister during her speech played hard the development card to convince people of the state about her government's pro-people image. \"In our state budget, we have not taxed the common people. We will do so only when our finances come to such a state that we have no other option left,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397573", "title": "City monuments witness reduced footfall", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the exam season in full swing, city's monuments are witnessing a drastic reduction in domestic tourist footfall. Charminar, Salar Jung Museum and Golconda Fort have in the last one week seen a near 30 percent decrease in visitor inflow.\"Summer before mid-April or first week May is a lull period as children and parents are busy with exams. Our average domestic tourist count is 4,500 per day for rest of the year but for more than a week now we have been receiving less than 3,500 visitors per day,\" said Rashid Khan, ASI in-charge of Charminar. Saturday's footfall was close to 3,400 visitors.The decreasing numbers are a cause for concern for traders around Charminar. A pearl trader who operates in the vicinity of Charminar said, \"During March and April the business is usually down. Very few locals come out shopping. We mostly rely on foreign tourists. But if it is a hot day business is further affected.\"While the Charminar has seen a 25 percent decrease in its visitors, Salar Jung Museum has seen a bigger drop. On any given day in December or January the museum is visited by at least 3000 people but in the last ten days, the number has come down to 1000. Golconda Fort which receives more than 3500 visitors daily has also witnessed a slump. Officials are however not a worried as they say that following the lull the tourist season picks up. \"Come May, the count of visitors goes up and our collections will peak. Visitors from the North and other parts of the country will visit city. Till June we will have a busy time,\" said Ahmed Ali, an official at Salar Jung Museum.Charminar officials informed that this summer they expect an average visitor count of 4500. The number of foreign tourists however has not been affected. All three locations have roughly been receiving around forty to fifty tourists on daily basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12398780", "title": "Health centres help check TB in district", "text": "MYSORE: Tuberculosis can be completely eliminated if it is detected in the initial stages and if the treatment is taken regularly for 6-8 months.According to Dr H M Virupaksha, head of Pulmonary Medicine, Mysore Medical College Research and Institute and PK TB Hospital, Mysore, TB is a contagious and common disease which spreads through air. It is caused by a bacterium called Mycobacterium tuberculosis. TB attacks the lungs, but can also affect the central nervous system, circulatory system, lymphatic system, genitourinary system, bones, joints and the skin. He spoke in details on the two major types of TB -- Pulmonary Tuberculosis (PTB) and Extra-Pulmonary Tuberculosis (EPTB).TB rate has come down due to the implementation of Directly Observed Therapy (DOT), a nationalized programme implemented in Mysore in 2003. Under this, a healthcare worker will look after the TB patient. \"Over 22,597 TB cases have been identified since the implementation of DOT in Mysore,\" added Dr Virupaksha. The city has five DOT centers. DOT centre volunteers will give tablets thrice a week, and the patients should go to the nearby centre and swallow the drugs in front of them. The cure rate is nearly 80%.Due to DOT centres in taluks, the number of inpatient and out-patients at PKTB Hospital is becoming less. Now, an average 60 out-patients visit this hospital and this is the same with inpatients. Nearly 300 patients used to visit the hospital, but now it has come down to 120 patients, he added.Rally taken out in citySpeaking after inaugurating a programme to commemorate the day, medical education minister S A Ramdas said there are nearly 22,600 patients in the district suffering from TB. According to a survey, through DOT, a nationalized programme, nearly 80% have been cured of the disease between 2003 and 2010, he added. Ramdas said various medical programs will be launched in April.Nursing and medical students took out a rally to mark the day. Mayor Pushpalatha Chikkanna and MLA Tanveer Sait flagged off the rally at the District Health Officer's office in Nazarbad, which passed through SP's Office Circle, Theohald Road, and other places before reaching the starting point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401611", "title": "Subtitles for Tigmanshu Dhulia\u2019s Hindi films", "text": "\" Paan Singh Tomar\" has opened up a new vista of verbal communication for Hindi cinema. It is the first certified Hindi-language film which carries English subtitles in all the prints sent to every part of the world in India and abroad.And now Dhulia says he would insist on English subtitles for all his films regardless of where it is being screened.English subtitles for Hindi films in India??? A revolutionary step for Bollywood cinema, since English subtitles are generally reserved for overseas markets. \"But I haven't made a single typical Mumbai-Bollywood film! My films are set in the Indian heartland. My characters speak regional dialects. So it makes sense for my films to have subtitles. We discovered that subtitles automatically generate a wider audience. When we tried it in \"Paan Singh Tomar\" we were not sure it was the right thing to do. But since the characters spoke a dialect that no one followed we went with the unheard-of concept of English subtitles for a Hindi film in India. And it worked. I don't think \"Paan Singh Tomar\" would have been so successful in the metros like Mumbai if it wasn't for the subtitles,\" asserts Dhulia.For his next film \" Milan Talkies\" again Dhulia will insist on English subtitles.Divulges the director, \"It's again set in a region whose language is not comprehensible to the man in Mumbai or Madras. \"Milan Talkies\" is a love story set in Allahabad. I can't make a love story set in the big city because there's no point of conflict there. But in small towns of Uttar Pradesh a girl meeting her boyfriend is still a matter of great scandal outrage and social protest.\"While \"Milan Talkies\" would be located in Allahabad Dhulia would be shooting the film in Lucknow also. \"Lucknow is a beautiful city. I'd like it to be part of \"Milan Talkies\" even if it would mean taking liberties with geography.\"Interestingly Dhulia doesn't see his cinema as 'Hindi'.\"There are so many spoken dialects of Hindi. I'd say my films would be like a Japanese or a Telugu film with English subtitles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi ", "code": "12398718", "title": "Govt asserts no change in India's nuclear policy", "text": "NEW DELHI : The government has asserted that there is no change in India's nuclear policy and protests against the Kudankulam power project are inspired by \"national and international groups ideologically opposed to nuclear power\" who exploited the post-Fukushima situation by spreading misinformation.In answers to Parliament questions, the government ruled out downsizing nuclear power targets, saying \"India's nuclear policy has not undergone any change...India cannot do away with the nuclear option considering its growing energy needs and limited energy resources available in the country. Nuclear power is a clean energy option that provides long term energy security and addresses climate change concerns.\"Indicating it will not be swayed by protests led by local NGOs, church groups and supported by US and Scandinavian anti-nuclear activists, the government defended its programme unapologetically, saying nuclear power is an \"important component of our energy mix and will be pursued, with full regard to safety, security and livelihood of the people.\"The government's confidence that it can tide over the Kudankulam situation is rooted in its assessment that Tamil Nadu's poor power situation with Chennai suffering from daily load shedding has eroded support for the protests blocking operationalisation of two 1000 mw units. The J Jayalalitha government's recent green signal to the project has also come as a morale booster for the Centre.Official sources claim protestors are running into local resistance with residents increasingly perturbed with disruptions caused by the agitation while a Rs 500 crore package cleared by the state government offers concrete benefits like cold storage, repair of mechanized boats and road projects that can win over fishing communities propping the protests.Stressing that \"India's energy needs are very large,\" the government has said \"nuclear energy will play a major part in future for achieving energy security of the country.\" The reiteration is significant as government sources see a bid to stall India's nuclear programme in the use of foreign funds and linkages between local groups and international NGOs.On foreign funds buoying the protests, the government has said \"Preliminary reports indicate that NGOs from certain foreign countries are funding some NGOs in the country, especially NGOs working in and around Kudankulam area, who are involved in the agitation against nuclear power plants. Detailed investigation will reveal the source of funding and expenditure pattern of these NGOs opposing the Kudankulam nuclear power project.\"Aware that it needs to address possible health and safety hazards, the government said a multi-discipliinary group of experts has found no enhanced risks at the sites of nuclear plants. \"...experts from diverse fields, namely academcians, scientists, engineers, radiation experts and doctors....has concluded that incidence of cancers and health defects has not increased due to radiation from operating nuclear power plants.\"\"Studies have found no significant change in radiation level in the environmet compared to the base line data before operation of the nuclear power plant,\" an official reply to an unstarred question said.The government has done its best to address \"legitimate and genuine apprehensions\" and these efforts are made at the other proposed site for a nuclear power plant at Jaitapur in Maharashra and other operational plants as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399205", "title": "Jail minister orders suspension of jail staff", "text": "LUCKNOW: Action has been recommended against two jail officials posted at Nari Bandi Niketan after inmates complained of poor quality food being served to them before state jail minister Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya. The minister was on a surprise inspection at the three jails of the city - model jail, Nari Bandi Niketan and district jail - on Saturday.The minister directed the officials to pull up their socks and rectify the shortcomings soon. The minister also directed the officials to install water coolers on prison premises. Raja Bhaiyya had reached the jail in Gosainganj at around 1 pm and went through barracks, met the jail inmates and heard their grievances.Expressing displeasure over the quality of food being served to prisoners, especially at Nari Bandi Niketan, the minister warned officials of severe punitive action if the complaints were not paid heed to with immediate effect.He also told the officials that he would again pay a surprise visit to see if his orders have been implemented or not. At the women's jail, the minister is said to have ordered suspension of two jail officials. However, senior jail officials feigned ignorance over any such order. Efforts to contact the minister went in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12398173", "title": "India Foundation for the Arts comes to Mumbai", "text": "The summer months are usually when cultural activity in the city begins to dry up. So culture enthusiasts will be pleased to know that the India Foundation for the Arts (IFA) is organizing a two-day festival at Prithvi Theatre from April 7. The event, which celebrates IFA's arrival in Mumbai, will show the works of film-makers, researchers and artists who have received grants from the organization. The line-up includes an exhibition of photographs of tamasha, puppet workshops, films and Dastangoi, a telling of tales from the epic Dastan-e-Amir Hamza by Delhi performers Mahmood Farooqui and Danish Hussain.Founded in 1993 by Anmol Vellani and based in Bangalore, the IFA is one of the few independent organizations in the country that funds the arts. Its activities in Mumbai will involve showing the works of those who have received grants at four venues: Project 88, Mohile Parikh Centre, Blue Frog and Prithvi Theatre. \"The idea is that the venues will act as a kind of forum for the IFA,\" Vellani says. \"They are providing access to spaces and audiences. The events could be work created by grantees-for example, somebody who has developed breath-training while developing a performance. A lot of it will be workshop-type of activity. It might be work in progress so that grantees can dialogue with the audience.\"Besides the IFA, agencies that fund the arts are, for the most part, either government bodies, corporate philanthropic organisations such as the Tata trusts and cultural institutions of foreign governments such as the Goethe Institut, the British Council and Alliance Francaise. Agencies like the Goethe Insitut and British Council are visibly supportive, as they show the work done by grantees by way of exhibitions and performances. But, by and large, arts in India don't receive the sort of patronage they are bestowed abroad.\"It's not as if there aren't funds,\" Vellani says. \"But the perspective with which that funding comes is problematic. In corporates, funding comes out of marketing budgets. Development agencies look at the arts from a development angle. The problem is that the arts are not supported from their own perspective. They are often handmaidens for other agendas.\" The IFA, he says, has to date made 304 grants that amount to Rs 18.10 crore.Raising funds has been particularly difficult in recent years, Vellani points out. One of the reasons is the dismal economic climate in the US and Europe, which has forced foreign funding agencies to reduce their budgets. \"Another reason is that the government has been paranoid about foreign contributions,\" he says. \"It has suspicions that money is used to fund seditious activity. The irony is that because India is a rising economic power, government agencies abroad want to work consistently with it.\"On the other hand, the Indian government, which is not known for generosity when it comes to culture, has been surprisingly supportive in recent years. A number of schemes have surprised arts practitioners by their imagination and largesse. For instance, two years ago schemes for black box theatres, studios where theatre groups could rehearse, and arts journals were launched. And monthly grants given to individual artists and theatre groups were doubled. Arts practitioners credit cultural secretary Jawahar Sircar, known to have a deep interest in the arts, with these initiatives. \"Often these things tend to be driven by a dynamic person,\" Vellani says. \"Thinking of funding is not institutionalised in India. Most bureaucrats consider the culture ministry a punishment posting.\"The IFA Festival will take place at Prithvi Theatre on April 7-8. For details, visit www.prithvitheatre.org.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12398426", "title": "New campus of Goa Institute of Management at Sanquelim inaugurated", "text": "PANAJI: The sprawling new Sanquelim campus of the Goa Institute of Management (GIM), among the better-known business schools in India, was inaugurated by Ashok Ganguly, Rajya Sabha MP and former Chairman of Hindustan Lever Ltd on Saturday. Ganguly unveiled a plaque in the presence of R Gopalakrishnan, chairman of the board of governors of GIM and director, Tata Sons Ltd, GIM director Peter D'Lima, Poriem MLA Pratapsingh Rane and other faculty and visiting academics.Goa Institute of Management was started in 1993 by Fr Romualdo D'Souza. It was functioning from a smaller campus in Ribandar till recently. Spread over 50 acres, the new state-of-the-art modern campus has been designed at a cost of 63 cr and provides facilities RFID card-based library, modern living quarters are equipped with coin operated washing and drying machines, cafeteria, Wi-Fi connectivity, centrally air conditioned academic and faculty areas, video conference lecture facilities, football ground and jogging track, basket ball and volley ball courts and indoor badminton and table tennis courts. A gymnasium, multipurpose hall and guest rooms for visiting faculty are also part of the campus. A small shopping area, stationery store, provision counters and ATM machines have also been provided on-campus..The inauguration was followed by the 18th annual convocation ceremony for the PGDBM batch 2010-12. 226 students received their diplomas on the occasion.In his annual report, D'Lima said the institution now has 42 full-time faculty for the coming academic year and aims to bring this number to 50 in the future. Consequently, the number of visiting faculty will be brought down, he added. D'Lima disclosed that a new director would replace him for the ensuing academic year. Prof N Sambandam has been appointed the new academic dean.Speaking at the convocation Gopalakrishnan said, \"This is an important juncture for the institution as it was holding its first convocation at the new campus.\" He felt \"students should understand that profit is not the aim but the consequence of running an ethical business and doing it well\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12401496", "title": "4-day art exhibition ends in the city", "text": "GUWAHATI: Around 13 young art students of Creative Art and Craft Centre, Ganeshpara displayed their paintings at an exhibition held in the State Art Gallery. The four-day art exhibition 'Bird: A group of Children Artists' ended on Saturday.The 78 paintings at the exhibition done mostly by students aged 10 to 17 were appreciated by all the visitors of the gallery. Amongst the visitors, noted Assamese comedienne and actress Chetana Das left an encouraging comment on the visitor's book for the children. Stephen Flinkers, an American tourist, who visited the gallery on Friday, spoke to the young artists and also left a positive feedback on the visitor's book.The displayed paintings, even with its usual subject content like landscape, still objects and violence on women, did not fail to catch the roving eyes of a visitor. Through their brush strokes, the children showed that even with their young minds, they had made a valid observation of the world around them. \"Most of the paintings were done by the children. The school was opened three years ago to groom young talent and we have received a good response from people in our maiden exhibition itself,\" said Sangita Uzir, a teacher at the school.Akash Das, a class six student of Cotton Collegiate said, \"I love art; it is my passion. I want to be an artist when I grow up but my parents insist that I opt for engineering. No matter what I become, I will continue art. I have seen works by Noni sir, Brahma sir, Neel Pawan Baruah sir and others.\" Das had painted a flower vase on sand paper and had incorporated some round glass pieces on it.\"I was astonished by the youngsters' calibre and I must say that they should be encouraged to enhance their talent. There should be more exhibitions of young children so that they are encouraged to paint more,\" said Deepali, a visitor at the gallery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12398770", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation asks irrigation department to release water from Ukai dam", "text": "SURAT: Worried over depleting water level in the upstream of Tapi at weir-cum-causeway, the civic body has urged the irrigation department and Ukai dam authorities to release water into the river.Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) officials said the water level at weir-cum-causeway has gone down to 4.45 metre in the past few days. This could create difficulties for the water pumping stations to draw the required amount of water from the river to satisfy the water needs of the city residents, they said.SMC sources said every year during March, April and May, the irrigation department releases water from Ukai reservoir at least six times to maintain the level of water at weir-cum-causeway and to deal with the problem of water hyacinths, hindering the operations of the intake wells in the upstream of the river.The civic body is supplying about 760 million litre per day (MLD) of water to the residents in the diamond city and Tapi river is its only source of water.Executive engineer (hydraulic) J K Shah told TOI, \"The water level in the upstream of weir-cum-causeway has started to deplete. We have written to the irrigation department urging it to release adequate quantity of water from Ukai reservoir to lift the water level.\"Shah said, \"The day temperature in the city which hovers between 34 to 35 degrees Celsius is responsible for the fast evaporation of water in the river.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12397153", "title": "Semen presence not necessary for proving rape: High court", "text": "NAGPUR: Rejecting an appeal filed by a rape and murder accused, the Aurangabad bench of Bombay High Court has ruled that presence of semen is not necessary for proving offence of rape. \"It is not necessary that in every sexual intercourse, there would be oozing of semen,\" a division bench comprising justices Naresh Patil and TV Nalwade ruled.In the process, the court upheld the Osmanabad sessions court verdict which sentenced Prashant Kate (25) to death and lifer for raping and killing a six-year-old girl. He was also slapped with a fine of Rs 25,000.Citing Section 375 of IPC, the court ruled that even slight penetration is sufficient to constitute the offence of rape. \"In the present case, reason is given that there was no semen detected in vaginal swab. It is not acceptable in view of position of law and also for common sense,\" the court observed.\"There is sufficient evidence to prove that it is a case of homicide and rape. It needs to be observed that no injury was found on the private part of the accused, but we cannot infer from it that he had not committed rape,\" the court added.Citing criminal analysis report, the accused contended that his blood group was 'O' while that found on the clothes of deceased was 'A'. However, the court held that injuries found on the person of accused as per medical evidence can be used against him as an incriminating circumstance.Kate, a resident of Solapur, had gone for a marriage of his friend in Kaudgaon village of Osmanabad district on May 4, 2009. The deceased's family was also from Solapur and had come for the same event. The accused was known for his bad habits and also for drinking. After the dinner, when everybody was busy in marriage preparations, Kate, who was under influence of liquor, took away the girl under pretext of handing her over to her father. After performing the heinous act, he smashed her head by stone.When the girl could not be traced, her parents lodged a complaint at the nearest police station. The accused was arrested two days later and the session court later awarded him capital punishment after examining witnesses.Reacting to the judgement, Tejaswini Khade, the president of the Vidarbha Lady Lawyers' Association, said, \"Such judgments would act as a deterrent to criminals like Kate. I think law should be stricter to prevent such incidents. In today's scenario, every parent remains concerned about their girls when they are not with them.\"Social activist Seema Sakhare felt Kate depicted depravity among humans and \"such criminals should be dealt with iron hand\". \"The court was right in holding that even slight penetration should be accounted as rape. The convict fittingly deserves death for his brutal act,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397691", "title": "After MM Joshi, NRI Anshuman Mishra targets Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitley", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ditched by the BJP after internal protests, NRI businessman Anshuman Mishra continues to lash out at the party targeting leaders of Opposition in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley after having claimed public accounts committee chairperson M M Joshi had met 2G scam accused.With Mishra indiscriminately firing at BJP leaders, Congress pressed Joshi to quit as PAC chair in view of the businessman's allegations. Congress is however proceeding carefully as it feels Mishra's actions do not show him to be very credible even as it is not passing up the opportunity to take a few potshots at BJP.Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam , who is a member of the PAC, demanded that Joshi should quit as the allegation that the BJP leader sought meetings with companies embroiled in 2G scam put a cloud over his functioning.Nirupam said, \"If there is even an iota of truth in Mishra's grave allegations, then Joshi should quit the PAC and also relinquish his position as member of Parliament. One should remember that Mishra belongs to the inner circle of BJP.\"BJP spokesperson Tarun Vijay tried to counter Mishra's allegations, saying \"it is our request to the media not to give any credence to such wild allegations which do not have an iota of truth. Joshiji is a rishi (sage) politician, a symbol of crusade against corruption.\"AICC spokesman Manish Tiwari insisted \"the BJP cannot distance itself from Mishra\" since a dozen of its MLAs including Jharkhand chief minister and state chief had chaperoned him through the nomination process. \"It would be appropriate to point out that subtext of averments made by BJP-endorsed Rajya Sabha nominee are serious to say the least,\" he said.\"Susmha Swaraj was invited by Lalit Modi to watch a match,\" said Mishra. \"He (Jaitley) sent me a greeting when I became a candidate. Why did he accept Christmas gifts from me then? Why did he watch a cricket match at my box at the Lords,\" asked Mishra.Mishra continued his tirade against Joshi on Saturday claiming that the leader met 2G accused Shahid Balwa and Vinod Goenka in his presence. \"I was at Dr Joshi's house one day when a few people who were involved in the 2G scam came over. I do not deny that they were my friends as well.\" Swan Telecom promoter Shahid Balwa had relations with many BJP party leaders, he added.\"They (Shahid Balwa and Vinod Geonka) are equally friendly with Arun Jaitley and Piyush Goyal. They used Balwa's name because he is a Muslim and wanted to sensationalise matters. Can they deny that Balwa and Goenka didn't stand with the BJP between 2000-12. Both have done good work in Gujarat,\" claimed Mishra.\"Jaitley was a friend, we used to meet often till 2011. He considered me a threat in his territory. So what has happened now?\" Mishra told a tv interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12399278", "title": "Man who wished to marry stabbing victim a suspect", "text": "MUMBAI: A man who had approached the Malad station stabbing victim Seema Parab's family with a proposal to marry her a few years back is one of the suspects in her murder. On Friday, Seema Parab (23), was walking to Malad railway station when a man stabbed her in the abdomen with a knife and slit her throat. Seema, who used to work as an accountant in a beauty salon in Borivli (W), was on her way to work.The man who approached Seema's family with the marriage proposal has reportedly not been seen at home since the incident, and neighbours told the police he had gone to his native place. A senior officer said that a few years back, the man had approached Seema's family , expressing interest in marrying her, but things didn't materialize . The police are verifying whether he was in touch with Seema till recently.Cops are not clear about the identity of the accused and have put together a sketch with the help of eyewitnesses. They refused to share more information about the case, worried that it might tip off suspects.\"The accused had come with the intention of killing Seema and we suspect that he was known to her. We will crack the case soon,\" said Subhash Dafle, senior police inspector, Kurar police station. He confirmed that the man interested in marrying Seema was one of the suspects but said they were also probing other angles. The police are verifying Seema's call records and expect to get crucial leads from the examination of her call details.A police official said the killer seemed to have a personal dispute with Seema as he didn't touch her jewellery but slit her throat to keep her from escaping . In his haste, the accused had dropped the chopper he was carrying, which the police later recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12398242", "title": "Celebrities hail vibrant Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Winds of change blowing across Bihar has made the celebrities performing at the three-day Bihar centenary celebrations feel proud of being associated with the event.\"It is beginning of a new era for Bihar and the whole country should help in progress of the state,\" said Ustad Amjad Khan , the noted sarod player. Saying that \"Bihar has contributed in making me what I am today\", he offered his services to visit music institutions in the state to guide both the students and teachers there. He said he would like to perform with his sons here the next time.\"Completing a hundred years is a momentous occasion.Bihar has gone through ups and downs and now emerged as a fast developing state,\" said Kailash Kher , the Bollywood's Sufi singer. After suffering much pain, the state can now give a new direction to the country, he said. Kher advised the younger generation of Bihar to stop migrating and start contributing to welfare of the state.Vocalist Ustad Mustafa Khan expressed happiness that Bihar is again reviving its past cultural glory by organizing major programmes, like it used to do in '70s and '80s. \"Ghar ghar me bhara ullas, Jagmaga utha Bihar,\" he said about the state. Padma Shri Ustad Rashid Khan, a classical vocalist, said, \"I have performed in Bihar on many occasions and love the audience who enthusiastically respond to classical music. After a long gap, Bihar is organizing such musical events. I feel proud of being a part of this celebration.\" Khan Legacy, comprising Murtaza Khan, Rabbani Khan, Qadir Khan and Hassan Khan ,who are known for their classical music with a modern touch, specially Sufi songs, performed for the first time in Bihar as a band at Gandhi Maidan on Friday. \"We feel fortunate for being a part of Bihar's centenary celebrations,\" they told TOI.Wishing Biharis the best on the occasion, Rabbani said, \"Bihar has a rich cultural heritage. These programmes will help the state in carrying the legacy of classical music to younger generation.\" \"Bihar has changed a lot.I was not able to recognize any place here today, it looks so beautiful now,\" said Indian mandolin player Padma Shri U Shrinivas,who came to Patna to perform at Durga Puja around two decades back when he was just 14 years old. \"This (centenary celebrations) is a momentous occasion not only for the people of Bihar but also for the whole country,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397425", "title": "Norway effect: Welfare officers in all missions", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the case of an NRI couple seeking custody of their kids from Norwegian authorities may have been marred by marital discord, it has led to India asking its missions to appoint welfare officers to provide assistance to Indians who find themselves in similar situations.Confirming that India issued fresh instructions to its mission in Norway to provide all help to the couple who seem to have again patched up, government sources said foreign minister S M Krishna will in the next few months emphasise to Indian envoys the need to be ``receptive'' to the problems faced by Indian nationals.Public welfare officers would be appointed to handle complaints from those who have suffered at the hands of local authorities as seems to be case with Anurup Bhattacharya and his wife Sagarika Chakraborty with regard to their children Abhigyan and Aishwarya.Sources said Krishna will hold a meeting with Indian envoys of the Gulf region on April 14 in Abu Dhabi and then with those based in Europe in Madrid a week later on April 21 where he will discuss the fallout of the Norway case.``The minister will make the point about how Indians missions have to be more pro-Indians, which sadly has not been the case until now, in the light of what happened in Norway. He will also ensure welfare officers are appointed to handle complaints directly from Indians,'' said a source.In June, Krishna will attend a conference of Indian envoys in Argentina where he will reiterate the same issues and sources confirmed that the minister sent a ``formal note'' earlier this month to all Indian missions in which he insisted welfare officers be appointed by all missions.The government feels there is no question of backing off from the Norway case despite criticism in media that MEA overplayed its hand. It was reported last week that the Anurup Bhattacharya, was actually seeking divorce from his wife Sagarika whom he described as mentally unstable.``The matter will come up for hearing in court only in August but the Indian embassy has been asked to provide whatever help the couple seeks for them,'' the official said, adding that the decision to postpone the visit of a diplomat to Norway last week resulted from the ``confusion'' over reports about marital discord.The couple is now said to have again signed an agreement though on Friday to allow Anurup's brother Arunabhash to get the custody of the kids.``The agreement will now be presented before the Norwegian Child Welfare Services who will then approach court which will, in turn, take a decision based on the validity of this document. The Indian government will continue to help them in this exercise,'' he added.Officials said that Krishna's initiative was a definite attempt to make the functioning of foreign ministry more public oriented. ``The case in Norway has come as a catalyst in that sense. The foreign ministry is preparing to help any Indian family facing any problem abroad,'' said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12397735", "title": "Green notes from Goa", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Twittering, screeching, roaring sounds filled the performance space -sounds that are today substituted by drones of automotives. Dressed in black, three actors play the creatures of forests, happy in their natural habitats, until the bulldozers and cranes come and mine their territories. For both art lovers and the socially conscious, the play 'Creatures of the Earth' was a highly emotive experience.The travelling theatre group - Space Theatre Ensemble - by young Goans Andrea Pereira, 23, Stephie Madurel, 19 and Terence Jorge, 24, revisits the legend of Paikeachi Zor through this play. \"Three fourths of Goa is forest land, which is also the fresh water source for the state is under direct threat due to mining,\" said Terence. \"Paikeachi Zor is one such spring.\"Beginning with a documentary showing the local community's protest against illegal mining, the context of environment consciousness is sets in.\"So far, we have completed 145 shows. Having travelled to places like Chennai, Bangalore, adivasi parts of Odissa, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand, we have acted in village markets, temple and church courtyards to auditoriums for the general public,\" said Terence.During their 4-day long stay in the city, the group performed at various places like the Cept campus, Prashant, Charranagar, Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad and at public spaces like Himalaya Mall and Dalpatram Chowk. Terence added, \"We are happy our trip coincided with the World Forest Day. Also we had the opportunity to meet groups like Budhan, Ek se Anek who use art as a method of outreach.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398312", "title": "Areas not paying bills may face power cuts", "text": "PUNE: Areas notorious for non-payment of electricity bills in the city, especially slum pockets like Bhatnagar in Pimpri, Ota Scheme in Nigdi and some parts in Yerawada, may no more be able to enjoy the zero load-shedding facility available here.The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) is seriously planning to crack down on areas where transmission and distribution losses are very high and bill recovery is poor not only in Pune, but across the state, said a company official on Saturday.\"The company has to spend Rs 5 per unit to supply electricity to the consumer.There are many who do not pay bills regularly. In certain areas, the company barely recovers Re 1 per unit. All attempts to encourage such consumers to pay have failed,\" the official said.\"Urban areas in the state with a track record of poor bill payment may have to face 12 to 14 hours of loadshedding instead of the existing seven hours. Rural areas with poor bill recovery may have 16 to 18 hours of load-shedding instead of the existing power cuts lasting 11 to 13 hours,\" the official said.The distribution company thinks that such a step will help keep the tariff low for consumers who pay regularly. Additional power cuts are likely to come into effect soon in view of the increased demand for summer.Areas not paying bills may face power cuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12401373", "title": "\u2018Constitutional amendment must to ratify land deal\u2019", "text": "GUWAHATI: The ministry of external affairs has said constitutional amendment will be required for ratifying the protocol to land boundary agreement signed between India and Bangladesh during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to the neighbouring country in September last year.The ministry said this while responding to BJP MP from Assam Romen Deka's question which he raised in the Lok Sabha under Rule 377 in December last year after the agreement was signed.\"We are cognizant of the need to bring a constitutional amendment for ratifying the land boundary agreement signed in 1974 and the protocol to land boundary agreement signed during the visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to Bangladesh in September, 2011,\" Deka said, quoting a letter from external affairs minister S M Krishna.Deka told a press conference here on Saturday that after the agreement last year, the state government gave an impression that there was no necessity for a constitutional amendment. \"The state government tried to project that there was no need of constitutional amendment regarding the land-swap agreement signed last year. But the letter from the external affairs minister has clarified all doubts. Krishna has also informed me that constitutional amendment bill will be introduced in Parliament soon,\" said Deka.The land-swap agreement in Dhaka had kicked off a political storm in the state with BJP strongly opposing it. A special assembly session was held last year to discuss the issue. The state government had said land to be swapped were not in physical possession of India and reiterated that no land in India's possession was given in the deal.Even BJP leader L K Advani, during his Jana Chetna Yatra rally here last year, said even land in adverse possession could not be handed to another country without the approval of Parliament. Deka said he would file two cases in the Lokayukta soon against illegal coal mining and issuing of Rs 1 crore contract by public works department without any tender notice in the state. \"Illegal mining of coal is going on in the state. This is a serious issue. Recently, the public works department has issued a Rs 1 crore contract in Nalbari district without any tender notice. So, I have decided to file two cases in the Lokayukta soon,\" said Deka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12455159", "title": "Lakshmi Manchu gifts a PS 3 to Mumait Khan", "text": "Lakshmi Manchu had a special surprise in store for Mumait Khan, who's dancing for an item number in Gundello Godari.Recently, after Mumait Khan began shooting for the song near Rajahmundry, she was delighted to see that Lakshmi Manchu had gifted her a PS3 (Playstation 3).\"Amazing gift from @LakshmiManchu I have my new ps3 yayyyyyy!!! Ty so much babe. Ur fantastic human being so happy to be part of ur project,\" Mumait Khan posted on Twitter thanking Lakshmi Manchu.Currently Lakshmi is shooting for Mani Ratnam's upcoming bilingual film Kadal near Tuticorin in Tami Nadu.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12398216", "title": "58 state IPS officers shifted", "text": "PATNA: In a major reshuffle in the police administration, 58 IPS officers from SP to ADG ranks were transferred on Saturday. Some of the officers have also been promoted to the DIG, IG and ADG ranks. Patna senior SP Alok Kumar has been promoted and made DIG (Saran) in place of Sunil Kumar who will join as central range DIG. The post was lying vacant since Vineet Vinayak went back to his parent cadre, Sikkim. Siwan SP Amritraj will join as Patna SSP. IG (operations) Rajesh Chandra has been promoted to the ADG rank and became ADG (Special branch), replacing A S Nimbran, who will now retain substantial charge of CID which he was earlier holding in additional charge as ADG.Perhaps, it is the rarest of the rare occasions when so many IPS officers have been shifted in the midst of assembly session. Moreover, police budget is slated to be taken up in the state legislative assembly on March 27. According to the notification issued by the state government, ADG BMP A C Verma was appointed ADG (training). Verma will be replaced by ADG of special vigilance unit (SVU) A K Upadhaya in the BMP. Special branch IG, R S Bhatti, was shifted to SVU in the same capacity.DIGs, who have been promoted to the rank of IGs, are DIG (personnel) Anupama Nilekar who will assume charge of IG (Budget), Saharsa DIG Paresh Saxena was promoted as special branch IG, Purnia DIG Amit Kumar was made IG (operations), CID DIG N K Azad was shifted to Human Rights Commission as IG, CID DIG Baldeo Prasad was made IG vigilance and yet another DIG Shailesh Kumar Singh became IG (CID). Singh was DIG BMP (Muzaffarpur). 1997 batch IPS Ajitabh Kumar, who was holding charge of special branch SP, became DIG, Shahabad range, in place of Sushil Man Singh Khopade who will take charge in the same capacity in Tiruht range.He will replace Bachchu Singh Meena, who will join Purnia range. Bhagalpur SSP Sanjay Singh, on promotion, became Kosi Range DIG. He will replace Paresh Saxena. SP (SHRC) Vinod Kumar was promoted to DIG and posted in CID. Vigilance SP Zia Ul Haq, on promotion, became DIG (rail) in the state capital. Commandant BMP-4 (Jamalpur) Amitabh Kumar Das will be SP (rail) Jamalpur while SP(D) in CID Arvind Kumar was made assistant director (training). Amritraj's wife K S Anupam, who was Gopalganj SP, has now been made SSP Bhagalpur. Cybercrime SP Awadhesh Kumar Sharma was transferred to special branch as SP (A) while Ram Narain Singh, who was waiting for posting, will take charge as SP (SHRC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12397582", "title": "Oxford University opens gate to CBSE, ISC students", "text": "KOLKATA: CBSE and ISC students scoring 90% and above can now seek admission in undergraduate courses at Oxford University . The students will, however, have to appear for admission tests and interviews for securing a seat in this highly prestigious academic institution.Speaking at Calcutta University on Saturday, Oxford VC Andrew Hamilton detailed out the admission plans of the institution. \"We have thrown our gates open to ISC and CBSE students who can seek admission in our undergraduate courses. They will have to score 90%. This is, however, only the application criteria.The students will have to take tests in particular subjects and appear for an interview. We will test the intellectual capability of students and grant them admissions. However, no quota will exist in undergraduate courses for Indian students. Admissions will open from September 2013. The course fee will be 15,000 pounds a year,\" said Hamilton.Addressing brilliant students from financially weak families, he assured, \"A few scholarships are available for undergraduate studies. We are holding talks with several individuals and organizations, including Indian industrial houses, to draw more funds to offer scholarships.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12398791", "title": "BJP leaders plan yatra", "text": "MYSORE: After a series of political impasse, state BJP leaders are planning a yatra to apologize to the people.District minister S A Ramdas said on Saturday disclosed that party leaders at the Centre will decide about continuing D V Sadananda Gowda as the CM, and \"the issue will be solved by April 15\". Subsequently, the party members will take a yatra to apologize to people for the political crisis. However, the minister did not elaborate on the yatra.They will also do postmortem and introspect the defeat in the recent Udupi-Chikmagalur bypoll. To a query, Ramdas said caste factor is playing a central role in Karnataka politics and it seems to have reached its peak.\"Irrespective of parities, there is an urgent need to come out of caste politics and work for state's growth,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399541", "title": "His villainy was only for camera", "text": "John PaulBefore he donned the silk gown of the actor Malyalis loved to hate, Jose Prakash was 'Meri Kahani Baby' for us. He was the man with a charming smile and melodious voice, singing Mohammed Rafi's songs to entertain friends. Babychan was known for his sweet rendition of Rafi songs, and his favourite was Meri Kahani Boolnewale. And when he joined the military service, his singing soon made him popular among fellow soldiers in faraway lands.In fact it was his voice that changed the path of his career. Not many know that Jose Prakash sang the trendsetting Balikudeerangale.., Vayalar Ramavarma's first song for Devarajan before the play was staged by KPAC. And he entered film industry as a playback singer with Sheriyo Thetto. A few films later, the inevitable transition occurred, and he was seen more in front of the camera than with the microphone.The title role in Snapaka Yohannan and the role of a singer in Kattukurangu made famous by the ever-green Naadabrahmathin Sagaram gave him the image of a character artiste in the initial days, which soon changed to that of a menacing villain.But his villainy was only for the camera. He was one of the few film actors who had a wide network of friends. He treated everyone like his family, encouraging all and doing everything he could to help them. It was Babychan who brought Jayan to the film field, giving him a small role in Jasey's debut film, Shapamoksham. And yesteryear actor Sujatha, who died recently, also came to this field with his support.It was when Attenborough's Gandhi was premiered in Kochi that Jose Prakash recalled how he had stood sentry while Gandhiji's undertook a fast. He was emotional as he watched the scenes on screen. Another time I saw him so moved was two years ago when Union defence minister A K Antony felicitated him at a function in Kottayam. Babychan said he should have saluted the minister as an army man would have, but could not do it as he had lost a leg.His life was like that of a man who had completed the race and said farewell in contentment. He was blessed with a happy family, and his wife would never miss any of his films where he was always a gangster, murderer or rapist. She would say it is reel life, and that in real life he is her husband.How I wish the announcement of J C Daniel Award had reached him before he slipped into his last sleep.(John Paul is a scriptwriter in Malayalam film industry)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12399173", "title": "DLW holds cancer detection camp", "text": "VARANASI: The Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) Hospital in collaboration with the Indian Railway Cancer Institute and Research Centre, North Eastern Railway (NER) organised a cancer detection camp at the Central Hospital on Saturday.According to DLW spokesperson, around 70 persons were examined at the camp by expert doctors.A brief function was also held on the occasion to create awareness among the people for early detection of cancer and treatment. Speaking at the programme, chairperson of DLW Women Welfare Association Ranjana Khare highlighted the importance of such camps and suggested for cancer examination time to time so that the dreaded disease could be averted or treated in time.Additional chief medical superintendent Dr SS Negi also spoke about the importance of the detection of cancer in initial stage for proper treatment.The programme was also addressed by other medicos including Dr RC Trivedi and Surabhi Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12399059", "title": "Voice which got the drill right falls silent", "text": "BANGALORE: \"You've got to get the drill right... Then things will naturally fall into place.\"That was E Raghavan's standard line on a big news day. He'd pump himself up with an extra mug of coffee and call the reporters and the desk for a huddle. Every small detail of the news development would be examined. \"Reporters need to overreact. The desk needs to see it in balance,\" he'd say. He knew.Raghavan started his career as a reporter in Mysore in 1971, covered important events in Delhi and Bangalore, and in the early 1990s started a journey into the editorship of general-interest and economic papers - both English and Kannada. He edited The Times of India, Bangalore, was Editor (South) of The Economic Times and, after retirement, became Editor of two Times Group publications simultaneously: Vijaya Next and Vijaya Karnataka.His was a style of editorship that was distinctly classical. And yet modern. He could reel off in numerical order the 224 assembly constituencies as much as recall the turn of events soon after reorganization of the states. With equal ease, he could discuss fonts with designers or talk to the tech reporter about the new ebook reader. His column, \"Point of View\", stood testimony to a deep understanding of politics and administration.He believed Karnataka has had a unique style of governance that has strengthened democratic traditions. Statecraft that believed in changing the game while playing to the rules. It is this idea that he, along with political scientist James Manor, put succinctly in a recent book titled, \"Broadening and Deepening Democracy\".His passion extended beyond journalism, to the nuances of photography to gardening. An expert swimmer during his youth, he had a love for all sports. He lived a full life, finding time for varied interests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12401903", "title": "Fate of Orissa MLA, Italians remain unknown", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The fate of a tribal BJD MLA and two Italians held captive by Maoists in Odisha remained unknown today, a day after talks to end the hostage crisis were suspended and the mediators appointed by the ultras quit.Though speculation was rife that the two Italians were released in Daringbadi area in Kandhamal district late last night, neither the administration nor the police had any information.Police teams were positioned at some places, including Daringbadi square, the entire night after media reports that the Italians were being released, but there was no confirmation that the hostages were freed, sub-divisional Police Officer of Baliguda Satyajit Nayak said.Though there was no information about the release of Italians, the administration was alert and ready for any such development, Baliguda sub-collector B S Punia said.While 37-year-old Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka was abducted by armed Maoists in Koraput district at 1:00 AM yesterday, the two Italisns - Puri based tour operator Paolo Basusco and tourist Claudio Colangelo - were kidnapped in Kandhamal district on March 14.The state government made a fresh review of the situation at a high-level meeting, particularly after suspension of talks with Maoist mediators in view of the MLA's abduction near Toyaput district in Koraput district and killing of a police sub-inspector in Malkangiri district, sources said.The abduction of the ruling BJD legislator compounded the woes of the state government already struggling to resolve the 11-day Italian hostage crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12399591", "title": "Kerala University to set up Chinese study centre soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Despite a change of guard in the syndicate which is now dominated by pro-Congress members, there seems to be no dent in Kerala University's love for red. A Chinese study centre that will impart training on Chinese language, history and culture will be launched by the university in the coming academic year.The proposed study centre, for which Rs 3 lakh has been earmarked in this year's university budget, will be set up in association with Henan University at Kaifeng in China. Founded in 1912, Henan University is one of the oldest universities in China. With six schools that cover Arts, Science, Engineering, Agriculture, Law and Medicine, Henan University is one of the prestigious and influential study centers in China.\"A proposal from the Henan University expressed interest in beginning a Chinese learning centre here. A team from China would visit us soon to finalize the formalities. A team from Kerala University will visit the Henan University after that,\" said Kerala University vice-chancellor A Jayakrishnan. \"Learning Chinese has timely relevance in the international scenario. As we are good in English, learning Chinese will give us an additional advantage as it will create more job opportunities and business opportunities,\" he said.The university hasn't taken a final decision on the location of the Chinese study centre and to which department it needs to be attached. Most probably, the centre will be set up in the Kariavattom campus.The study centre will be set up in association with Henan University at Kaifeng in China", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "12399463", "title": "Garhwa deed writer killed by criminals", "text": "GARHWA: A deed writer, who was shot at by unidentified criminals at Dhonti village in Garhwa on Friday, succumbed to injuries on way to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) Ranchi, police said on Saturday.Bhola Vishwakarma (48) had gone to the village for some work. As he reached the village on his motorcycle, he was cornered by three criminals. One of them fired at him but the bullet missed the target. The other bullet fired at him hit him on his back, sources said. The assailants fled to Chama village after the shooting. Villagers who rushed to the spot after hearing gunshots took the injured to Garhwa Sadar Hospital from where he was referred to the RIMS. But he died on the way.Police are yet to ascertain the reason behind the killing. \"Old rivalry might have been the reason behind the killing of the deed writer. Raid is on for the arrest of those criminals\", said Garhwa town police station in charge Ashok Sinha.The deed writers' association has condemned the murder. Abdul Karim Khan, the president of the association, said, \"The association will go on an indefinite pen down if the criminals involved in the killing are not arrested immediately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12398434", "title": "Snatchers shoot braveheart", "text": "KOLKATA: A 28-year-old youth was shot by a gang of snatchers while trying to help a woman they had robbed in a Baruipur locality on Saturday evening.Police say Paritosh Mondal took a bullet in the chest and is fighting for his life.The gang struck in a Champahati locality, around 7.30pm. Local resident Shankari Paul was riding pillion on a bike with her son when three men sped up on a fast bike and blocked their way at Palpara. One of the goons held a gun to her head as another snatched her gold chain. Paritosh was among a group of locals who heard the mother and son cry for help. The robbers saw the crowd gathering and started firing wildly as they escaped. Paritosh was hit and collapsed. All police stations have been alerted for the gunmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398423", "title": "Truck driver arrested for murder", "text": "PUNE: The Talegaon Dabhade police on Saturday arrested truck driver Salim Sande of Sangli for committing murder of another driver Bhimrao Madne of Sangli at Urse toll naka on Friday night.According to the police, Sande was driving a truck carrying scrap materials from Sangli to Mumbai, via Pune, and Madne was travelling with him. Sande stopped the truck at the toll naka after the truck's tyre was punctured.Sub-inspector Satish Hodgar said that Sande woke up Madne and urged him to help him replace the tyre, but Madne refused, saying he was feeling sleepy.In a fit of anger, Sande picked up a log of wood and hit Madne on the head, and Madne died instantly, Hodgar said.Sande called up the truck owner and police to tell that Madne had died due to a fall, but during interrogation he admitted to the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12401571", "title": "It\u2019s a 5-way race for Asom Gana Parishad chief\u2019s post", "text": "GUWAHATI: Senior leaders of leaders Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) are gearing up for its first-ever internal poll to decide who succeeds Chandra Mohan Patowary as the party chief. Sources said at least five leaders are going to contest the poll. The nomination forms will be issued on April 12 and candidates have to submit their details by April 16. The election, counting and result announcement will be held on April 20.A party insider said: \"The race is likely to be between Chandra Mohan Patowary, Prafulla Mahanta, Apurba Bhattacharjee, Keshav Mahanta and Hiten Goswami. Though we can't say who will win, there is a possibility of some added names from party's young batch popping up on the nomination day,\".Apurba Bhattacherjee, one of the party's young leaders, is among the first to confirm that he will be contesting. He told TOI that he will take up the challenge to lead the party if given a chance. \"I will take the responsibility if given a chance. The party needs a total overhaul and as a young leader I am ready for the challenges. With the blessing and guidance of party seniors, I will do all it takes to make AGP successful,\" he said.Hiten Goswami, general secretary of the party, played down the possibility of him joining the race. He said: \"It is not important who wins. The party must be revamped and it needs a cohesive response from all the leaders to make that happen.\"Earlier, Patowary told TOI that his nomination depends on the situation. Similarly, a close aide of Keshav Mahanta revealed that he would react to the need of the hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12397459", "title": "MP cold wave keeps city cool at less than 40\u00b0 Celcius", "text": "NAGPUR: Uncommon phenomena like cold and dust storms being reported in different parts of the country, will not make summer in city any different according to officials of regional met office.The northwesterly winds and western disturbances have brought about a cold wave condition even in Madhya Pradesh . It has kept the maximum temperature in the city under 40 degree Celsius. \"Steady rise in maximum temperature until it touches the 40-degree mark and a minimum temperature between 17 and 21 degrees Celsius is expected in the month,\" the officials said.\"The temperature will rise slightly in next few days. But the highest maximum temperature of the month may not go beyond 42, which is average maximum temperature for the month over the last ten years,\" said Vijay Barapatre, the regional meteorological centre director. He added that current season is still said to be pre-monsoon season, and being a period of transition between two seasons, some gradual changes are bound to be there. \"The city may have temperatures as high as 46 or 47 degree Celsius by end of May and first week of June,\" he added.On dust storms, cloudiness and fogs experienced in parts of Gujarat and other Northern cities, he said, \"Western disturbances are still on in the northern parts resulting in rain in Jammu and Kashmir. The northerly winds caused the dust to be blown from Rajasthan to other places in north. The absence of humidity made the matter worse.\"The uncertain wind conditions have also resulted in lowering of the temperature in many places, said Barapatre. \"There is a cold wave condition in many states including Madhya Pradesh. This has brought down the minimum temperature in many places like Gondia in North Vidarbha which has been experiencing lower temperatures than the other towns of the region,\" he said.Uncertainties in weather make one prone to various illnesses. TOI had carried a detailed graphic story on March 21 about the different diseases that could hit citizens during harsh summers.This year has already seen two cold waves in March, one in first week and the other which is currently prevailing. While a cold wave in the month is an unusual phenomenon in itself, two is all the more uncommon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399037", "title": "Point of departure", "text": "The prickly question of federalism was never settled in India's complex politics. The recent escalation in Centre-state confrontations over issues ranging from economic reforms to terrorism may just be a pointer towards a possible realignment of political forces in the country. Are we then looking at a second wave of federalism?In the 1990s the Mandal upsurge, while fracturing India's political structure, threw up fragmented yet powerful regional entities which transformed Indian Parliament's character. The emergence of regional stalwarts - Lalu Prasad, Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mayawati in north India - tipped the scales against the Congress which, till then, had been firmly in charge. Meanwhile, in the southern states of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu a strong anti-Congress sentiment had already been present for decades. These developments made complicated coalition politics a reality of Indian polity.The possible second wave of federalism unfolding today has regional parties asserting more than ever before. Regularly staring the Centre down, they are decisively marking out their territories of control. Under this mounting pressure the UPA has stalled key policies like FDI in retail, Lokayuktas , and now the controversial National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC). Besides territorial tensions, there's a deeper story of affront and condescension running through the uneven Centre-state relations. Delhi's durbari political culture, despite Mandalisation, still remains somewhat suspicious of regional forces. Time and again state leaders have expressed their anguish at being slighted by an overbearing Centre.In her recent media interviews, Mamata Banerjee spoke of her \"humiliation and hurt\" for repeatedly having to ask for a financial package to put Bengal back on its feet. And the Trinamool chief minister is not alone in feeling the pinch of insult. CMs of the forgotten northeastern states, too, have complained of being kept waiting in Delhi for days just for an audience with the Prime Minister. Recently, Orissa chief minister Naveen Patnaik complained that top UPA ministers were not heeding his calls on the Maoist abduction crisis. The Centre's blithe dismissal of federal aspirations as nothing but partisan gimmicks is hardly a balm on such wounded sentiments .Amid these contrary pulls and tensions , an alternative vision of governance is taking shape. The buzz about crystallisation of a federal front, with an eye on the 2014 general elections, is growing louder. Lending credibility to such speculation is the poor performance of the Congress and the BJP in the recent assembly elections and the regional parties' growing clout. Centre-state power relations may soon need to be renegotiated. \"India is a centralised federation. It needs to be more responsive to sub-regional identities,\" says professor Kamal Mitra Chenoy of Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU). Regional parties resent the \"virtual tyranny\"of the national parties, he adds.At the moment nothing seems to be going right for the two national parties which, so far, have functioned as coalition pivots, ranged at opposing ends of the political spectrum. The Congress-backed Third Front-led government of 1996, which had a turbulent 18-month stint in power, was a different kind of alliance. Could there be a 'regional front' in place of a 'third front' in the next general elections?If the recent assembly polls are a measure of the country's popular mood, the Congress and the BJP are walking on thin ice. And the reasons for voter disenchantment are not hard to find. Given people's disconnect with the two national parties, voters appear to rely on regional parties to fulfill their diverse aspirations. Pushed on the backfoot by big-ticket scams and poor political strategy, not to mention apparent arrogance, the ruling Congress has been hurtling from one crisis to another. Its principal rival, the BJP, too, is floundering . Recent episodes - a powerful B S Yeddyurappa raising the spectre of a fullblown rebellion against his own party in Karnataka, and the fiasco of backing NRI businessman Anshuman Sinha for a Rajya Sabha seat from Jharkhand - have hardly added to the BJP's credentials as a trustworthy alternative to the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397640", "title": "Endless Raju trial buries 'Satyam'", "text": "HYDERABAD: It took less than three years for scam-hit Satyam's new owners - the Mahindras - to bring the distressed company back on the track and kick-start its merger with its parent Tech Mahindra to create India's fifth largest IT giant, but the trial of its disgraced boss B Ramalinga Raju seems to be going nowhere.The trial of the Satyam scam that began in June 2010 is proceeding at a snail's pace with Raju's lawyers still cross-examining the prosecution's witnesses. The defence lawyers are presently cross-examining investigating officers, with two of them yet to be called to the court.\"The lawyers of the Satyam accused seem to be deliberately dragging their feet over cross-examination wasting precious time that could have been utilized to bring the perpetrators of India's largest corporate fraud to book,\" said lawyers tracking the case.They point out that though it took the public prosecutor a little over six months to finish examining the witnesses they produced, the defence has been cross-examining witnesses since June 2011.It is only after the defence completes cross-examination of prosecution's witnesses that the case moves to the next level where the defence will produce its witnesses. Public prosecutor K Surender has produced 226 witnesses in the multi-crore scam that is being tried in a special court in Hyderabad.What's more, sources involved with the investigation now say that the fourth chargesheet against the Satyam accused may never be filed as investigators have run into a dead end. What else could explain the fact that though the CBI, which had pegged the fraud at over Rs 14,000 crore, had said it would be filing a fourth chargesheet on funds diversion by Raju, it is yet to do so. The chargesheet on which the trial is on relates merely to falsification of accounts and inflating profits of Satyam.What also made matters even worse was the legal tussle between CBI and enforcement directorate (ED) that erupted over the jurisdiction of the case.Today, Raju, who is out on bail, is a free man along with the other 9 accused in the Satyam scam. In November 2011, after two years and eight months in jail, of which a good chunk was spent in the VIP comforts of a special room in NIMS, Raju was granted bail by the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12399015", "title": "'I have often wondered why we don't take a stand'", "text": "Nandita DasI often think why people hesitate to take political stands. Why being vocal on sociopolitical issues is seen as a danger to one's career, image and safety. Also, why being 'political' is seen as being partisan. One can just be concerned about the larger good of the people. I don't understand when people say \"I am apolitical \" . If one is a concerned citizen, how can one not be affected by things?The responsibility of those who have opportunities to be heard is probably greater as not everybody gets such platforms or is looked up by people. So if people who matter stood up for the right things, it would make a lot of difference in what people emulate and how people at large engage with issues of social concern. I have often been told that I am foolish or rather fool-hardy for speaking up too much! Some friends in the industry dismiss my taking stands or speaking out as they feel it is easier for me to do that. They perceive me to be more of an activist than an actor. They think it tougher for them as they need to think of how people will perceive them and that it can affect their mass appeal.Honestly speaking, it is more about convictions than courage. If one has genuine and deep convictions, courage automatically comes with it. Why only \"celebrities\" , I have asked a lot of other people about this. And there are few these days who feel passionately about things that don't directly matter to them. I am, of course, not being judgmental. I have met many amazing people, especially in smaller towns and villages, who feel strongly about issues and do something, in their own way, about it.But I do hope with all my heart that we will see more George Clooneys, Susan Sarandons, Sean Penn and Angelina Jolies amongst us, people who will use their star power to speak up about things that can make our lives better - people who are not only great artistes but also great role models.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398638", "title": "Firearm recovered in Kondhwa murder case", "text": "PUNE: The Kondhwa police have seized sharp weapons and a pistol from one of the alleged main assailants, Nadir Munir Sayyed, in the murder of Anwar Abdul Rahim Shaikh, a criminal on police record and a member of the gang of the late Feroz Bangali. Shaikh was shot dead near Jyoti restaurant at Kondhwa on March 13, allegedly to avenge the murder of gangster Wasim Rafique Shaikh alias Khada Wasim.Senior inspector Prasad Hasabnis of the Kondhwa police on Saturday said investigations have revealed that Sayyed had opened fire on Shaikh from a countrymade pistol. According to Hasabnis, the police have seized three sickles, a traditional Nepali knife, known as khukuri, a pistol and two motorcycles used in the crime, from Sayyed's possession.Sayyed, during custodial interrogation, told the police that he had procured the firearm from a person in Delhi, Hasabnis said. A police team will be sent to Delhi to conduct further probe.The eight suspects - Nadir Sayyed, Mohsin Shaikh, Imran Shaikh, Shahnawaz Shaikh, Atul Pawar, Khalid Sundke, Afzal Sayyed and Farman Saha - were produced before a magisterial court, following expiry of their police custody remand on Saturday.The ninth suspect Anwar Badruddin Shaikh, who was arrested on March 14, is in magisterial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401391", "title": "Debi Dutta to shake a leg!", "text": "Mumbai-based model-actress Debi Dutta has been roped in to perform the much-anticipated Poondhamalli... song in the upcoming Arun Vijaystarrer Thadaiyara Thaaka.The number, a fastpaced kuthu song, is currently being filmed in the city. A source says, \"This song is expected to be as big as Kalasala... as it marks the coming together of the veteran singer L R Easwari and Thaman, who worked on the previous superhit from Osthe.\"The source continues, \"A set resembling the famous Zam Bazaar has been erected and the crew is filming the number there.\"The song has two female lead dancers - Debi Dutta and another popular dancer from south cinema. The song is being filmed at night with about 50 dancers and more than 200 junior artists, it is said. Dance master Noble, who worked on the Telugu hit number Ringa Ringa..., is overseeing the song, while Sukumar of Mynaa fame is filming it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12401136", "title": "Hindi university will be functional soon: Minister", "text": "INDORE: State culture minister Lakshmikant Sharma said that the process of establishing Hindi University was almost over and it would soon become operational.Speaking at a book releasing function he said that consistent efforts were on for the development of Hindi language and literature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12401924", "title": "Naveen Patnaik convenes emergency meeting on hostage crisis", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the fate of a BJD MLA and two Italians, taken hostage by Maoists in Orissa emaining unknown, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Sunday held an emergency meeting with top officials to review the situation.The government has not yet received any demand from the Maoists for release of BJD MLA from Laxmipur, Jhina Hikaka, who was kidnapped near Toyaput in Koraput district yesterday, chief secretary B K Patnaik, who attended the meeting, said.No new names of mediators for talks to resolve the Italian hostage crisis was received from the ultras after suspension of negotiations yesterday after two of them quit, he said.The meeting was also attended by home secretary U N Behera and DGP Manmohan Praharaj.The talks for the release of two Italians, Puri-based tour operator Paolo Basusco and tourist Claudio Colangelo kidnapped from Kandhamal district on March 14, were suspended after Maoist negotiators B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty quit following the abduction of Hikaka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12403608", "title": "A Leviathan enters Kerala", "text": "Music giant enters the Kerala market with their soundtrack album for Prakash Bare's upcoming Ivan MegharoopanUniversal Music India has ventured into the Kerala market with their first-ever Malayalam movie album release for the film Ivan Megharoopan . The film captures the beauty of Kerala of the yesteryear evoking a pang of nostalgia which is accentuated by the scintillating poetry of ONV Kurup.The film is conceived as the eventful life journey of poet laureate KP Madhavan Nair, a character inspired by the life and works of one of the most popular and prolific poets of Malayalam - Mahakavi P Kunhiraman Nair. His poetic leanings were on display at a young age, when he took to his wandering ways to satiate an intense inner hunger in search of his muse - his poetic deity. Prakash Bare, producer, Ivan Megharoopan , said, \"We are fortunate and proud to have the cream of talents behind every department of our latest film project, the first ever Malayalam feature film based on the life journey of a poet in search of his muse. The music is by renowned music director Sharreth and lyrics by ONV Kurup and Kavalam Narayana Panicker.PK Prasannan, General Manager, Universal Music Group , said, \"Universal is happy that their re-entry in to Malayalam Music industry is with the songs from Ivan Megharoopan . This is an excellent combination of singers, lyricist and music director. Through its excellent network in 76 countries Universal will ensure that the music of the film will reach out all Malayalis in the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402539", "title": "Katie Price sues first husband Peter Andre", "text": "Model Katie Price, who divorced her second husband Alex Reid recently, has now started legal proceedings against her first husband Peter Andre over an alleged breach of confidence.The 33-year-old filed a complaint against Andre at Britain's High Court Friday, accusing him of misusing personal information about her. Price applied for an injunction against Andre, and also named her ex-manager Claire Powell in her official court documents, reports mirror.co.uk.\"Katie has been trying to reach an agreement but it hasn't happened amicably, so she has gone to the courts instead. She's frustrated, but she hopes that they can all reconcile their problems soon,\" said a source.Katie and Andre got married in 2005 and they have two children together. The duo divorced in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12400704", "title": "Play on Urdu poet Faiz Ahmed Faiz's life to be staged today", "text": "BHOPAL: A play 'Bol, Ke Lab Azaad Hai Tere' on the life and works of legendary Urdu poet Faiz Ahmed Faiz , will be staged at Bharat Bhawan in the city on Sunday.\"The play is based on Faiz and his life,\" said play's writer Parvez Ahmed.Faiz's classics became part of the pop culture through ghazal's sung by the likes of Noor Jahan, Mehdhi Hasan and Abida Parveen among others.The one-and-half-an-hour long play is directed by Lokendra Trivedi. Trivedi and two dozen cast members arrived in the city on Saturday. \"Some of the members are from the National School of Drama and form the same group, which performed the play early in Delhi last December,\" he added.The play would start at Bharat Bhawan on Sunday at 6.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nuzvid", "code": "12397514", "title": "Treasure hunt ends in free-for-all", "text": "NUZVID: Eight persons were injured after getting into a punch-up over the glitter of gold which they believed was buried at a spot in Hanumanthunigudem village. The village where the incident took about lies at a distance of about 8 kms from the Nuzvid.Although the clash took place on Friday, it only came to light on Saturday after police and revenue officials rushed to the village to ascertain the claims of buried treasure.It is learnt that four farmers apparently consulted a local astrologer that he may suggest a site on which to begin digging a bore well.Keeping with the way such things are done in the region, the astrologer advised G Venkata Rathnam, the landowner, to go around his field bearing a coconut on his head before digging at the exact spot where it fell off his head.However, the coconut split into two upon hitting the ground whereupon the astrologer predicted that there was hidden treasure underground.The four farmers decided to jointly dig for treasure after agreeing to share the booty.However, Venkata Rathnam took to digging the field without involving the remaining three since he felt he did not have to take on partners when the land belonged to him.Even as Venkata Rathnam secretly went to work digging for treasure for a couple of day, rumours began circulating in the village about him having found two boxes containing jewelry. Thereafter, on Friday, farmers, led by one Rajarao, and Elisamma, who had sold the 1.85 acre plot to Venkata Rathnam about a year back, arrived to stake a claim to the treasure.They requested him to give them at least 10% of the recovered booty.However, Venkata Rathnam denied that any treasure had been found unearthed. But no one was ready to buy that story and soon a clash had started between the two groups.At least eight persons, four from each group, were injured in the brawl.All the injured have been shifted to the government hospital at Nuzvid. Police has slapped cases against both the groups for disrupting the peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12397969", "title": "Case against yet another company for duping investors", "text": "JAIPUR: Cops have registered a case of cheating against a finance company for alledgedly duping lakhs of people by alluring them to invest in the share market.The complainant, identified as Mahesh, has lodged a case of cheating at the Bani Park police station stating that a company JM Finance Private Limited had allured him to invest in the share market. He had invested Rs 1 lakh and after three years the company returned him merely Rs 24,000.\"We have lodged a case and initiated investigations. As of now only one investor has approach us with his complaint. He has alleged that nearly 1 lakh people were cheated by the said company,\" said Bajrang Singh, assistant commissioner of police, Sadar, on Saturday. \"The victim claimed he was promised that his money would be trebled in three years,\" said a senior police officer.Police said prima facie it is not a case of cheating as the man had invested in the year 2007. \"From 2007 to 2010, the market was in poor condition that's why the victim did not get the promised returns. Despite that we are probing the claims of cheating,\" he added. Police added that the local office of the company was at Ganpati Plaza while its head office is in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12398049", "title": "'Double open spaces by linking natural assets'", "text": "MUMBAI: At a seminar on open spaces in Mumbai on Saturday, there was a call for the city to double its public spaces by integrating various natural assets and demanding that the BMC include these assets in the new Development Plan (DP).\"The subject of environment doesn't excite many in the city. It was only during Union environment minister Jairam Ramesh's tenure that steps were taken to strengthen the Environment Protection Act,\" said Valsa Nair-Singh, state principal secretary for environment, who spoke at the seminar hosted by the NGMA as part of the Open Mumbai exhibition, which is supported by The Times of India. \"One way of strengthening the act was charging builders an immediate 80% of construction costs for violations,\" she said. The seminar, organized by the Mumbai Waterfronts Centre (MWC) and architect PK Das, had other distinguished speakers, like Bittu Sahgal, editor-in-chief of Sanctuary magazine, Darryl D'Monte of the MWC, and Rishi Aggarwal of the Mangrove Society of India. Stressing the importance of the city's natural assets-like creeks, rivers, mangroves, beaches, saltpans, lakes, gardens playgrounds and the national park-Nair-Singh said the exhibition has brought into the public domain environmental aspects that were otherwise on the fringes of the DP.Das said, \"We need to double our open spaces and redefine land use and development. One method to double our open spaces is through integration of our natural assets. We insist that the DP department of the BMC include these natural assets during the revision of the DP plan in 2014.\"Sahgal said, \"We live in a country where our entire wildlife budget is less than that of the Bandra-Worli sea link. Climate change is going to cost us Rs 35,000 crore in infrastructural damage, which will lead to Rs 35,000 crore in environmental damage. Climate change will affect food production.\"D'Monte said, \"Mumbai's natural assets have been abused due to transport. We have turned our backs on rivers. Reclamation has constricted the exit of the Mithi River. The probability of heavy rains is due to climate change and we are ecologically illiterate of the tragedy unfolding in our city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12398369", "title": "\u2018Accidental\u2019 fires on the rise", "text": "PANAJI: Incidents of dry grass, forest or plantations catching fire have increased over the last few months.Data obtained from the fire and emergency services reveals that in January and February 2012, out of 444 fire calls received, 404 calls were about dry grass, forest or plantation \"accidentally\" catching fire.The fire fighters have saved property worth eight crore from fire in the first two months of 2012. Besides, a total of 38 lives were saved by fire personnel during the same period. Fire officials admit that calls about incidents of dry grass, forest or plantations catching fire have increased over the last few years. They suspect that this could either be due to rivalry, accident, insurance claims or done deliberately to carry out construction activity later.\"We don't know the exact cause as our duty is to control and put off the fire. The police register the case and conducts investigations,\" said a fire department official. Police officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, admit that such incidents have increased but they are neither able to catch the culprit nor able to ascertain the cause.The number of fire calls received by the department has also increased manifold. In 2011, it received 2,127 calls as compared to 1,347 calls in 2010. The fire department has saved property worth 79.93 crore and eight human lives from fire in 2011. In contrast, in 2010, about 78.21 crore was saved and one human life was saved from fire.Sources said that most of the calls pertaining to incidents of fire occurred due to dry grass, forest or plantations catching fire or electrical short circuits. When contacted, fire and emergency services director Ashok Menon said \"We have been training ourselves to improve the services. Fire fighting and rescue is our main job. We are now trying to improve the response time as it is the key to saving more lives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12398673", "title": "Anil Kumar takes over as District Magistrate", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Anil Kumar took over as the new district magistrate of Allahabad on Saturday. Speaking about his priorities, Kumar said thrust would be implementation of the policies of the government.Further, steps will be taken for maintaining the law and order, he added.Kumar said developmental works will be completed and action would be taken on the public complaints.Anil Kumar is an IAS officer of 1998 batch. He has served as the district magistrate of Meerut, Ballia, Basti and Aligarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12399570", "title": "Women from state bag 8 medals in weightlifting", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Three Odia women weightlifters, two of them from Berhampur, have begged eight gold and one silver medals in the ongoing South Asian Weightlifting Championship (SAWC) at Kathamandu. Tikian Gopal and Minati Sethi won three gold medals each in the 53 and 58 kg categories at the tournament that started on Friday. Similarly Sita Jena, another Odia weightlifter, grabbed two gold medals and silver in the 63 kg category.Tikina and Sita are from Berhampur, while Minati is from Puri. There are five women weightlifters from the country participating in the prestigious international event, said Narayan Sahu, vice-president of the Indian Weightlifting Federation (IWF). \"We are very proud for these three Odia weightlifters,\" said Ramesh Padhy, a weightlifting coach of the town.These three women along with Commonwealth gold medalist and Arjuna Award winner K Ravi Kumar will also participate in the Asian Senior Weightlifting Championship to be held in South Korea from April 22 to 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402278", "title": "Racha set to release on April 5", "text": "If the latest gossip on the Ram Charan- Tamannaah starrer is anything to go by, it looks like the film is on track and ready to hit the screens on April 5.It may be recalled that we had earlier reported that Ram Charan Tej suffered a muscle tear and he was advised to stay out of action for at least three to four weeks. However, a source close to the film unit revealed that the film is gearing up for a big release on April 5. The film's shooting is complete except for two songs and your guess as good as ours on how Ram Charan managed to complete filming for these despite his injury. Sampath Nandi has directed the film, while NV Prasad and Paras Jain have produced the film. Mani Sharma has composed the music. The film is also being dubbed in Tamil as \" Ragalai\" and it'll have a grand release in Tamil Nadu as well.Source: www.123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12397408", "title": "Rich brats target scooters for money", "text": "NAGPUR: Admiration for a particular brand of scooters and technical knowledge about it had once made him popular among the peers who would request him to repair small snags in two-wheelers.Mayur Vajrani, hailing from a sound family background, subsequently started using his self-taught expertise to allegedly steal a particular brand of scooter to amass cash for his other passions which included cricket betting, gambling, addiction to liquor and dating girlfriends.Police found three master-keys Vajrani used to steal the scooters parked at unmanned places. Vajrani, who had roped in his friends Pankaj Motwani and Akash Kewalramani for the purpose, mostly targeted neighbours' two-wheelers. The trio, in their twenties, has no criminal record.Seven stolen scooters were recovered following interrogation of the trio by head constable Sayyed Naseem, constables Umesh Khobragade, Nilesh Parote and Rajesh Dubey. Among the recovered ones, five scooters were stolen in Jaripatka and two from Sadar.Police said that the trio would initially steal scooterettes to mortgage them pretending to be their owner. They would take money on fake assurances that the mortgaged two-wheelers may be kept permanently if they failed to repay.Police said the trio later wanted to make more gains by disposing of the stolen scooters and was caught. Vajrani, said police, was nabbed red-handed with a stolen scooter as he was about to fix a deal to sale it off.Police said that frequent losses suffered in cricket betting, addiction and regular outings with girlfriends in branded hotels had made it necessary for the trio to 'earn' more and fast money which they did by stealing and selling the scooters off.Senior police inspector Balasaheb Deolkar said that more scooters are likely to be recovered. \"There are reports of eight scooters of a particular brand being stolen from Jaripatka but not all have been recovered so far,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12397558", "title": "Rail panel member's visit draws flak from activists", "text": "NASHIK: The whirlwind tour of Nashik Road railway station by Gautam Ghosh, a member of the passengers services committee, ministry of railways, to inspect passenger amenities, turned out to be a damp squib as the station was specially decked up for his visit and there was no proper interaction with passengers.Ghosh arrived at Nashik Road on Thursday and half of Friday was reserved in his itinerary for unspecified engagements. The only time he set out for inspection was at 4pm. In less than one-and-half-hours, the tour was completed; it included visiting the parcel area, ticket examiners, platform number one and two before retiring to Brahmagiri, the officers' resthouse at Nashik Road.The railway station was specially decked up to receive Ghosh. \"This grade A station falling in the Bhusawal division does not have a mechanized cleaning contract since 2009. Yet, mechanized cleaning machines were being run on both platforms at 5pm, which was a very unusual sight. The cleanliness staff apparently circled around Ghosh, who is of divisional railway manager (DRM) rank. The movement of unauthorized vendors and beggars was restricted for three days,\" observed a railway official, on the condition of anonymity.Upset with Ghosh for not finding time to meet passengers and their representatives despite his stay at Nashik, Manohar Patil, member, divisional railway advisory committee, claimed that Ghosh's priority was to visit a shrine. \"We were not invited, but we wanted to meet him. The officials told us that the morning half of his visit was reserved for a trip to Trimbakeshwar temple and the itinerary of his visit to the Nashik Road station had no scope for any meeting. We are skeptical as to what report they will take to the ministry,\" Patil said.NGO Rail Parishad also decried the closed-door meeting of the VIP visitor with railway officials. \"Obviously, a neat and clean station is what he must have seen. How can railway officials communicate to him what passengers urgently need here? Passengers need reservation counters in the city, beggar-free stations and more. If officials have complete knowledge of these problems, then was no need for the member to visit Nashik. Besides, he never went to Deolali or Odha (billed as an agrihub station and a model for the future),\" Bipin Gandhi, president, Rail Parishad said. When contacted, Ghosh declined to comment, saying that he was not authorized to speak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12402387", "title": "Big B nervous?", "text": "Yes, you read that right or so it seems as he recently tweeted on performing at the opening ceremony of the upcoming IPL series.He tweets: \"Asia Cup over soon and then IPL .. opening extravaganza in Chennai .. and yours truly a small part of it ...nervous as hell !!\"And as always, he got scores of good wishes from his fans to which a humbled actor replied: \"its just the opening ceremony ... a small appearance for the show ..\" We all know that the person himself is a living legend, yet he's so modest when it comes to speaking his heart out. While the players must be thrilled that they get to see the Badshah of Bollywood in person, the actor himself is excited about meeting players. He writes: \".. meeting all the Captains and teams will be such an honor ..seen all of them on Tv, now personally.\" Now that's how a down-to-earth star reacts isn't it?Even though he's a seasoned actor, a veteran, he's all for perfection. Preparations for the event are in full swing. The disciplined man that he is, is already on the move. He tweeted: \"April 3rd is the day for the opening .. preparing for it already .. getting back into the grind...Up at 6 am and in studio to record for opening gala of IPL in Chennai on April 3rd .. - Prasoon Joshi's poetry, Raju Singh's music, Wizcraft's event design, Captains of world cricket and the IPL .. humbled !!!\"Well, well Big B, can't wait to see you perform. All we can say is the audience and players are as excited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12397818", "title": "Government mulls release of aged prisoners", "text": "JAIPUR: For aged and ailing jail inmates who look at death as the only means of freedom, there is a ray of hope.The jail administration is planning to send a list of 177 inmates, including women aged 65 years or above and men 70 years and above, to an advisory board for mercy.The board after reviewing the list will send it to the state government.The administration's move comes after 80-year-old Pakistani virologist Dr Khalil Chishty's petition for mercy hogged the limelight.Chishty is lodged in Ajmer Central Jail.\"When Khalil Chishty's mercy petition came on the grounds of illness, we thought of several other prisoners who too are ailing and aged and are longing for freedom,\" said Omendra Bhardwaj, director general (Jail), Rajasthan, on Saturday.Explaining how the advisory panel will work, Bhardwaj said, \"It will comprise district magistrate, divisional commissioner, jail superintendent, concerned district SP, who will study the case of a particular inmate. They will judge him under various parameters-- medical condition, social acceptability, and if releasing the inmate is feasible for the police in the area to which he belongs.\"The officer said a medical board will examine the health condition of these inmates and will submit the medical report to the advisory board for perusal.Once the panel clears the name for release, the report will be sent to the state government which will take a final call on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397476", "title": "Two minor girls raped in east Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: In two separate cases, two minor girls have been allegedly raped in the trans-Yamuna area of east Delhi.A seven-year-old girl was raped by an unidentified person in Gokulpuri, northeast Delhi. The victim had gone to a shop when she went missing, sources said. Her parents found her later with bloodstained clothes. Police were informed and the girl was taken to Guru Tegh Bahadur Hospital. Rape was confirmed and a case registered.In another case, a 16 year-old-girl was abducted and raped by her neighbour in Gandhi Nagar. \"The accused took her to Haryana last year and raped her,\" said a cop. Her medical examination confirmed rape. The accused has been held", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12399492", "title": "First in state: IPS officer dismissed", "text": "RANCHI: The state government on Saturday dismissed senior IPS officer P S Natarajan for allegedly sexually exploiting a tribal woman.He is the first IPS officer to be dismissed after formation of Jharkhand in November 2000.The government issued Natarajan's dismissal order after it got approval from the Union government.Natarajan, a 1975-batch IPS officer, was caught on camera sexually exploiting Pratima Baraik (name changed) in 2005. Taking cognizance of the case, the government ordered his suspension in July 2005.Principal secretary to chief minister D K Tiwary said the state government had recently sent the proposal for dismissal of the IPS officer because of his involvement in sexual exploitation of a tribal woman. \"We have received the approval and he has been dismissed,\" said Tiwary.Acting on complaint of Baraik, police secured an arrest warrant against Natarajan who was then inspector-general (Ranchi). When he refused to appear before the designated authority in 2005, police seized his belongings from his Ranchi residence and subsequently filed charges in court. In 2006, Natarajan surrendered before the court and was granted bail by the Jharkhand high court on a surety of Rs 50,000. In his bail petition, Natarajan had claimed that the video tape was doctored.Baraik had claimed that Natarajan sexually exploited her assuring he would bring out the truth of her rape allegedly by another IPS officer Parvez Hayat, the then deputy inspector general of police of Palamu range. She had earlier alleged that Hayat had sexually exploited her promising her a police job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12397596", "title": "Cost escalation hits Jawaharnagar solid waste management project", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) is struggling to mobilise funds for the Integrated Solid Waste Management (ISWM) Project for scientific disposal of garbage, the project developer M/s Hyderabad Integrated MSW Ltd (earlier Ramky Enviro Engineers Ltd) has raised the project cost by Rs 74 crore.The project developer announced the commencement of its commercial operations at Jawaharnagar dumpyard last month but it is likely to take off after a public hearing that is due to be held on March 29. While the approved project cost of ISWM is Rs 434 crore, the project cost has been revised to Rs 508 crore.The revised Detailed Project Report (DPR) was submitted by the developer citing escalation in the rates as earlier estimates were made as per the rates prevailing in 2008-09. This escalation in the project cost will also affect the GHMC as it has to cough up its share in the project.Stung by this development, the GHMC wrote a letter to the project director of the Hyderabad Integrated MSW Ltd to clarify on the sudden escalation of the project cost in certain components. For instance, the developer proposed remodeling of the existing three transfer stations and upgrading of the road and revised the cost to Rs 84.26 crore from the earlier Rs 37.40 crore. Similarly, capping and reclamation of four sites was earlier proposed at Rs 51.22 crore which is revised to Rs 106 crore and ISWM complex development at Jawaharnagar was escalated from Rs 200 crore to Rs 214 crore.\"The revised DPR submitted by the project developer is based on the analysis of 2010-11 rates and as per market rates for some components which may be of newer technology. But there is no change in the scope of the work, project and methodology followed and components approved by the government,\" a senior official of the GHMC said.Official sources said the project developer revised the project cost to Rs 727 crore, far beyond the official cap of Rs 500 crore. Then the project cost was brought down to Rs 508 crore by removing certain components like waste-to-energy plan that would have cost Rs 180 crore and Sanitary Landfill and Common Facilities for Choutuppal, which would have involved an expenditure of another Rs 38.36 crore. The revised DPR has to be cleared by an independent engineer from the Environment Protection Training and Research Institute (EPTRI).GHMC officials are worried over the escalation in the project cost as it has to bear 50% of the project cost if the Centre does not release the amount.ISWM project was proposed by the municipal corporation in 2008 for disposal of garbage in a scientific manner. The project consists of storage and primary collection of garbage including street sweeping, transportation, capping and reclamation, compost facility and sanitary landfill and common facilities at Jawaharnagar and other dumpyards.A detailed project report was sent to the Centre through the GHMC's consultant M/s Senes Consultants India Pvt Ltd to obtain a Rs 470 crore grant for the scheme under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).Technical appraisal by the Centre pegged the project cost at Rs 434 crore. As per JNNURM norms, since the project was taken up under the Public Private Partnership model, the Centre is supposed to contribute 35% of the project cost, or Rs 152 crore, while the state government has to come up with 15%, about Rs 65.24 crore. The remaining 50% of the project cost has to be borne by the project developer.But the Centre could not approve the project in 2009 as the state government had already exhausted its quota of Central grant. The GHMC has again written to the Centre through state-level nodal agency AP Urban Finance and Infrastructure Development Corporation and is waiting for a reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12398746", "title": "BJP romps home in mayoral polls", "text": "HUBLI: BJP's Pandurang Patil has been elected mayor of Hubli-Dharwad while Bharati Patil has got the deputy mayor's post. The elections were held on Saturday amidst confusion and chaos.For both mayor Pandurang Patil and deputy mayor Bharati Patil, this is the second term in their respective positions. There were initially three nominations each for the post of mayor and deputy mayor. Pandurang Patil (BJP), Prakash Ghatage (Congress) and Rajanna Koravi (JD-S) had filed their nomination papers for Mayor's post while Bharati Patil (BJP), Pooja Panchakshari Hiremath (Cong) and Vijayalaxmi Lutimath (JD(S) had filed their papers for deputy mayor's post.Of them JD(S) candidates Rajanna Koravi and Vijayalaxmi Lutimath withdrew their papers paving way for the direct fight between BJP and Congress.The HDMC has 67 corporators and the strength has come down to 66 following death of BJP's Ashok Jadhav.While BJP at present has 35 members, Congress has 22 and JD(S) 9. There are 10 other members including MLAs, MLCs and MP eligible to cast their votes. Among the legislators, RDPR minister Jagadish Shettar, MLAs Chandrakant Bellad, Seema Masuti, Veerabhadrappa Halaharavi, MP Prahlad Joshi and MLC Mohan Limbikai exercised their franchise. Pandurang Patil polled 41 votes while Ghatage secured 21 votes. The JD(S) members abstained from voting.There was confusion over recording the preference of the corporators for the post of mayor and some members mentioned their preference wrongly in the register. Irked over this, Congress members walked out and boycotted deputy mayor's election.HC verdict awaitedWith only BJP members present for voting, Bharati Patil romped home with 41-0. However, her election is subject to the high court circuit bench's final verdict on the writ petition filed by Congress member Lalita Lokur. Lalita has challenged the change of reservation for the post of deputy mayor from ST (Woman) to OBC-B (Woman) and the final verdict is expected on April 12.Drinking water first priority: Mayor!Newly elected mayor Pandurang Patil said his immediate priority will be to provide basic facilities like drinking water and good sanitation to the people of the twin cities. Speaking to the media after being elected as mayor, Patil said the HDMC will work towards providing 24x7 water facility to the city. He sought the cooperation of the citizens in keeping the city clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12398422", "title": "143 held in 205 cases over 2 months", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have in special drive conducted in the city in the past two months arrested 143 criminals in 205 cases and recovered Rs 2.18 crore worth of valuables, commissioner J K Tripathy said on Saturday.The 880 sovereigns of gold jewels recovered, part of the total seizure, were displayed on a table under a 'shamiana' put up next to the control room. Personnel of the police stations concerned stood behind the display table and the place looked like a huge jewellery shop.Besides, 1.5 kg of silver articles, Rs 6.30 lakh in cash, four four-wheelers, five autorickshaws, 19 bikes, four mobiles, five laptops, three cameras and four wrist watches were seized.Of the 205 cases, 99 were chain snatchings in which 28 people were arrested in the west zone, 21 in the south zone, 18 in the east zone and two in the north zone. Police claimed to have solved 35 cases of dacoity by arresting 11 people in the west zone and 14 in the south zone. So far this year, at least 239 people were detained under the Goondas Act.Commissioner Tripathy conducted a mega grievance cell that was attended by nearly 858 police personnel. Some of them got their orders immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12399465", "title": "For some, it's a choice to live with dignity", "text": "KOLKATA: Madhurika Sanyal (76), has lived in New Delhi for the past 50 years, with her family. A few years ago, when her son decided to settle abroad with his wife at New Jersey, Madhurika was given a tough choice to make.She was asked to decide if she would go with him and settle down in the US, or continue to live here.\"My husband was in the Air Force and he passed away years ago. If I chose to stay back, I would have to live somewhere independently,\" she said. \"While my son asked me to go with him, I don't like the extreme cold of the US. Also, tell me, can one chat in the English language?\" she asks, laughing. \"One needs a certain kind of mental make-up to settle abroad at this age. I am happy living in an old age home. Adjustments have to be made everywhere,\" she said.\"The only regret is that my son and I are great friends, so if I like a film and feel like telling him about it, the regret is that ekhuni bola holo na,\" Sanyal says.For many elderly people, living in old age homes is not due to abuse and neglect, but a matter of choice.Not only do old age homes offer comfortable stay with all possible help, there is also security. Many get good pension and are not dependent on their children, and would prefer to live independent existence in the city where they have lived all their lives, instead of living in other countries where they are secluded from the rest of the extended family.With their children settled abroad or in other cities of the country, it is a matter of choice for many to live a secure life in a well furnished old age home that offers good food, comfort and security.Take the case of 88-year-old Bhupendra Chandra Das, a doctor who has practised in Kanpur for over 50 years, and is now living at Retreat in Salt Lake. He drives around in his own car, and is very active. He, along with his wife moved in to the old age home some years ago. \"My wife and I both live here. We don't have children and my wife is very finicky about little things. So it was difficult to have domestic helps around - no one would work for us. So we shifted to this old age home. Now, I treat patients in a free clinic run by the old age home, and sometimes even treat others living here,\" Das said.For 85-year-old Satyabrata Sarkar too, it was a matter of choice to live at an old age home, because he didn't like the extreme cold of Delhi where his only son lives. \"After my wife passed away, I used to be alone in our Ballygunge Circular Road flat. I couldn't leave the city because I had to sort out some issues related to my business,\" Sarkar says.\"Initially, my daughter-in-law was against my moving into an old age home because people always tend to blame daughters-in-law in such cases . My friends had mixed reactions and relatives were crestfallen. But I have no issues. There is bound to be mix of good and bad everywhere. And I have more or less adjusted here,\" said Sarkar. There are many his age living in furnished rooms around which look more like flats. There are balconies and many come together to share their evening cups of tea or coffee.According to Susmita Ghose, National Director (East and North) of HelpAge India, \"old age homes are increasing because the residents are able to pay. They are independent and love the association of their choice. There are agencies providing them with care and services together with security. In West Bengal the situation are very similar to the other states of our country . The senior citizens also find it more comfortable to stay at an old age home while their wards are off to greener pastures. In these homes, they also get peer group and security together with the services they need in the last phase of their lives,\" she said.Subrata Sanyal, who runs the old age home Retreat in Salt Lake , said that many elderly people decide to stay in old age homes by choice these days. \"Mostly because their children are doing well in their career, and live in other cities or abroad. When the parents become old, they are not willing to settle abroad. They too want their independence. And old age homes are much better than living alone in flats. Here they get security , and make friends with others their age. It is a mature way of choosing to live a life with dignity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12399197", "title": "Death in mishap leads to violence", "text": "VARANASI: An angry mob of locals set a police booth ablaze at Jalalabad crossing under Dullapur police station in Ghazipur district on Saturday after death of a youth in a road mishap. The police had to exercise hard for several hours to normalize the situation due to which the vehicular movement on Ghazipur-Azamgarh highway remained paralysed.According to reports, Dinanath Ram (34), a native of Uchava Prithvipur village under Mardah police station, along with Anil Rajbhar and Santosh Chuahan of his village was returning home on a motorcycle.When they reached near Jalalabad crossing, a speeding truck heading towards Azamgarh hit their motorcycle. They fell on road after which the lower part of Dinanath's body came under the wheels of same truck that fled from the scene after the incident. On seeing it the locals reported the matter to local police immediately.But, before the police could reach the incident site, Dinanath died on the spot. Angered by the incident, the mob attacked two policemen when they reached the incident site on a motorcycle after several minutes of the incident. Both the policemen somehow entered a bank building to save their lives but their motorcycle was damaged by the irate mob.Afterwards the angry mob of locals ransacked a police booth at Jalalabad crossing and also set it ablaze. The Dullahpur police tried to intervene but due to massive brick batting by the mob of locals they returned.After sometime heavy police force reached the incident site from many police stations of the district but failed to control the situation. Situation normalized there after SP Manoj Kumar reached there and assured the people of stern action in this episode. He ordered to send the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12399182", "title": "Why did Maya government drop online tender process?", "text": "LUCKNOW: After introducing the transparent e-procurement system in January 2008 aimed at cleaning up the tendering process, the Mayawati government quietly dropped the practice in 2010 without giving any reason. The transparent bidding process obviously didn't suit some people who could no longer dole out contracts to their favoured ones.The system was introduced with much fanfare after a Cabinet meeting where the virtues of the process were extolled. Ministers were told how Andhra Pradesh had saved Rs 2,000 crore between 2003 and 2006 by taking the e-procurement route. There were nay-sayers, but the Allahabad high court had ordered for online tendering and the World Bank would not have granted a development policy loan unless this was in place.But what began in 2008 as a pilot project in seven departments - including PWD, and family welfare, which has been plagued by the NRHM scam - and was later extended to four more departments in 2009, was wrapped up hurriedly in January 2010.The only trouble with the system was its transparency, which did not suit many.And the biggest critics of the system were two ministers, both now facing graft charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12397625", "title": "Mumbaikars cough up 2crore for spitting", "text": "MUMBAI: Virulent strains of tubercle bacillus (TB) are surfacing in the city, but that has not deterred Mumbaikars from an anti-social and disease-spreading habit: spitting in public. From July to December 2011, the civic body collected approximately Rs 2.24 crore in fines from citizens caught spitting. And the 1.1 lakh people fined during this period is not even the tip of the iceberg. Every day, thousands get away with it, say health officials, who are shouting themselves hoarse trying to get the message across that TB, which primarily affects the lungs, is spread via droplets released when an affected person coughs, sneezes and spits.The BMC does not categorize fines collected by the nature of the offence. Instead, data is collated under the amount of the fine-in this case Rs200. But a senior official from the solid waste management department told TOI that 70% of the offences in this category are for spitting. Thus, of the Rs 3.21 crore collected as 'Rs 200 fines' between July to December last year, approximately Rs 2.24 crore was for spitting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12399621", "title": "Brazil to learn maths, Eng from Malayalis", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Latin American political and literary legends have captivated the minds of Malayalis for years. Now, it's the turn of Malayalis to teach Brazilian kids the rudiments of Mathematics and English with the help of information communication technology (ICT) tools developed by Kerala's IT@School project.Come July, 100 fresh BEd graduates from Kerala, who were trained in teaching English and Mathematics using ICT tools, would fly to Brazil and guide class 1-6 students in Pernambuco state. Another 400-strong batch will leave for Brazil next year.It all began in February with the visit of a Brazilian delegation, which was impressed by the quality and teaching methodologies developed by IT@School. The team urged the education department to send 100 teachers trained in ICT tools to Brazil. However, the department turned down the demand and suggested that the delegation can recruit fresh graduates from BEd training colleges in the state and agreed to train them for one month.Following this, the Brazilians invited Kerala's general education secretary M Sivasankar and IT@School executive director K Anvar Sadath to their country for knowing the ground situation there.\"Our visit to Brazil was to understanding the status of education, level of children, status of schools, teachers and textbooks so as to ascertain whether the resources of IT@ School will be sufficient and the exact nature of training,\" Anvar said.An agreement on academic collaboration between Brazil and Kerala is expected to be signed during Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff's trip to India to attend the fourth BRICS summit, which begins on March 29.As per the preliminary discussion, teachers from Kerala would work at 40 schools in Pernambuco state.Unesco will be the nodal agency to coordinate the project in association with Federal University and ministry of education. The cost of training module development and training will be reimbursed to IT@ School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12398136", "title": "Central Information Commissioner feels Right To Information dying in Maharashtra", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shailesh Gandhi, India's feisty Central Information Commissioner and an early crusader for the Right To Information (RTI) Act, believes that the RTI Act in Maharashtra is being pushed into a coma from where it may not be able to recover.The post of Chief Information Commissioner lies vacant in Maharashtra, as do several other posts in the state information commission. Mumbai, Konkan and Pune do not have information commissioners. As of November, the pendency of cases in the state was over 22,000.\"There has been no replacement for Dr Suresh Joshi (six months), Ramanand Tiwari (over nine months), Naveen Kumar (six months) and Vijay Kuvalekar (over one month),\" said Gandhi.He believes that citizens across the country need to fight to ensure that this fundamental right is not put to sleep in Maharashtra.\"We were able to block the central government's attempts to weaken the Act. If we do not act now, Maharashtra will have shown the way to all governments to make the RTI Act history,\" Gandhi said.He believes that the appeals and communication from RTI applicants is probably not even looked at by the headless Maharashtra Information Commission.A few months ago, Gandhi wrote to Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan asking him to look into the issue, to which Chavan replied that he would keep the matter in mind.In addition to vacancies in the Maharashtra state information commission, Gandhi feels that the high pendency of cases has also to do with the fact that information commissioners are not delivering at an adequate pace to meet requirements. While Gandhi himself clears 5000 cases a year, he believes that most commissioners are adjudicating less than 50% of this.Times ViewThe RTI Act is among the most empowering legislations of recent times. It is, therefore, extremely worrying that the RTI system has got logjammed in a major state like Maharashtra within a few years of the law coming into effect. Clearly, unfilled posts of information commissioners would have had a role to play in this situation being created. Filling up those vacancies would help to that extent. However, there is also a need to review whether information officers who have stonewalled RTI queries have been dealt with too leniently. Stricter action including stiffer fines in such cases might reduce the burden on the appeals process. Perhaps reducing the dominance of ex-bureaucrats among information commissioners will help in this aspect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12397393", "title": "Friends, kin of killed activists join Hazare for strict law", "text": "NEW DELHi: Ashrita Tirkey identified her husband Lalit Mehta's body by his toes, two days after he was killed. The engineer-activist was murdered for investigating irregularities in works under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme. His face was smashed beyond recognition with a stone. \"He was an engineer but we started an NGO, Vikas Sahyog Kendra, to conduct social audits of government schemes. That's when he discovered the discrepancies,\" says Tirkey, who has come to the city to support Anna Hazare's fast at Jantar Mantar for a strict law to protect whistleblowers.At Sunday's event, many other bereaved activists, like Gir Nature Youth Club founder Bhagwandas Dhakan, will also be present. Dhakan's associate, RTI activist Amit Jethwa, was shot dead outside the Gujarat High Court in July 2010 for going to court over illegal mining in the reserve forest.\"RTI activists are threatened routinely, and we need a tough system in place for their protection. Unless people feel safe, they will not be motivated to speak up,\" says Dhakan. \"It's not just about Amit; it's a larger issue about the apathy towards protecting whistleblowers. All we're demanding at the fast is our basic right to safety\". For Vishram Laxman Dodiya, a roadside bookseller in Surat, it all started in 2002 when he sought information on electric lines installed by a power company after his neighbour got a connection using fake documents. In February 2010, he was hacked to death near his house, but his wife Jasuben continues to seek justice. \"We have been living without electricity for nearly a decade because my husband dared to fight against the company. But the accused have been let off; the case has been closed, and justice seems to be distant,\" she says. Life is tough for Jasuben and her son: he pulls a rickshaw while she stitches clothes to make ends meet.A teary-eyed Sughuna, who has come with her two-year-old daughter, narrates a similar tale of oppression. Her husband Sola Ranga Rao fought against the misuse of funds sanctioned for a drainage system in their Andhra village. In April 2010, \"He was beaten to death on his way home, but nobody has been arrested\". Rao, who had lost his left leg to polio, worked as a day labourer with his two brothers. \"They don't have money to spare for my kids and me, as they have their own families to take care of,\" says Sughuna, who gets by on Rs 60-70 a day as a farm labourer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "bhopal/ indore", "code": "12400939", "title": "Shehla murder case: BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan goes under lie-detector", "text": "BHOPAL/ INDORE: BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh, facing the heat in activist Shehla Masood's murder case, underwent a lie-detector (polygraph) test in New Delhi on Saturday.This was even as his lawyer moved the specially designated CBI court in Indore, claiming that the CBI was misleading the court about the earlier polygraph test that was claimed to have been done on Singh.\"I replied to all questions during the test,\" the MLA told TOI over phone soon after . \"I have faith in the God, myself and CBI,'' he added, declining to talk further.CBI sources said they had wanted to take his lie detector test in MP, but Singh, who is an MLA from Bhopal's central assembly segment, opted for Delhi at the eleventh hour.While he was under the polygraph in New Delhi, his lawyer filed an affidavit in the special CBI court on Saturday saying no such test was conducted on him earlier as the CBI claimed. He held that the investigating agency was misleading the court on this count.Singh's lawyer Pradeep Gupta told TOI : \"The CBI is misleading the court . No polygraphy test was conducted on him and the CBI has not submitted any report of any such test\". He maintained that the investigating agency was trying to defame his client.The affidavit said the CBI did intend to conduct polygraphy test on Singh, for which he had given his consent, and the court had told the agency to submit the test report. The CBI then instructed him to appear at their office at New Delhi on March 14 for the test, which he did, despite ill-health.After some preliminary procedures and formal questioning, he was informed that considering his ill-health, the test had to be deferred. CBI sources disclosed to TOI that the agency had to abandon the test midway, because the MLA's blood pressure shot up considerably and he reportedly started trembling when the sleuths began asking him certain questions.However, the CBI had made a categoric statement in the court that the test was indeed conducted on Singh, and that a second test will also be done at a future date.Singh's affidavit says CBI's submission to court was false . Caught unawares by this claim, the CBI, which was to seek permission for conducting another polygraphy test and also take the MLA's voice samples, asked the court for some more time to give its reply.When contacted, CBI spokesperson Dharni Mishra, said declined to comment on the confusion, since the issue was sub judice.Saqib Ali alias Danger, one of the accused in Shehla Masood killing, had reportedly told the investigators that the he rang up and told Singh about the murder, minutes after the activist was shot dead. CBI's advocate refused to comment on the Singh's claim and said a reply would be filed at next hearing.Meanwhile, Irfan-one of the accused in Shehla Masood killing recorded his statement under section 164 of CrPC before the court.He had expressed his desire to make a confessional statement and the court had given him 48 hours to think about it. On Saturday, Irfan recorded his two-hour long in-camera statement before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12401039", "title": "Herpes virus kills four black bucks in Kamla Nehru zoo", "text": "INDORE: In what is claimed as the first instance in the country, Herpes virus left four blackbucks dead and fully impacted the vision of 20 others in the Indore's Kamla Nehru Zoo.Zoo in-charge Dr Uttam Yadav said virus 'Herpes' has emerged as the reason during the course of primary investigation of the Mhow Veterinary College. Since it was the first time in the country when the virus hit black bucks, its impact was not yet known, he said.Dr Yadav said experts are working to minimize the impact of the virus, it is too early to comment on anything. Asked how virus affected the zoo and animals, he declined to comment on the issue.On Friday, zoo officials were heaving a sigh of relief when they noticed a little improvement in the ailing black bucks' condition.Dr Yadav said black bucks have shown a little improvement. But this improvement could not be termed significant, he said. About the treatment, he said the zoo officials are working hard and, if needed, other precautions would be also taken.He said the zoo officials are following the guidelines of Veterinary College, Mhow and Jabalpur. The zoo official found four black bucks dead in two days and another 20 black bucks infected on Tuesday during feeding. All the infected animals of the deer family were separated from the other lot. Of the 55 blackbucks in the zoo, 20 are suffering from the infection.About other black bucks, Dr Yadav said all the animals have been isolated and kept in separate enclosures to avoid spread of infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12398284", "title": "Coalgate: FM downplays CAG findings", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with a looming embarrassment over the disclosure of irregularities in the allocation of coal blocks, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Saturday sought to play down the findings of the auditor, asserting that his final report would spare the government.Speaking against the backdrop of Opposition's criticism and its demand for a CBI probe into what is being called \" Coalgate\", Mukherjee said that that the report scooped by TOI was preliminary and expressed confidence that the final version would not be harsh on the government. \" 90% of the observations are dropped after auditor gets a response from the ministry. That is the normal practice and it is going on for the last 150 years,\" he added.TOI on Thursday had published the details of the CAG report which said that government's failure to auction coal blocks may have resulted in windfall gains to the tune of Rs 10.7 lakh crore to power companies, some of them PSUs.Contrary to Mukherjee's assertion, however, the report in question now available on http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/ is not preliminary. It has been in works for last six months and takes into account the explanations of the Coal ministry. The draft was prepared after an \"exit\" meeting where Coal ministry officials got to put across their viewpoint in detail. Although another exit meeting was held after the draft was prepared, the findings in the draft report are of a stage after which a drastic overhaul of the report ceases to be a strong possibility.The auditor in its report details the process of the audit, which included close examination of the records of the Coal ministry, the Coal Controller's Office and Coal India and its subsidiaries between September and November 2011. It then observes that \"the entry conference with CIL and its subsidiaries was held on 16 September 2011 and with MoC on 13 October 2011 and the exit conference was held on 9 February 2012.\"The CAG report even has an \"acknowledgement\" which records the active cooperation and assistance provided by the Coal ministry, CIL and CCO, \"which facilitated the completion of this performance audit\".The FM's comments came two days after the PMO issued a similar statement, partially quoting from the CAG's letter that the latter's draft report was not final and was \"misleading\".Mukherjee said the CAG is a constitutional body created since the time of British rule and its job is to find faults with the government.\"I have repeatedly stated its (CAG's) job is to find out fault and not to praise the government and certify that government has done a good job. Why ..unneccessary... sensationalisation takes place,\" Mukherjee said.The FM did not find anything new in the CAG's findings. \"What is new if the irregularities are found out in the CAG report?\" he asked. These concerns are always addressed by Parliament, Mukherjee said, referring to the draft report published by TOI.Downplaying the significance of the report that created uproar in Parliament on Thursday leading to adjournments of both the Houses, the FM said: \"The fact of the matter is that it is not a report by itself. CAG is yet to finalise its report.\"The report, he said, will first go to the Public Accounts Committee (PAC), which will send its views to Parliament. He said, CAG \"himself explained in its letter to the Prime Minister that no further clarifications are required and needed\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12398431", "title": "Expert view, cost key to metro plan: Pawar", "text": "PUNE: Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar, while insisting on the immediate approval of the Pune metro rail project, said on Saturday that any decision on the project should be taken considering expert opinion and the cost involved. Pawar also said that he would personally take up the issue of the pending Pune Metropolitan Region Development Authority (PMRDA) with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.The NCP president was addressing the party's newly elected corporators. \"It is already late; the city is growing rapidly. The decision on metro should be taken after consultation with experts and considering the cost factor. Decision on implementation of monorail should be taken through a similar process,\" he said.Pawar's statement is significant given that city NCP leaders, led by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, want an underground metro system, but the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation report has suggested elevated metro as suitable for the city, considering the massive cost required for the underground system.\"It is the people's money that goes into public transport and they must get good transport services. Till the decisions on metro and monorail are being taken, we should concentrate on increasing the number of buses.Safe, adequate and affordable quality public transport is the citizens' right. In the last few years, new buses have not been introduced onto the city's roads, even as the traffic is multiplying,\" he said.\"I was informed that the issue of PMRDA has been pending for long. I will take up the matter with the chief minister. Pune is changing and growing fast and needs a planning body on the lines of the Mumbai metropolitan region development authority.Many fringe villages are slated to merge into city limits and the decision on a merger should be taken without delay,\" Pawar said.Pawar told the newly elected corporators, \"People have shown faith in the party by electing the highest number of corporators. Now it's time to deliver and prove that their choice is correct. There are many issues like water treatment that need to be solved on a priority basis; river pollution in Pune is affecting water in the Ujani dam in Solapur, which falls in my Lok Sabha constituency (Madha taluka). People there are suffering because of Pune's river pollution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12403032", "title": "Bellamkonda lands himself in yet another controversy", "text": "Producer Bellamkonda Suresh is turning out to be controversy's best friend. The latest one has him facing a legal notice after he announced that he is going to dub the Tamil film \"Vettai\" in Telugu as \"Bhale Tammudu\".The original producers of this film have released a legal notice that they haven't sold the dubbing or remake rights of this movie to anyone yet. Now buzz is that UTV group that produced \"Vettai\" in Tamil says they they would take legal action against anyone who claims to hold the rights of this movie as they are going to release the movie in Telugu themselves.Meanwhile, Bellamkonda Suresh claims that he does hold the movie's dubbing rights and that he has all the necessary paperwork to authenticate his claims.While, we are yet to see how this legal drama will pan out, the movie, \"Vettai\" starring Arya, Madhavan , Sameera Reddy and Amala Paul in the lead roles, has managed to make headlines again.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-25"}
