{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15382757", "title": "MPT has behaved irresponsibly: Alina Saldanha", "text": "PORVORIM: Minister for environment Alina Saldanha said on Monday that \"MPT has behaved irresponsibly and not adhered to conditions laid down by the state pollution control board and the high court\" and that it has \"repeatedly not fulfilled directions\".Referring to the issue of pollution in Vasco raised by local MLA Carlos Almeida, the minister said the pollution level there is \"very high\". She said she would visit the site along with the three local MLAs to ensure all measures \"are taken to reduce pollution levels\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15383965", "title": "Former CID chief calls for CBI investigation", "text": "MUMBAI: Asserting that the state CID investigation into the alleged frame-up of Salil Chaturvedi was bungled, former CID chief S P S Yadav called for a CBI probe.\"I headed this investigation from the beginning and I am surprised to see how, after me, CID officials botched it up,\" Yadav, who retired last year, told TOI. \"The investigation should be handed over to an independent agency like CBI. There are so many elements to this case that, if probed properly, several police officials will go behind bars.\"Yadav said he was upset at the CID's decision to file the chargesheet only under IPC sections. Also, he felt surprised that only two cops were named in the chargesheet.\"Why was no action initiated against former CID investigating officer S Navghe despite my writing letters to the director general of police and the home department that he went on leave for two years without giving notice?\" said Yadav.According to sources, Navghe complained that he was under pressure from a senior police officer to go slow in the Chaturvedi probe. In 2009, he told Yadav that there was a threat to him and thus he could not handle the investigation. Thereafter, he went \"missing\". After a while, he informed that he was on leave on medical grounds. The CID then asked him to appear before the medical board, which found him fit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382500", "title": "Meteor showers set to light up sky on Aug 13", "text": "CHENNAI: Keep a pot of piping hot black coffee handy on the midnight of August 13 if you don't want to snooze off when brilliant sparks of meteors streak past the sky.This particular light show, Perseids meteor shower, is made of a stream of particles left behind by the giant Swift-Tuttle comet. \"With the meteor shower peaking on the night of August 13, one can expect around 60 light streaks per hour,\" said executive director of Tamil Nadu Science and Technology Centre P Iyamperumal. \"Our universe is divided into 88 constellations, one of them is Perseus. This meteor shower originates from here and hence the name,\" said Iyamperumal. The shower, an annual event, will be visible to bare eyes.Comets are made of ice, rock and dust particles. When the comets zip past the Earth, the particles are swayed by the planet's gravity and enter the atmosphere at a speed of around one lakh kilometer per second. \"The friction between the particles and the air molecules causes it to burn,\" said Iyamperumal.Some of them may hit the Earth's surface, but will be peanut-sized. Around one lakh tonnes of such debris fall on the Earth every year, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15382889", "title": "CM to meet party youth on first day of every month", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party state president and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday decided to meet the members of SP youth brigade on the first day of every month. Addressing a gathering on the third and last day of state executive meeting, Yadav reiterated the ambition of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav to be at the helm of affairs in the Centre's politics after 2014 Lok Sabha elections.Akhilesh apprehended that a lobby was working overtime to malign the image of the state government. \"We have won a big battle after winning assembly elections. So the enemies are big,\" he said. He, however, did not specified as to who -- party workers or the opposition -- was denting the image of SP-ruled state government.Referring to some of the decisions his government took back, Akhilesh said that it was because the state government believed in democracy.He exhorted the youth brigade to ensure the people get the 'right picture' of the government functioning. He maintained that the state government, in the last four months, has been able to adhere to some of the poll promises it made to UPites during assembly elections.Lucknow: Samajwadi Party state president and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday decided to meet the members of SP youth brigade on the first day of every month. Addressing a gathering on the third and last day of state executive meeting, Yadav reiterated the ambition of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav to be at the helm of affairs in the Centre's politics after 2014 Lok Sabha elections.Akhilesh apprehended that a lobby was working overtime to malign the image of the state government. \"We have won a big battle after winning assembly elections. So the enemies are big,\" he said. He, however, did not specified as to who -- party workers or the opposition -- was denting the image of SP-ruled state government.Referring to some of the decisions his government took back, Akhilesh said that it was because the state government believed in democracy.He exhorted the youth brigade to ensure the people get the 'right picture' of the government functioning. He maintained that the state government, in the last four months, has been able to adhere to some of the poll promises it made to UPites during assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385799", "title": "Astra introduces DaVinci Resolve", "text": "Tathagata Bhattacharya's next flick, \"Astra\", is on its way to scoring a first. It will be the first film in eastern India to have introduced DaVinci Resolve \u2014 the latest colour grading software to have arrived in the country.The action film, which revolves around a gangster who falls in love with a journalist, is slated to release in September. The film stars an ensemble cast of Soumitra Chatterjee, Joy Mukherjee, Samapika, Deepankar De, Rajesh Shrama, Biplab Chatterjee, Shankar Chakraborty, Sudeshna Chakraborty and Ashoke Viswanathan. This is Tathagata's third film after \" Antarghaat \" and \"Seven Days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381591", "title": "Team to trace Tass tigress", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though the satellite monitoring of the Tass tigress is over, a team led by wildlife biologist Vidya Athreya will monitor the radio-collared tigress from Tuesday.The tigress, which is presently somewhere in Brahmapuri forest division, was rescued on October 13, 2011, from an open canal well adjoining Tass forest in Bhiwapur. It was released in its original habitat on November 27.Principal chief wildlife warden (wildlife) SWH Naqvi said the collar fitted to the tigress has two parts - GPS and VHF (very high frequency) device which is traceable from a distance of 1km-5km. The GPS used to give readings every two hours but now it won't.Naqvi said Athreya will monitor the tigress with the help of VHF device and will try to locate her position and submit a report.The radio-collar was fitted by Athreya and wildlife veterinarian Dr Aniruddha Belsare from Pune. A comprehensive report on the movement of the tigress has already been published by the TOI recently.Athreya said it will be difficult to trace the tigress with the VHF device.\"It will depend on the landscape where the tigress is. The VHF is still there but it will not give an accurate result as GPS. By the time you move to a spot where the animal is, it may move ahead,\" Athreya said.She added that as the tigress is moving in a non-protected area, it is very risky to monitor through VHF. Athreya is accompanied by three students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "15383234", "title": "Jasmeet Kaur Kukreja\u2019s mantra: Fine teacher and not fancy exercise studios", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: At 50, Jasmeet Kaur Kukreja is trying to challenge her mind and muscles with a baffling yoga pose at her Sarabha Nagar home.\"It's a variation of Vashishtasana that requires your top leg to be raised and hamstrings to be flexible. It may hurt a little,\" Jasmeet's yoga master Dr H S Aulakh tells her.\"Don't worry sir. Go on,\" she replies, teeming with buoyancy as she completes the pose with consummate ease.The pose is an advanced variation of side plank known as \"Vasisthasana\" or \"split sage\" because it requires a lot of strength and power.It is often practiced when the body is vigorous and the mind eager.Jasmeet, a singer and writer, has for the past 10 years looked at yoga as a panacea to channelize her focus and attention towards writing her songs and books.\"I want to bust the myth that one needs to spend a lot of money to join the fancy yoga studios which most women are running to. Yoga is an inexpensive hobby and anyone can do it with a fine teacher. No opulence or money is required,\" she says.With the help of yoga, Jasmeet convalesced her retention power and discovered peace and ease in following her late life pursuits.From releasing a rendition of her soulful Sikh verses and penning a collection of short stories to live concerts and a TV programme, many an activity is keeping her busy these days. And she has also discovered a new interest \u2014 Sufi music.Having found interest in Sufi music, she says, \"I wanted to make a spiritual progress in my life. Too many convivial women meetings had really sapped me. I'm out of most of them,\" she points out.Even her food platter has changed. Despite a family-owned popular bakery shop in Sarabha Nagar, she has turned to lacto-vegetarian diet, which yoga gurus recommend as the most suitable for \"building health and stable frame of mind\".And so, meat and poultry have been replaced by legumes, peas, beans and lentils.\"I had turned vegetarian a long time ago. In fact, now it's just organic food. This is a yogi's diet,\" she adds.Stressing that yoga has helped her fine tune her interests in life, she says, \"Wait till you see the new Sufi CD,\" while pointing out the lyrics she has penned herself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15382913", "title": "Kullu farmers fight hostile weather with pomegranate", "text": "MANALI: Having failed to reap required results from traditional fruits, orchardists in Kullu are now preparing for the future by planting pomegranate trees, which are least affected by severe weather changes and furies like hailstorms. Pomegranate has already beaten apple in the lower belt of Kullu district as with rapid rise in temperature apple orchards are fast disappearing from the lower fruit belt.With the horticulture department also promoting pomegranate cultivation, farmers are already reaping handsome returns. A bigha of land is earning Rs 1.5 to Rs 2 lakh for growers. High market price for pomegranate has influenced many farmers to replace even their vegetable fields by pomegranate trees. Those disappointed by irrigation problems and low fruit production too have turned to pomegranate cultivation.Sainj valley, Bhuntar, Bajaura, Banjar valley and land below Katrain village are leading the pomegranate transformation. Over 550 hectare of land in Kullu has been covered under pomegranate plantation. The horticulture department has introduced many varieties in the district while experiments are continued to yield more fruit from less land. Sanath Kumar, a resident of Bajaura, had taken up pomegranate cultivation in 2006 and now his friends and relatives are also taking lessons from him on its production. \"I sold pomegranates for Rs 2.5 lakh last year and the figure is likely to go up this year,\" he said.Pomegranate cultivation is now slowly moving towards Manali. As an experiment, hundreds of horticulturists have grown several varieties in their fields and between the apple orchards. Chuni Lal, a farmer from Haripur village near Manali, said he had planted 50 saplings of pomegranate to see whether they would produce fruit or not. He adds, \"I have got a bumper crop this year just four years after plantation. In contrast, an apple tree gives fruit after 10 years.\"According to horticulture department deputy director B C Rana, they had been promoting cultivation of pomegranate in lower areas of Kullu where temperature was favorable for its production. \"Several varieties including Sindhuri, Kandhari, Hansi and Mridula have been introduced in Kullu and growers are having good profit selling their produce,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382704", "title": "Doctors' demands may be fulfilled partially", "text": "BANGALORE: The government appears to have taken note of the threat from government hospital doctors, who put in their papers to protest the alleged indifference to their demands.Health and family welfare minister Aravind Limbavali said he is confident of resolving the issues by meeting a part of the fraternity's key demands at the joint talks scheduled to be convened by CM Jagadish Shettar on Thursday.Limbavali said the doctors should give the government adequate time to address their issues, keeping in view financial constraints and pitiable conditions of rural healthcare.Sources said the government is seriously thinking of handing over 10 district hospitals -- Mandya, Shimoga, Hassan, Belgaum, Raichur, Bijapur, Kolar, Mangalore, Mysore and Bidar -- from the medical education department to that of health and family welfare. \"Though these hospitals were under the health department earlier, their transfer to the medical education department has deprived doctors of promotion opportunities,\" they said.In case the proposed meeting with the CM fails to cut ice, several district hospitals will be at the risk of losing up to 70% of their staff.On Saturday, about 3,000 members of Karnataka Government Medical Officers' Association (KGMOA) and the Karnataka chapter of the Ayush Federation of India (AFI) had handed in their resignation letters, pressing for their various demands. However, the agitating doctors are continuing to work till the meeting with the CM.While the KGMOA is seeking handing over of 10 district hospitals from the medical education department to the department of health and family welfare, Ayush practitioners want the government to allow them to prescribe allopathic medicines during emergencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15382348", "title": "Telecom officials should monitor radiation from mobile phone towers", "text": "Ensuring the quality of a call can't be more important than averting the risk of cancer and other deadly ailments. The telecom authorities should regularly monitor radiation from mobile phone towers. Harsh penalties should be imposed on operators who flout the norms to improve their profit margins.Related story : Tower of doom in your compound", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383405", "title": "Suicide: Cops in no hurry to question Kanda", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after former airhostess Geetika Sharma killed herself at her Ashok Vihar house, investigators betrayed no urgency to question former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda, who is accused of abetting the suicide.On Monday evening, police summoned Aruna Chaddha, an employee of Kanda's MDLR Group, who is also named in the suicide note and the FIR. A senior police officer said Chaddha and MDLR Group's legal adviser Ankit Ahluwalia, who allegedly called Geetika while she was in Mumbai, were asked to join investigations on Tuesday, and Kanda would be questioned after police had gathered sufficient evidence.On Monday, police seized Geetika's iPhone , laptop and photographs from her house.They are analysing her call details and have reportedly sought access to her email inbox to find out whether she was in touch with Kanda, and the nature of their communication.Police sources said although Geetika last spoke to her cousin Gaurav Sharma, going by circumstantial evidence and her family's statements a call from Kanda on Saturday night was the trigger for her suicide. Geetika's mother has alleged in the FIR that Kanda threatened her with implicating the family in a false case if Geetika did not join his company and sign some papers at the earliest . The family claimed Geetika , too, received a call from Kanda's representative around 8pm that evening for the same reason.Two days before she killed herself, Geetika had gone to Mumbai to be with her brother who was presenting his designs at a fashion show. She came to know about Aruna Chaddha's call to her mother after returning on Saturday morning.Geetika's mother Anuradha , who works as an accountant with the ministry of finance, claimed she called up Kanda from her mobile phone on Saturday night, but he did not answer. He allegedly called her later and insisted that Geetika would have to come to his office to sign the papers. The family discussed his demand and Geetika became depressed. Sources said she went to her room and asked to be left alone. Around 1.30am, her father saw her awake with books at her side. She was found hanging in her room in the morning.In the FIR (TOI has a copy), Anuradha has stated that Kanda had provided Geetika a table in his wife's cabin and often came to see her even though his office was on the second floor. Another table in the cabin that was meant for Kanda's wife was used by Aruna Chaddha.Police are now examining all these angles and DCP northwest P Karunakaran is handling the investigation himself. The NCW has also taken cognizance of the case and a three-member committee will carry out a probe, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15383945", "title": "Constable\u2019s flip-flop hints at manipulation in Provogue case", "text": "MUMBAI: The constable left out of the state CID's chargesheet in the frame-up case of Provogue deputy managing director Salil Chaturvedi had ostensibly admitted before the department that he \"planted vials of cocaine in the businessman's flat at the behest of senior officers\". But months later, in a volte-face, he told a court that he was \"abducted by state CID officers\" who recorded his statement under duress.Constable Ashok Bhosle was named in an FIR filed in January 2010\u2014along with senior inspector Madhukar Gatade and inspector Subhash Kenjale\u2014for allegedly trying to set up Chaturvedi. However, the chargesheet in the case, filed last week, names just Gatade and Kenjale. It says that investigating officer Kenjale did not sample, seal or label the goods seized from Chaturvedi's home at the spot, as is mandatory. Also, the seals were found tampered with. Despite knowing of the tampering, Gatade allegedly signed the panchnama documents, stating them to be correct.The chargesheet makes no mention of the source of the drugs the police claimed were found at Chaturvedi's Lokhandwala home. It does, however, say that on the day of the search, August 2, 2005, Bhosle went into the bathroom and came out claiming to have found three grams of cocaine. \"Bhosle and others gave false testimony that cocaine was found, made false panchnama, fabricated the panchnama...with the intention to ensure a conviction,\" states the chargesheet.Bhosle had initally told the CID that he planted cocaine in Chaturvedi's home. But in 2010, he filed a private complaint with a Mulund court, stating that he was, in fact, picked by CID officers and his statement was extracted under duress.Nevertheless, the absence of Bhosle's name from the chargesheet made many question the CID probe. \"I am surprised that Bhosle, who is said to be the key man behind the supposed seizure of drugs, has been given a clean chit,\" said a high-ranking officer. \"I wonder if this is being done to protect a senior police officer.\"Chaturvedi's lawyer Rizwan Merchant said, \"Our contention is that if the drugs found from Chaturvedi's house did not belong to Chaturvedi, then how did they come in? This question should have been answered by constable Bhosle.\"Questions were also raised over the dropping of charges under the Narcotic Drugs and Pyschotrophic Substance (NDPS) Act. The FIR against Bhosle, Gatade and Kenjale included IPC sections 166, 167, 193, 199, 200 203 and 219 as well as sections of NDPS Act. The chargesheet, however, invokes just several IPC sections. The decision of the CID investigating officer, Manoj Mhatre, to not seek Gatade and Kenjale's police custody also raised eyebrows. \"As our investigations are almost complete and there is nothing to recover from the two accused, who are government officers and have cooperated in the investigations, we don't have any objection even if they are granted bail,\" Mhatre said in the affidavit filed last Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385806", "title": "Preparation for Suvarna Mahotsava in full swing now", "text": "The preparations for the mega event of Superstar Shivaraj Kumar's Suvarna Mahothsava is in full swing now. Organisers are finding it extremely difficult to accommodate the large scale of fans and film industry personalities to get an invitation to watch it live.KP Srikanth, President of All Karnataka Shivaraj Kumar Fans Association, MS Ramesh, President of Kannada Film Director's Association along with Narayana, Bhaskar, Yogish Hunasur and other celebrated film personalities have been burning midnight oil to see that every thing goes on smoothly.Srikanth says that it has been sleepless nights for him for the past one week, but he is energised mainly because he is personally seeing the way Shivanna is being idolised by his large number of fans.\"We are trying to accommodate film personalities request. But we are rationing their requests. Our hands are tied\" says Srikanth.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15383313", "title": "Sidhwan tragedy: No sign of missing Rajanpartap Singh", "text": "LUDHIANA: As anxious relatives gathered on the banks of Sidhwan Canal and divers searched for him through the day, there was no sign of 26-year-old Rajanpartap Singh till late Monday evening. The Model Town Extension resident had gone missing after the car he was travelling in fell into the canal on Sunday evening. There were four others persons in the vehicle. They were rescued.Talking to TOI, SHO of Haibowal Satinder Singh said the rescue operation was in progress and 11 divers were trying to trace Rajanpartap, but to no avail. \"A net has been thrown in the canal towards Essewal village and the water level in has been lowered to aid the search,\" he added. The operation would continue on Tuesday, the SHO said.For Rajanpartap's family, it was a miserable day following the nightmarish Sunday evening. Even as police conducted its search, the missing man's relatives and friends joined the rescue efforts. Though improper lighting hampered the activity, Rajanpartap's kin continued relentlessly to find him.His uncle Parminder Singh said they had lost count of the miles they had covered looking for him. \"Apart from the family, there were many friends who continued to search for Rajanpartap throughout the day in their vehicles. Though police are cooperating with us, there isn't enough light here,\" he added.Parminder alleged that though they had sought irrigation department's help in arranging divers, the response was rather lethargic. \"After we could not find him till the morning, we requested officials to stop the water in the Sidhwan so that we could trace him,\" he said.Rajanpartap has two sisters and is part of the family's motor parts business in Model Town. Parminder said, \"His father Charanpal Singh, mother and sisters are in a terrible state. After completing his education, Rajanpartap joined his family business and was dedicated towards work,\" the teary-eyed uncle said.Meanwhile, the condition of Kitchlu Nagar resident Sukhmani Singh and his fiancee Dugri resident Silky, who were rescued but said to be critical till Sunday night, was reported stable and out of danger. Sukhmani, whose car the five were travelling in, is admitted in DMCH. His cousin Gursimran Singh said, \"Water had entered into Sukhmani's lungs and he was initially admitted in the emergency ward. It's only later that he was shifted to the ward.\" Silky was admitted in Ludhiana Mediway Hospital.Gursimran said Sukhmani had told them that he was driving along the canal when he spotted a speeding car coming from the opposite direction. To ensure their safety, Sukhmani apparently moved onto the un-metalled part of the road. \"He says he lost control of the vehicle after which it slipped into the canal,\" Gursimran added.The two others who were in the car, Jashandeep Singh and Inderpreet Kaur, were stable and said to be at their respective homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385630", "title": "Trailer of Osama Bin Laden manhunt film debuts", "text": "The first trailer of an highly-anticipated film about the CIA's mission to capture and kill Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , has been unveiled.The trailer for Kathryn Bigelow's Zero Dark Thirty gives viewers the first glimpse of her controversial movie about the Navy SEAL operation carried out in May 2011 in Pakistan .The film, which stars Joel Edgerton , Jessica Chastain and Mark Strong , was due to hit US cinemas in October, before the US Presidential election, but has now been shifted to December, The Daily Telegraph reports.According to the report, the trailer is quite claustrophobic and offers little in the way of detail and plays up the secrecy with cryptic snatches of footage and heavy black lines that redact parts of the imagery.\"Oh my God, is that I what I think it is?\" asks one character, but viewers can't see what she's looking at, while another shouts repeatedly: \"Where is the last time you saw Bin Laden?\"The movie is Bigelow's follow-up to her Oscar-winning Hurt Locker, and has come under fire from conservatives in the US.According to Republicans, the director was given access to classified files about the mission and that she in turn has made a propaganda film for Barack Obama .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382480", "title": "Ex-Naco worker to get Rs 4L for 'unjust' sacking", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has directed the Centre to pay over Rs 4 lakh to a man for \"unjustifiably\" terminating his contractual employment with the National AIDS Control Organisation (Naco).The order came on a plea by Dipak Kumar Saha, seeking the court order to declare the termination of his services with Naco by the Centre as 'illegal' and also seeking damages of Rs 3,81,334 and unliquidated damages. Additional District Judge Nivedita Anil Sharma asked the Centre to pay Rs 3.81 lakh to Saha as his remuneration which he was not paid from April 8, 2009 to August 31, 2009.Besides this, the court also asked the government to pay Rs 25,000 as \"special unliquidated damages\".Saha, in his petition, said he had joined as programme officer in Naco from September 1, 2008 at Rs 80,000 per month. After several discrepancies with his salary, in March 2009, he was informed he has been removed from the services with effect from April 7, 2009. When he spoke to the secretary and DG about it, his services were extended for two months till April 20, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15383349", "title": "A road fraught with trouble", "text": "LUDHIANA: Flowing through the heart of the city, the Sidhwan Canal brings nothing but an open invite for trouble for city residents.The bumpy road leading to South City alongside the Sidhwan Canal with no road curbs is a cause for serious concern and lack of interest on part of the concerned authorities has turned the reservoir into a site for accidents and frequent traffic jams. Sunday's incident, where a car slipped into the Sidhwan Canal near South City, has once again opened unhealed wounds and highlighted the severity of the problem \u2014 and the agony of the residents.Balwinder Singh, 44, a resident of Country Homes, says, \"Monday's incident reminded me of the horror I faced in January, when on my way back home my car fell in to the canal.\" He adds, \"God was kind to me as I was able to escape alive. Thankfully, the water in canal was also less and I could swim out easily.\" Sunday's incident brought the unpleasant memories rushing back to his mind, adds Balwinder.Ranjodh Singh, 42, a resident of Pushp Vihar, says, \"Lack of sincerity or interest of authorities has turned the canal into a site for traffic jams and accidents, and a den for anti-socials. Despite several requests, the authorities have turned a blind eye regarding the matter of our safety.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382428", "title": "State tells Centre to expedite creation of Ranthambore - Kailadevi corridor", "text": "JAIPUR: Keen to ensure ample space for the fast multiplying tigers of Ranthambore National Park, the state government has recently sent a reminder to the Centre seeking funds for the proposed corridor between Ranthambore and the adjoining Kailadevi National Park.According to sources, tourism minister Bina Kak recently wrote to the Centre seeking completion of the proposed tiger corridor soon. The creation of the corridor will give much more space to the tigers of Ranthambore for creating a territory for themselves.Spread over 674 sq km, Kailadevi was part of the 'buffer zone' of the Ranthambore reserve till it was included in the critical tiger habitat (CTH). The sanctuary is characterized by its wildlife, but also has several settlements of people. An open stretch of about 4 km separates this sanctuary from the Ranthambore park where the corridor is supposed to be created.\"I had written to Congress president Sonia Gandhi for the project. Recently I got a call and I spoke to her on the phone. She has assured me that it will be taken up soon. The corridor will give 130 sq km of space for tigers at Sawai Man Singh sanctuary and an extra 600 sq km in Kaildadevi. Together, there will be 300 sq km of forests for tigers,\" said Kak.\"The objective behind the project is to improve the connectivity between RNP and Kailadevi, thereby facilitating movement of the growing tiger population,\" added Kak. She has shown special interest in this regard by personally visiting the area to review the feasibility prospects.However, there are 23 villages in this stretch which need to be relocated. \"A total of Rs 240 crore would be needed. We will do the relocation in phases. In the first phase, villages inside the forest will be removed and next it will be those along the corridor. However, only those villagers who are willing to be relocated will be shifted. No one will be removed forcibly,\" she added.The Ranthambore tiger reserve has 52 tigers, of which 25 are cubs born in the past year. But despite the fact that Kailadevi sanctuary constitutes half of the tiger reserve, the concentration of tiger is in Ranthambore and Sawai Mansingh sanctuary of the reserve, which barely adds up to about 550 sq km.Kak was also hopeful of proposals floated by the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) for the development of a corridor between the Kuno Palpur sanctuary in Madhya Pradesh and the Ranthambhore tiger reserve. Kuno Palpur Sanctuary was being developed by Madhya Pradesh government to provide habitat to Asiatic lions relocated from Gir forests but after the Gujarat government refused to part with them, WII has sought to be developed as a habitat for tigers.\"Later when this project is also completed, there will be no hindrance to tiger movement and there will be ample open space for them,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381683", "title": "Cops zero in on suspect in ACP house break-in", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch has zeroed in on a suspect in the break-in incident at assistant commissioner of police (crime branch) Ravindra Khandagale's house with the help of the building's CCTV footage.Earlier, three persons had been under the lens, out of which two were traced, identified as salesmen and given a clean chit. The third suspect, yet to be traced, is believed to have committed the crime. Several crime branch units are also conducting a parallel investigation into the case along with personnel from Shivaji Nagar police station identified to be given were suspected previously, out of which two were traced and were identified as salesmen selling spiritual CD's. They were given a clean chit by the Crime Branch. The investigators believe that the third suspect, who is yet to be traced, might have been the burglar. Several Crime Branch units are also conducting a parallel investigation into the case along with personnel from the Shivaji Nagar police station.On August 1, the break-in took place at the ACP's Mahim house, while he was at work and his family was out. The officer's service pistol was stolen among other things. - Nathaniel Valthaty", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15381648", "title": "Shravan pheri crowds throng Trimbak", "text": "NASHIK: The annual ritual of Shravan Somwar Pheri on Monday attracted devotees to Nashik city on their way to Trimbakeshwar.Lack of plumbing arrangements in Trimbakeshwar caused heavy inconvenience for the nearly 5 lakh pilgrims who undertook the 20-km trek to being encircling the Brahmagiri hill. Things only worsened with the track leaving behind a trail witnessing mounting refuse that included tea-cups, dishes, food and fruits, etc.A senior official from the Trimbak Panchayat Samiti said that the gram panchayats on the perihperi of Trimbakeshwar were ordered to undertake all the sanitation measures - that included water purification. The official also admitted that the mobile lavatories and the arrangement to put in dustbins for collecting refuse had not been undertaken by the Samiti.\"No such arrangements - as far as installing dust-bins or mobile lavatories, was made. However, we had arranged for medical squads and ensured arrangements of electricity during the night at the camps,\" the official said on the condition of anonymity. Many people complained about the lack of availability of toilets. \"There have been some complaints and we have taken note of them. We have definitely we have lost the time now but this will be noted for future planning,\" the official added. Some people from the city and the district had set up stalls to distribute 'prasad' - in the form of tea, lime juice, and khichadi.Commenting on the issue of the garbage littered around the path the official said that they had asked the stall owners to look after the same, but declined to comment on the action they would be taking against those who had not obeyed instructions. \"The gram panchayats will take measures to clean the areas,\" the official said.The situation within the Trimbak municipality area was not very different either as council staff were unable to clean out the area in time. \"The crowds made it difficult for garbage-vans to make their way through and impacted cleanliness. Despite this garbage pick-up was managed,\" an official from municipal council said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15381666", "title": "Abandoned baby found in Sector 53", "text": "NOIDA: Five days after a 15-day-old baby girl was found abandoned in Sector 53, another child, this time a one-year-old boy, was found abandoned in Sector 62 on Saturday. The child was found after people in the area heard him crying.Police forwarded the matter to the Child Welfare Committee and the child was taken to the district hospital. Upon diagnosis, it was found that he was not medically fit and was having problems being fed. He was then referred to Lady Hardinge Medical College in Delhi where he is currently being treated.Cops said the identity of the baby's parents is not clear. \"This is the second case we have got from the same area. The area where the two babies were abandoned is relatively deserted. It is possible that the boy was abandoned due to a health issue, but it is still too early to tell,\" said a cop.\"There have been no enquiries about the two missing children yet. If no on turns up to claim them in three months, they will be put up for adoption,\" said Satya Prakash, FXB-Suraksha Childline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15383572", "title": "Steel Authority of India Limited eyes Ghatkuri iron ore mine lease", "text": "RANCHI: Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) is trying hard to convince Jharkhand State Mineral Development Corporation (JSMDC) for a joint venture in mining so that the former acquires the lease for Ghatkuri iron ore mine in West Singhbhum district.SAIL is eyeing the joint venture with the JSMDC in the wake of a Supreme Court directive that the Ghatkuri mine can be allotted only to public sector undertakings. Being a state public sector company, JSMDC has the right to claim over the mine and SAIL does not want to lose in the race with other bidders as it is already operating in the district.Last year, SAIL got clearance from the forest department for Ajitabursu, Budhaburu and Sukri-Latur mines. The company has already appointed Australia-based consultant Hatch Associates for drawing up a detailed project report (DPR) for proper utilization of iron ore.Sources in JSMDC said Ghatkuri is one of the largest virgin iron ore mine in the country after Chiria, having 62-63 per cent iron content, spread over an area of around 2580 acres. It has an estimated reserve of over 600 million tonnes.\"The order of SC has come as a major booster for all PSUs. The joint venture, if at all materializes, will fulfill the raw material requirement of even a big company like SAIL for over 60 years. Since we do not have a single iron ore mine, the government will definitely give us preference and this is one of the reasons why SAIL is planning for a joint venture with us,\" said an official of the JSMDC.Other PSUs including the Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited (RINL) and National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) are also in the fray for acquiring lease for the mine. \"We at JSMDC will wait and watch how things work out before taking any decision on the joint venture and applying for the mining lease,\" the official added.SAIL spokesperson AK Singh said the talks are at the very preliminary stage with JSMDC. \"We would definitely like to enter into a joint venture with JSMDC for the mine. This will also help JSMDC as it does not have adequate manpower to operate such a big mine on its own,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15383542", "title": "Mastermind was fired from store a few months ago", "text": "NOIDA: Vikram Singh, the alleged mastermind of the Noida mall robbery, snatched a bag containing Rs 15 lakh in cash from Satender Kumar, the executive of collection agency Writer's Safeguard, and made a run for the exit at gate 3, where two of his accomplices , Babu and Guddu, armed with country-made pistols were waiting on a motorbike .Satender raised an alarm and called the police. Meanwhile , mall security guard Rajesh Mishra, who was standing a few yards from the entrance to the ramp, began chasing Vikram.\"As Vikram neared gate 3, his accomplices opened fire at Mishra, injuring him in the right arm,\" said Yogesh Singh, Superintendent of Police (City). By then, auto drivers parked near the gate were alerted by the commotion and got together to try to stop the three accused who had got onto a single bike.\"An autorickshaw driver, Mukesh, who was parked the closest to the gate showed presence of mind and rammed his auto into the bike to stop the goons from escaping ,\" said Lalaji, another auto driver who was at the spot. \"The three fell down but fired two more shots, injuring Mukesh in his right rib. A bullet also grazed past constable Girwar's face. Girwar was stationed at the police post outside gate 3,\" said Chandan Yadav, another eyewitness .Raj Kumar, an auto driver who was at the parking spot near gate 3, said he ran towards the gate on hearing the commotion. \"I saw Mukesh, who is just 18 years old, trying to stop the robbers. By then a large crowd of bystanders and auto drivers had gathered at the spot. They managed to overpower the accused and began thrashing them,\" he said.In the melee, one of the accused , Guddu managed to escape . The bag containing the cash was seized from Vikram and Babu, who were rescued from the mob by the police and taken into custody. Mukesh and Mishra were rushed to Vinayak hospital in Sector 27, where they are undergoing treatment. According to Dr Saurabh Gahlote, medical superintendent of Vinayak hospital, both are in the ICU. \"We are trying to ascertain whether Mishra has a nerve injury. He has been operated upon and his condition is being closely monitored . Mukesh is critical,\" Gahlote said.The accused, Vikram and Babu, and constable Girwar were taken to another city hospital. Vikram told the police that he was earlier employed at Home Town and had been sacked around months ago. Originally from Hathras in Uttar Pradesh, he lived in Noida and was currently working for an NGO in Delhi. Guddu is a resident of Jalesar . Vikram had met the third accused, Babu, at his sister's place in Aligarh.\"We have recovered arms and ammunition as well as the stolen cash,\" said Praveen Kumar, Senior Superintendent of Police, Gautam Budh Nagar. \"A hunt is on for the third accused. CCTV footage in and around the Mall is being examined to ascertain the chain of events,\" he said.The SSP announced a Rs 5,000 reward for Girwar for his bravery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15384054", "title": "Cancer cure? Chemo can backfire", "text": "LONDON: Chemotherapy can undermine itself by causing woundhealing cells around tumours to make a protein that helps the cancer resist treatment, a new study has claimed.Researchers from the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Centre in Seattle found that chemotherapy increases production of a protein which causes cancer cells to grow and resist treatment, the BBC reported.The study looked at fibroblast cells, which normally play a critical role in wound healing and the production of collagen, the main component of connective tissue such as tendons. Chemotherapy causes damage to DNA or deoxyribonucleic acid which leads the fibroblasts to produce up to 30 times more of a protein called WNT16B than they should. The protein fuels cancer cells to grow and invade surrounding tissue \u2014 and to resist chemotherapy.\"Cancer therapies are increasingly evolving to be very specific, targeting key molecular engines that drive the cancer rather than more generic vulnerabilities, such as damaging DNA,\" Peter Nelson, who led the research, was quoted as saying by the BBC.\"Our findings indicate that the tumour microenvironment also can influence the success or failure of these more precise therapies ,\" Nelson said. Around 90% of patients with solid cancers, such as breast, prostate, lung and colon, that spread \u2014 metastatic disease \u2014 develop resistance to chemotherapy.Treatment is usually given at intervals, so that the body is not overwhelmed by its toxicity. But that allows time for tumour cells to recover and develop resistance. The study was published in Nature Medicine.The result paves the way for research into new, improved treatment , said Nelson. \"For example, an antibody to WNT16B, given with chemotherapy, may improve responses (kill more tumour cells),\" he said in an email exchange . \"Alternatively, it may be possible to use smaller, less toxic doses of therapy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15385661", "title": "Government machinery extra efficient?", "text": "JALANDHAR: The government departments appear to have gone extremely efficient if the number of applications/revisions received by Right To Service Commission are any indication. Even as it has been eight months that Right to Service Act came into force on October 10 last year but the Right to Service Commission has received only 25 applications till now.Information procured from the Commission under Right To Information Act by Human Empowerment League Punjab activist Parvinder Singh Kitna has revealed that out of these only four revisions have been filed with the Commission, which has been constituted to hear the revisions against the decision of the appellate authority under section 10 of the RTS Act.The information provided by the Commission has given the titles of 21 \"Application\" received by the Commission and four \"Revisions\". Revenue figures tops the list of department against which applications have been received by the Commission. While 13 of these applications or revisions pertain to revenue department, 5 to Home Department, 2 to Transport Department and one each about Water Supply, Social Security, Local government and Social Welfare Departments.Kitna said that there can be only two reasons for such a small number of applications/revisions. Either the government machinery has become very efficient and sensitive towards peoples' work or this figure reflected that there was not wide spread awareness among the people about the Act and its provisions to file appeals and revisions.He said that even as the Commission Chairman S C Aggarwal had claimed that over 15 lakh people had availed services under the Act. \"This is clear that the applicants availed these services in routine while they are still not aware about the provisions and their rights under RTS Act and then how they can take the erring officials to task.\" HELP said.\"The RTS Commission employees around 50 people including Chief Commissioner and four Commissioners and heft amount is being spent on them but they appear to be disposing off just three applications in a month,\" HELP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15383531", "title": "Locals block road as truck kills student", "text": "RANCHI: A 13-year-old school student was crushed to death by a speeding truck in Bundu on Monday morning at Dasham Fall, prompting the agitated local people to lay a siege to the road demanding compensation and disrupting vehicular traffic for hours.The driver of the truck, which came from behind the girl, tried to escape with his vehicle but the mob encircled the truck and set it ablaze. The driver, however, fled.\"Soon after the incident, the agitated local people threw stone on the truck and later the mob took out diesel from the vehicle and poured it before setting the truck afire. Later, they staged an agitation with the body and demanded compensation,\" said a police officer.As soon as police reached the spot, the protesters started an altercation with them. Ankua Murmu, a local resident, blamed police for being careless about rash driving by truckers. \"Over hundreds of trucks come to Bundu from Jamshedpur daily to collect stone chips. Most of them are driven recklessly and drivers are often drunk. Police do nothing to check such rash driving,\" said Murmu. The protesters were pacified after an FIR was lodged and police promised them compensation. Tokna Shwasi, the father of the deceased, lodged the FIR with Bundu police station. The body was sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15382527", "title": "Whale shark found dead near Mangrol", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The coastal dwellers of Mangrol in Porbandar district woke to a strange sight. The carcass of a huge whale shark, that weigh 10 tonnes and was about 47 feet long, had been washed up on the shores of Mangrol on Sunday.As the news spread , people living in nearby villages rushed to the coast to see the big shark which was lying on the shore. The forest department and the local police had a tough time controlling the endless stream of visitors that went close to the shark to touch it and even took photographs, posing before the dead shark.Officials of the forest department said that the full grown whale shark was examined to find if it had died due to some fishing boat or any other factor. But, post mortem examination revealed that the whale shark had died due to natural causes. The forest department buried the shark close to the spot where it was found, after the medical examination.A senior official said that this would be among the few full grown sharks that have been found dead on the shore. This, once again, reveals that the sharks are found in the Indian water and come here during the monsoons.The state government in association with the Wildlife Trust of India has also tagged few sharks for satellite tracking. \"Tags are put on the sharks to get information about the path that they take to come to Gujarat coast and also to get the details as to where do they actually come from,\" said an official.The whale shark was listed under Schedule I of the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act in 2001, according to the highest level of protection. It is this Mangrol, a small fishing town situated along the Gujarat coast, that has a mascot - the whale shark. The adoption was declared during the Whale Shark Day celebrations to mark the successful Whale Shark Campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15382807", "title": "Two more milk dairies for Goa: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PORVORIM: In a big boost to dairy farming in the state, the government has decided to set up two more dairies - one in Latambarcem in Bicholim and the other in Netravali in Sanguem taluka and formulate new schemes offering subsidies for 'white revolution' in the state.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who is also the minister for animal husbandry, said that 38 villages where milk production is high, have been declared as 'dudh gram'.Goa presently has one milk dairy in Ponda taluka.The state's requirement is 4.5 lakh litres per day while the state is producing only 36,000 litres per day. Parrikar, who is also minister for agriculture, proposed horticulture hubs in the state.Around one hectare of land would be given for cultivation which he said will also provide employment. Referring to a point raised by opposition leader Pratapsing Rane, the chief minister said that the government will promote contract farming. He said agriculture will get the necessary boost but no Chinese-manufactured machinery will be bought.He also stated that the rates of five vegetables including onions, potatoes and tomatoes will be controlled at the outlets of the horticulture corporation.The cut-off rate will be declared soon, he said, adding that even if the market rate goes up, the rate at the outlets will be maintained. On the issue of stray cattle, Parrikar said that a special cell would be formed to tackle the stray animal menace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383450", "title": "\u2018Kanda knew Geetika\u2019s family well\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda's attempt to distance himself from the Geetika Sharma suicide case by claiming she was just another employee of his MDLR Group was challenged by Geetika's family on Monday. Armed with holiday photos, the Sharmas claimed Kanda was not only close to Geetika but also knew them well, so much so that the two families had toured various places, including Shirdi and Mumbai, together.Until Sunday, Geetika's leaving MDLR to join an MBA course was being seen as her attempt to get away from Kanda, however, her mother Anuradha told police Kanda himself sponsored the MBA course at IILM institute and his employee Aruna Chaddha arranged the admission through her contacts. Kanda went out of his way to win over Geetika again, the family alleged.On Monday, the family released an email hinting at how they might have been blackmailed. It was sent when Geetika gave up her Emirates job and returned from Dubai. The sender, a Hotmail ID, claimed to be the director of Emirates Group and threatened Geetika with extradition proceedings if she did not respond urgently to allegations of cheating. Attached to the email is a letter written to the consul general of India from the law department seeking help to extradite Geetika on the charge of not repaying one Mohammed Ahmad al Karim, from whom she allegedly borrowed 50,000 dirhams . Police said the email appears to be fake due to the generic email ID.Anuradha said, \"Kanda used to pester me to call my daughter back, saying Dubai was not a good country to live in. Once when he came home, I confronted him about a fraudulent email sent in the name of a Gurgaon SHO to scare Geetika. He fell at my feet and promised never to do it again. He then offered to provide my daughter with a much higher post in the company\" .Police sources said Anuradha's statement suggests that Kanda was ready to go to any extent to have her daughter back, but Geetika remained cold to his advances and used to get depressed whenever he called up.Geetika's brother Ankit, who arrived on Sunday night, said, \"A few days ago, she was at a fashion show. They even called me up and wanted to talk to her. Later, I came to know it was the company's legal advisor. I spoke to Geetika and she sounded disturbed. I could sense from her voice that something was wrong. My mother got a threatening call at the same time. Kanda's ego got hurt when Geetika left his job to join Emirates. That's why he chased her. We have given police photos of our visit to Shirdi. We have faith in police but we want results. Kanda and his associates should be booked immediately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15382296", "title": "Infosys employee B Neelima's death still a puzzle", "text": "HYDERABAD:A week after her mysterious death, it still remains unknown whether Infosys employee B Neelima committed suicide or was murdered.The forensic doctors at Gandhi Hospital have now asked for images of the crime scene and also the video of her post-mortem before they give their final report to the police.\"We will go through the CD (of her post-mortem) to see if anything is missed (during the body's physical examination). We have also asked for pictures of the crime scene,\" said Dr T Vikramaditya, assistant professor at Gandhi Hospital, who conducted Neelima's post-mortem. The post-mortem was recorded to ensure transparency in the procedure. Doctors say the conclusion would depend on both her injuries and the crime scene investigation. Forensic doctors might visit the crime scene. DCP T Yoganand said that it would take about a week's time for the police to determine the cause of Neelima's death.Nevertheless, forensic experts say that relying on the post-mortem report for a conclusion is an unrealistic approach as it's the scene of crime that throws up clues.\"If it's a suicide, the body would be at a distance from the building. However, if it's an accident or homicide, the body would touch the building wall before falling and hence would be closer to the building and the victim would suffer abrasions,\" says Dr M Narayan Reddy, former head of forensic medicine, Osmania Medical College. He further notes that in a suicide, the body lands on its legs so there would be injuries to the feet or lower part of the body. However, in a murder or accident, it's the upper half of the body that sustains more injuries. Details of Neelima's wounds remain confidential but it was reported earlier that she had sustained multiple fractures apart from other internal and external injuries.The details of the fractures are not yet known. The police would possibly be looking for answers to the many unanswered questions. While her emails and text messages are indicative of a depressed state of mind, what is unclear is her reason to choose the parking lot at Infosys campus to take that fatal jump.Was it because she considered it 'safer' on the campus and having worked there for many years she had an idea about how isolated the parking space would be at that time of the evening? Although the police and forensic doctors are tight-lipped about the nature of her physical injuries, initial reports had suggested some struggle before she fell from the building. Also, she walked into the campus at 8.40 pm and died at 10.30 pm. What was she doing for close to two hours that she spent inside? It remains to be seen how this puzzle gets solved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15384331", "title": "DM orders officials to observe Independence-Day traditionally", "text": "KANPUR: District magistrate M P Agarwal directed the district officials to observe Independence Day in a traditional manner and organize the programmes which generate patriotism amongst the children and youth.In a meeting for the preparation of the Independence Day, he directed to tak out 'prabhat pheris' and get the statues of national leaders cleaned. Flag hoisting ceremonies at all government offices should be held by 8 am. He directed that that patriotic movies should be screened in the cinema houses. Cultural functions should e organized to generate patriotic feeling among children. Several officials were present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15382105", "title": "Margin space relaxation likely for skyscrapers in August", "text": "SURAT: Urban development ministry is likely to grant relaxation in margin space this month. This will remove the obstacle for the construction of high rise buildings up to 70 metres on the proposed outer ring road of the city.\"We have made a presentation of case studies of Mumbai and have sought amendments in the rules for the proposed outer ring road. Permission for the construction of 70 metre high residential buildings is givenalong with usage of floor space index (FSI) up to 4 for outer ring road. However, we have to leave some margin and hence unable to use the allotted FSI,\" said Velji Shota, president, Surat Builders Association (SBA).Under the present rules for a 40 metre high building, a developer has to leave margins of eight metres and 12 metres respectively on two sides each. So for a building with a height of 70 metre on the outer ring road, a developer will have to leave 14 metres on two sides and also another 21 metres of margin space on the remaining sides.\"For a medium-sized plot measuring 5000 square metres, there will be no space for construction to utilize permissible FSI,\" said Shota.\"We agree that for small-sized plots it will be a problem. They will not be able to use the FSI in construction. Something needs to be done in this regard,\" said Jivan Patel, director of planning, Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC).For the development of Outer Ring Road of 67 km, special permission for construction of skyscrapers upto a height of 70 metres was given. The developers would get 0.6 FSI free and can also purchase FSI up to 4 on 40 per cent of jantri rates.\"We are expecting the permission of buildings up to 70 metres in other parts of the city too. We need relaxation in margin rules to work effectively,\" an office-bearer of SBA said.Four proposals for construction of skyscrapers are pending approval in urban development ministry in Gandhinagar since the past two years. The issue is expected to be resolved before the assembly election announcement. A senior government official said, \"We are working on it and an announcement will be made shortly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381611", "title": "Courts warn female staff for violating dress code", "text": "NEW DELHI: After observing western outfits, bright-coloured clothes and casual clothing worn by the female court staff, the district courts have decided to crack down on them for not adhering to the prescribed dress code. Instead of the dress code - Salwar Kameez or Saree - female employees have often been wearing casuals. Strict disciplinary action will now be taken against all employee violating the dress code.In a recent circular issued by Rohini court's district judge MK Gupta, issues were raised about the court staff flouting guidelines, including the dress code.\"It has been noticed that a large number of female staff members are not following the directions of District and Sessions Judge (on the dress code) which is a gross misconduct and indiscipline,\" the circular said.Besides the dress code for women, the judiciary has also \"prohibited\" the use of mobile phones by the court staff during working hours saying it affects \"court discipline and dispensing of justice\". \"The act of the employees (of using mobile phones) is adversely affecting the court discipline and also in dispensing of justice since use of mobile phones during court hours for personal use and that too within full public view is impermissible,\" the circular stated.The judge has further warned the court staff to \"comply\" with the directions or face action. The directions came on the basis of a letter written by Additional Sessions Judge Kamini Lau to the district judge elaborating the incidents of misconduct by the court staff. In her complaint, ASJ Lau said that employees were not following the dress code, especially female staff. She also said that the court staff would use the mobile phones during court proceedings and sent SMSs.Earlier as well, the lower judiciary has tried to enforce a uniform for the court staff. In 2008, the lower judiciary asked the female employees to choose between Suit and Saree as their dress code. Two years later, the lower judiciary followed the example of the High court and issued uniforms for both, male and female employees of the trial court. The uniform consisted of Pant and shirt for the male employees while female employees were issued Indian Suits. The direction, however, could not be implemented completely with court staff flouting the norms more than often.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15384518", "title": "BHU training French students", "text": "VARANASI: Department of Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Institute of Agricultural Sciences (IAS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) under its International Collaborative Programme with France has been giving six week training of animal husbandry and dairying to French students Anne Laure Boulaud and Quentin Wilhelm, pursuing graduation in Agriculture from Agrosup Dijon, a leading institute of argriculture in France. The training would end on August 07.According to Prof Dinesh Chandra Rai, who is training the international students, the trainees were given all technical and field knowledge of Indian farming and mini dairies apart from the local and traditional ways followed in villages.\"They were also taken to the villages for the three-day field work and there they were trained in looking after the cattles, their food habits, health, dairying and various other aspects of village life associated with cattles and farming. They also learned methods of making local dairy products\", informed Rai. Notably, according to Rai, since past few years, BHU has bagged a remarkable place internationally and under the international collaborative programme, soon a team of delegates would visit the university in November.BHU to start Veterinary Sciences course next yr: Banaras Hindu University (BHU) is going to offer a four year course in Veterinary Sciences at Rajiv Gandhi South Campus, Barkachha from the next academic session.Giving this information to reporters at university premises on Monday, vice chancellor, Dr Lalji Singh said that the country lacks good veterinarians and this course would benefit the students with job opportunities. He also informed that soon a dairy farm along with a dairy industry on PPP model will also be established in the RGSC, BHU in near future, helping the near by people avail good quality milk at appropriate prices. Singh also added, \"A laboratory to carry out research work on traditional and ayurvedic medicines will be established and at the same time with cooperation from Indian Council for Medical Research and department of Science and Technology, a special laboratory with a fund of Rs 105 crores has also been proposed\".Meanwhile Singh laid the foundation of Neelgiri Girls hostel and Aravali Boys hostel in the campus.While Neelgiri hostel, which is being constructed with a budget of Rs 3.5 crore will have as many as 80 rooms on the ground floor, Aravali hostel is going to have 52 rooms on its ground floor and is being constructed with a budget of Rs 4 crores in RGSC, BHU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382214", "title": "Two held for burning bike of youth racing in Bandra", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kherwadi police have arrested two persons, Prakash Nivate (26) and Amar Narayan (32) who set a bike on fire at Bandra (E) on Sunday night and assaulted a man who came to help the injured biker. The accused slum dwellers were upset with the biker as he was racing along with his friends and lost control, cops said. They assaulted the friend, Shahnawaz Khan (18), who tried to help the injured biker. The duo managed to flee after which the locals burnt the bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15381772", "title": "BJP uneasy over LK's tweet, JD(U) happy", "text": "PATNA: The JD (U) leadership is of the view that BJP veteran L K Advani's tweet on the possibility of a non-Congress, non-BJP prime minister was his honest and candid confession, and said in the 2014 Lok Sabha election, regional parties will have a bigger role to play.There is no dearth of politicians who feel that while making the observation about the next PM, Advani must have been thinking about Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar, who, they claim, has emerged on the national political scene prominently.\"This is the most objective analysis by the country's senior most politician who made observations based on his long political experience,\" said JD (U) national spokesman Shivanand Tiwary. \"I fully agree with Advani,\" he added.Tiwary feels that people are getting fed up with the style of functioning and policies of the two national parties - the Congress and the BJP. \"These parties have lost people's support due to rampant corruption, uncontrolled inflation and maladministration. The UPA government is suffering from inertia,\" he said.While Tiwary as well as state JD (U) president Vashisht Narayan Singh refused to comment on the possible elevation of Nitish Kumar, senior BJP leader Tarakant Jha feels that Advani was indirectly hinting at Kumar's chances of emerging as prime minister. \"Advani said the PM would be a non-Congress and non-BJP man but he did not say the person would not be an NDA leader,\" said Jha, who recently demitted the office of Bihar legislative council chairman. But he hastened to add that Advani's statement was not in the interest of BJP.Though state JD (U) chief Singh did not say anything about Kumar's chances, he asserted the country needs a leadership which has dynamism and result orientation and is efficient in handling of situation, \"just as Nitish Kumar did in Bihar\". He said, \"Nitish has time and again stated that he was not in the race (for PM), but everything will depend on the situation at that time. JD (U) is a small regional party and we never staked a claim.\"A senior minister of JD (U), who did not wish to be quoted, said if Advani thinks that the PM may not be from the BJP and the Congress, there is all likelihood that he would be from a regional party. There are only four parties in the BJP-led NDA, the others being JD (U), Shiromani Akali Dal and Shiv Sena. \"There could be post-poll alliance to expand the NDA base,\" he added.BJP leaders, however, are not comfortable over Advani's observations. Stating that the BJP veteran has been misquoted, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said Advani has outrightly rejected the chances of a third front and mentioned that Congress would be reduced to two digits. In that situation, BJP is the only alternative. Modi said whenever non-Congress and non-BJP PMs took over, their governments did not last long, like Charan Singh, I K Gujral and H D Deve Gowda.State BJP president Dr C P Thakur said Advani's tweet was his personal views. Refusing to speculate on names for the top post, he said it was too early to say who would be the PM but asserted that NDA would come to power and the PM would be from BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15381618", "title": "Pregnant banker death: Accused goes 'missing'", "text": "NOIDA: Noida police seem to be taking the death of the eight-month pregnant banker, who was killed in a road accident on July 29, very casually. The prime accused in the case, who had been recovering in a Delhi hospital, was taken to his native place without the Noida police getting a clue as no cops were deployed to keep an eye on him. The family of the deceased Anupriya Nagarajan now alleges that cops are trying to hush up the case.The accident took place when Anupriya were travelling on NH-24 with her husband Naveen in their Volkswagen Polo. A Marshall jeep driven by Raju rammed into the car on the passenger's side killing Anupriya. Raju, the prime accused, was taken to LNJPN hospital in Delhi. However, two days later, he was taken from the hospital to Rohtak without the cops being informed. Later, when Noida cops reached there, they found Raju 'missing'.Surprisingly, the investigating officer Parshuram still does not know the name of the hospital in Rohtak where Raju has been shifted. \"I do not know the exact name of the hospital, but we have asked that Raju be produced in the police station there,\" Parshuram told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15382503", "title": "IIM-A employee commits suicide in campus home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 40-year-old staff member of IIM-A was found dead at his residence on the campus, on Monday. Ravi Kumar, the victim, had committed suicide by hanging himself from a ceiling fan. Police believe family problems led to the suicide.Satellite police said, Kumar, a native of Secunderabad in Andhra Pradesh , was the secretary of professor Ravindra Dholakia. Kumar had been on leave for the past 15 days, visiting his hometown to meet family members. He had returned on Sunday, said officials.\"His body was found when a security guard went to his residence at 1.30 pm on Monday and knocked repeatedly,\" said the police. \"When Kumar did not answer the telephone or the mobile phone, the guard broke the door and found the body. He immediately informed his superiors who in turn called the police.\" Guards had apparently tried to contact Kumar on Sunday evening as well but did not get any response.The incident sent a shockwave through the IIM campus. Sources said Kumar was a soft-spoken person and mostly kept to himself. He was living alone on the campus and used to visit his wife and parents at regular intervals. Kumar had served as the secretary of former IIM-A director Bakul Dholakia.\"We have not found any suicide note,\" said N B Nikam, inspector at the Satellite police station. \"A message has been sent to his family members, and they are expected to arrive by Tuesday afternoon.\" The body has been sent for postmortem to determine the exact time of death. \"His mobile phone records and correspondence are also being examined,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15383990", "title": "Now, tourists can hire Mythri autos", "text": "MYSORE: Now those planning to visit the Heritage City to have a glimpse of the world-famous Dasara festivities can heave a sigh of relief. GPS-enabled and tourist-friendly Mythri autorickshaws and cabs were launched by district commissioner P S Vastrad here on Monday.The scheme was launched after a month-long training programme for about 60 auto drivers, chosen for the tourist-friendly 'Mythri' auto scheme by the department of tourism, district tourism committee and Rotary Mysore. Vastrad appealed to auto drivers to live up to the expectations for total success of the scheme and it would be a boon for the tourists. He said it is deep-rooted in the minds of tourists, especially during Dasara, that auto drivers are rude and fleece them. He hoped that 'Mythri' autos would erase that stigma with the co-operation of the trained drivers.The vehicles will be equipped with GPS, audio player and wireless service.Drivers who have passed PUC and graduation trained for the purpose. They were given training in soft skills, spoken English and etiquette. The fare in the Mythri vehicles will be 10% higher than ordinary autos. These are not just meant for tourists. Even Mysoreans can hire them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385146", "title": "Nikhil Advani-Karan Johar clash over release", "text": "It's official now. Director Nikhil Advani's 3D stereoscopic animation feature film titled Delhi Safari will release nationwide on October 19. However, it will clash with Karan Johar's comeback film as director, Student of the Year, which is slated to hit theatres on the same day.Interestingly, after the 2003 blockbuster Kal Ho Na Ho, Karan and Nikhil never teamed up on any film. Reportedly, the two parted ways after creative differences cropped up between them while working on another project.Asked why he opted to release his film on the very same day as that of his mentor, Nikhil said, \"Who wants to clash with Karan? The decision has been taken by the distributor and producer. The first week of October is observed as wildlife week. It made sense to release the film during that time as it will help our campaign.\"Delhi Safari tells the story of five animals, who journey to Delhi to protest in front of the parliament when builders encroach upon their forest.Urmila Matondkar, Govinda, Akshaye Khanna, Boman Irani and Suniel Shetty have lent their voices to the characters in the film while music has been composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381534", "title": "Corporators want tobacco ban in plays", "text": "MUMBAI: If civic corporators have it their way, soon there will be a ban on portrayal of tobacco products' consumption in plays.Shiv Sena corporator Sheetal Mhatre said that plays staged in theatres and auditoriums owned by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) should not depict scenes of tobacco products and gutka consumption.Mayor Sunil Prabhu told the administration that the civic body should follow all norms for plays and if possible make amendments to prevent the portrayal of tobacco prroducts consumption in plays and skits.Soon after the Jism 2 posters scandal , a Marathi play, Ek Chavat Sandhyakal, staged at a private Dadar auditorium found itself embroiled in a controversy.According to Shiv Sena corporator Sheetal Mhatre, the play is being screened exclusively for men, disallowing women to enter the auditorium.\"I want to know if there are any regulations made by the censor board disallowing women to watch plays. Is there a separate rule for males? A Dadar resident called me to inform two weeks ago that she was asked to leave the auditorium as it was meant for 'adult gents' only. This is totally unheard off. As a woman, I feel disturbed with this discrimination,\" said Mhatre. Prabhu said he will initiate an inquiry into the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382161", "title": "Indian scientists laud Mars mission success", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian scientists hailed the successful landing of Nasa's rover -- Curiosity - on Mars on Monday with the country's first cosmonaut Rakesh Sharma describing it as a beginning of an \"exciting phase of solar system exploration\" that could pave the way for the Red Planet's human exploration.Sharma, who has always supported the idea of manned space missions, said technologically too Curiosity is of great significance as it had proved that automatic or autonomous controls worked on the spacecraft.The spacecraft has several new technologies and executed nearly 1,000 complex maneuvers on its own successfully before touching down seven minutes after hitting the Martian atmosphere at a speed of 13,000 mph.Radiation Assessment Detector (RAD), for assessing radiation levels on the Red Planet, is among 10 instruments on-board the Curiosity. This assessment would be useful for planning human missions to Mars.Ex-Isro chairman Krishnaswamy Kasturirangan lauded the successful landing as an \"earth-shaking achievement of humankind\". \"My kudos to Nasa for this great achievement.\"Former Isro Satellite Centre director T K Alex called Curiosity a highly complex robotic mission and said this makes it a great technical achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15383974", "title": "Special focus on heritage sites", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda) released the 'Master Plan 2031' here on Monday.The draft proposals, which have been approved by the urban development department on August 1, are now published by Muda allotting 60 days for stakeholders to file suggestions and objections.The tier-II city made the plan keeping in mind that population may double in 2031 from 13 lakh as of now. According to district minister S A Ramdas, who released the document, the government will implement the Master Plan 2031 within 90 days.\"There are violations like the floor area ratio (FAR) and change of land use. The Master Plan 2031 will put an end to it. We'll be strict in implementing it like how they do at Chandigarh,\" he said. The PRR is proposed near the airport and the convention centre so that the visitors can have easy access, sources told TOI.\"It will cut down traffic density in the city too. The film city is proposed to be developed near the airport too so that tourists can access it without much fuss,\" they said. The PRR will be developed using the road network that exists now and connecting the missing links.Top priority is accorded to conserving ecological balance at the Chamundi Hills which is under stress now.Special regulations will be put in place so that its beauty is not marred. There will also be special focus on conservation of heritage environs. Building regulations will be imposed in the vicinity of the monuments, they stated.Muda has identified tanks in the conurbation area, which will come under stress given rapid urbanization. A separate set of regulations are framed to protect them, they stated.The conurbation area, which was 92.21 sq km in 1981, has now enlarged to 509 sq km comprising 117 villages. Mysore taluk's 84 villages, Nanjangud's 19 and Srirangapatna's 14 are proposed to be part of Mysore Nanjangud Local Planning Area. Muda is aiming to develop Nanjangud as twin city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15381662", "title": "Ward-level resistance units in Vilappil soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Vilappil panchayat has decided to form ward-level emergency action councils in all the 20 wards anticipating another move from the Thiruvananthapuram corporation to transport machinery to Vilappilsala for the setting up of a leachate treatment plant in the village. The decision was taken during an all-party meeting convened by Vilappil panchayat president Sobhana Kumari here on Monday.Each unit will be headed by the panchayat members of the respective wards. It will have members from residents' associations, religious committees of churches, mosques and temples, Kudumbasree units and local people.\"We will put in place a unit that can be mobilized in a short span of time. The panchayat members will be responsible for the units and special instructions will be given to the members as to how they should desist from violence,\" a member of Vilappil panchayat said.The decision to form special units was taken after it was noticed that some youths had resorted to unruly behaviour during the last protest.The meeting also decided to track down the masked youngsters who clashed with the police that day. \"We will extend all our support to the police in identifying the culprits. Our protests have always been peaceful and the way a certain group of people took to violence tainted our image,\" the panchayat member added.The panchayat will also seek legal opinion to counter the affidavit filed by the corporation against some of the members of the Vilappil panchayat alleging contempt of court and defiance of judiciary.\"In the meeting we have decided to counter the corporation using all legal options available. The corporation is trying to misinterpret the entire scenario and we will foil any such move,\" said Vilappil panchayat president Sobhana Kumari.The panchayat will convene a mass gathering at 3pm on Friday to proclaim the resolve of the people of Vilappil to resist the setting up of the factory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15383162", "title": "Seminar on women's entrepreneurship in Chandigarh to focus on social independence", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In order to boost the culture of women entrepreneurship in city and nearby areas, some of the women doing well in their fields besides aspiring women entrepreneurs would come together under one roof and share the socio-cultural context of 'Women Entrepreneurship\" on August 9 at PhD Chamber in Sector 31.The discussion would focus on 'How socially independent is today's women entrepreneur' and 'Is the mobility of women still curtailed and activities restricted by virtue of gender consideration'. The main speaker of the day will be Isha Singh, a management graduate from University Business School, Panjab University, and a literary scholar at the same time. She has been running an organization that guides young and eager engineers towards their dream jobs.The other main speaker will be Kiran R Singh, a graduate of Arts College, Chandigarh, who is a founder of an NGO that works for women empowerment in Sangrur district. \"In my free time, I used to talk to village women and that was when I realized the immense potential in them which was not being used. Hence, I started this NGO in 2006. I have been working with the rural women for the past 7 years. I have used local skills to develop various products which I market at exhibitions and cater to direct orders. Initially, there were only four women and now they are 40,\" Kiran said.The event would be a part of The Indus Entrepreneur's (TiE's) initiative to promote women entrepreneurship and provide a platform to all those who have created a mark in the society by being their own boss and leading out to create ventures of their own.\"We have been organizing events to promote Women entrepreneurship and in succession, we have this second event 'Women Entrepreneurship: the socio-cultural context' to promote Women Entrepreneurship. The talk will focus on the challenges faced by rural and urban women entrepreneurs and the advantages they have.,\" said Mayuri Gupta, event coordinator at TiE. The event would be supported by FICCI Punjab and Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383078", "title": "10k volunteers to get disaster management training", "text": "PUNE: A group of ex-military men has decided to train 10,000 youngsters, mostly volunteers of Ganesh Mandals and college-goers, to form disaster management squads in the background of five blasts on JM Road on August 1.City-based Maharashtra Military Foundation said the youngsters will be trained by home guards, fire fighters and ex-military men among other experts.Addressing a news conference on Monday, executive president of the Foundation, Adwait Deshpande, said that they have sent a proposal to the police commissioner. \"The Pune police have approximately 5,000 personnel, a number too small considering the fact that the population of Pune is about 40 lakh. Hence, it is essential to supplement the police force with men who can manage people during crisis situations,\" said Deshpande. Each squad will have citizen commandos who will be interconnected via bulk sms and voice calls.\"The squads will be given training in fire fighting, mob control, as well as recognizing bombs, helping in evacuation,\" Deshpande said. The training will start from Sarasbaug. Once completed, each squad will operate in the area where its members reside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385079", "title": "Hrithik Roshan's special ode to dad Rakesh Roshan", "text": "Rakesh Roshan completes three decades of film production and 25 years of being a director in the Hindi cinema industry this year. To celebrate this milestone, son Hrithik has planned a very special ode for the filmmaker. An insider told us how the actor, who's currently busy shooting for Krrish 3, has decided to get in touch with all the veteran directors, actors, music composers and even technicians who had worked with his father through the years.\"Hrithik has chalked up a list of people he wants to meet. This includes his father's contemporaries. Apart from actors like Rishi and Neetu Kapoor, Aruna Irani, Rekha , Randhir Kapoor, Jeetendra and all those who Sr Roshan had worked with, will be the filmmakers and cameramen and even technicians,\" said the insider.Hrithik wants to meet these people who have worked closely with his father and make them talk about their association. \"He will eventually convert the entire footage into a neat audio visual,\" added the insider.Roshan Sr, who started his film career as an actor in 1970, started his own production in 1982. In 1987, he directed his first film Khudgarz. After which, he has had a successful spate of movies, his last hit as a director being Krrish in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15384278", "title": "Maharashtra flouting fire safety norms: PIL", "text": "MUMBAI: Six years after the state enacted a special Maharashtra Fire Prevention and Life Safety Measures Act, it is yet to implement the rules properly, a public interest litigation has claimed.Filed following the Mantralaya fire in June, the PIL by Chembur resident V Thanumoorthy said the state has not even appointed a director, fire safety, and other officers responsible to check fire safety norms in public buildings. The Bombay HC on Monday issued notice to the state to respond to the PIL.The petition expresses concern at the fire safety measures in courts in the state and calls for digitization of records. It also focuses on the lack of adequate preventive measures in public buildings.Under the special law, the authority concerned has the power to inspect any premises and for want of implementing fire safety measures in the particular building on non-compliance of notices the building can be sealed, according to advocate J Shekhar, counsel for the petitioner.The rules also provide for directors to be appointed for requisitioning of fire-fighting equipment and even outsourcing fire prevention by appointing a licensing agency, the PIL said. Though the law has been enacted, rules have not been enacted strictly, which has resulted in incidents like the Mantralaya fire, the PIL said.The PIL has also pointed out the IIT Kanpur report on review of fire codes, for public and private buildings. The recommendations include preventive strategies and imposing penalty for negligence and non-compliance of code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381996", "title": "Road to Tripura will soon go via Bangladesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The travel time from Kolkata to Agartala will soon become a lot shorter with India and Bangladesh poised to sign an agreement which will allow Indian vehicles to use a road link via the neighbouring country.The road transport and highways ministry will soon sign the pact with Bangladesh.Now, vehicles take a long route to reach Tripura from West Bengal. \"Once the agreement is signed, Indian vehicles can use roads via Dhaka, which will drastically reduce the travel time. Besides, it will provide connectivity to the Trans-Asian highway,\" an official said.Highways secretary A K Upadhyaya said modalities were being worked out to allow vehicles registered in Bangladesh to run on Indian roads as part of the pact. \"Bangladesh is working on the protocol on the transit points and how to deal with the situation in case there is an accident,\" he added.India and Bangladesh will hold a technical-level meeting to address remaining issues. \"We have shared the draft agreement with our Bangladeshi counterpart,\" Upadhyaya said.This move is part of the bilateral trade agreement signed between India and Bangladesh in March 2006.As per the proposed draft agreement, passenger, cargo and personal vehicles will be allowed to ply across the border only through authorized operators on reciprocal basis.\"A vehicle of one country after entering into the other country shall return immediately to exit the latter country after unloading and/or loading cargo or disembarkation of passengers,\" a ministry note said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381609", "title": "Community forest rights to 350 villages in Gondia", "text": "NAGPUR: Replicating the success of Mendha-Lekha in Gadchiroli, around 350 villages in Gondia district have been granted community forest rights (CFRs) under the Forest Conservation Act (FRA) 2006 recently. The FRA empowers community of tenure rights through CFRs over forest, water and biologically significant areas. During the last 4 years such rights were granted to more than 750 villages in Gadchiroli district.In Gadchiroli, villagers have been enjoying their rights over bamboo, mahua, tendu and other non-timber forest produce (NTFPs) as the means for their livelihood. After Gadchiroli, now Gondia stands second in Maharashtra to get such CFRs to such a large number of villages.Recently, NGOs like Vidarbha Nature Conservation Society (VNCS) and Vidarbha Livelihood Forum (VLF), had pushed for CFRs with the district level committee headed by the collector and deputy conservator of forest, Gondia.\"It's a result of strong advocacy and lobbying done by VNCS and VLF with state ministers and secretaries, apart from strong pressure by gram sabhas,\" said VNCS secretary Dilip Gode.Prior to this, the VNCS had organized massive campaign in bringing awareness among the people of Gondia by training more than 1,500 community members, gram sevaks, patwaris, foresters, sarpanchs and chairmen of village level forest rights committees.Gode said that this is start of participatory community forestry through legally empowered people's institutions. Through this empowerment, people have got rights to protect forests and enjoy rights to sell NTFPs. \"Forest department should come forward to join this partnership, which would go a long way in protecting forest resources if properly implemented with joint monitoring,\" said Gode.Environmentalists and naturalists like Shyam Diwanjee of VNCS, Purnima Upadhyay and Kishor Moghe of VLF, have thanked Praveen Pardeshi, principal secretary (forests) for his contribution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382424", "title": "It's a different look in Maharani's College as poll fever grips campus", "text": "JAIPUR: Election fever has gripped Maharani's College, one of the most prestigious institutions in the city, as over 20 candidates are in the fray for the post of president. Every candidate has adopted a different method to reach out to students. If some are relying on the conventional method of meeting students individually, the others are sending bulk messages or using social media to reach out to students.Neelam Rathore, a final year student, is banking on her large friend base in the college to win the seat. She feels that being regular to college helps her understand issues in a better way rather than those candidates who rarely comes to college. \"I am promising a sound academic environment,\" added Rathore, who is addressing conventional issues like clean drinking water, better labs and hygienic canteen.Since the session has begun, these students have been actively working to garner support. The day begins with the candidates, armed with posters and banners, displaying their achievements and agenda and making rounds on the campus.Another candidate, Deepa Kumari, is utilizing time even after classes to reach out to students. She is active on social networking cites by creating a homepage and sending out messages to potential voters.The campaign is beyond the territorial limits of campus as posters and banners could be seen at many places in the city.Even incidents of rowdy behaviour have become a common phenomena on the campus. The student leaders had run-ins with principal Anjali Krishnamurthy at least thrice since the session has begun.The situation has come to such an extent that police are guarding principal's office till classes get over.In the past, very few girls could gather courage to contest elections even if she was supported by parents. \"Demonstrations and protest of this kind is a new phenomena in Maharani's. It reflects eroding values,\" said a senior professor at college.Gangaram, a gatekeeper in the college who spends hours on campus observed that the sole aim for contesting elections is to attain fame. \"Every day I see how students do protests and demonstrations on non-issues,\" said Ram.The college has 8,000 students and plays a crucial role in RU elections. Every contestant contesting RU elections doesn't forget to make rounds at Maharanis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15381537", "title": "Four held for running fake certificates racket", "text": "THANE: Four persons were arrested for allegedly printing and selling fake SSC and HSC mark sheets and related certificates.Kingpin, Bharat Rajaram Tambe (47), who has two houses-in Vashi and Thane, would tell victims that he was employed with the Maharashtra board. His two associates-Prashant Popat Unde (21) and Prashant Waman Yadav (21)-would identify students who had flunked exams or those in need of certificates to secure a job.A hi-tech laptop and a scanner were used to prepare the fake mark sheets. The team would duplicate the state board's logo and emboss it on the fake certificates. The fabricated document would then be sold, police said.\"On a tip-off, cops arrested Tambe and his aides, who had come near SVPM high school in Kalwa to hand over fake mark sheets to a victim. The three accused revealed the name of their fourth associate, Ashish Kamlakar Pednekar (39), who was subsequently picked up from Dadar,\" senior police inspector Chandrakant Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15383392", "title": "Starvation stalks Sunderbans tiger", "text": "KOLKATA: The Sunderbans tiger, undergoing treatment at the Alipore Zoo, has been diagnosed with prolonged starvation, said the zoo officials.The blood and liver function test reports have shown indication of starvation in the seven-year-old tiger, which was captured from Sunderbans a couple of weeks back. The zoo officials have already said that the weak hind portion of the tiger is a cause for concern.Zoo vet Dr D N Banerjee said that the liver function and blood tests were done from private as well as government labs. \"The reports arrived late last week. We compared both the reports and found that there is indication of prolonged starvation in the tiger. There is discrepancy in the blood, urea and nitrogen (BUN) ratio too. This shows that the kidney was not doing the filtering work properly,\" he added. However, he said no decision has been taken yet on whether an X-ray would be conducted to find out if the big cat has any internal injury.Meanwhile, Wildlife Institute of India's (WII) scientist Y V Jhala said repeated incidents of tigers coming out of the jungles call for a study to find out whether there is any disease outbreak. \"This is not a new phenomenon. In 2009-10 when canine distemper plagued the Siberian tigers, the big cats started wandering near the Russian towns in search of easy prey. They either died or had to be put down. Later, it was found the tigers were infected with canine distemper,\" Jhala added. According to him, low prey density can also be a cause for the starvation.The tiger has already been put under power diet and vitamins, so that it can recover fast. \"We have raised the quantity of beef, offered to it in the evening, to 6 kilos. Morning diet consists of a full chicken,\" Dr Banerjee added. Another 10-year-old tigress, caught from Netidhopani in Sunderbans last year, couldn't be released back to the wild so far as its hind portion is also weak. The zoo officials have already told the forest department that it will be difficult for the tigress to survive in the wild as it won't be able to hunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15382800", "title": "State govt proposes non-academician vice-chancellors", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a significant development, state government has written a letter to the Raj Bhawan seeking certain changes in the statues of all state universities. Contradictory to what the University Grants Commission has mentioned in its gazette, 2010, the state government has proposed that a vice-chancellor of a university should be a non-academician. The UGC rules and regulations state that persons of highest level of competence, integrity, morals and institutional commitment should be appointed as vice-chancellor. The VC to be appointed should be a distinguished academician, with minimum of 10 years of experience as professor in the university system or at an equivalent position in a reputed research or academic organisation.The government has also sought changes in the appointment and tenure of the principal of an affiliated college. As per them, the college principal once appointed should continue till retirement. However, the UGC has mentioned that the appointment of a principal should be for the tenure of five years and that he/she can be re-appointed for one more term.The government has, however, accepted the changes made by the UGC in decreasing the casual leave from 14 to eight in an academic session. They have also adhered to the rules regarding the child care leave as stated by UGC. As per UGC, women teachers having minor children may be granted leave up to two years for taking care of their children. And in cases where child care leave is granted for more than 45 days, the university/college may appoint a part-time or guest substitute teacher with intimation to UGC.Following the UGC rules on minimum number of teaching days, the government has proposed that the universities and colleges must adopt 180 working days, that is, there should be 30 weeks with six day week. Of the remaining period, 12 weeks may be devoted to admission and examination activities, and non-instructional days for co-curricular, sports and other activities, eight weeks for vacations and two weeks for various public holidays. And if the university adopts a five-day pattern, the number of working days will be increased correspondingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15382879", "title": "Goa Bachao Abhiyan alarmed over government move to open Regional Plan 2021 for inspection", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government's move to open the Regional Plan 2021 for inspection from August 16 without framing guidelines is alarming as it would allow destructive insertions rather than genuine development, Goa bachao abhiyan (GBA) alleged on Monday.The yardstick already seems to be changing, as in the case of the golf course, announced by the government. \"The lack of objective criteria to accept or reject the suggestions and objections filed by village panchayats, organizations and individuals would defeat the purpose of planning,\" GBA convenor Sabina Martins said.The vagueness in the procedure will tilt the scales in favour of individuals and business interests. \"The requests for change in zone, whether from gram sabha, village committees, CSOs or individuals, must be subjected to the same criteria,\" Reboni Saha, GBA secretary, said.Gram sabha members of Tiracol have opposed the golf course as it will deprive them of their mundkarial rights and proposed constructions are in the CRZ areas. Overlooking this and other violations of a number of guidelines, the government announced a project as a matter of development.The yardstick has also been changed in the destruction of a mangrove and salt pan area (Eco 1 zone) near KTC bus stand in Panaji in breach of CRZ rules. GBA had filed a complaint with town and country planning department, but instead of initiating action, more area in the no development zone area is being filled up, GBA alleged.\"The government has to clarify whether it will respect environmental laws, as well as gram sabha resolutions as per the Supreme Court order or continue to undermine this,\" Martins said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381161", "title": "International Institute of Professional Studies students win, get nod to hold orientation programme", "text": "INDORE: After protest from students, International Institute of Professional Studies ( IIPS) administration on Monday rolled-back changes it had made in organizing orientation programme for new entrants.The students were miffed with the director's decision to curtail role of students in organizing the programme this academic year.Opposing the decision of the director for past several days, the students had approached the college director on Saturday to sort out the matter but to no avail. On Monday, they staged a protest at the institute campus wearing black attires and stopping academic activities at the institute.After an hour-long protest, director of the institute Dr R K Vyas met a delegation of the students and gave his nod to organize orientation programme on the lines it was held in the previous years.Vijay Moolchandani, secretary, students' union at UTD campus said, \"We were waiting for the orientation programme for almost a year. But, not allowing us to organize the programme was not fair. So, we staged the protest.\"Second year students of the institute will hold the programme on August 8 and plan to invite seniors, new entrants and faculty members to participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15383483", "title": "Women's team to take on men in Nehru Trophy Boat Race", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Six decades after winning the first edition of Nehru Trophy, Nadubhagom Chundan is once again set to create history. On Saturday, a team of 95 oarswomen would rewrite the tradition when they power the chundan vallom (snake boat) across the waters of Punnamada Lake.Traditionally, only men competed in Nehru Trophy's snake boat race. This time, however, the women's team from Vanitha Boat Club - with four men on board -- is determined to challenge the men, in the 'B' grade category.Mathew Thomas is the team captain, and Mathai the captain of their boat. Rarichan, a member of the Kumarakom panchayat, is the main oarsman, and Santosh is the second oarsman. All the female members of the team are from Kari Colony in the 8th Ward of Kumarakom panchayat, who make a living through fishing or daily wage works.Team Vanitha Boat Club's Sarasamma will be the first oarswoman, sitting at the helm. Saly Vinod is the main rhythmist and Sandhya Thampy is the third oarswoman.This team has been trying to compete in the snake boat category since the formation of the club in2007. \"Women here have always been keen to take part in the race, but organizers were unwilling to accommodate us as women are traditionally not allowed to take part in this category,\" said Mathew Thomas, secretary of the club. \"Moreover, none of the boat owners was willing to provide us snake boats,\" he added.P K Rajeswari, president of the club, said the enthusiasm shown by the women in Kumarakom had forced the club to think about other options. Finally, the team made its appearance in a metal chundan vallam in 2008. However, they were not allowed to compete.Unlike in 2007, Organizing the team was not an easy task this year. \"Remuneration was a problem as most majority of the oarswomen are daily wages workers, and if they miss a day's work, life becomes difficult for them,\" said Rajeswari. \"Each woman is paid Rs 300 daily. On the day of the competition they will be paid Rs 500 each,\" said Mathew. The club hired Nadubhagom for Rs one lakh. This boat had won the first Nehru Trophy race, in 1952.The then prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, was so thrilled at seeing the performance of the oarsmen that he jumped into the boat after the race, giving security personnel a tough time.The club will get a bonus of Rs 2.3 lakh from the organizers of the race; the rest of the money required will have to be collected from the public,\" said Mathew Thomas.The members of the women's team will wear the traditional Kerala saree and don Jasmine flowers on their hair on the race day. The practice session will be officially inaugurated in Kumarakom on Wednesday.Alappuzha RDO A Gopakumar, who is the secretary of the Nehru Trophy Boat Race Society, said the participation of the women's team would be a historical occasion.\"Till now, only men have taken part in the chundan vallam category while women stuck to the Thekkanody category. This hadn't changed as women teams hadn't shown interest in competing with men,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15384110", "title": "Eyes have it: New way to tell sexual orientation", "text": "NEW YORK: Your pupil dilation holds telling indications of your sexual orientation, a new study has claimed.Researchers from Cornell University used a specialized infrared lens to measure pupillary changes to participants watching erotic videos.Pupils were highly telling : they widened most to videos of people who participants found attractive, thereby revealing where they were on the sexual spectrum from heterosexual to homosexual.Previous research explored these mechanisms either by simply asking people about their sexuality, or by using physiological measures such as assessing their genital arousal.\"We wanted to find an alternative measure that would be an automatic indication of sexual orientation, but without being as invasive as previous measures. Pupillary responses are exactly that,\" Gerulf Rieger, lead author said. \"With this new technology we are able to explore sexual orientation of people who would never participate in a study on genital arousal, such as people from traditional cultures,\" Rieger said in a statement. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15383461", "title": "I-Day spruce-up goes for toss as Ranchi swims in garbage", "text": "RANCHI: The skies finally decided to open up and bless the city with cool showers over the weekend thereby raising hopes of a wet monsoon. But since Independence Day is just a week away, the rains have added to the muck and mess and made sprucing up the city for the big day a difficult task.When heavy rainfall lashed the city on Saturday, people heaved a sigh of relief but the happiness was short-lived when they hit the road. Overflowing drains, flooded streets and mounds of garbage made commuting a tearful experience. There were so signs of civic service.Kanke block, Doranda, Islam Nagar, Upper Bazaar, Harmu and Kishoregunj were under water. Beneath the water were large potholes which could spell disaster any time.Kanke Road is the biggest headache and traffic stopper. For over a year now, the road has been dug up and construction work doesn't seem to end. \"The road is very narrow and almost half of it is littered with potholes. Driving becomes hazardous, especially for two-wheelers. Two bike riders met with an accident on Sunday night. It has been almost a year now that the road has been damaged, but the administration has failed to wake up from its slumber and repair the road,\" said Purendra Kumar Verma, a resident of Kanke Road.Doranda residents are also facing similar misery. Rajiv Kumar, a resident of Doranda, said, \"It is really difficult to commute because of waterlogging. Whenever it rains, the roads get damaged.\"When contacted, those in charge of civic service agreed the city was messy but pointed out that it was cleaner than other years during the rains. \"Work on Kanke Road will start soon. Apart from construction, maintenance work is also going on along damaged roads in the city. The construction work at Kanke Road will also be over soon,\" said an official of the road construction department on condition of anonymity. Since most of the time garbage is thrown on the road by residents, they have clogged drains and added to the flooding. Rahul Poddar, a resident of Kishoregunj, said, \"The residents here usually throw garbage on the road and even the employees of A2Z Waste Management Company do not bother to remove it. As a result every time it rains, the garbage gets scattered.\"The Ranchi Municipal Corporation and A2Z started a drive to clean drains before the monsoon. The drains were cleaned, but the garbage was allowed to collect along roads. Once it started raining, the garbage was swept into the drains!Manoj Paswan, a resident of Ratu Road, said, \"When the A2Z employees started cleaning the drains we thought this monsoon the city would be cleaner than previous years. But now we cannot walk on the road without stepping into garbage heaps.\"The public relations officer of A2Z, Ashish Saurabh, maintained, \"We agree the city is not clean but we are trying our best. We will be providing raincoats to our workers who clean drains so that they can work even in the pouring rain. In fact, we will be putting in an extra effort to ensure the city is cleaned well before Independence Day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15375199", "title": "Janmashtami: Krishna Consciousness Movement to observe the occasion on August 10", "text": "MANGALORE: Krishna Consciousness Movement on Coconut Garden Road, Kadri Tollgate here will celebrate Krishna Janmashtami at the Dr TMA Pai Convention Centre, here on August 10. The celebrations will start at 6pm and will last until 12 midnight. The program will comprise of various poojas and artis, abhishek, jhulan utsav and discourse. The celebrations will end with maha mangalarti. Prasadam will be served to all the visitors.Nama Nishtha Das, president, Krishna Consciousness Movement (KCM) told reporters here on Monday that KCM is using the occasion to launch their new project - Radha Govinda Dham, located near Anegundi Road, Bejai. Around 10 cents of land has been acquired for the project at a cost of Rs 75 lakh with contributions from well-wishers and philanthropists, he said, adding the project will be used to impart value education to youth.The project that aims at spiritual revival of society will automatically lead to life of principles and sustainable economic development. The Radja Govinda Dham will comprise a beautiful altar for Sri Sri Radha Govinda; large hall for lecture; seminar hall for audio video presentation on Gita; dioramas and exhibits in main temple hall; prasadam hall for visitors; and library of all vedic literatures. Construction will start in October after the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382762", "title": "Vaiko protests ASI takeover of temple", "text": "CHENNAI: The latest to join the chorus against the Archaeological Survey of India's move to take over the Pallava-era Sri Sthalasayana Perumal temple in Mammallapuram is MDMK chief Vaiko.He has sought the state's intervention in the ASI's decision to declare the temple a monument of national importance.The MDMK chief on Monday slammed the ASI for \"unilaterally\" issuing a public notice in May last to take over the temple, without even looking into public sentiments on the matter and without obtaining the state government's approval.ASI has notified about 450 sites in the state, including 156 in Kancheepuram. \"The central agency had targeted several small and big towns in Kancheepuram and the state will lose control over Kancheepuram after a while,\" Vaiko warned. He demanded that the Tamil Nadu assembly adopt a resolution against the ASI's move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15382991", "title": "3 of family killed as car rams into mini truck", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three members of a family were killed and two others injured when the car in which they were travelling rammed a mango-laden mini truck in the wee hours of Monday near Udumalpet Housing Board Unit in Tirupur district.The victims were returning home in Madathikulam after late night Ramzan shopping in Coimbatore when the tragedy occurred.According to Udumalpet police, Mohammed Ismail (76), his wife Muneesa (60), A Sulaiman (55), his wife Rabiya Sulaiman (45) and their two sons Faizal Hameed (28) and Riyaz (16) were returning to Madathikulam after shopping in Coimbatore.Umar Farooq (23), who was on the wheels in the car, rammed a truck loaded with mangoes a few minutes after midnight when the vehicle reached Udumalpet Housing Board Unit. While Mohammed Ismail and Muneesa died on the spot, Umar Farooq breathed his last on way to hospital. Faizal Hameed and Sulaiman were injured in the accident and the remaining people escaped with minor injuries.The truck after colliding with the car careened and rammed into another car that was parked on the roadside and ran into a shop before it came to a halt.\"We have arrested the driver of the truck and he has been remanded to custody,\" said C Murugaiyyan, inspector, Udumalpet police station.The truck was on its way to Kerala with a consignment of mangoes from Dindigul district. The driver of the vehicle Sijin Kumar (30) of Thalassery in Kerala was arrested after the incident.Traffic was briefly disrupted on the Udumalpet -Palani National Highway after the accident. Udumalpet police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382777", "title": "Chinks show in Egmore station security", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 40 vacancies in the Government Railway Police and Railway Protection Force personnel have left chinks in the security cover at Egmore railway station. What is more, door-frame metal detectors and baggage scanners don't work most of the time.Egmore, where 60 major and 160 suburban trains either originate or halt every day, handles 1,40,000 passengers. According to sources, the station has a sanctioned strength of 202 GRP and RPF personnel, but only 162 are available. \"Most of the police personnel who are deputed to GRP get transferred to their home districts or they prefer police stations within a few months. As a result, we face a shortage. We will soon fill the vacancies,\" a police officer said.\"Only a few RPF personnel man the entrance of Platform No. 4 and there is no regular patrol on other platforms. In fact, there are no police personnel to be found after 11pm,\" said Sandeep Kumar, a student and a frequent train commuter. \"There are CCTV cameras along the platforms, but I am not sure if they can make up for the lack of security personnel.\"Praffula Dadaria, a pilgrim from Chhattisgarh going to Rameswaram via Chennai, said, \"I have been waiting at the station for several hours, but I haven't seen a single GRP man though the police booth is just adjacent to the ticketing counter.\" When TOI visited the station recently on an afternoon, neither metal detectors nor baggage scanners were found to be working. But officials said they were in good condition. \"We did an inspection recently and found the metal detectors and baggage scanners were working,\" said S R Gandhi, senior divisional security commissioner, Southern Railway. Another officer said the equipment are functional, but they are switched on only during peak hours.Souther Railway chief public relations officer V J Accama said there are limitations. \"Railways has limited space. The rest belongs to the state government. We can't extend or modify our structures without government permission,\" she said.The authorities say there is nothing wrong with the security at the station.Egmore station master Ramesh Babu refused to comment. GRP Additional director general said commuters can call the GRP helpline 9962500500 for help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15383883", "title": "Krishna Consciousness will celebrate Janmashtami on Friday", "text": "MANGALORE: Krishna Consciousness Movement on Coconut Garden Road, Kadri Tollgate here will celebrate Krishna Janmashtami at the Dr TMA Pai Convention Centre on Friday. The celebrations will start at 6pm and will last till 12 midnight. The programme will comprise various poojas and artis, abhishek, jhulan utsav and discourse. The celebrations will end with maha mangalarti. Prasadam will be served to all the visitors.Nama Nishtha Das, president, Krishna Consciousness Movement (KCM) told reporters here on Monday that KCM will use the occasion to launch their new project - Radha Govinda Dham, located near Anegundi Road, Bejai. \"About 10 cents of land has been acquired for the project at a cost of Rs 75 lakh with contributions from well-wishers and philanthropists,\" he said, adding the project will be used to impart value education to youth.The project that aims at spiritual revival of the society which will automatically lead to a life of principles and sustainable economic development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383047", "title": "Sinhagad Road murder mystery solved; five held", "text": "PUNE: The Dattawadi police on Monday arrested five people on suspicion of killing a man and dumping his body near a canal on Sinhagad Road on July 10.The suspects are Ravindra Wadekar (27), Deepak Khatpe (21), Namdeo Pawar (27), Allabaksh Mundhe (40) all from Ambegaon and Gulab Shaikh (52) of Dandekar bridge. Following a petty quarrel, they dragged Sagar alias Pappu Arvikar (25) of Ghodegaon inside a vehicle, thrashed him and later dumped his body on Sinhagad Road. The incident occurred at Ghodegaon in Ambegaon on July 9.Arvikar's naked body was found on Sinhagad Road the same day. There was no clue to ascertain his identity.The suspects are Ravindra Wadekar (27), Deepak Khatpe (21), Namdeo Pawar (27), Allabaksh Mundhe (40) all from Ambegaon and Gulab Shaikh (52) of Dandekar bridge.Senior police inspector of the Dattawadi police station Vijaysinh Gaikwad said they had questioned several people in the locality. \"We searched almost all slum and red-light areas of the city. I had fanned my teams to Sangli, Solapur and Satara districts to find out if anyone had lodged a missing complaint,\" Gaikwad said.Meanwhile, Gaikwad received a tip-off that one person from Dandekar bridge area was involved in the murder. \"We picked up Gulab Shaikh. During sustained interrogation, Shaikh admitted that he was a part of the conspiracy. He also revealed names of four of his accomplices,\" Gaikwad said.All the four suspects were arrested. They told the investigators that in the month of June, Arvikar and Ravindra Wadekar, one of the suspects, had had a fight over payment of some welding work. At that time Arvikar had lodged a complaint against Wadekar with the Ghodegaon police station. \"The suspects had hatched the plot to eliminate Arvikar because he had abused Allabaksh Mundhe,\" Gaikwad said.On July 9, the suspects forced Arvikar into a sports utility vehicle, thrashed him and killed him. They had planned to dump the body near Ambegaon, but later did it on Sinhagad Road in Pune.The police team which went to Ghodewadi in Ambegaon was surprised to find out that Sagar's mother had not filed any missing complaint. She told the police that one of the villagers had told her that Arvikar had gone to Nepal for some work. The police team comprised assistant police inspector Sampat Pawar, police sub-inspector Niraj Ubale, police constables Shankar Kudle, Sachin Dhavale, Pramod Kalamkar and Ramchandra Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15386182", "title": "US mosque gutted in fire in a suspected arson attack", "text": "WASHINGTON: A day after the tragic shooting incident at a gurdwara, a mosque in the US was burned to the ground for the second time in little more than a month in a suspected arson attack.The FBI said the Islamic Centre of Joplin in Missouri was gutted down to the ground yesterday. The center was vacant at the time of the fire and no individuals sustained any injuries.The FBI, in conjunction with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF), the Jasper County Sheriff's department, and the Missouri department of Fire Safety are currently investigating and providing significant resources to determine the cause of the fire.\"We are currently in the preliminary stages of this investigation and are awaiting a determination as to the cause of this fire. If this fire is determined to be deliberate in nature, it will be investigated to the fullest extent possible,\" said FBI special agent in Charge Michael Kaste.\"Any act of violence to a house of worship is taken very seriously by law enforcement and threatens the very core of the safety and security that our communities enjoy,\" he said.Following the incident, the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) called for stepped-up police protection at Muslim institutions and other houses of worship nationwide.Recently, a $15,000 reward was announced by the FBI and the ATF for information leading to the arrest and indictment of the person or persons responsible for the fire at this same center on July 4.Yesterday, CAIR offered a $10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of whoever may have caused yesterday's fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15383431", "title": "State shooters compete for national spot", "text": "BOKARO: Indian shooters bagging medals at the London Olympics seems to have inspired the participants at the Jharkhand Armed Police Inter-battalion Shooting Competition which began on Monday at the firing range at Bokaro's Sector-XII.The competition, inaugurated by Laxman Prasad Singh, DIG of Coal Belt, will feature various rounds, including pistol, carbine, AK-47 and machine gun among others.Of the 16 teams are participating in the state-level competition, 10 belong to Jharkhand Armed Police (JAP), five to Indian Reserve Battalion (IRB) and one represents Jharkhand Jaguar. The winners will be picked to compete with district police shooters for a spot in a national-level competition.Indian gunners' run at the Olympics - which ended with a bronze and a silver medal - was an example given by Singh and other officials at the inaugural ceremony. Singh said: \"Our jawans have immense potential and they can reach the level where Gagan Narang and Vijay Kumar , the two shooters who bagged medals for India in the Olympics, stand today. I want to see shooters from Jharkhand participating in the next Olympics.\" He urged JAP officials and others present to provide all support to budding shooters.Dev Bihari Sharma , SP, Jharkhand Jaguar , said the participants should concentrate on their game and come out with flying colours, following the trail blazed by the duo. \"The performance of Indian shooters in Olympics is an example and inspiration for all of you,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15384296", "title": "Chhatrapati Sahuji Maharaj University issues faulty marksheet", "text": "KANPUR: Many students of Chhatrapati Sahuji Maharaj University (CSMU) have got faulty marksheets which is causing trouble to them in getting further admissions.\"We are running to college. Yet even after 40 days of the declaration of results, our corrected marksheets have not been provided to us,\" said Namita Verma, a students of BA second year at Mahila Maha Vidyalaya. She added that most of the students of her class are suffering. All of them are waiting to take further admissions.Principal of Mahila Maha Vidyalaya MM Nigam said that majority of marksheets issued by CSMU this year are faulty. The university authorities are not taking prompt action despite complaints and reminders. \"Due to the careless attitude of the university, the students are suffering. Many students could have joined some other colleges as per the subjects of interest but they cannot do so due to faulty marksheet,\" Nigam added.Principal of Armapur Degree College GL Srivastava accepted that students in his college are facing problems due to faulty marksheets. Most of the errors were related to mistakes in names, spellings and total marks obtained. \"Many students have marked as absent in various subjects while they were present. In many cases, marksheets are filled with 'IN' which means verification required from college and even after sending the verification, nothing has been improved in the marksheets so far,\" Srivastava added.Principal of VSSD College Dilip Sardesai said that corrected marksheets have not been sent to him despite assurances.The registrar of the university could not contacted even after repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15385033", "title": "Vice-President poll: Voting gets underway, Ansari looks set to win", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA nominee Hamid Ansari appears set to win a second term as voting in vice-presidential elections got underway on Tuesday.Hamid Ansari is pitted against NDA's Jaswant Singh in a direct contest for the post.Ansari has the support of UPA's allies, the Left and also other parties supporting the govt from outside.A total of 788 Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha MPs are eligible to vote in the poll to elect the 14th Vice-President.UPA managers are confident that 75-year-old Ansari will get at least 500 votes.Congress has 204 members in Lok Sabha and 71 in Rajya Sabha.UPA constituents Trinamool Congress has 19 MPs in Lok Sabha and 9 in Rajya Sabha, DMK has 18 members in Lok Sabha and 7 in Rajya Sabha, NCP 9 in Lok Sabha and 7 in Rajya Sabha and RLD has 5 in Lok Sabha.National Conference has 3 in Lok Sabha and 2 in Rajya Sabha.Besides, SP with its 22 members in Lok Sabha and 9 in Rajya Sabha and BSP with its 21 in Lok Sabha and 15 in Rajya Sabha are backing Ansari who is also being backed by the entire Left block with 38 members in both Houses of Parliament.Unlike the presidential poll held last month, which had split NDA with JD-U and Shiv Sena breaking ranks to vote for UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee , Jaswant Singh has the backing of a united NDA for his vice-presidential bid.BJP has 114 members in Lok Sabha and 49 in Rajya Sabha, JD-U 20 and 9, Shiv Sena 11 and 4 and SAD 4 and 3.While AIADMK, which has 14 MPs in Parliament, has announced its support to Jaswant's candidature, BJD with 18 members in Lok Sabha and 7 in the Rajya Sabha has decided to abstain from voting.Ahead of the poll, UPA chaiperson Sonia Gandhi on Monday hosted a lunch for UPA constituents and the parties supporting it from outside, projecting a complete picture of unity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15382865", "title": "Lahaul MiG Crash: Mobile of missing pilot found", "text": "MANALI: Nine months after a MiG-29 crashed in Lahaul valley of Himachal Pradesh, the military personnel engaged in search operation of the missing pilot have found his mobile phone and handkerchief on the Chokhang peak, a reliable source in Lahaul said. The discovery has confirmed that the plane had crashed somewhere around this peak.Neha Tomar, wife of Squadron Leader D S Tomar, pilot of the ill-fated plane, who has reached Lahaul along with her father, has confirmed that the cellphone is that of her husband. Following the finding of this piece of the missing pilot's belongings, the search operation has been intensified to trace Tomar and the aircraft's wreckage, including its flight data recorder.Sources said jawans from Ladakh Scout, who found the mobile, have still not handed it over to the Indian Air Force authorities. On Wednesday, the jawans had found some of human body parts and pieces of clothes from the same peak. These bits of crucial evidence have been sent for forensic examination.Residents of Chhogzing, Naingar, Gwahadi and Chokhang villages have been helping jawans in the search operation.The MiG-29 had taken off from Adampur airbase during a night flying exercise on October 18, 2011, but crashed on the treacherous mountains of Lahaul. A search to locate the MiG and its pilot had remained futile and had to be called off when the winter set in. Eight months after heavy snowfall hampered the search operation, about 80 Indian Air Force and Army personnel returned reached here to resume the hunt for the missing officer last month. On October 23, 2011, the pilot's parents had announced a cash reward of Rs 50,000 to those who provide any clue about their missing son and had even urged the authorities to intensify the search.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381417", "title": "Activist Kishore Ingle dead", "text": "NAGPUR: The man who fought for justice for seven-year-old Yogita Thakre, passed away at a private hospital on Sunday evening. Social activist Kishore Ingle, 52, survived by wife and two children, was suffering from chronic pneumonia.Ingle was instrumental in highlighting the alleged foul play in the death of Yogita, whose body was found in a car parked in the premises of the then BJP state president Nitin Gadkari , who is now the national head of the outfit, in May 2009. Ingle was working at RTM Nagpur university.The body of the youngest daughter of Ashok and Vimal Thakre was sent home from the residence of Gadkari without informing police. It was Ingle who helped the economically weak parents of Yogita, who had several injuries on her body and blood stains in private parts, to reach Kotwali police station. Despite police registering the case as murder, there was no proper investigation done in the case which prompted Ingle to knock the door of judiciary. It was Ingle, along with activist Jammu Anand, who ensured that their fight shift the case from the allegedly biased city police to the state CID. Ingle passed away as he was preparing for another round of fight to retrieve the case from the cold storage of state CID and shift it to Central Bureau of Investigation.Ingle too had paid the price for raising his voice as he was implicated in a case of extortion after Gadkari had raised the issue in the floors of the assembly session. Yogita's eldest sister Kiran, sounding upset, said that Ingle had even braved attempt on his life to continue the fight for her youngest sibling.Social worker and veteran journalist Umesh Choubey described Ingle as a fighter for causes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381178", "title": "E-courts to reduce pendency in a big way", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is working on a project \u2014 as part of computerization of courtrooms \u2014 where you will get certified copies of judgments online, putting an end to making inordinate rounds of courts. There will be additional facilities like e-payments and e-filing as well.A senior law ministry official said the computerization of courtrooms are in progress and already more than 8,500 courts across the country have been networked and efforts are on to complete the process in the next few years.Law minister Salman Khurshid confirmed the ongoing drive to modernize courtrooms at a recent media interaction, saying the government has set a deadline for computerization of 12,000 courts across the country by 2015.The minister said along with computerization the government had initiated a drive last year to bring down pendency of cases. \"Last year we started pendency reduction drive which brought down the number of pendency cases by six lakh nationwide,\" he added.Currently there are more than 3.20 crore pending cases in various courts. Of this nearly 2.76 crore cases are in the subordinate courts, while 44 lakh are pending in various High Courts and nearly 60,000 in the Supreme Court.The concept of e-courts will help the judges to take home case files in pen drives to go through them rather than taking the hard copy of the files. Already e-courts have become functional in Delhi, where undertrials need not be brought to the courtroom or judges need not be face-to-face with advocates and the accused to hear a case. All these could be made possible from different locations with the e-courts becoming a reality.For the purpose of making e-payments of court fees, laws have been amended in Mumbai and Delhi, while plans are afoot to ensure that it applies to all courts in central government jurisdiction and those in the Union Territories.The Centre is also trying to rationalize the work allocation of law officers to bring in more efficiency in the system and bring down pendency of cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15380945", "title": "Madhya Pradesh team on study tour to China, US", "text": "BHOPAL: Led by state minister for panchayat and rural development Gopal Bhargava, a high-level team from the state has gone for a 20-day study tour of China and the United States.An official release stated on Monday that the team reached China and has inspected various projects in rural areas of Guangzhou region. The team would visit places of the United States and China during its tour and will return to New Delhi on August 22.The team would undertake a special study of livelihood activities implemented to bolster development works in rural areas of these countries. The study tour will be helpful in smooth implementation of livelihoods projects in rural areas of Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15382575", "title": "Cong members press for Gujarat University's syndicate polls", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University's in-charge vice chancellor (VC) was gheraoed by Congress workers on Monday. The reason - controversy over syndicate elections.The state's assembly elections which are scheduled to be held later this year seems to have jived up the political ambience of GU. Now, students' organizations headed by Congress and BJP leaders are at loggerheads over whether or not to hold syndicate elections by August end.Caught in the political crossfire are the educationists and administrative staff of GU. Many of the senior GU officials have threatened to quit if the troubled-campus status persists any longer. Syndicate elections are due to be held by August end. \"Since the Congress members started pressing for syndicate elections to be held on time, the issue has turned into a sparring match with BJP leaders taking the opposite stance.Before Monday's fracas at GU campus, on Saturday too collegians had witnessed rowdy scenes outside the VC's office. Congress workers had laid siege at the GU VC's office to press for their demand to hold syndicate elections early. The leaders had also threatened to organize a sit in on Monday.On Monday, though, BJP workers beat the Congress to the campus. Senior GU-BJP leaders Amit Thakar, Girish Chaudhary, Harshad Patel led a group of party workers to the campus, sang Ramdhun and met the VC to submit a memorandum. The BJP wing demanded that student senate elections be conducted first before syndicate elections.Then came the Congress leaders amidst heavy police bandobast. They barged into the VC's office and stuck posters in his office to demand for elections. They also made snide remarks about the administration and the VC. All of them camewith tiffin boxes and spend a good two hours at the office, stalling all work, offerening snacks to the VC while demonstrating before him.\"If the GU does not announce syndicate elections by Tuesday, Congress workers will pay another visit to the campus wearing white to mourn the death of democracy in GU,\" threatened Congress leaders.In-charge VC Mukul Shah said, \"I have received recommendations of both the parties. We will take all the view points into consideration before arriving at any decision.\"Causalities of politickingAhmedabad: The first casualty to the hardnosed politicking within GU campus was in-charge registrar Baldev Patel. Patel had resigned on Saturday owing to the aggressive politicking within the university campus.\"Pressure was built up on him by both the parties to ensure that he issues the right notification - in connection with the syndicate elections. It is the registrar who is authorized to issue notifications in this regard,\" said a GU official.The GU administration is now making efforts to calm down Patel. \"I am trying to reason with Patel to withdraw his resignation,\" said incharge VC Mukul Shah.However, GU sources say that even Shah is quite \"exasperated\" over the growing political bustle within the campus. Unhappy with these developments sources said that Shah has asked several political leaders to hasten up the process for searching a new candidate for GU VC's post which has been vacant since the retirement of Parimal Trivedi recently.Shah now wants the GU's search committee to finish its hunt for a new VC at the earliest. \"He wants to wash his hands off this ongoing show of political power in the campus. Shah has told several Congress leaders to ensure that the search committee completes its job at the earliest. Chairman of the search committee is a Congress leader,\" said GU sources.Though Shah has held several political portfolios in his career - like mayor of Ahmedabad and chairman of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's standing committee - he considers this short stint as the in-charge VC of GU as the toughest by far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382185", "title": "New import rules fail to plug misuse of chemical used in Pune blast", "text": "MUMBAI: Ammonium nitrate, believed to have been used in the recent Pune blasts, can be easily pilfered while being imported into the country thanks to a major loophole in import regulations. Retired police officials and explosives experts say the ammonium nitrate import regulations, released last month, indirectly allow importers to import the chemical in loose form, posing a threat to national security.The import regulation document dated July 11, 2012, released recently, a copy of which is with TOI, says the chemical shall \"preferably\" be imported in bagged form'. Though the new rules incorporate a number of strict measures on manufacture, storage, transportation, handling and use of the chemical, there is concern that by inserting the word \"preferably\", the government has effectively given the importer the option of importing the chemical in loose form.Jayant Umranikar, retired DGP and Pune's former police commissioner said, \"Saying that ammonium nitrate should 'preferably' be imported in bags is akin to saying that terrorists should preferably not kill innocent people. The word 'preferable' does not exist in the legal lexicon. It needs to be removed and the import of ammonium nitrate in water-proof and sealed bags should be made mandatory. It is frightening to even imagine the damage even a fraction of loose ammonium nitrate can cause if it lands in terrorist hands.\"K L Patel, an expert on blasting physics and explosive chemistry in India, said, \"The word 'preferably' must be removed from the rules. There should not be any ambiguity in this regard. Given an option to choose, importers will tend to use this leniency to their advantage and shall continue importing the material in bulk, leaving enough scope for pilferage. This, in fact will weaken the entire exercise of regulating ammonium nitrate imports. The Government of India has to make it mandatory for chemicals to be imported in sealed and RFID (radio frequency identification) tagged bags. The security of the entire nation is at stake and no arguments favouring bulk imports should even be entertained.\"About 3.5 lakh tonnes of ammonium nitrate is imported into India every year for use by the mining, infrastructure and other industries and is bagged at godowns near ports, before being dispatched to various consignees. The process of bagging after the loose chemical is unloaded causes 0.5% to 1% spillage and senior intelligence officials said nearly 3,500 tonnes of ammonium nitrate may be unaccounted for and could fall into wrong hands at major ports. \"To make a bomb, one needs less than a kilo of ammonium nitrate,\" said another expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15389039", "title": "Janmashtami: ISKCON Arya Samaj branch to hold celebrations", "text": "MANGALORE: The Arya Samaj Road branch of International Society for Krishna Consciousness(ISKCON) is organising Sri Krishna Janmashtami at Devadiga Samaj Bhavan, Mannaguddahere on Friday. The programme includes darshan, arati, alankar pooja, rajbogh arati, sandhya arati, yoga, maha abhisheka of Sri Krishna Balarama and discourse on the appearance of Lord Krishna. It will end with maha mangala arati with sankirtana at midnight.Devotees can offer prayers, pujas and perform special ashtottara seva to the Lord throughout the day. About 10,000 people are expected to have darshan of Lord Krishna and prasad will be served to all. Devotees can also offer fruits, flowers, coconut and tulsi leaves on this occasion. The most attractive event of the day is hari nama japa yajna wherein a mantapa is created with 108 steps for visitors to chant hare Krishna mahamantra.Deputy Commissioner NS Channappa Gowda will inaugurate hari nama japa mantapa. N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker of the state assembly will participate in the maha abhishekha at 9pm. ISKCON is a worldwide spiritual organization founded by Swami Prabhupada and it is forging ahead with the vision and mission to spread the message of peace, solace, love and universal brotherhood through its many branches across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15382394", "title": "Power cuts to continue", "text": "With scanty rainfall, the power situation in the state further deteriorated, forcing extended power cuts on the industry.After a four-hour cut on Sunday evening, the power department imposed a three-hour cut from 7pm to 11 pm on the industry on Monday.According to sources, the situation is unlikely to improve and the cuts will continue. Domestic consumers too could face an hour-long power cut.Due to increase in demand owing to the kharif cultivation, power cuts are unavoidable. \"Generally, farmers do not require power for irrigation as they rely on rain, but because of scanty rainfall, the demand has increased even as the domestic production is still low,\" an official admitted.The officials expect the demand for power to rise to over 1550 lakh units over the next few weeks while the availability is around 1250 lakh units. The state, following the recent grid collapse, is trying to avoid overdrawing from the Northern Grid. For the past few days, it is drawing less power than its quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15381568", "title": "Petrol pumps pull out of strike", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Petrol pump owners on Monday pulled out of the bandh called against local body tax imposed in Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC). Petrol pumps resumed services on the sixth day of the bandh after collector issued notices to all the pump owners threatening to register criminal offences against them for holding back supply of essential commodities.Collector Arun Shinde had issued notices to all petrol pumps on Saturday evening asking them to resume services in the next 12 hours or face charges under Essential Commodities Act 1955.The pump owners had joined the strike four days ago after selling off their stock. This had caused a severe fuel crisis in the city. People waited in long queues on petrol pumps outside the city limits to fill up their vehicles. Sensing trouble, collector issued notices to petrol pump owners from the city to restore their services. Though the petrol pumps opened on Monday morning, majority of them had no stock. As a result, people made a beeline at pumps where even small stock was available.\"We had stopped procurement of fuel ever since we joined the strike. Hence, when the pumps were opened in the morning, there was no petrol. However, every pump owner has ordered for a fresh stock and petrol would be available by late night,\" said petrol pump owner Vinodsingh alias Babloo Thakur. However, diesel was readily available with all the pumps as the dealers had some stock left with them before they joined the strike. Thakur stated that though petrol pump dealers have gone on strike in the past too, however, it is for the first time the administration has threatened to take legal action.Small traders had started to feel the pinch of the prolonged strike as many of them in the periphery of the city tried to open their shops. However, they were warned by the union against doing so. Some traders were even fined Rs500 for violating the bandh call.Traders have repeatedly failed in their bid to hold talks with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. Sensing no concrete assurance from him, trader's unions are reportedly ready to withdraw some minor demands. Sources claimed that traders can call off the strike even if they get assurance from CMC in next couple of days.Meanwhile, in a show of strength, traders held a motorcycle rally in the afternoon. They also forcibly shut a few shops. \"We understand the problems being faced by citizens but we are trying to arrive at a solution. Efforts are on to get CM's appointment for discussing our demands. We are also in discussions with the CMC officers,\" said president of Chamber of Commerce, Harshwardhan Singhvi. He also hinted at calling off the strike even if the mayor gives assurance of holding a special meeting for annulling the LBT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382344", "title": "BJP demands Sibal's apology on 2G spectrum loss", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mounting pressure on UPA and particularly telecom minister Kapil Sibal , BJP has demanded the minister's public apology on the 2G spectrum loss issue. The main Opposition stated Sibal had said there was no loss when spectrum was priced at Rs 1,650 crore for 5MHZ during A Raja's regime, whereas the government has now suggested Rs 14,000 crore as the reserved base price for 2G auction.\"The government's stand of floor price of spectrum at Rs 14,000 has exposes that zero loss in earlier auctioning was baseless. The government has admitted that the earlier pricing was wrong. Sibal had vehemently defended Raja's action of sanctioning spectrum at Rs 1,650 crore. He should apologize to people,\" BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said.The saffron outfit has also demanded an explanation from the UPA on the basis of arriving at the reserve price of Rs 14,000 crore. \"The reserved price of Rs 18,000 crore recommended by TRAI was arrived at following a methodical approach. The government must answer why it did not refer back to the TRAI after it re-jigged the base price at Rs 14,000 crore. It's a question of propriety,\" the party spokesperson said.Javdekar said that they would raise the issue in Parliament during monsoon session starting from Wednesday. He added that a host of issues including Aircel-Maxis deal would also be raised.BJP's executive committee has also decided to raise the issue of communal violence in Assam, coal bloc allocation scams and rising prices to corner the government in the monsoon session. Javadekar said that Assam violence would be raised on the first day of session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "15382851", "title": "Twin accidents: IIT-Kharagpur teacher granted bail", "text": "KHARAGPUR: Police on Monday arrested the Indian Institute of Technology - Kharagpur professor who had hit two motorcycles on Sunday evening. However, he was granted bail by a Midnapore court later in the day.Pradip Bhaumick, a teacher in the Rural Development Center at the institute, had hit two bikes in the dark on Sunday. At around 8pm, Bhowmik was driving back to the campus when the first accident happened. He rammed a motorcycle near Prem Bazar, about 3 km from the campus.But as he started driving towards the campus, he again hit the motorcycle of Debabrata Adhikari. Adhikari's daughter Deblina was riding pillion. The father-daughter duo sustained head injuries with a few fractures.Police had seized the professor's vehicle on Sunday night, but refused to arrest him as no complaint was lodged. But on Monday, he was first detained and later arrested by the Kharagpur Town police based on a complaint lodged by Ankush Sinha, who was riding another bike hit by Bhaumick. It was alleged that the professor was driving in an inebriated state.Later in the day, he was produced before the Midnapore CJM court, where he was granted bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15382987", "title": "Determine accused's age in 2 months: Court to Juvenile Justice Board", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking serious view of seven years delay in trial of the prime accused in Aashiana rape case, the Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad High Court has directed the Juvenile Justice Board (JJB), Lucknow, to determine the age of the accused within two months and inform the court on September 25. The trial of the prime accused has not started yet because of the dispute whether he was a major or a minor when the alleged rape took place.Justice Sudhir Kumar Saxena observed in the order \"the question of determination of the age of the prime accused is pending for the last seven years. It is not a happy state of affairs, the matter should receive utmost attention by the JJB on priority basis. Without commenting anything further, I direct the JJB to determine the age of the accused in pursuance of the order passed by the session's judge, Lucknow, on April 8, 2010, within a period of two months.\" The court has listed the case for next hearing and further order on September 25, 2012.The order came on the petition of the victim's father. Petitioner's counsel Nishant Shukla informed the court that the JJB had declared the accused minor but the order was set aside by the sessions court and case was sent back to the JJB to determine the age of accused after considering the entire documentary evidence.Zahira (name changed), was just 13-year-old, daughter of a petty scrap dealer, was allegedly abducted, tortured and raped by six spoil brats on May 2, 2005. Four accused were convicted and the case of fifth is in final stage. Of the four convicted, two died in accidents and the other two have filed appeal against the conviction.However, the trial of the prime accused, who is kin of a mafia-turned-politician, Aruna Shankar Shukla, has not started as yet because of age dispute which is caught in legal wrangles for last seven years. The JJB in 2005 ruled that the prime accused was a minor when the alleged crime took place. Victim's father challenged JJB's order in the sessions court. The latter on Aprill 8, 2010, directed the JJB to reexamine the case in the light of the documentary evidences such as medical examination report and school documents related to the prime accused provided by the victim's counsel.Victim's family is living under constant threat for last seven years. Though police protection was provided to the family, the victim girl has been in hiding, kept in a place away from home by two women activist, since 2005 due to threat percept.TIMELINE2005: May 2: Zahira, 13-year-old girl kidnapped, tortured and gang-raped by six spoil brats. Police act only after public outrage. Attempts were made hush up the case as prime accused was nephew of a mafia-turned-politician close to then chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav .2007: May 25: On the request of the victim's father, the High Court ordered day-to-day hearing of Aashiana rape case. On August 31, the then governor gives Rs 20,000 to victims family and Mayawati government slaps Gangster Act on accused. On September 5, two accused found guilty.2010, April 8: The sessions court quashed JJB's October 2005 order in which prime accused was declared a minor. The court directed the JJB to reexamine the case on the basis of documentary evidences and medical examination report. On August 18, two other accused found guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15382852", "title": "Masandevichi zatra at Bicholim today", "text": "KERI: Today is the third Tuesday of Shravan, the fifth month of the Hindu calendar, which is celebrated as the Masandevichi zatra in a temple at Narvem village of Bicholim taluka every year.Masandevi is the folk deity and protector of the spirits of some dead women. The temple of Masandevi is situated on the right bank of the river Mandovi, far from human settlement in Narvem In Goa, Hindu women dying during pregnancy or during the menstruation period are not cremated in the village crematoriums but the body is brought to Narvem and buried in the vicinity of Masandevi temple.The Goan Hindu believes that the spirit of such dead women haunt in the form of ghosts. Hence, after burying their bodies, a copper coin is nailed to a wild tree of Vomica toxica, locally called Kazro, and a prayer is offered by a local priest urging the spirit not to trouble anybody unnecessarily.The relatives of dead women, on the day of Masandevichi zatra, come to Narvem to express their gratitude to the goddess for protecting the spirits of the dead women.Dhondu Salgaokar, 65, from Narvem, says, \"As per a folklore, a pregnant lady committed suicide since her husband who was working in the Ragi field was killed by a tiger. A dog accompanying her too committed suicide. As four persons died, the tiger too committed suicide. And at the place where the woman died, an anthill sprang up which is today worshipped as Masandevi temple.\" A large number of devotees throng to the temple and perform various rituals in honour of the folk deity.On August 9, devotees will attend the Ashtamichi zatra, some 200m away from the temple. All over India this day is celebrated as the birthday of Lord Shrikrishna but, in Narvem, on the occasion of the fair, relatives take a holy bath in the river where they believe the waters of five rivers - Khandepar, Zuari, Bicholim, Valvanti and Mhadei-mingle, and perform rituals in honour of their ancestors.No one waits at the place of Ashtamichi Jatra in Narvem as the devotees believe that the place is haunted by ghosts after sunset who assemble for the Bhutachi zatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382646", "title": "Experts blast plan to retain 35% for BE", "text": "CHENNAI: The state's decision to challenge the minimum eligibility marks fixed by the All India Council for Technical Education for admission to engineering courses has drawn censure from several academics, who believe that it will lead to a further decrease in standards, while others support the inclusiveness of the intention.Those backing the government's decision say it will meet the objective of providing professional education to students from backward communities. Most academics, however, believe that the government's notion is totally misguided.The state higher education department has decided to file an appeal before a division bench of the Madras high court against the AICTE's mandate of 45% as the minimum eligibility marks for students applying in the general category and 40% for reserved categories, including students from SC/ST communities. Tamil Nadu allows students from SC/ST communities with pass marks of 35% to apply for an engineering seat.Educational consultant D Nedunchezhiyan of Technocrat India College Finder said that many students from interior parts of the state are unable to secure high marks because they have a shortage of teachers and no practical classes.\"But raising the eligibility marks to 40% should not be a problem even for these students, because students with 35% marks can only secure seats in third-rung college,\" he said. \"We should not let them believe that an engineering degree guarantees them success, because they not receive quality education or be able to cope with the engineering syllabus.\"A senior academic suggested that the minimum marks be increased to 50% for all categories so colleges in the state produce good engineers. \"Around 60% to 70% of engineering graduates are unemployed,\" he said. \"Allowing students with 35% to pursue engineering will only increase the unemployability of engineering graduates and is likely to lead to a serious social problem.\"New self-financing colleges are backing the move because many BE and BTech seats will go vacant if the marks are increased. Established colleges, however, say they prefer to have competent students.The government defended its stand by quoting from chief minister J Jayalalithaa's vision statement for 2023, which aims to increase the gross enrolment ratio from the current 12% to 25%. \"The move will also ensure that more seats are filled in self-financing institutions,\" said higher education minister P Palaniappan.He said several students with 35% pass marks have applied to take part in the single window counselling and it is now too late to tell them not to take part in the process.Academics point out that the focus of potential employers has now turned to quality of students because of a huge mismatch between expectations and actual capability.\"There is a wrong notion that there is no alternative to engineering,\" said S Alfred Devaprasad, CEO of Alpha Group of Institutions. \"The government is deluded if it believes it is meeting a social need by lowering eligibility marks. It should focus on developing the capabilities of students so they can fill vacancies in specialised positions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15384009", "title": "Come Dasara season, students will get a chance to tour district", "text": "MANGALORE: Come Dasara season, as many as 3,500 governments school children will get a chance to visit airport, harbor and various industries in the Dakshina Kannada district under 'Chinnara Zilla Darshana (CKD),' a free two-day tour.The initiative, which is organized by the Sarva Shiksah Abhiyana (SSA), will be for class VII students.Students will be divided in to teams of 70 and each team will be accompanied by four teachers. The motto of the tour programme is to build leadership and teamwork qualities in students as well as to give them exciting and fun-filled vacation.A few days prior to start of the tour students will be given a booklet containing information about places that they are going to visit. An essay competition will also be organized for them after they complete the tour.SSA district project coordinator N Shivaprakash told The Times of India that students will be touring in KSRTC buses. \"Food and accommodation will be provided to them. The government will spend Rs 480 per student. We are trying to include more than 3,500 children. The process of selecting students is underway,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382508", "title": "Mayors seek more power", "text": "JAIPUR: Four mayors of the state presented a memorandum to the governor Margaret Alva demanding implementation of the 74th constitutional Amendment Act on Monday.Mayors of five municipal corporations were in the city to participate the in the mayor council meet. The mayors said they needed more powers - administrative and financial - to ensure better development in their areas. City mayor, Jyoti Khandewal said, \"We have been assured that talk will be held soon with chief minister Ashok Gehlot and UDH minster, Shanti Dhariwal.\" In the council mayor of Jaipur, Kota, Ajmer and Bikaner participated, while Jodhpur mayor did not attend the meetingDuring the meeting the mayors also made discussion on their demand that the mayors should have the power to fill the annual confidential report (ACR) of the chief executive officer. \"If the power of filling the ACR comes under the jurisdiction of the mayor a lot of problems will be resolved.\" added KhandelwalIt was also discussed that chief executive officer misuse their financial power as the mayors are not kept in the loop. Bikaner mayor Bhavani Shankar Sharma said, \" Without consulting the mayor, the CEO uses the funds.\" Agreeing to the fact, mayors explained people have a wrong notion that a mayor can do everything and has unlimited powers and resources at his/her disposal. They are perhaps oblivious of the fact that a mayor has absolutely no or rather minimal financial and administrative powers at his/her disposal and instead it is the municipal commissioner who wields real and unchallenged power.Khandelwal claimed, we are demanding to seek revision in 74th constitutional Amendment Act and its implementation on the lines of southern states which provide a city-government concept where mayor gets the right to transfer of the officers.In the meeting the city mayor also informed that she recently met UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15383164", "title": "Bengal may lose two more IAS officers to Delhi", "text": "KOLKATA: Though Bengal continues to grapple with an acute shortage of IAS officers, the Mamata Banerjee-led government has cleared applications for two senior IAS officers to go on central deputation.Tuk Tuk Kumar and Raghavendra Singh - of the 1981 and 1983 batches - will take up their new responsibilities soon because the state has clearly stated that it has no problems in releasing them.However, speculation is rife in the corridors of power on why the two IAS officers are keen on leaving Bengal. Some people are of the view that Kumar and Singh were not on particularly amiable terms with a section of the top brass.Recently, they were both transferred out of important positions at Writers' Buildings. \"However, they were pressing for a central government deputation even before their transfer,\" said an official.Kumar - an official of the additional chief secretary rank who was the secretary of women and child welfare department - was transferred to the department of science and technology. Apparently, she had got into a row with the secretary to the chief minister over a note she had sent. This note of contention is also believed to have stalled her promotion. The move has come as a surprise for many as Kumar had returned only last year after a long stint in Delhi.Singh, who was the state tourism secretary, was recently transferred to Burdwan as the divisional commissioner. It is believed the IAS officer had some differences of opinion with tourism minister Rachpal Singh.Immediately before the transfer, the minister was said to annoyed with Singh over preparations for the department budget to be placed in the assembly, said sources. The other explanation doing the rounds is that he was transferred as divisional commissioner because the central deputation was in the offing.The state government justifies transfer of some IAS officers to Delhi since after the retirement of P K Pradhan and A S Lamba - who hold secretary-rank positions in the central government - there wouldn't be anyone from the Bengal cadre in Delhi in this rank for the next two years.The state government therefore wants IAS officers to hold influential positions at the Centre as this would be of benefit to Bengal.The fact remains that there is still a shortfall of 123 IAS officers in the state. While the cadre strength is 357, there are currently 234 officers in Bengal.There is talk that three officials - Roshni Sen, Vivek Kumar and Rajiva Sinha - who are to complete their deputation tenure, shall be back with the state government soon, said a senior official. Next year, three more officials, R S Shukla, Naveen Prakash and Gopal Krishna, are expected to be back.Atri Bhattacharya's tenure as secretary of Jute Manufacture Development Corporation has been extended, since the Centre is not agreeing to release him till Bengal finds a replacement, said an official. In any case, it will hardly solve the state government's problem as the number of officials is still a lot less than the cadre strength.Next year, three more officials are expected to be back - RS Shukla, Naveen Prakash and Gopal Krishna - and things may look slightly better, but that is still a long wait from now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15381043", "title": "Fiza, who eloped with former Haryana deputy CM, found dead", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fiza, aka Anuradha Bali who had eloped with and married former Haryana deputy chief minister Chandermohan Bishnoi three years ago only to be dumped soon, met a lonely and terrible end in her house at Mohali. Her highly decomposed body was found on Monday and police said the woman, who celebrated her 41st birthday on July 25, may have died about four days ago.\"The cause of her death is yet to be ascertained. Since the body is decomposed, we cannot say for sure whether it was suicide. There is possibility of foul play,\" said Mohali senior superintendent of police Gurpreet Singh Bhullar. An autopsy was scheduled for late Monday.Police found her body - bloated and maggot-infested \u2014 on a bed on the ground floor of her three-storied house in Mohali's Sector 48 after a call from a relative, who had come looking for her because she wasn't taking his calls for two days. A half-empty bottle of whisky, a glass and a packet of cigarettes were found on a table near the bed while her two cellphones were also found in the room.Police said they are studying her cell records and also looking into possible cases of animosity.Fiza, who was seen breaking roza just a week ago and then attending a kirtan in the neighbourhood, shot into limelight when she eloped with Chandermohan, son of Congress leader Bhajan Lal, in December 2008 and converted to Islam to marry him. While she took the name Fiza, Chandermohan, who was then deputy chief minister, rechristened himself Chand Mohammad. After running away, Fiza made a dramatic appearance before the media with her husband to announce their marriage.However, within two months, she was deserted by Chandermohan and then began a long phase of loneliness when she charged him with rape, attempted suicide (June 2009), campaigned against Bhajan Lal, joined a reality show, signed an yet-to-be produced Bollywood movie and even held talks with BSP to join active politics.Neighbours say her life changed after the death of her mother in June 2010. They complained of visitors frequenting her house in swanky cars and her frequent fights with neighbours. On Monday morning, she was scheduled to appear in the Mohali district court in a case of fight with a neighbour.Chandermohan, who claimed he has been at his in-laws' place in Rajasthan for the past few days, told TOI over the phone that he has \"no links with Fiza.\"Fiza's father had died long ago and two of her sisters live in Australia and Mauritius while one stays in Ambala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15384239", "title": "MLA wants rules bent for festival", "text": "THANE: Archaic laws which have lost relevance in present day situations should be temporarily overlooke dduring the festive season, according to NCP MLA Jitendra Awhad, who hosts the city's biggest dahi handi celebrations.The dahi handi in Thane has in the recent years turned into a grand event with leaders across parties working hard to grab media and local attention. Grand stages are erected on roads,blocking vehicular traffic while loud music blares from huge speakers, often drawing complaints from the locals.Thane municipal commissioner RA Rajeev, however, has has directed strict enforcement of the rulebook. He has instructed all dahi handi mandals to ensure that roads are not dug up to erect the stage and that three fourth of the space should be left vacant for easy traffic movement. It is learnt that quite a few mandals in the city have placed orders for Chinese stages which involve putting up iron plateson the road on which the poles are put up to build a make-shift stage. The technology is said to be expensive and not many organizers could afford it.The dahi-handi organized by Awhad's Sangharsh group will be documented by a Spanish film-making group and the event is expected to be telecast on a private TV channel. Awhad has announced prize money of Rs 30 lakh for dahihandi groups able to build a 10-tier human pyramid while the women's dahi handi group building a7-tier pyramid will be given Rs 5lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15384511", "title": "Senior police officer visits Varanasi neighbourhood to defuse communal tension", "text": "VARANASI: The police failed to make breakthrough in Sunday's incident of fanning communal tension by killing an animal at the highly sensitive Bajardiha area even after 24 hours of the incident. ADG (intelligence) OP Singh visited the city on Monday to take stock of the situation.Anti-social elements had tried to disturb communal harmony by slitting the throat of a cow in Bajardiha on Sunday. Timely intervention of police and sensitivity by local residents helped in normalizing the situation. The police registered a case in this connection. No arrest was made by Monday evening. SP (city) SK Singh said that police teams had also got clues about anti-social elements.The ADG (intelligence) reached the city in afternoon. He denied that his visit was planned specifically for Bajardiha incident but admitted that he had also visited Bareilly and Gorakhpur after the incidents of communal violence and bid to fan communal tension.He said that investigation was on in Bareilly and Bajardiha incident. Singh said that efforts to strengthen the intelligence units in all the districts had been continuing and sharp vigil is also being kept on senior officials to ensure that they are not overlooking any intelligence input.Singh also highlighted the measures being initiated for the timely disposal of passport verification process by the local intelligence units. He said that measures to make this process computerized are being initiated. He said that crisis of manpower and other resources in the department may end soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382652", "title": "Hindustan Aeronautics Limited engineer ends life", "text": "BANGALORE: Depressed at being diagnosed as a diabetic, a 29-year-old mechanical engineer of HAL hanged himself at his JP Nagar residence on Monday morning.HM Mallikarjun, a resident of Rajiv Gandhi Road in JP Nagar VI Phase, committed suicide when his wife KV Mahima was having a bath. \"The couple had been married for two years and had no children. Last week, doctors diagnosed him as diabetic,\" JP Nagar police said.Mallikarjun went under depression and didn't attend office regularly, police said. \"Around 10am, Mahima entered the room and found him hanging. There was no suicide note,\" police added.Elsewhere, in JP Nagar I Phase, a 23-year-old computer hardware professional hanged himself at home on Sunday morning. K Sridhar Holla, a native of Kukke Subramanya in Dakshina Kannada district, came to the city last November and joined a computer hardware company.According to the police, Sridhar's mother called him several times on Sunday morning but there was no response. She called her elder daughter Madhura Holla who stayed at a PG accommodation in Mathikere to check what had happened. \"Madhura arrived around 3.30pm and the house was locked from inside. With neighbours' help, she broke open the door and found Sridhar hanging from the ceiling fan. He left behind a suicide note, which read 'I am responsible for my death',\" police said. They're yet to establish what drove Sridhar to suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382325", "title": "Parliament panels spent over 1.8 crore on study tours in 3 years: RTI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over Rs 1.80 crore has been spent on study tours conducted by various Parliament committees during the last three years, an RTI response has revealed.Responding to an RTI application by activist Subhash Agrawal, the Lok Sabha secretariat has provided details of study tours undertaken by various committees since the constitution of the 15th Lok Sabha in 2009. The response shows that over Rs 1.80 crore was spent by 25 different committees on their study tours even as some committees are yet to submit their final bills.The LS secretariat said the observations made and experiences gathered by the committees during the study visits were utilized appropriately in the various reports of the committees presented to Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385931", "title": "Raaz 3: Emraan is like my mentor, says Esha Gupta", "text": "Model-turned-actress Esha Gupta, who would be sharing screen space with Emraan Hashmi for the second time in Vikram Bhatt's 'Raaz 3', is full praise for the actor and looks up to him as a mentor.The 23-year-old made her acting debut in 'Jannat 2' opposite Emraan. \"I love Emraan. I was really scared of him during 'Jannat'. He as a person is very quite. During 'Jannat', he used to give his scenes as a piece of cake and I would be looking at him. The moment he used to react I was like tongue tied. I had no idea what I was doing. But he is really sweet,\" Esha said in an interview.\"He was like calm down.. I have done worse than you in my first few films. I thought he is joking. But it was during the promotions of 'Jannat' when Mahesh Bhatt told me... in his initial films Emraan used to give 30-40 takes, I was like I am not that bad then. He is quite like my mentor he has given me a lot of tips,\" she said.Post, 'Jannat 2' life has become hectic for Esha considering the numbers of films she has on hands 'Raaz 3', Prakash Jha's 'Chakravyuh' and one more film with Bhatt camp. \"I am maintaining myself still the same way...the only thing that has changed is that life has become more hectic. My day starts at 5 am and gets over at 10.30 pm. Its a long day but I love it.. I can't sit idle. I think somewhere we start ignoring our family more because we don't get time...But I must say life is only getting better and better,\" she said. 'Raaz 3' is a sequel to 'Raaz' and 'Raaz: The Mystery Continues', where Esha will be seen alongside Emraan and Bipasha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381386", "title": "Police seal Lahoree guesthouse", "text": "NAGPUR: City police on Monday sealed the premises of Lahoree guesthouse at Dharampeth, some seven months after the raid in December last year by the then DCP Nishith Mishra in connection with a flesh trade racket. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay issued the sealing order for one year against the private guesthouse. It is learnt that city police are set to take action against some more places suspected to run brothels.Cops had arrested 13 people following the raid at the premises, and rescued two girls. Apart from the owners and management, the police had also arrested the customers and women who had sent the girls for the alleged flesh trade racket. Following investigations, the charge sheet was sent to the court.The CP, empowered by provisions of Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act, issued the sealing order which is said to be the first of its kind in the city. \"We will soon take action against more brothels in the coming days,\" said Dhanvijay.Despite criticism from a section of politicians over deteriorating law and order situation, district guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe had given a clean chit to Dhanvijay.Crime branch under senior PI Madhao Giri had also raided Lahoree bar and restaurant at the same premises last month. In the crime branch raid, around 18 youngsters were rounded up while police slapped cases against four from the management for allowing DJ music and dance at their premises without permission.In the latest crime branch action, 77 youngsters and several members of the management of Giripeth-based lounge and restaurant 'Mangi Forever' were booked for similar offences. Cases were slapped against the management for violating norms and allowing DJ and dance on their floors without procuring permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382163", "title": "Mob charges into hospital, 'assaults' doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: A doctor was allegedly assaulted by a mob at the Mahatma Gandhi Memorial hospital in Parel on Monday. Claiming that recruitment procedures were not followed correctly, Shiv Sena workers allegedly barged into the hospital and vandalized the place.In the last few weeks, forty vacancies in the blood bank and other departments had been filled. Hospital sources said a mob of 60 people stormed into the place on Monday.\"On Monday, sixty persons charged into the hospital and started assaulting a resident medical officer, Shankar Nirvankar, even as we were discussing some issues with a corporator and his group,\" said Dr Nimish Shah, medical superintendent of MGM Hospital.A party official said they had been 'compelled' to protest as rules had been bypassed in the recruitment process. \"We are also seeking that locals and children of employees be given priority in the recruitment,\" he added, stating that they would hold a meeting with the hospital management on August 16.Hospital authorities further added that they will register a complaint in Kalachowki police station and demand police protection in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15383957", "title": "Chaturvedi wants to show probe faults", "text": "MUMBAI: Provogue deputy managing director Salil Chaturvedi filed an intervention application before a sessions court on Monday seeking to be heard in the matter involving the policemen who had allegedly falsely implicated him in a 2005 drugs case. The court will hear the application on Tuesday.In the application, filed by lawyer Rizwan Merchant, Chaturvedi told the court that since he was the original complainant in the case, he wanted the liberty to address the court. \"The applicant is desirous of initiating appropriate proceedings to point out (the) deficiency in investigation,\" the application reads.The state CID, while booking two cops\u2014senior inspector Madhukar Gatade and investigating officer Subhash Kenjale\u2014in the alleged frame-up case invoked only sections of the Indian Penal Code and dropped the charges under the Narcotic Drugs and Pyschotrophic Substance Act.Furthermore, Chaturvedi said, the CID has remained silent on where the three grams of cocaine the police claimed to have found at his Lokhandwala residence actually came from. He wanted to file an affidavit to oppose the bail applications of the two cops. He also stated that the prosecutor needs assistance in the matter since, within such a short period, the prosecutor will not be able to get the complexity of the case and, besides, the offences committed by the accused are serious.Talking to TOI, Chaturvedi expressed partial relief at the chargesheet. \"Though the CID's finding has come as a big reprieve for me and my family, there is still sadness. My father passed away in 2009 while the stigma was still there,\" Chaturvedi said. \"Had the CID unearthed this earlier, my father's conviction that his son was innocent would have got cemented. This will hurt me all my life.\"\"The indication that these officers may be found guilty has rebuilt my faith in the judiciary. I am happy that corrective action is being taken. Still, I am surprised that Bhosle has been left out of the chargesheet,\" he said. \"I was strong enough to fight corrupt officials. I wonder what happens to the financially poor people who have been framed by corrupt policemen.\"(With inputs from Rebecca Samervel)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15380990", "title": "BHEL area faces rain fury", "text": "BHOPAL: Residents faced water-logging and flooding in several satellite colonies of BHEL area on Monday. The worst-hit colonies were Rishipuram, Pragati Nagar, Palash Parisar behind Berkhera church, Awadhpuri, Samanvay Nagar and Sundar Nagar, Rajat Nagar behind Sonagiri, housing colonies along Khjajuri Kalan and Rajiv Nagar, Sukh Sagar and others along Ayodhya by-pass.In Rishipuram extension and Pragati Nagar, water gushed into houses and residents had a sleepless night flushing out water. Gajendra Parashar, a resident of Pragati Nagar told TOI that waterlogging is a perennial problem in the colony. The residents dread monsoons as a few hours of heavy rains result in water entering the houses. Early Monday, two feet water on ground floor of most houses in the area and three feet water on the colony road, forced people to stay indoors. Encroachment of natural drains by developers with little or no space for water to flow out and heavy rainwater inflow from the ground adjoining St Xavier's School compounded the problem. Telephone lines in the colony were snapped.Rains have almost washed away new four-lane road connecting Indrapuri and Ayodhya by-pass. The roads, full of potholes made it difficult for motorists and two-wheeler riders to commute. On potholed JK road, traffic movement was affected in peak morning and evening hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382018", "title": "Rahul Gandhi's separate table at UPA lunch shows growing stature", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress heir apparent Rahul Gandhi shared the lunch table with top UPA ministers, separate from the tables headed by party chief Sonia Gandhi and by PM Manmohan Singh - seating arrangement at a luncheon that was seen as showcasing his growing independent stature.The lunch was hosted in support of Hamid Ansari for vice-president. The electoral college of 790 Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha MPs will vote on Tuesday.The three lunch tables \u2014 headed by PM, Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi \u2014 accommodated the heavyweights of UPA and supporting parties, putting together an unbeatable combine for Ansari's second tenure as VP. The presence of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , BSP supremo Mayawati and the Trinamool Congress contingent was the highlight of the lunch.Rahul's table was shared by home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , defence minister A K Antony, civil aviation minister Ajit Singh , Congress veteran Karan Singh, Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda and BSP leader Dara Singh Chauhan .UPA ministers Ambika Soni and Rajiv Shukla were seen welcoming the guests.Coming in the backdrop of his impending elevation in the party, a precursor to his projection as the PM candidate in 2014 polls, Rahul's independent seating from the top UPA duo was viewed by many leaders significant.BSP chief Mayawati shared the table with Sonia, which included allies like Sharad Pawar's daughter Supriya Sule and Trinamool minister Sudip Bandopadhyay. NCP chief Pawar and his colleague Praful Patel did not attend the luncheon.PM Singh had the company of Mulayam Singh Yadav, Bihar leaders Lalu Prasad and Ram Vilas Paswan , NCP MP Tariq Anwar, DMK chief Karunanidhi's daughter Kanimozhi and Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit .The turnout prompted UPA to claim that Ansari would poll over 500 votes. \"We should poll 250 votes more than BJP,\" a supporter said.Congress-led UPA, however, will face a tough opposition in the monsoon session of Parliament starting Wednesday.BJP and allies told an all-party meeting chaired by Speaker Meira Kumar that they wanted discussion on economic situation, Kokrajhar violence, drought and terrorism. The Left added labour unrest to the list.Though SP is supporting UPA, party MP Naresh Aggarwal said Samjawadi camp would raise Kokrajhar violence, economic crisis and would highlight how despite drought, the Union agriculture ministry remained unmanned for a week because of NCP-Congress tussle.UPA constituent Trinamool may seek to discomfit the government by joining the discussion on economic crisis to highlight the fund crunch in the party-ruled West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385764", "title": "Sequel bug bites Raj Chakrabarty", "text": "Like Bollywood , it's raining sequels in T-town. Close on the heels of \"Challenge 2\", \"Paglu 2\" and \"Cross Connection 2\" comes \"Prem Amar 2\" to be directed by Raj Chakrabarty.Raj, who had gone location-hunting to Malda, said, \"The film is tentatively titled \" PA2\" . There was a big demand for a sequel to \"PA\" and this was the right time to direct it.\" But can a sequel do as good business as the original? \"Lack of new titles prompt many directors to name a new film after an earlier hit. A sequel also means lesser risk as the original already has a place in the audience's heart. But \" PA2\" will certainly take things forward by many steps,\" explained Raj.The film also marks a 'sequel' of sorts for Raj, who's he's returning after two years to the production house that made him a hit director. \"I don't know the exact reason for the break and it wasn't healthy either. But I was never out of touch with them. Shrikantda (Shrikant Mohta) and I share a 'husband-wife' relationship (laughs). We fight but we can't stay without each other,\" said Raj.While Raj's last film, \"Dui Prithibi\", was a road movie, this film \u2014 which also has an element of travel \u2014 weaves in love stories. \"The film starts with two buses colliding on the highway in Behrampore because of rash driv ing. Then we go into a four-hour flashback. On the buses, there are students, a newly-wed couple, a guy taking his girlfriend to meet his parents, a girl travelling to Kolkata for the first time... each person with his own dreams. And then, how rash driving can destroy all those dreams. It's a film with a strong message,\" says Raj. Soham, Mimi , Payel, Abir, Sayoni, Kaushik, Debomoy and Susmita have pivotal roles, while Jeet Gannguli will score the music of \"PA2\", which Raj called the \"toughest\" film of his career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382302", "title": "GRP 'detects' bag at Dadar station in 35 mins", "text": "MUMBAI: The GRP on Monday conducted a drill at Dadar station, to check how quickly the force responds to an emergency. The dog and bomb detection and disposal squads and the RPF were also involved.\"The drill was held from 11.10am to 11.45am. GRP personnel were told that a call had been received about an unclaimed bag lying on platform 6. The personnel were supposed to locate the area, cordon it off so that commuters did not intervene, to ensure commuters do not intervene, and bring the dog squad that would sniff out the bag. Metal detectors and cameras were used,\" in the operation,\"said Prakash Kirdutt, Dadar GRP senior inspector.A bag with old clothes had been left on the spot. The time taken by each staffer to respond to the emergency was noted. \"The difficulties we faced were later discussed. The men were also briefed on how to rectify the errorsThe city police, that had been informed about the drill, had stationed their vehicle outside the station,\" Kirdutt added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383868", "title": "Principal booked for forcing schoolgirl to strip", "text": "PUNE: The principal of a girls' school in the Pune cantonment was booked on Monday for allegedly thrashing a ninth standard student and forcing her to strip in her office. The incident took place on July 9.The 14-year-old girl's parents had lodged a complaint with the Bund Garden police immediately after the incident.Senior inspector of the Bund Garden police station U N Sonawane said, \"The principal beat the girl in her office for misbehaving in school. The girl told us the principal forced her to strip later.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "15381793", "title": "Newlyweds kill selves", "text": "KALYAN: A newly-wed couple who had run away from West Bengal ended their lives in their rented Dombivli room on Sunday, worried that their parents may try and separate them. They hanged themselves hours before the girl's father reached Dombivli to take her back home.The deceased, Ashok Malik (25) and Radha (name changed as the victim is minor), are residents of Jaipura village in West Bengal. They had arrived in the city in June and were living in a rented room in Dombivli. Cops have sent both bodies for post-mortem.It is said that when both victim went missing from their home in Jaipur victim's family on 8 June lodge missing complaint with police.Vishnu Nagar police claimed that recently victim girl's father Madan Raseet learned through their relatives living in Dombivli about her daughter's address and telephone number.After which victim's father informed daughter that he is coming to take her back to house but coincidentally on Sunday night when he reached house and opened the door found both were hanging with ceiling fan.Police in investigation learned that both had got married recently. They suspect that victim who might be was in depression as both's family members were against their relationship and to get fear of being separated by family both might have taken this extreme step.According to R L Kulkarni, senior police inspector of Vishnu Nagar police station, \"We have registered suicide case in this matter and further probe is going on\".Police have sent death body for the post mortem to ascertain when an exactly victim has committed suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15380913", "title": "Rains batter Bhopal, water enters houses in many areas", "text": "BHOPAL: After a long spell of rain of varying intensity beginning from Sunday, residents on Monday faced problem of water-logging in several localities of old and new Bhopal. When rains stopped in the afternoon, residents began to pick threads of normal life disrupted by rains lasting over 34 hours. Late on Monday night, rains lashed the city again.The City recorded 175.02 mm of rainfall from 8.30 Sunday morning till 8.30 pm on Monday.More rainfall is in the offing. The weather office has issued a warning of heavy to very heavy rainfall in all the districts of Bhopal division in the next 48 hours.A large number of low-lying localities in New and Old Bhopal faced water-logging and some areas water inundation. In some localities, water entered houses up to as much as three feet and residents faced a tough time in emptying it out with buckets. In some houses water entered up to as high as three feet.Water level in the Upper Lake has gone up by 1.70 feet in the past 24 hours, indicating the intensity of rainfall in Bhopal and the neighbouring Sehore district.On Monday evening, the level was 1659.50 feet up from 1657.80 feet on Sunday. The good news is that the water level is still rising with Kolans and Uljhavan-the two rivers that feeds the Upper Lake - in spate.Kolar dam- another important source of water there is an increase of .90 metre. In the last 24 hours, the lake level has gone up to 450.50 metre from 449.61 metre on Sunday.Heavy rains caused a lot of inconvenience to the residents.Water-logging was experienced at the 10 No. bus stop, 11 No. stop, link road Nos. 1 and 2, New Market, Ban Ganga square, Habibganj under-bridge, Habibganj railway crossing, MP Nagar and important junctions, including Jyoti talkies and other major areas in Arera Colony, creating traffic jams .Water entered the houses, keeping a large number of residents of Gulmohar, Gautam Nagar, Nivesh Nagar near MANIT and 11 No. stop busy all day clearing water from their homes.\"Over-flowing nullahs caused waterlogging on the roads. Water also entered our homes. It happens every year,\" Yogita Singh, a resident of Gulmohar (Trilanga) said.\"The BMC squads were active throughout the night to prevent waterlogging in low-lying areas. The corporation is also distributing food in Bag Mugaliya, Jatkhedi and Leharpuri areas which were badly affected,\" Pramod Shukla, additional commissioner, BMC, told TOI.The BMC squads were on there toes throughout the day to clear streets, including the link roads Malviya Nagar, Central School road on Arera Hills, II No. bus stop .Habibganj under-bridge and railway crossing were jammed due to waterlogging. \"We were stuck in traffic jam near Habibganj railway crossing for almost half an hour as there was water everywhere. Water was also accumulated on railway tracks,\" said Sarita Sharma, a resident of Arera Colony.Water-logging was also experienced in many parts of the old city. \"Areas around Bhopal talkies, Sindhi Colony, Ghoda Nakkas, Intkhedi, Jehangirabad, and Mangalwara areas of old Bhopal were inundated after heavy rains,\" said BMC officials.\"Narrow roads and improper drainage system led to waterlogging here. We saw an auto-rickshaw half submerged near Sindhi Colony in morning,\" Kamal Moolchandani, a businessman said. \"Water entered our shops and we had to struggle a lot to clean up the mess,\" he added.BMC yet to get a fix on waterloggingThe Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) doesn't seem to have a plan to curb waterlogging. The civic body is yet to figure out a solution to prevent waterlogging at road junctions during monsoon.\"We do not have any immediate plan to get over the problem of waterlogging during monsoon this year. Apart from the corporation, other departments also construct roads. They have failed to construct roads as per the norm, creating the problem,\" said BMC additional commissioner Pramod Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15380934", "title": "Food and drug administration to start testing food samples with mobile laboratory", "text": "BHOPAL: The food and drug administration (FDA) officials would hit the roads again - only this time with an upgraded mobile laboratory to test and analyze food products on the spot. If contamination in food items is established, the food inspectors would be able to penalise violators on the spot, under the new food safety and standards authority of India (FSSAI) Act.The new mobile laboratory is likely to start functioning from September, which would travel across the state.MP food safety commissioner, M Geetha told TOI, \"The installation of mobile laboratories would help FDA test food samples quickly, picked right from the source of productions be its milk, vegetables or others. \"Our facility would be able to analyze the produce for different parameters of contamination,\" she said. The parameters include testing for colour, pesticide recede and hormones in products.The mobile laboratory would also promote transparency. \"Since, the test report would be available instantly, it would not leave much room for complaints,\" said FDA officer C Meena. Currently, laboratory test reports take about a fortnight to come. Businesses have often claimed that the elapsed time has a detrimental effect on their business.A budget of approximately Rs 55 lakh has been allocated for the new mobile laboratory. \"We are awaiting design specs as the chassis has already been purchased,\" said Meena.\"In addition the mobile lab would target facilities which have sickened people in the past,\" he added. A positive test result for contamination after sample screening can be sent for more extensive testing to confirm the mobile lab's results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382444", "title": "Citizens praise, experts criticize railway plan", "text": "MUMBAI: The railways' plan to extend the elevated rail corridor up to Mantralaya or Nariman Point evoked mixed reactions with residents and commuters demanding faster implementation of the project so that it will solve their transportation woes, while experts questioned its feasibility.\"It is a great idea and the railways should try to extend it up to Jamanlal Bajaj Marg. It will benefit lakhs of people who come here,\" Nariman Point Association secretary Ernest John said.He said there are 32 buildings in Nariman Point from which hundreds of commercial establishments operations employing thousands of people and the move would benefit all those commuters who come here on a daily basis.\"The project if planned in a proper manner is good. It will help decongest the roads, as many people will prefer to use the train service from Nariman Point,\" Nariman Point-Churchgate Citizens' Association president Swarn Kohli said.Most of the commuters believe that if the elevated rail corridor is extended, it will ease their commuting burden. \"Commuting is a nightmare. There is no space to park vehicles. The only option is to travel by BEST bus to CST or Churchgate. Though the frequency is good, it is inadequate because buses are finding it difficult to handle the ever-increasing load of passengers,\" Suresh Mehra, who works at Nariman Point, said.Some said they do not find transport from the premier business district for short routes. \"Usually, it is tough to find a taxi that is willing to travel short distance. Even if I travel up to Churchgate by non-AC train, I will be willing to board an AC train on the elevated rail corridor up to Nariman Point. I am sure it will cheaper and faster,\" Swati Naik, a Borivli resident, said.But experts were of a different opinion and felt that it would be expensive and time consuming. \"Rather than wasting resources on such projects, the authorities should try to encourage system like Bus Rapid Transport System ( BRTS),\" Sudhir Badami, a transportation expert, said.Another expert Ashok Datar was of the view that the distance from Nariman Point or Mantralaya to Churchgate was not far and people could walk it down. \"There is no need to spend such large sums on extension of this project. Instead, railways should think of connecting Churchgate to CST,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15382644", "title": "Ahead of polls, security beefed up at M S University campus", "text": "VADODARA: There is a fortnight to go before M S University Students Union (MSUSU) polls are held on MSU campus on August 22. However, the campus has already been turned into a fortress of sorts with strict security measures in place.On Monday, the security personnel of the university not only checked identity cards of students but also made outside elements do sit-ups. The security went tough even on love birds that were caught cuddling up at their favourite 'dating spots' inside the campus.Starting from 9 am onwards, the security personnel conducted several rounds of checking both at the main entrance gate near Sayajigunj and the D N Hall entry gate. During the drive, elements that were nabbed roaming inside the campus without any business were asked to do 'uthak baithak' as punishment.\"We have noted down names and addresses of all such elements who had made an unauthorized entry,\" MSU's security officer told TOI, adding that around 17 offenders submitted apology letters during the day while others were left out with warnings.The checking drive also resulted in some heated arguments after a parent of a first year student who was allegedly forced to do sit-ups reached the campus. The parent complained that his child had not received the identity card from the faculty and yet without listening to him the security personnel forced him to do the 'uthak baithak'. Things calmed down after intervention of cops.Going tough on love birds, the squad nabbed a boy and a girl, who were caught kissing between the Faculty of Arts and Faculty of Commerce buildings. Both these third year Bachelors of Commerce students were asked to write an apology letter, before the security personnel allowed them to go. Other love birds were prevented from indulging in public display of affection. The squad conducted the drive at all faculties except the Padra college and the Faculty of Performing Arts (music college) premises. MSU will hold a meeting with top police officials on Tuesday to ensure that the strength of security force is increased substantially.ABVP, NSUI to declare candidates todayVadodara: Ahead of the M S University Students Union (MSUSU) polls, student outfits are facing last moment hiccups before declaring names of their candidates for the posts of general secretary (GS), vice-president (VP) and faculty general secretaries (FGS). Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and National Students Union of India (NSUI) were expected to declare names of their candidates on Monday. Now they would declare the names on Tuesday. Sources suggest that ABVP has finalized its GS and VP candidates but their organizing secretary conducted a series of meetings on Monday to get a \"sense of the situation\". NSUI on its part is struggling hard to keep its flock together as names of candidates are being suggested from various quarters at the last moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15385570", "title": "Cognizant topples Infosys as No 2 IT co", "text": "CHENNAI: Cognizant has again upset the tech pecking order, displacing India's trophy tech firm Infosys from the second slot, albeit as expected.Cognizant was only a third of the size of Infosys in December 2002. TCS continues to retain the top slot. Cognizant also maintained and met its guidance of 20%, which it had set in the previous quarter. In May, the company had downgraded its guidance by 3 percentage points for the first time in four years. The stock was up nearly 12% at $64.67 a share in early trades at the Nasdaq (where it is listed).On Monday, Cognizant posted revenues of $1.795 billion for the June quarter versus $1.752 billion by Infosys. Cognizant managed to go past Infosys by about $43 million in just one quarter. Infosys lost $19 million of its topline in the June quarter and $35 million in the March quarter. Cognizant, founded as the technology captive arm of Dun &amp; Bradstreet Corp (D&B;) in 1994 in Chennai in recent years, has displaced several rivals on its onward march. Infosys had retained the second slot for around two decades before losing it to Cognizant on Monday.\"Overtaking of Infosys was widely expected,\" said Ankita Somani, IT analyst at Angel Broking. \"I expect TCS to also post close to 15%. In that sense, 20% growth is pretty strong.\"The last two quarters have been particularly weak for Infosys, while, in three of the last four quarters, Cognizant has added more incremental revenue than its peers, followed by TCS. Cognizant added $47.3 million to its March 2012 revenue and $84 million to its June revenue. The gap between Cognizant and Infosys could widen over the next few quarters going by the statements made by the respective CEOs.\"Clients continue to turn to Cognizant to help reinvent their business models in the face of secular industry changes, evolving demographics, and a new stack of social, mobile, analytics, and cloud technologies,\" said Francisco D'Souza, CEO of Cognizant. \"We are well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities due to our unique combination of management consulting and operational capabilities in areas such as large scale program management and change management.\"While declaring the results for June quarter, Infosys' Shibulal had said that the global environment had become a big challenge, consumer confidence not just in Europe but even in the US had fallen, and big deals were being cancelled. He said the environment had become so volatile that the company had decided not to issue a guidance for the second quarter.Gordon Coburn, president of Cognizant, however, said this dim scenario was in fact responsible for clients to opt for more services. \"Cognizant once again delivered industry-leading growth despite a challenging macro-economic environment,\" he said. \"This market downturn, as with those before, is serving as a catalyst for clients to embrace a broader range of our services.\"Cognizant's quarterly revenue grew by 4.95% on a quarter-on-quarter (QoQ) basis and 20.9% on a year-on-year (YoY) basis. Net profit for the company stood at $251.9 million, up 21.1% compared to $208 million in the previous quarter. \"The main problem is Infosys' continued focus on margins while companies like Cognizant are aggressively trying to expand their market share,\" said an IT analyst with a financial advisory services firm.\"Another positive thing about Cognizant's results is that there is no decline in guidance. The company has also posted a growth of 16% QoQ in its revenues from rest of the world showing its efforts in diversifying its geographical spread of revenue.\"Cognizant also repurchased over $358 million of shares during the second quarter, reflecting its strong cash flow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15382888", "title": "UP Power Corporation Limited's no to Power Corporation Limited panel on transformers", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an apparent rebuff to the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) has refused to be a part of a committee to review transformer companies. The panel will scrutinize its own earlier decision to blacklist the companies which allegedly supplied faulty transformers.The UPPCL had blacklisted nine transformer companies in June this year after complaints of large-scale anomalies in equipment supplied by them. But, now it wants to revisit its order and set up a panel of experts to find out whether the decision to blacklist those companies was right. Significantly, one of these companies is owned by a senior IAS officer's kin. P 3On Monday, the PCL sent a letter to the UPERC requesting it to nominate a member to the panel set up to assess the blacklisted companies. On Monday, the commission told the corporation that it would not be legally sound to be part of the committee days after it had asked the PCL to blacklist the companies for supplying faulty transformers that got damaged in the peak of summers. It led to severe power crisis often resulting into law and order problem in the state.UPERC secretary Arun Srivastava in a written reply sent to the corporation, in fact, said that a quality control committee of the commission had already taken a note of the situation and had asked the corporation to take necessary action against the erring companies. The quality control committee of the commission had reiterated the fact that only suppliers of minimum 3-star/4-star rated high-quality transformers should be eligible to participate in the tendering process. Also, the blacklisting should not be revoked, the committee had said.Interestingly, the energy department last week decided to form a three-member committee headed by an 'eminent engineer' to seek versions of the companies and corroborate with its own findings about the quality of transformers. On Monday, UPPCL director (finance), SK Agarwal wrote a letter to the UPERC chief requesting him to nominate a member to the panel. The letter also said that the proposed committee would be headed by GP Singh, the former chairman of UPERC. Interestingly, Singh at present, is with the Jaypee group.These companies had been blacklisted after chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , during a review meeting on June 26, directed the UPPCL administration to take action against them. Akhilesh, in an interview to TOI, had blamed the previous government for procuring poor quality power equipment which resulted in power crisis. Within hours of the CM directives, the then UPPCL chairman Avanish Awasthi blacklisted six companies -- PME Noida, RTS Jaipur, Technocrat, Accurate, PP Industries and Swaska -- and issued notices to a few others. On June 28, the PCL blacklisted three more companies -- Modern transformers, Laxmi transformers and East India Industries.However, a month later, on July 31, Awasthi was sent packing. Though his transfer coincided with the failure of the national grid with the Centre blaming the UP government for overdrawal, the buzz in the corridors of power - especially within the IAS cadre -- was that he had been removed after lobbying by some high-profile transformer companies which were blacklisted by Awasthi.Well-placed UPPCL sources confirmed to TOI that Awasthi was about to recommend action against some of the engineers who had once inspected the transformers which could not bear the load of power and went dysfunctional in the peak of summers. He had already suspended chief engineer of Aligarh KK Singhal and superintending engineer Narendra Agarwal.This is very much similar to the action taken by Awasthi on November 14, 2008, when he, in the capacity of PCL managing director, blacklisted a dozen companies. However, on January 1, 2009, Awasthi was transferred. The confidential note issued by the then director distribution, Arun (TOI has a copy of it), spoke of some 12 such companies which provided faulty transformers. The report shows that the transformers supplied by some of the companies had an alarming fault rate of nearly 10% per year while the PCL generally followed the practice of blacklisting companies with 5% and more fault rate.In the previous regime, the blacklisted companies were let off the hook and then came back into the business with the UPPCL. That the quality of transformers was comprised came to the fore after thousands of transformers got damaged in the peak of summers this year. In Lucknow alone, over 500 transformers got damaged within a period of three months.A senior UPERC official said that circumstances clearly showed that the matter was being hushed up. When there is a quality control committee, and it has already found the quality of transformers to be compromised then where is the need for another committee,'' said a senior official, on the condition of anonymity.The issue has already snowballed into a raging controversy with the UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad demanding intervention of the UP chief minister. \"First they (officials) punished the companies during the power crisis and now they are trying to hush up the matter. Such actions do not gel with the government which claims itself to being anti-corruption,'' said parishad president AK Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382551", "title": "Drought forces cancellation of sahitya sammelan", "text": "BANGALORE: The second consecutive drought in Karnataka has affected religious, literary and cultural celebrations. And the 79th All India Kannada Sahitya Sammelan is the latest casualty.The annual literary meet scheduled to be held at Bijapur in November-December won't be held due to drought and lack of drinking water. \"It is difficult to hold the meet due to drought. When we hold such a big event, we shouldn't have to face a drrinking water problem. We haven't cancelled it, but postponed it to next year, probably in January or February,'' said Kannada Sahitya Parishat president Pundaleeka Halambi.However, holding it early next year may be difficult due to elections. If everything goes well, polls should be held in May 2013. \"If elections are announced for that month, it may not be difficult to hold the meet,\"said Halambi.The state government has already announced that Dasara will be a low-key affair this year. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar has announced that due to drought, it wouldn't be appropriate to hold the celebrations at Mysore on a grand scale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15382430", "title": "To speak to Fiza was like asking for humiliation, says neighbour", "text": "MOHALI: Anuradha Bali, who for the last couple of years was better known as Fiza, was like any other normal woman in Sector 48-C, with its middle-of-the-road folk considering her, typically, as the daughter of the colony. Things, however, changed rapidly after her mother's death in 2010.According to residents, Fiza's parents and their four daughters (Fiza was the eldest) were a happy family who made it a point to attend social functions and gatherings in their neighborhood.\"Things changed drastically for her after her mother's death in June 2010. Fiza was a changed woman after that and I don't remember if I ever talked to her after Mrs Bali died. To speak to Fiza was like asking for humiliation and abuses,\" said Raman Gupta, a neighbour.Shikha, a housewife who lives in the same neighborhood, said, \"I had a heated argument with Fiza after she threatened some of our locality's children. She told them not to play in the ground, facing her house. She grew aggressive and even jostled with kids trying to slap her. Thereafter, my whole family and neighbours stopped talking to her.\"Although Fiza wasn't on talking terms with any one in the locality for the past two years, there was no dearth of visitors to her house. People said guests, mainly men of different age groups, came in swanky cars even at odd hours. Fiza lived at a ground-facing 167 square-yard corner house (number 216) in Sector 48-C.\"She wouldn't allow anybody to park in front of her house as she wanted that space to remain available for her friends. There were instances when she deflated our cars tyres and even burnt the bicycle of a washerman,\" said Sunita Moudgil, a neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15381466", "title": "Police custody remand for accused in Khandve murder case till August 8", "text": "YAVATMAL: Wadgaon Road police have obtained the police custody remand (PCR) for one of the accused in Umesh Khandve murder, Arif Shah Sharif Shah (21), a resident of local Bangar Nagar, till August 8. Cable operator Umesh Khandve was brutally murdered on Saturday in front of Mai hotel on Arni road by a gang of six.The other accused in the case are still at large. Wadgaon Road police on Monday brought the Maruti car abandoned by the fleeing attackers from Sindhi police station.A local builder, Sachin Bharati, and his business partner, Raju Lohana, are those among the absconding accused.When contacted, PSO Sarjerao Gaikwad said they are interrogating Arif for obtaining more information in the case. \"We will soon arrest the five absconding accused,\" said Gaikwad.Two talathis, clerk suspendedDistrict collector Ashwin Mudgal on Monday approved suspension of two talathis in Arni tehsil and one clerk in Yavatmal tehsil for dereliction of duty and fabrication of documents.According to the collector, two talathis, VS Rajurkar and VH Thakre, were prima facie involved in fabricating land records pertaining to the Lower Painganga River irrigation project. The affected land owners had lodged complaint against the talathis who corrected their 7/12 extracts for monetary gains.The clerk with Yavatmal tehsil was entrusted with conducting survey and releasing ex-gratia to the flood affected people in the tehsil. Hivri village is one of the most affected villages in the tehsil. However, the clerk delayed the ex-gratia payment to the villagers.The Yavatmal tehsildar had also served a notice on the clerk with a stern warning to mend ways but to no avail. Finally, he proposed the suspension of the erring clerk and the same was approved by the collector on Monday.Sources said the Yavatmal tehsildar had proposed suspension of two clerks but name of one of them was dropped at the SDO level. He has now been given some more time to improve his working style, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382171", "title": "Govt wants MPs, MLAs to share CCTV costs", "text": "MUMBAI: The cash-strapped Maharashtra government may soon hammer out a new formula to raise funds for installing CCTV cameras in major cities, by getting elected representatives to contribute from their statutory funds.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said if any city presents a proposal to install CCTV cameras and the local corporation along with elected representatives (MLAs and MPs) are willing to contribute for the project, then the state government too will contribute a share for such a proposal.\"I, as the state's finance minister, would not be tight-fisted if MPs and MLAs come forward and share the state government's burden to install CCTV cameras across the state,\" Pawar said during an informal chat with mediapersons at Mantralaya on Monday.The issue assumed significance as after the serial blasts in Pune last week, several CCTV cameras installed in the city were found to be non-functional. Expressing his displeasure over Pune police commissioner Gulabrao Pol's statement that the blasts were not a terror attack, he said, \"The Pune CP should have verified facts before giving any statements to the media.\"He said the cost of installing CCTVs in Pune is around Rs 30 crore. Of this, Rs 10 crore would be borne by the state government, Rs 10 crore by the MLA and MP Development Fund and Rs 7.5 crore and Rs 2.5 crore by the Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations respectively. \"Similarly, if there are proposals from other cities where elected representatives are prepared to dip into their statutory funds and bear the expenditure for the project, then the state will immediately sanction the proposal,\" Pawar added. Inquiries revealed that the government isn't willing to shoulder the entire burden of installing CCTVs across the state.Earlier, NCP chief Sharad Pawar had raised the issue of elected representatives participating in a public cause. At a meeting of party ministers, Pawar pointed out that Gujarat MLAs shared the burden of water supply projects in that state, which helped it successfully tackle its water crisis. Meanwhile, home minister R R Patil said on Monday that the NCP chief's criticism of his department reflected the general public view. Pawar, at the meeting of NCP ministers last week, slammed the Maharashtra home department for repeated blasts in the state. The NCP chief's criticism was seen as a rap on Patil's knuckles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15381734", "title": "Babugames rule the day in Secretariat", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an order that reflects both bureaucratic bungling and cunning, IAS officer Dinesh Kumar, who was shifted out of the energy department on the weekend on the pretext of appointment to a central deputation, was made principal secretary of the revenue department (stamps and registration) on Monday.This after he was relieved of duties in the energy department without being sent the orders asking him to join the central government. Dinesh was slated to join the Food Corporation of India (FCI) as executive director but, now, it seems that the order may not be on its way for the time being.But to placate the shunted-out energy secretary who saw through the game behind his ouster and also to fix principal secretary Ajay Mishra of the general administration department (GAD), Dinesh was given additional charge of special chief secretary in GAD.Being a 1983 batch IAS officer, Dinesh is only a principal secretary who, after being given the job of special chief secretary, will obviously get to oversee the work of Mishra. Mishra had been all-powerful during the tenure of the previous chief secretary, Pankaj Dwivedi, who retired last month.\"This is an order drafted in a ham-handed manner. It is either an act of bungling or cunning? I don't know. But it will serve to fix Mishra,\" said a senior civil servant. \"The better way to get him out would have been by transferring him instead of issuing an order of this sort,\" he added.For those coming in late, Dinesh was a favourite of K Rosaiah and had also served in the personal office of the former chief minister.Not difficult to understand then why present chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy has no great liking for him. But civil service watchers are clear that the manner in which Dinesh was ousted was not Kiran's doing but the handiwork of interested civil service officers.The grapevine suggests that new chief secretary Minnie Mathew, who is otherwise maintaining a low profile, is keen on bringing in IAS officer A Vidyasagar as principal secretary, GAD.But sources insist that the novel ploy to sideline Mishra has been thought up by other interested parties and is not her idea. However, Mathew did sign the order.\"These are all bureaucratic games that are routinely played out in the Secretariat. Some of them come fall in public view. Some don't,\" said a retired IAS officer. The principal secretary of GAD is an important post because the incumbent oversees all crucial transfers and promotions. Civil service watchers perceive that once Dinesh goes to the Centre, Vidyasagar may come to fill the crucial post.Meanwhile, special chief secretary for tourism and culture, Chandana Khan, after being relieved of her charges in the primary education department has again been handed charge of the department as an additional duty.Likewise, Manmohan Singh , principal secretary in the animal husbandry, fisheries and dairy development department, was given full additional charge of the government housing department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15386056", "title": "Maattrraan's title idea", "text": "Ever wondered why Maattrraan was spelt that way? Well, it seems that K V Anand, the director of the film, hit upon the idea for the title because it represents the conjoined twins in the film! The film has Suriya in a dual role as conjoined twins while Kajal Aggarwal plays the heroine. This idea has come in for much praise among fans on the Internet.The film has music by Harris Jayaraj and is set to have its audio launch at Singapore Expo on August 9, which is also celebrated as Singapore National Day. All eyes are on the project as it marks the return of the superhit combination of Ayan , which also had Suriya, K V Anand and Harris coming together. For the launch, the composer will unveil the songs by playing some of the numbers and some from previous Suriya films he's worked on. Fans are eagerly awaiting to check out if the magic of this succesfull combination will work out yet again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15383770", "title": "Parents up ante against school collecting excess fees", "text": "MADURAI: Parents of students studying in Harveypatti High School have alleged that the school failed to adhere to instructions from the chief education officer (CEO) and continued to charge exorbitant fees from them. They submitted a petition to the district administration in this regard and sought its intervention. They also said that students who failed to pay the fees demanded by the school management were ill-treated and the authorities were forcing the parents to collect the transfer certificates of their wards if they were not willing to pay the fees demanded by them.About 20 parents visited the collectorate on Monday during the public grievance redressal meeting and submitted a petition to district collector, Anshul Mishra. The parents had earlier submitted a petition to the district administration on June 18, stating that the school, which is aided, collects exorbitant fees from the students against the norms.S Sivakumar, along with C Sethuraman, whose wards are studying in the school, had submitted the petition in this regard. Upon receiving the petition, Mishra had ordered for an inquiry and CEO, S Nagaraja Murugan inspected the school on June 19. In his reply to the district administration and parents, he said that the school was found to be collecting more fees from the students. Besides, the school had not received any order from the fees committee on fixing the fees for self-financed classes.The school had communicated that Rs 2,000 was collected from English medium students and the education officials had ordered it to stick on to the same fee patterns and send out the proposals to the committee to get the government stipulated fee. Besides, the CEO also instructed the school to remit the excess fee collected from the parents and communicate the same to his office. tnnOn Monday, the parents levelled charges against the school that their wards were made to sit on the grounds without any classes being taken for them. Sivakumar said the school management was responding to them rudely and forcing them to collect the TCs. Upon receiving the petition, Mishra directed the education department officials to look into the matter immediately.When contacted, A Geetha, headmistress of the school, however, refuted the parents' charges and insisted that the school management did not ill-treat the students and the parents over fee issue. \"The education department officials inspected the school again on Monday and we have fixed the fee as Rs 2,000 for self-financed students and the same has been displayed in the black board as well,\" she mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383599", "title": "City gets fleet of 70 new ambulances", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Monday added a fleet of 70 new smaller ambulances that will be able to ferry patients from congested areas.With the introduction of this fleet, the number of ambulances in the city has increased to 101.Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit said that the new fleet of CAT ambulances will be controlled through an ITbased Central Control Room using TETRA wireless communication system, MIS and GIS/GPS technology.Delhi health minister Dr A K Walia said that personnel selected for manning the vehicles have been given three week intensive training in ambulance services in AIIMS , RML, MAMC/ and GTB hospital among others.\"They have also been given wireless communication skills training by the Delhi police. Ambulance drivers are also trained for providing necessary assistance to the Ambulance paramedic in patient handling,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15382290", "title": "Sikhs protest attack on US gurudwara", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over 200 Sikhs staged a two-hour dharna in front of the US Consulate in Begumpet on Monday condemning the attack on a gurudwara in Wisconsin, US. Seven Sikhs died after a man opened fire on devotees at the gurudwara. The protesters described the incident as \"senseless and barbaric killing\". They protested under the aegis of the Andhra Pradesh Sikh Welfare Association.Later, a delegation led by S Iqbal Singh, S Harbans Singh and S Pritam Singh submitted a memorandum to the consulate officials condemning the act of violence against the community and deplored other hate crimes against Sikhs in that country.The US consulate authorities told the delegation that the Wisconsin incident was unfortunate and regretted the heinous killing and informed them that the matter would be brought to the notice of the higher-ups.\"This is a shocking incident not only for Sikhs, but all Americans as it is an attack on a house of worship,\" the authorities said.The delegation requested American law makers to assure safety and protection to Sikhs staying in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15394111", "title": "Janmashtami: 8 lakh expected at 5-day fair today", "text": "RAJKOT: Come Janmashtami and all roads lead to Race Course. Rajkot district collectorate is all geared up for one of the biggest fairs in Saurashtra, the five-day 'Swami Vivekanand Sanskrutik Lokmelo-2012'.The fair will be inaugurated by finance minister Vajubhai Vala today. It will get off to a colourful start with a 45-minute traditional performance.As many as 310 stalls of rides and food have come up at the venue. At least 8 lakh people from various parts of Saurashtra are expected to throng Rajkot for the annual fair.The city police have made adequate security arrangements at Race Course and special parking zones have also been set up. Police have also deployed their men on watch towers to keep an eye on suspicious elements. Doctors, fire brigade and ambulances will be present at the venue.Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) will ensure adequate water supply at the fair. Stall owners have been told to maintain hygienic conditions around their stalls or face fine. \"We have placed metal detectors at entry points,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15383435", "title": "Greater Cochin Development Authority, PWD fight over old harbour bridge", "text": "KOCHI: The Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) has taken exception to PWD backing out of a decision to handover the old harbour bridge to the authority. The controversy stems from PWD's move to rope in GCDA for renovating the bridge at a cost of about Rs 75 lakh without transferring its ownership.GCDA chairman N Venugopal alleged that a lobby of officials had acted against the decision taken in the presence of PWD minister V K Ibrahimkunju on the issue. \"The minister had assured that GCDA would be given the responsibility to repair, operate and maintain the bride. But now, PWD has officially communicated that our job would be restricted to renovating the bridge according to its specifications. GCDA cannot accept such agreements,\" he said. PWD wanted the development authority to refrain from granting permission to ad agencies to place advertisements on the bridge. It also instructed GCDA to use 'thambakam', a specific type of wood for renovating the bridge. It was also stipulated that a three-member committee comprising representatives of PWD, GCDA and District Tourism Promotion Council would monitor the work.Earlier, a meeting convened by Union minister of state K V Thomas had mooted a proposal to preserve the old harbour bridge as a heritage structure. It was decided to restrict movement of heavy vehicles over the bridge and keep it open for tourists.The 82-year-old bridge connects Mattancherry, Willingdon Island and Fort Kochi with the main city. With the opening of the new Thoppumpady Bridge, the old bridge was closed to traffic.The bridge, built by the British, was first taken over by the Cochin Port Trust (CPT), and later by the PWD. \"For the last six years, the PWD has not carried out any maintenance work on the bridge,\" said Venugopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15383477", "title": "Nightmarish potholes give drivers the jitters", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The roads dug up for the Japan drinking water project in Cherthala have now become death traps for motorists. The water leaking from the pipes laid for the project is damaging the roads, which had been repaired after the pipes were laid.On Sunday, a 57-year-old autorickshaw driver, Krishnakumar Shenoy of Kochi, was killed after a private bus rammed his vehicle that had got stuck in a pothole at Thanneermukkom on the Cherthala-Thanneermukkom Road.According to Muhamma sub-inspector S Biju, there are several such craters on roads that had been dug up for the project. \"There are huge craters right in the middle of Cherthala-Thanneermukkom Road, Cherthala-Arookutty Road and Alappuzha-Thanneermukkom Road. Many major and minor road accidents have been reported from these regions,\" Biju said.\"After laying the pipelines for the project, PWD repaired the Cherthala-Thanneermukkom Road after strong protests by the people. However, within days craters and potholes started reappearing. We come across accidents on this stretch daily. It's two-wheeler riders who are mostly the victims,\" said Purushan of Kunduvalavu.\"We had been using water supplied by the Kerala Water Authority for 25 years. However, after the Japan drinking water project was launched on January 4 this year, we took a pipe connection from that project. But since then, we have not been getting water properly though we pay Rs 42 per month. In the last two weeks, we haven't got even a drop of water. We have complained to KWA officials, but to date no one has come to enquire about this,\" said Kumari Harikumar of the sixth ward in Thanneermukkom grama panchayat.Pramod of Pallippuram said though water was leaking from pipes laid for the Japan project in Cherthala and damaging roads, both KWA and PWD had not done anything about it.Jayakumar Varma, superintending engineer, Japan drinking water project, said 662-km long new pipelines had been laid for the project. \"However, we are also using 600-km KWA pipelines (existing) for supplying water. These pipes sometimes develop leaks. We are taking steps to resolve the issue,\" Varma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15382968", "title": "Coimbatore auto unions suggest new rates", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Coimbatore District Auto-workers Committee, a platform of auto unions in the city, in a petition to the district collector has stated that autorickshaws in the city are willing to run on meter provided the rates were revised with the minimum fare fixed at Rs 40 and Rs 20 added for every additional kilometre.P K Sugumaran, president of the committee, said the rise in the price of petrol and oil has forced rickshaw drivers to demand higher fares. A litre of petrol with oil costs around Rs 94. On an average, autos run 25 kilometres in one litre of petrol, out of which an average of 10 km is without customers. He claimed that a uniform metered rate across the state was not viable. \"In Chennai, autos get more business. Living expenses are also more. So the fare in Coimbatore cannot be the same as it is in Chennai,\" he said.The committee also explained the economics of the autos. According to the committee, an auto, on an average, need three litres of petrol daily to run 75 kilometres. Of this, the driver gets a customer for about 45km. This works out to an income of Rs 900, from which Rs 282 goes to meet the fuel cost and Rs 150 to the owner as rent. Driver expenses work out to a minimum of Rs 100. The rest, Rs 368, is the driver's daily income, out of which he needs to meet the cost of maintenance of the vehicle. The petition has sought the district administration's intervention to fix the fares. Sugumaran said autos would follow the suggested fare rate until the price of petrol crosses Rs 100 per litre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "dr a muruganathan, president of association of physicians of india (api), was in the city recently to install the organisation's vidarbha chapter. he spoke to toi on issues like dwindling tradition of family doctors and necessity of lifestyle modification. excerpts", "code": "15381349", "title": "'Faith missing from doctor-patient relationship'", "text": "Dr A Muruganathan, president of Association of Physicians of India (API), was in the city recently to install the organisation's Vidarbha chapter. He spoke to TOI on issues like dwindling tradition of family doctors and necessity of lifestyle modification. Excerpts:Q: Has the concept of a family doctor or physician undergone changes over the years?A: Today, if somebody has cold, they contact an ENT doctor, for eye problem, they visit the nearest ophthalmologist. Earlier, family physicians would advise people on which doctor to consult and when, whatever may be the illness. They would know the medical history of a patient's entire family, making diagnosis and treatment easier. This kind of doctor-patient relationship commanded faith, which is missing now.Q. What is the role of a physician now?A. An MD in general medicine is well-equipped to handle all medical emergencies. People don't run to a specialist for fever or headache which may have more than a hundred causes. So, they resort to self-medication. This is what led to the physicians coining fancy terms like diabetologists and geriatricians.Q. The low number of doctors and increasing burden of illnesses are being discussed a lot. Can physicians help?A. If the tradition of a family doctor could be revived. This way only those requiring critical care would be sent to the specialists, with a majority being seen by the physicians.Q. What is most important quality for a physician?A. For any good doctor, being a good listener is a very important. Spending time to hear the patient speak about their troubles, which may not even be medical, may help reach the cause of the disease, which could be eating an allergic substance or some personal problem.Q. Is there anything you wish the patients could pay more attention to?A. Many times, people do not complete the required dosage of medication, which leaves them susceptible to a relapse of the disease as an antibiotic resistance develops among them. We have deadlier forms of tuberculosis today, thanks to this habit. Another thing is people do not come for follow-up visits as and when told. Lifestyle modification is another aspect that is seldom implemented. All attempts to make people exercise meet with a standard excuse - 'No time'. For most people, it is the lack of will.Q. Is there something in modern lifestyle that people should do away with?A. Any activity that one does should get one's complete attention, whether eating, playing or bathing. One of the worst habits we have picked up is eating in front of the television. Whether one becomes happy or sad as a result of what is shown on TV, the result is eating more.Q. Is there a need to better train and educate people on health?A. Yes , parents and teachers are often the first to note several vision and hearing related disorders. If they were trained a little more, several diseases can be prevented and many can be caught at an early stage. If health education is made a part of school curriculum, children can grow up right habits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381603", "title": "Wildlife wardens resent additional appointments", "text": "NAGPUR: Four months after the honorary wildlife wardens were appointed by the state government, there is wrangling over move to appoint more wardens. The districts where government plans to appoint additional honorary wildlife wardens include Nagpur, Amravati, Akola, Gondia Chandrapur and Buldhana. Names of wardens in Gondia and Chandrapur have been stalled despite approval.On March 21, government had released a list of 27 district wardens while those of seven districts was held up owing to police verification reports of candidates. All the appointments were recommended by the state wildlife board (SWB). Section 4 of the Wildlife (Protection) Act 1972 empowers the government to appoint honorary wildlife wardens. The names are first recommended by the deputy conservator of forests at district level and sent to the government through the principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) for wildlife. They are then approved by the state wildlife board (SWB).However, now exactly the opposite is happening. Proposals are being forwarded from the top to the PCCF (wildlife). This has led to wranglings as those appointed through proper channel have expressed resentment over the move and threatened to quit. In Nagpur, Kundan Hate of Satpuda Foundation has been appointed. However, now name of Rohit Karoo of Umred-based NGO Wildlife Conservation Development Centre (WLCDC) is also being recommended.Similarly, in Amravati name of Jayant Wadatkar is being pushed where Vishal Bansod has been appointed. In Buldhana, Gondia and Chandrapur, names recommended by local leaders have been proposed. Hate has protested the move and has threatened to quit if another person is appointed. In a letter to PCCF (wildlife) SWH Naqvi on August 4, he said this was an insult to the post. The three-year term of all 27 wardens will end on March 20, 2015.\"There should be no backdoor entry as wildlife wardens. Those interested should have come through proper channel following legal process,\" Hate said. Naqvi did not go into the details but said some fresh proposals were being sent to the government. Honorary wildlife warden of Akola Devendra Thelkar and Manjit Singh Sikh from Buldhana said instead of appointing additional wardens, government should concentrate on districts where there were no wardens.Rules emphasise the importance of choosing right persons as wildlife wardens. The chief wildlife warden should recommend only those having capacity to render help to official machinery and having local standing that makes them effective, especially in conveying conservation message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382136", "title": "Girl injured after falling off train", "text": "MUMBAI: A ten-year-old girl sustained injuries after falling off a long-distance train while commuting with her parents from Ahmedabad to Virar on Monday. The Government Railway Police (GRP) is now probing whether the girl's parents had attempted to alight at Virar, despite it not being a scheduled halt.Vrushali Solanki, the victim, is a resident of Makwana Complex in Virar. She was travelling by Karnavati Express with her mother, Bhagwati, from Ahmedabad on Monday.The mother-daughter duo was standing on the footboard of the train when it passed Virar around 11.30 am. The train's scheduled halt was at Borivali station. The train slowed down on reaching Virar station's platform 4. There's a possibility that the mother-daughter attempted to jump off the running train, in order to save travel time. But Vrushali lost her balance and had a bad fall. Bhagwati panicked when she saw her daughter fall. She was helpless as the train picked up speed, which meant that she couldn't jump off to her daughter's rescue. Bhagwati continued to travel in the same train and alighted at Borivali station. The anxious mother then travelled backwards, looking for her daughter.\"GRP personnel, present on the platform, rushed to help Vrushali. She was taken to Sanjeevani Hospital opposite Virar station. But the doctors suggested that the child be shifted to a better-equipped hospital, following which we shifted her to KEM Hospital. When Bhagwati came to the GRP chowky, we took her to see her daughter,\" said senior inspector Praful Kshirsagar of Vasai GRP.Activists stressed on the need to make better equipment available in the hospitals listed by the Railways for emergency medical treatment, such as Sanjeevani at Virar.No case has been registered by the GRP. Officials are trying to confirm if Vrushali's father, Rajesh, was travelling with her and Bhagwati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385242", "title": "It's a wrap for Priya Anand", "text": "Actress Priya Anand has finished shooting for her second Hindi film, Rangrez. Directed by Priyadarshan , the film is a remake of the Tamil hit Nadodigal, and has her paired opposite Jackky Bhagnani .Priya tweeted, \"Can't believe it's a wrap for me with the talkie portions of Rangrez ! I've grown so fond of the cast and crew. Thankful for this experience!\"She added, \"Had a super good time rehearsing with choreographer Prasanna Sujit. The last time we worked together was for Nootrenbadhu . \"Priya reprises Ananya's character in the film, and started shooting for her role a couple of weeks ago in Mumbai.The actress seems to have had a whale of a time while working on the film. She had written, \"I can't believe team Rangrez decided to play a prank on me today! I'm sure you guys will have a good laugh when you watch the making! I've gotten to learn two Marathi folk songs, thanks to English Vinglish and Rangrez .\"While Sajid-Wajid has scored the music for the film, Snatosh Sivan has handled the camera. Priya wrote, \"I can't stop myself from running to the monitor every time they say cut to see Santosh Sivan's magic!\"We hear Priya will take off to Hyderabad next to shoot for her Telugu film with Sharva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383077", "title": "Private agency to develop Moshi traffic park", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) has decided to appoint a private agency to develop facilities at its traffic park in Moshi.PCNTDA's chief executive officer Yogesh Mhase said on Monday that the authority has developed basic facilities at the traffic park. \"However, a lot remains to be developed, like simulators and indoor and outdoor training facilities. We will also need two- and four-wheeler vehicles to train. people. We need the help of a private organisation in our initiative,\" he said.Mhase said, \"We want the project to be run by a private company as part of its corporate social responsibility initiative for three years to begin with.\"The traffic park has been developed on a five-acre plot off Spine Road in Moshi at a cost of Rs 7 crore. Various facilities have been created to teach sitizzens driving skills and help them hone their skills. Different types of road surfaces have been made at the park which will eventually help people drive on actual roads, PCNTDA officials said.Mhase said the traffic park has an administration and maintenance centre near the entrance. There will also be a workshop nearby that will teach visitors the basics of repairing a vehicle. The park will have adequate parking space for visitors, information centre about traffic safety rules, a 1-km-long jogging track and a cafeteria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382388", "title": "Another suicide at BWSL in a week", "text": "MUMBAI: A man aged aro-und 35 committed suicide by jumping off the Worli end of the sea link on Monday.This is the second case in a week after Raj Travels founder Lalit Sheth (56) committed suicide on August 1, the Worli police said.Kamal Ali (22), a security guard of a building in the locality, noticed a man suspiciously running on the 50-foot road, headed towards the starting point of the Bandra-Worli Sea Link in Worli.\"The guard followed the man and jumped into the sea but was unable to save him,\" Worli police senior inspector Dipak Pawar said.Sub-inspector (duty officer) Nitin Chavan said the guard had searched for the person and then came out of the water.\"No suicide note or identity proof has been found. The man's body was fished out a few minutes later,\" said Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15383462", "title": "Lover pushes pregnant tribal woman off running train", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A young tribal woman sustained serious injuries when her lover allegedly pushed her off a running train near Goelkera railway station in West Singhbhum district on Sunday. The accused, identified as Budhram Sundi, who in his early twenties, attempted to kill the 20-year-old who is pregnant with his child. The woman has suffered injuries on both her legs and is in a critical condition, sources said.Chakradharpur's Government Railway Police (GRP) officers said both Sundi and Neelmani, residents of the same panchayat under Chakradharpur police station area, were having an affair for the last several months. \"Taking undue advantage of the innocent woman's trust, Sundi sexually exploited her after promising to marry her,\" said an officer.When Neelmani pressured Sundi to marry her, he conspired to kill her and asked her to elope with him. Desperate to get married, she fell into his trap and agreed. On Sunday, she was travelling with Sundi on the Chakradharpur-Rourkela Saranda Express, when he allegedly pushed her out of the speeding trainwhile it was crossing the tunnel between the Goelkera and Mahadevsal railway stations.The woman sustained multiple injuries and lay unconscious by the track for several hours before a track inspection team noticed her and brought her to the Chakradharpur railway hospital. When her condition failed to improve, they shifted her to the Tata Main Hospital.The GRP said it got to knew about the background of the heinous crime from the victim's family. \"This is their version,\" said the officer. \"We are waiting for the victim's statement to constitute a FIR. Then we will pursue the case and launch a manhunt to arrest the accused,\" said Chakradharpur GRP police station in-charge Nilesh Kumar. Kumar said a complaint has been lodged in this regard and a team will visit TMH on Tuesday to take the victim's statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15382212", "title": "Director general of police assures help to Andhra Pradesh Special Police constables' kin", "text": "HYDERABAD: Director general of police (DGP) V Dinesh Reddy and some top officials of Andhra Pradesh Special Police (APSP) battalions on Monday met a delegation of family members of APSP constables at the state police headquarters here and assured them all help.After hearing out the problems of the family members, the DGP informed them that welfare of police personnel was his top priority. However, the top cop told them that since they were the kin of a disciplined force, it was a bad precedent on their part to stage dharnas and rasta rokos.He also warned the family members that if such violations happen in future, law would take its own course. At this juncture, the delegation assured the DGP that they would never resort to such protests in future and requested the top cop to pardon even their husbands.Later, the DGP warned the APSP officials not to create any trouble and instigate the lower-rung staff. He said that if similar things happen again in future, not just disciplinary action but even criminal cases would be booked against the 'errant' officers.Briefing the media, additional DG (Battalions) Gautam Sawang announced that they have identified several anti-social elements who were involved in violence during the recent protests. However, the officer did not reveal the names of the miscreants and where exactly they had created trouble. The additional DG also assured that APSP constables would be posted within 200 kilometres from their base and a new recruitment drive would take place within a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381687", "title": "MNS protest halts work at Andheri RTO", "text": "MUMBAI: A massive protest by MNS transport wing to protest against corruption in RTO departments affected work at the authority's Andheri office.\"Officials take bribes and allow truck overloading and carrying of illegal cargo by tourist buses,\" said MNS transport wing leader Haji Arafat Shaikh, who will hold similar protests at Wadala and Tardeo RTOs.\"Officials collect Rs 10,000 per truck every month for allowing overloading,Instead of 10 tonnes, they load 50 tonnes of goods and instead of five trucks, the consignment goes in one truck. It is dangerous as the truck can overturn or cause accidents on the road,\" he said, adding that since a lakh such trucks arrive in the state every month, an estimate shows that RTO officials and about 2,000 agents and middle-men pocket Rs 100 crore collectively every month. Senior RTO officials rubbished the charges.- An official from the transport commissioner's office said, \"RTOs across Maharashtra have started a major campaign against overloading of trucks since mid-July and we have arrested several offenders.\"We have also nabbed several tourist buses carrying cargo illegally in Mumbai. The Raj Thackeray-led MNS should go by the ground realities and not make any political stunt outside our offices. Shaikh said he would soon forward list of transporters which paid regular haftas to RTO officials and went scot free. \"We want corruption to stop and our morcha should be treated as a warning,\" he stated.Shaikh also plans to take a massive rally to the state transport commissioner's office in Bandra (E) by the month-end.\"We will bring all our operations to a halt on that day. More than 25,000 transporters affiliated to our party will not work when they march to the transport commissioner's office soon,\" he added.Meanwhile, Raj Thackeray will have a meeting with members of the national body of transporters soon. The latter have supported his campaign against illegal toll collection at various plazas in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383013", "title": "Two men arrested for house break-ins, theft of over Rs 16L", "text": "PUNE: Two men have been arrested in connection with the theft of Rs 16.27 lakh from a house in Bhavani Peth on July 16. Goods worth Rs 8.13 lakh were seized from them.Ajhar Shaikh (19) and Zoeb Shaikh (20), both residents of Harjanagar, were arrested for breaking into Qutbuddin Ghodhrawala's house and stealing gold and silver ornaments. The police say they arrested the men after they found a footprint at the scene of the crime.\"We took photographs and measurements of the footprint and checked it with those of several suspects on police records,\" said Sandipan Sawant, inspector of the Khadak police station.He said that the police zeroed in on Ajhar Shaikh and called him for questioning. \"During interrogation Shaikh admitted his involvement in the crime and revealed Zoeb Shaikh's name,\" he said. The men also confessed to committing one more theft at Lohiyanagar on June 25 in which gold ornaments worth Rs 45,000 were stolen.Sawant said one more person involved in the theft was still at large. \"We are hunting for him,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15382779", "title": "Stuck in nature's bounty", "text": "Panchanama - Nagargao - SattariGoa's largest village panchayat, Nagargao, is about 7km from the bustling town of Valpoi. But most of the 16 revenue villages under its jurisdiction are so far flung that they not only lack any telecommunication network, public transport is almost non-existent.But by far the most trying issue for many of the 6,000-odd residents of Satre, Derode, Kodal, Vaiguini, Nanoda, Maloli, Uste, Shelop-Budruk, Shingane, Hedode, Satode, Bhobade, Ambede-Nagargao, Dhave and Brahma-Karmali villages, is the lush environment they call home.Most of the villages fall under the 1999-notified Mhadei wildlife sanctuary whose buffer zone is yet to be notified. \"Most of the villagers are living and working on what is their ancestral land, but they do not enjoy any ownership rights or legal titles. This is because successive governments haven't demarcated the buffer zones from the actual sanctuary limits. The government has to take steps to resolve this grave problem,\" says Shivaji Desai, an advocate from Brahma-Karmali.The lack of regular public transport means though each of the 16 villages has a primary school-there's also a middle school and a high school in the panchayat's jurisdiction-getting an education is a long-long walk for students.\"Our children, elders... everyone for that matter... have to walk long distances, whether for an education or to get ration. The few buses that do ply stick mostly to the main route, so it's a good 5-6km walk onwards to the village,\" says Gautami Chorlekar of Shelop-Budruk.The villagers also suffer from the rural medical dispensary lacking regular services of a doctor, while the July 29 gram sabha brought to light problems in drinking water supply, heavily potholed internal roads and the need for a public crematorium in each village.Villagers from Uste-where the government recently launched white water rafting-and Maloli say the government is yet to provide any rehabilitation package to farmers dependent on puran sheti, traditional silt-based agriculture, who had to stop the same after the construction of the Vasant Bandhara by the water resources department.Residents of the four houses in Vainguini, 13km from Valpoi town, claim they are left almost islanded in the monsoon as they lack road and bridge links, while, at Satre, the road connecting to the bridge is not tarred and turns into mush in the rains, say locals.Newly-elected sarpanch Ramesh Joshi says, \"We have moved a proposal to use the tanks built by PWD eight years ago that have been lying vacant. The tanks can be used to provide drinking water from the Dabos water treatment plant to seven of our villages.\"The panchayat has also identified a site for the garbage plant at Kumbalachi Ghati, Nagargao, while Joshi says, \"I hope the present government solves the issues of the forest-dwelling communities living inside the sanctuary, sympathetically.\"Towering troubleBharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) has installed a tower for mobile connectivity, but the electricity department is yet to provide it connection. The issue has been hanging fire for one year. Officials of the electricity department told TOI, \"We hope to provide a connection to the tower at the earliest.\"Eco-tourism potentialThe panchayat has tremendous eco-tourism potential: Goa's only Brahmadev temple is at Brahma-Karmali; the historic Satregad is in Satre; Ajobachi tali, a sacred grove, is in Brahma-Karmali; Maloli has the sacred grove with the Myristica swamp forest dedicated to the holy spirit, Nirankar; the second highest mountain peak Katlanchi Mali is in Satre-Derode; the geological wonder Bhivgo Guno is in Kodal; and the ruin of an old Portuguese bridge is at Satre. The Goa tourism development corporation recently started white water rafting from Uste to Sonal. Locals hope the rest is put on the tourism map too.Made to danceThe village panchayat has dedicated folk artistes who are known for their performances of Ranmale,Radhanach, Fugdi, Dhalo. Rama Mhauskar, an 87-year-old noted Ranmale performer from Ambede, says, \"Though we have been participating in Ranmale and other folk performances for the last five decades, we have not received any financial assistance from any government agency and our financial condition is pitiable.\"TOP VIEWI hope the present government solves the issues of the forest-dwelling communities living inside the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary, sympatheticallyRamesh Joshi, sarpanchI will try to solve the issues with the help of the government. Uncompleted developmental works will be completedVishwajit Rane, MLA, ValpoiPEOPLE'S TAKEMost of the villagers are living and working on what is their ancestral land, but they do not enjoy any ownership rights or legal titlesShivaji Desai, Brahma-KarmaliEveryone has to walk long distances. The few buses that do ply stick mostly to the main route, so it's a good 5-6km walk onwards to the villageGautami Chorlekar, Shelop-BudrukThough we have been performing in folkdances for over five decades, we have not received any government support and our financial condition is pitiableRama Mhauskar, Ambede", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381551", "title": "Assam govt likely to hand over ethnic clashes' probe to CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid growing suspicion of some 'external' links behind return of violence in lower Assam, the state government is likely to hand over the ongoing probe of the ethnic clashes to the CBI.\"The option of handing over the probe to the CBI was discussed on Monday. The state may take a decision on this soon,\" said an official, adding that a thorough investigation can only reveal the perpetrators of the violence that hit three districts.Assam on Monday reported five more deaths from these districts, where 56 people were killed during the first phase of violence last month. Though the area remained peaceful for 10 days, five more persons were killed over the weekend, taking the toll to 61 in the clashes between Bodo tribals and Muslim immigrants.\"The situation is under control as of now....The state government and the Centre are determined to have this investigated and get to the people who are behind this,\" Union home secretary R K Singh said on Monday.Singh said that in the last two days five bodies were recovered following fresh violence between the two communities in the Bodoland Territorial Administered Districts (BTAD). \"I want to make it clear to everyone that we will go after those who are responsible for the violence,\" he told reporters here.Earlier during the first phase of violence between July 20 and 25, the home secretary had ruled out the possibility of involvement of anyone from across the border when asked about reports that some people involved in the clashes might have links with neighbouring Bangladesh. He had said that it was not possible for any organized group crossing over to India as the international border was sealed.Though officials in the home ministry did not deny infiltration from across the border, they said the instances had come down substantially over the years. They, however, expressed the need for a probe of the violence so that one could ascertain whether some external elements were behind this act with an intention to incite communal violence.Indefinite curfew was re-imposed in Chirang district where three bodies were recovered on Sunday, while night curfew was continuing in Kokrajhar, where two more bodies were found, besides Baska and Dhubri districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382320", "title": "Wild cats' visits spread fear among film units", "text": "MUMBAI: Rattled by the three incidents of leopards straying into Film City in the past two months, producers' associations have started giving out warnings to scared film and television unit members who use the compound for shoots regularly. Urging them to be cautious, they have asked the cast and crew members not to walk out of film sets alone or and not carry too much food in the forest.Leopards straying into Film City thrice in the past two months have rattled film and television unit members who use the compound for shoots and producers' associations have also started giving out warning the casts and crew members shoot units about taking some basic precautions like not walking out of film sets alone or not carrying too much food into the forest.The third case of a leopard intrusion at film shoots in and around Film City in the last two months has alarmed film and television units shooting in the premises on a regular basis.Associations have started telling shoot units about taking some basic precautions like not walking out of film sets alone or not carrying too much food into the forest.\"We are taking a lot of precaution and not allowing our staff and artistes to walk out of the set alone if they don't have vehicles,\" said J D Majithia of Association of Film and Television Programme Producers Association.Though the recent incidents have spread waves of fear among artistes and crew members, veterans in the industry said such cases were not new. Director Rajan Shahi, who claimed to have spotted leopards visiting his Amrit Manthan set regularly, said, \"I have been in the industry for 20 years and have learnt to deal with such situations. Shootings have been stalled as leopards would refuse to leave the sets. It is scary,\"Shahi has instructed his unit members that they should not try to provoke or chase away any leopard but call forest officials on spotting an animal. \"We also have pythons, scorpions and other animals in Film City. We need to save them and cannot harm them,\" he said.But Film City studio officials feel the producers don't really pay heed to the circulars issued to them for their safety. Joint managing director of the studio Mangesh Mohite said, \"Leopards do not come to the set to watch the stars, they come for food. Producers often do not follow our instructions not to litter inside the studio. Food packets strewn on the sets attract dogs and pigs, which are easy preys of leopards.\" He added even the residents of Film City had been told not to allow their children to walk out of home after dark.Even as Film City studio officials plan to hold a meeting with forest officials, the latter said they had circulated a set of advisories for film and TV units. \"We have told Film City officials to warn all crew membersabout leopards. A circular has been issued to keep the area clean of litter,\" said Sunil Limaye, chief conservator of forests, Sanjay Gandhi National Park. \"Heavy equipment should not be left behind as the animals take refuge behind them.\" A control room has been set up there.and can evade being spotted,\" he added.Limaye added that a control room had been set up in Film City for prompt action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382756", "title": "New port terminal for LPG ends shortage", "text": "CHENNAI: The shortage of LPG cylinders in the city is set to end. A vessel carrying nearly 30,000 tonnes of LPG crude products has berthed Ennore port. This is the first vessel coming to LPG Terminal project of Indian Oil Petronas Pvt. Ltd. (IPPL) in Ennore, 30 km from here. The new terminal is likely to ease the delay in LPG cylinder deliveries in the city, say industry experts.At present, 70 % of the total demand is catered to by dealers. S Dhanapandian, general manager of IPPL said more vessels with crude LPG will begin coming to Chennai. \"We are set to give berthage to the second vessel by this weekend,\" he said.The new terminal would also help to begin auto LPG services and retail outlets besides catering to the demands of industrial consumers.Meanwhile, multiple connections remain a headache for dealers. \"In a major crackdown in the last three months, oil companies blocked more than 10 lakh such connections,\" said an industry source.Dhanapandian of IPPL said they have evacuated the LPG products propane and butane from the vessel and shifted to the import terminal, about 6 kms away from the port. \"After processing it as a product LPG, it will be sent to the bottling plants and then to the oil companies for distribution,\" he said.IOC alone had blocked 10% of their total connections in the state during the review process of allotted connections in May 2012. The crackdown was following a survey that revealed many households had got multiple connections in different names and it was later verified by oil companies through database software. State is in demand of around 1.2 million tones LPG annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383806", "title": "1984 riots: Sajjan Kumar\u2019s final arguments start on Aug 13", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Sajjan Kumar will commence his final arguments on August 13 in a Delhi court in a 1984 anti-Sikh riots' case in which he is facing trial.The case was listed on Monday for final arguments of defence. But, district judge J R Aryan could not hear them due to the lawyers' strike opposing increase in court fees and fixed the matter for August 13. Sajjan Kumar is facing trial along with five others \u2014 Balwan Khokkar, Kishan Khokkar, Mahender Yadav, Girdhari Lal and Captain Bhagmal \u2014 on the charge of inciting mobs against the Sikh community in Delhi Cantonment area here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15383523", "title": "DTPC finds it tough to keep away DSC from park land", "text": "KANNUR: The 65 cents of land adjacent to the Payyambalam beach seems to have become a bone of contention between the Defence Security Corps (DSC), which owns it, and the District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC), which developed it.Though both sides managed to hammer out a solution to the row, now the DTPC is finding it tough to deliver on its promise. The DPTC had promised the DSC another piece of land in lieu of the 65 cents but is now not able to find a suitable land.It is reported that as part of an 'informal agreement', DSC had given the land to DTPC, which developed the place into a park in the 90s by spending over Rs 1 crore.\"The DSC gave us a letter asking us to stop work in the park as they wanted to build a guest house there. But we had developed the cliff overlooking the beach into a park,\" said K Bhaskaran, deputy director of tourism department.He said that though DSC has agreed to handover the land, the department is finding it difficult to identify a suitable plot for DSC. However, even now the defence personnel are guarding the park and all the renovation works there have been stopped.Officials say that if the park is given back to DSC, it will affect the tourism sector. But if a suitable plot for the DSC is not identified, they may start building their guest house.Meanwhile, the work on the Payyambalam walkway project, which has got approval from the Pollution Control Board (PCB), would start soon, and the process to tender the work is expected to begin in two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15383146", "title": "Sector 17 development work to start in 2 months", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After passing the detailed project of development plan of northern part of Sector 17 and a chunk of land near general post office (GPO), the work will start after two months when all processes are completed. This is one of the prestigious projects of the civic body, as it is being planned to boost the tourism in commercial hub of the city.According to information, the engineering wing of MC has started to prepare a detailed tender inviting notice (DNIT) for the project and after which tender will be advertised. Significantly, the authority will go for a global tender for the Rs 3-crore project to generate competition.\"The entire process will take at least two months' time and after that the developmental project will begin,\" said, Vishal Gupta, executive engineer of road wing of MC.Around 2 lakh square feet area will be developed as per the plan of development of the northern part of the Sector 17 and the remaining chunk near GPO. Besides that all existing passages of the sector will be connected to the planned portion. All existing passages will also be repaired and given better look.As per prepared drawings by architect wing of the Chandigarh administration, the main attraction in the plan will be three big pools, green belt, which will be completely covered with iron railings, stylish benches around all existing trees and footpaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15382895", "title": "Rain's late charge brings some cheers to kharif farmers in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The continuous showers received extensively in the last couple of days have undoubtedly brought cheers to the framers, as delayed monsoon and deficient rain had triggered fears of a drought over at least two dozen districts in UP. With this, farmers hope to make up for the initial losses faced by them due to the late arrival of the monsoon, which was delayed by at least 12 days from its scheduled onset of June 20. In the midst of prevailing drought situation in states like Karnataka, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Haryana and Punjab, the rain certainly came as a much-needed relief to UP, which is a major paddy producing state and contributes significantly towards the country's food security.\"Thankfully, we do not have a drought-like situation anywhere and two dozen districts, which earlier faced scanty rain are now rain-sufficient,\" said director agriculture DM Singh. The cause of worry was that these districts had received below 40% rain until July 31. However, the fairly widespread rain received in the last couple of days had helped in saving the situation, he said.\"Kharif crop, Bajra in particular, was in trouble and there were fears whether enough fodder would be available for the cattle,\" Singh asserted.The rain deficient districts were Hathras, Bareilly, Kaushambi, Hamirpur, Maharajganj, Saharanpur, Kushinagar, Kannauj, Gautambbudh Nagar, Aurraiya, Ghaziabad, Etawah, Baghpat, Muzaffarnagar, Moradabad, Meerut, Bijnor, CSM Nagar, Rampur, Jyotibha Phule Nagar, Sonbhadra, Deoria and Gorakhpur. The overall rainfall in the last few days was recorded between 26 mm and 30 mm. This has already proved to be a drought-buster and the situation is likely to improve further, as the rainfall forecast still holds a promise.However, notwithstanding this, the delayed monsoon had its impact on the sowing, particularly on the transplantation of the rice saplings from nursery to the fields. As a result, this year sowing could be done only on 82,16,000 hectare of land as against the targeted area of 91,72,000 hectare. Although improved canal system this year compensated the deficient rain in the initial stage, yet the total area sown this year is less than that of 85,72,000 hectare of last year, when the food grain production was also at an all time high of 139.63 lakh metric tonne.But in spite of these odds, the government is confident of improving its food grain target, which has been pegged at 145 lakh metric tonne this year. When asked to comment, director agriculture said, \"This would be possible through better farm techniques.\" Elaborating more on this, he said that for the first time a method of direct seeding of rice plants at a specified distance though an equipment called 'drum-seeding' had been introduced in the state. In this technique, unnecessary time spent on the transplantation of rice from its nursery to the fields is saved. This year around 50,000 hectares of land was sown using this technique.Adding to this, he said a new flood-prone rice variety called 'Swarna sub-one' developed after a great deal of research with the gene mutation imported from Philippines had been made available to flood-affected districts like Basti, Maharajganj, Bahraich, Barabanki, Gonda, Basti, Kushinagar and several other eastern districts. This variety of rice would be grown on 1,20,000 hectare of cultivable land. A redeeming feature of Swarna sub-one is that it can survive even after submerging into water continuously for 20 days.As far as covering the unsown area of kharif (rice), he said a contingency plan had already been put in place by encouraging farmers to sow pulses and oil seeds. The area to be covered this way would be around one lakh hectares, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15382146", "title": "Not responsible for grid failure, UP tells Centre", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Monday said it was not responsible for last week's grid failure that resulted in 22 states going without power. During a meeting of the Union power ministry and states drawing power from the Northern Grid, senior UP officials said the two-day blackout was not caused because the state was overdrawing from the grid.Principal secretary, energy, Anil Kumar Gupta, told TOI: \"At the meeting we reiterated that the grid failure wasn't caused by UP. We also emphasised that the power crisis was caused because UP wasn't being given adequate coal to run the existing power plants. Though we have short, medium and long term plans for increasing our production capacity, they depend heavily on the supply of coal from the Centre.\"In the meeting, UP demanded adequate coal supply to run the state's existing power plants. Adding that UP wasn't receiving enough coal, Gupta said the state government asked the Power Grid Corporation India Limited (PGCIL) to conduct an energy production audit, apart from setting up an automatic demand management system. \"For both these tasks, we have invited PGCIL to visit Lucknow and have also promised to extend support to the Centre,\" he said. PGCIL chairman and managing director RN Naik is expected to visit Lucknow on August 8.Ahead of the meeting with the states, PGCIL officials announced that they had put on hold plans to upgrade one, out of the two, circuits connecting Agra and Bhind, via Gwalior. On July 31 and August 1, this was the circuit that allegedly caused the technical snag that led to the power failure. Shifting the entire load of two circuits on to one, officials said, could have led to the snag that resulted in the grid failure.Gupta confirmed since this was one of the possible causes for the sudden blackout, PGCIL decided to defer upgradation plans until the load on the lines was significantly reduced. \"This only reaffirms that UP wasn't responsible for the power crisis. As far as overdrawing is concerned, we have made a written submission to the Centre that UP was overdrawing up to 2000MW during June, without affecting the grid. On the day of the power failure, we only overdrew 40MW. Clearly, this has no bearing on grid failure,\" Gupta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382599", "title": "Madras HC sets aside order to impound Natarajan\u2019s passport", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Monday set aside an order by the regional passport officer to compound the passport of M Natarajan, the husband of N Sasikalaa.Sasikalaa was a close confidant of Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa . The regional passport officer compounded Natarajan's passport after a CBI court found him guilty in a criminal case.Justice K Chandru, allowing a plea of Natarajan on Monday, also asked the passport officer to hear Natarajan's explanation before passing any order in this regard. If the authorities still go ahead and impound the passport, Natarajan could invoke appellate remedy according to the Passports Act, 1967, he said.Natarajan, cited as an accused in a criminal case, was found guilty and imposed a two-year jail term by a CBI court in July 26, 2010. On appeal, the high court suspended the sentence pending inquiry. The conditions imposed on him during the bail period too have now been relaxed, thereby enabling him to even undertake foreign visits.While so, on a request from the CBI which apprehended that Natarajan may flee the country, the passport officer impounded his passport and directed him to surrender his passport. Challenging the order, Natarajan sent a legal notice in January this year and filed the present writ petition. He said he had already booked tickets for some literary functions in Europe and that because of the latest development, he was unable to attend the programmes.Justice Chandru, pointing out that both during the trial of the case and after his conviction Natarajan was allowed to travel abroad, said: \"Stating that he may flee the country is not supported by any material on record. The principles of natural justice were also violated as he has not been heard before the impounding order was passed... He may be allowed to go abroad as per the programme already conceived by him.\"M Natarajan was found guilty in a criminal case and imposed a two-year jail term by a CBI court in July 26, 2010", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381326", "title": "Key Congress ministers giving luncheon a miss raises party's hackles", "text": "NEW DELHI: Key Congress ministers skipped the lunch hosted by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi in support of vice-president Hamid Ansari's re-election, raising eyebrows if the crucial poll scheduled for Tuesday was being taken lightly.According to Congress parliamentary party sources, the absence of senior ministers had not gone down well when the leadership was trying hard to mobilize support among non-UPA parties and even succeeded in bringing arch-rivals Mayawati and Mulayam Singh Yadav to the luncheon at Ashoka Hotel on Monday.Among the Cabinet ministers who did not make it to the lunch were Veerappa Moily, Jaipal Reddy, Kamal Nath, Mallikarjuna Kharge, Kapil Sibal, G K Vasan, Salman Khurshid, Kishore Chandra Deo, Beni Prasad Verma and Jairam Ramesh. K V Thomas and Srikant Jena were also not present.While some ministers were on unavoidable official duty, like Ramesh being abroad, sources said the party expected all the ministers to be present.Sports minister Ajay Maken is said to be coming back from London on Tuesday morning to vote for the election.The absence contrasted with the leadership's seriousness to ensure that all the party MPs vote. The AICC managers were tasked with ensuring the attendance of MPs belonging to the states under their charge and they even spent time explaining how to vote.The MPs were explained with a detailed sheet of instructions. They were warned that any mark other than a simple vertical bar in front of the name of the candidate would invalidate the vote.The stress on manner of voting came after votes of 15 MPs' votes were declared invalid in the July 19 Presidential poll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382426", "title": "Kirori Lal Meena's Facebook account fake, case registered", "text": "JAIPUR: Member of Parliament from Dausa, Kirori Lal Meena lodged an FIR with Ashok Nagar police station stating that anonymous persons have created his fake account on the social networking site of Facebook. Fearing that his account is being misused by some Rajasthan University students to garner support for a particular candidate in students' elections, Meena on Monday sought police intervention.Police have initiated investigations into the matter. \"A case was registered by the personal staff of the Dausa MP. It appears to be a mischief by student leaders who are allegedly misusing the account,\" said a senior officer of Ashok Nagar police station.Satish Meena, secretary to the MP said, \"We are not canvassing for any candidate and are not participating in the upcoming university elections. Some people told him (Meena) that a Facebook account in his name has been created where anonymous persons are giving updates on university elections. We have asked the police to book the culprits and also deactivate the page as anybody can misuse the MP's name.\"Kirori Lal Meena said that he has no interest in social networking and is not concerned with the upcoming students elections. \"If I have to show interest in students politics I will do it openly. But it appears that some persons for their vested interest have created this account. I urge the police to book the culprits,\" Meena added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382654", "title": "Cops push for Fasih Mohammed's extradition", "text": "BANGALORE: City police probing the M Chinnaswamy Stadium blasts in 2010 have sought the extradition of Fasih Mohammed, 28, who was arrested in the Saudi Arabia in July last. He was a close associate of the Bhatkal brothers, Riaz and Yasin, the prime accused, from his student days.Police suspect he may even be the co-conspirator.Police sources said Fasih is a co-conspirator in the alleged shooting incident near Jama Masjid in Delhi, also in 2010.Fasih, a native of Bihar , took an active part in Indian Mujahiddeen activities in the country, particularly South India. \"He roamed all over Karnataka with Yasin and Riyaz. They'd often visit historical places. Their friends thought these were fun trips, but we now strongly suspect they were conspiring to target these places,\" a senior investigating officer said.\"Fasih's questioning will help us unearth many other things. It's also said Fasih was instrumental in involving many Bihar-based youths in IM activities,\" the sources said.Yasin is a school dropout, while Riyaz did his diploma in Mumbai. Police are yet to establish how exactly did Fasih became close to the Bhatkal brothers.Another senior investigating officer told TOI around 10 Indian Mujahiddeen activists conducted a recce by entering the M Chinnaswamy Stadium here to watch IPL matches in the guise of spectators in 2010.The blasts occurred during an IPL match on April 17, 2010. Earlier, four IPL matches had been played in March and two in April. The 10 men watched the matches by sitting in different places. They purchased tickets in the black market by paying huge sums of money to to study the stadium and the security, sources said.\"Top IM leaders wanted to plant bombs near the pavilion but they couldn't do it due to tight security,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15382610", "title": "Keshubhai Patel forms Gujarat Parivartan Party", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Chief minister Narendra Modi's predecessor and bete noire, Keshubhai Patel, who resigned from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) last weekend, on Monday launched the Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) with the declared aim of bringing about change and promising to be the first viable third front in a long time in the bi-polar politics of Gujarat.The new formation will largely comprise of BJP leaders who have fallen by the wayside in the last ten years of Narendra Modi rule. Patel's flock will focus on the December 2012 assembly election to halt Modi's flight to New Delhi in 2014. Joining the bunch will be elements in the entire Sangh Parivar, including Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) leader Pravin Togadia, who want to see Modi's downfall more than anything else.The Modi camp has already started saying that the 83 year old was well past his prime, even though the old warhorse is making it clear that he still has a fight left in him. The GPP proposes to fight all the 182 seats where it could swing the tide in favour of the Congress by eating into the BJP vote-bank.Among those who were present at the launch at Patel's residence in Gandhinagar were ex-CM Suresh Mehta, former Union minister Kashiram Rana, former Gujarat minister of state for home Gordhan Zadaphia, former Rajkot (rural) MLA Siddharth Parmar and RSS veteran Bhaskarrao Damle.Patel told hundreds of supporters, coming mainly from districts of Saurashtra, besides Ahmedabad and Surat, that the main aim of the new party is to restore Gujarat's 'asmita' (pride) which, he said, has been undermined by Narendra Modi's one-man rule.Making the nature of his politics very clear, he said \"Our party will be wedded to the ideals of Narmad, Mahatma Gandhi, Sardar Patel, Ravishankar Maharaj and Indulal Yagnik. It will pursue the idea of justice to all and respect to all religions,\" he said. But, in the same breath, he mentioned the party will be guided by Jana Sangh ideologue of 1950s Deen Dayal Upadhyay's philosophy of 'ekatma manavvad' or integral humanism.Saying the party will pursue \"nationalist ideology\", Patel thanked VHP leader Pravin Togadia for supporting the new formation. VHP cadres were present at the launch, which began with the recitation of 'shlokas' by sadhus close to VHP. When asked whether the RSS supported his new outfit, Patel said, \"RSS is a separate organization. It does not interfere in the working of any political party.\" P 5MJP to merge with new outfitThe Mahagujarat Janata Party (MJP) will be merging into the new party formed by Keshubhai Patel and his colleagues, the MJP chief Gordhan Zadaphia announced on Monday. There was intense debate within the Keshubhai camp on the issue of joining the MJP or forming a new party. Most BJP rebels in Gujarat are with the MJP which has not been able to make much headway.Sanjay Joshi rules out joining GPPSanjay Joshi, the BJP leader hounded by chief minister Narendra Modi, has ruled out the possibility to join the Gujarat Parivartan Party. The buzz within the Keshubhai camp was that the new formation would need his organizational skills and vengeance but Joshi has made it clear that he would not leave the RSS at any cost. A former 'pracharak' like Modi, Joshi was dumped by BJP president Nitin Gadkari in order to appease Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383120", "title": "Liposuction makes woman 24 kg lighter", "text": "PUNE: Doctors at a city hospital recently performed liposuction on a 45-year-old Yemeni woman, weighing 130 kg, and removed 24.5 kg fat from her body in one sitting.In usual liposuction (surgical withdrawal of excess fat from local areas under the skin by means of a small incision and vacuum suctioning), doctors remove fat weighing 10% of the total weight of the body. Removal of more fat is done only in cases with medically valid reasons and requires full medical back up and a cosmetic surgeon experienced in large volume fat reduction.The doctors who performed the procedure here claimed that this was perhaps for the first time in Pune that fat in such a large volume was removed.\"The 5.5 ft tall woman had undergone a gastric bypass (bariatric surgery) around five years ago. But, after two years, she started gaining weight again. She was having problems in her knee and was unable to walk. Since her diet was semi-solid, she had a lot of gastric complaints also. She came to India to find relief,\" said consultant plastic and cosmetic surgeon Sumit Saxena who had carried out the fat removal procedure at Inamdar hospital on July 19.The woman was discharged after five days. There was significant reduction in problems like knee pain and friction in the thighs, with good improvement in her quality of life.The usual side-effects of massive liposuction such as skin infection and skin loosening were managed with appropriate medical care. \"Besides skin loosening, the patient encountered no other side-effects,\" Saxena said.Removal of massive quantity of fat from one area usually results in the skin becoming loose. Hence, to remove the excess skin and tighten the area doctors had to perform abdominoplasty on the patient.Initially, doctors at Inamdar Hospital carried out gastric studies of the woman to understand the post-op complications of the bariatrict surgery she had undergone in the past. After the studies, gastroenterologist performed endoscopic dilatation to relax the food pipe. Thereafter, she underwent the procedure.\"Aspiration of more than 10 kg fat in one sitting is termed massive liposuction. The proportion of massive liposuctions being performed is increasing worldwide as it is now considered a safe procedure in well trained hands. Up to 20 kg fat can be aspirated in one sitting in well-selected cases and in a hospital setting with good infrastructure,\" Saxena said.Massive liposuction is not a surgery to be undertaken in small clinics or nursing homes. It is probably better done under general anesthesia as most of these cases require circumferential liposuction, he added.\"During liposuction procedure, the patient is anesthetized and injected a tumescent solution. Then fat cells suctioned out of the body with a cannula inserted through incisions in the skin. Patients may be sore and bruised for several days to weeks afterward,\" Saxena said, adding, \"Results are permanent on the treated areas as long as patients maintain stable weight.\"Anesthetists Nikhil Hiremath and Anmol Maindarkar were part of the team that conducted the procedure.Bariatric surgery is advisable in patients with extremely morbid obesity. \"Massive liposuction offers a safe alternative as, unlike bariatric surgery, this procedure does not interfere with the patient's normal physiology. But maintaining a healthy lifestyle is must after undergoing the procedure,\" Saxena said.After the operation, most people can return to work within a week and begin light exercise in around two weeks. Studies report that the operation could produce significant decrease in systolic blood pressure, fasting insulin levels and total body weight that could possibly improve the patient's cardiovascular risk profile.Research suggests that the metabolic benefits of weight loss come from losing fat throughout the body, including areas like the tissues of the heart, pancreas and liver. Removing localised fat deposits may or may not be as beneficial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15388888", "title": "Yathrakkoduvil to release on August 10th", "text": "New arrival to the Mollywood film industry, Basinsak is all set to come up with his film, 'Yathrakkoduvil'. The film is releasing on August 10th. Sreejith Vijay and Vidya will play the lead roles.Basinsak has also written script for the film. Thilakan, Sinu Narayanan, Prathish, Navaneeth, Devan and Ramu are the other stars in the film.Source: kerala?boxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383639", "title": "Govt\u2019s clean-up act at Asha Kiran", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the case against Asha Kiran Home scheduled for hearing in the high court on Wednesday, the Delhi government is in a firefighting mode.It has decided to suspend the superintendent of the home and set up a control room at the complex for roundthe-clock monitoring.HC has repeatedly lashed out at the Delhi government for the poor state of affairs at the only state-run facility for mentally challenged people in Rohini. On Monday, a state-appointed committee, with Dr Nimesh Desai from the Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences as chairman, met the minister for social welfare Kiran Walia. It came up with a set of recommendations to remedy the situation at the Asha Kiran complex.The committee has on board Poonam Natarajan, the chief of National Trust of the ministry of social justice, Dr Sanjay Agarwal from GB Pant Hospital's psychiatry department , and activist Sreerupa Mitra Chaudhury. PC Sharma , joint director of the social welfare department, is its convenor.After the meeting, Walia told TOI that it has been decided that the home's superintendent , Sunita Verma, be suspended . But, administrator of the home, T C Nakh, can continue with his duties. The control room will be manned by an officer who will coordinate between the superintendent, administrator , chief medical officer and the other staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15383840", "title": "Row forces Pakistan to postpone dargah dole", "text": "AJMER: Pakistan finally made a move on the much-delayed Rs 5.5 crore ($1 million) donation to the Ajmer dargah by President Asif Ali Zardari , only to run into a controversy regarding the real beneficiaries of the amount.The two main bodies of the Ajmer Shrine \u2014 Anjuman Syed Zadgan (an elected body of Khadims) and the Dargah Committee (constituted by government of India) \u2014 both claim to be the real beneficiary of the promised amount.The controversy has forced Pakistani officials to postpone the ceremony to August 16. However, commission officials said they had done so in order to invite Muslim MP's and Muslim MLA's of Rajasthan to join the ceremony.The differences emerged during the visit of an official from the Pakistan high commission \u2014 councilor Abrar Ahmed \u2014 in Ajmer on Monday, to discuss the division of money in a ceremony on August 9. However, the Anjuman rejected outright the idea of splitting the amount and claimed to hold the right to receive the entire nazrana (donation) announced by devotees inside the Astane-Aaliya (crypt).\"Sufi tradition says only Khadim (priest) and Anjuman have the sole right to claim the offering announced inside the sanctum sanctorum,\" said Syed Wahid Hussein Angara, secretary of Anjuman and hereditary Khadim, who refused to give bank account details to Pakistan official till the latter cleared their position on beneficiary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15382122", "title": "All for a high, Surtis build homes in Daman", "text": "SURAT: Daman is turning out to be hot property destination for Surtis. With hotel accommodation proving to be an expensive proposition during their frequent visits, a large number of them have decided to purchase a home in the union territory (UT) instead.True that they are able to get their desired quota of liquor through the bootleggers but there is always a chance of the police descending on them which proves to be an embarrassment.Harsh Golwala (31), a textile businessman is a case in point. He chose to purchase a 600 sq ft apartment in Daman in early 2012 to curtail his expenses on two weekend visits every month. \"Even if I stayed in a budget hotel I ended up spending around Rs 10,000. So I decided to buy a small apartment. Now I get home cooked food even in Daman while enjoying my favorite liquor,\" said Golwala.Like Golwala, there are many frequent visitors to Daman from Surat and other parts of south Gujarat who have chosen to buy property instead of spending money on hotel bills. With an improved road network, the distance between Surat and Daman is now a matter of just one and a half hours making it easily accessible. A large number of people visit Daman in cars and buses on weekends. Apart from being a beach town, Daman is popular among south Gujarat residents as liquor is freely available there at cheaper rates as compared to the neighboring state of Maharashtra due to tax exemption.\"I bought a studio apartment recently at a cost of Rs 6 lakh near the beach. It is affordable and I also give it on rent,\" said Shailesh Rana, a trader from Surat.To attract buyers, developers are offering studio apartments. \"Expenditure on constructing a studio apartment is less. It is also comfortable and a large group can be accommodated. We are receiving a good number of weekend home buyers,\" said Darshak Shah, a developer.Vipul Kakaria, president of Vapi Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India said, \"A number of buyers are purchasing low budget apartments and small bungalows in Daman and Vapi as their weekend home. It is a new trend.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15382802", "title": "Oceanarium tender in December: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the tender process for a world class oceanarium at Miramar would be ready in December this year. He also said that \"if possible, there will be a small convention centre and a festival theatre can be considered at the site\".The state-of-the-art oceanarium will be modeled on the lines of those in Australia, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382425", "title": "Long queues at Sawai Man Singh hospital as power goes off", "text": "JAIPUR: It was a harrowing time for patients at Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital on Monday when the registration counters remained closed due to server failure for nearly half an hour.The server failed due to disruption of electricity at Dhanwantari building in the hospital.The patients were seen standing in serpentine queues for a long time at the registration counters. A hospital official said that it was not power failure but just a Miniature Circuit Breaker (MCB) trip due to excessive power load.Another official said the electricity supply got disrupted at around 11.25am and returned at around 11.55am.Madhu Meena, an attendant of a patient, said, \"I remained in the queue for nearly an hour to get the registration card.\"Some patients and their attendants lost patience and argued with the staff at the registration counters when they had to wait for a long time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382546", "title": "Green warrior regrets not doing enough for family", "text": "BANGALORE: \"Is she really 100 years old?\" That's just one of the awed comments at the post-lunch conversation outside Room No. 2 in the special ward of Victoria Hospital. Medical staff treating Saalumarada Thimmakka weren't aware that the old lady cocooned in a sari was one of the most celebrated environmentalists of the state.She's perhaps best known for planting over 280 trees along a 4-km stretch on the Kudur-Hulikal road in Magadi taluk. Not only that, she'd water them faithfully and ensure a green cover along the road.She was admitted to hospital on Sunday night following serious breathing problems and hypertension. Doctors treating her said she was recovering.She's suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, a common breathing problem. \"She wasn't keeping well for some time. She'd come here for a check-up over the past two weeks. On Sunday, she became very weak so we had to rush her to hospital,\" said her adopted son BN Umesh.Apart from the breathing problems, she had high fever which has come down. Officials said her type two diabetes too needs to be taken care of. She's stable but will have to be under treatment for a few more days.In the hospital room, Thimmakka lay curled up under the blanket. For this nature's warrior, the biggest worry is not her health but Umesh's future. \"I'm very grateful for all that I've received for the little I've done. But I wasn't able to give anything to those around me. My son has been taking care of me for all these years. Now my biggest worry is for him to have a job,\" said the Indira Priyadarshini Vrikshamitra awardee.Back in the corridor, her age remained a puzzle. One of the nursing staff who asked Umesh about it came back: \"Her son says in 1958 she was given a gold medal and then she was in her mid-twenties. That would put her in her eighties.\" Some agreed and some didn't, but they all agreed that what she'd done was something incredibly brave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381615", "title": "Indo-Japan R&D; to focus on diseases, clean energy", "text": "NAGPUR: Realising the need for breaking barriers of language and sharing of knowledge in science and technology, Japan has made a good beginning in collaborative research with India in certain identified areas. The 80-year-old Japanese Society for Promotion of Science (JSPS) and the Indian JSPS Alumni Association (IJAA) have recently initiated R&D; efforts in disaster management, diseases and clean energy.Japan has begun tying up with south Asian countries like India in a big way through fellowships and scholarships. The two countries wish to see the results of this collaboration in another 4-5 years. Prof D Sakthi Kumar, deputy director of international affairs of Bio Nano Electronics Research Centre and a professor of Graduate School of Interdisciplinary New Science, told TOI that Japan realized that no country could survive alone in the era of globalization. It has launched many post-doctoral fellowships and projects.Kumar was in city to participate in the two-day international conference on 'New age science and technology for sustainable development ' and the third annual conference of IJAA being hosted by the National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri). \"Until now, Japan had the limitation of language and was not ready to accept English. With globalization, however, it has opened its doors. Till now Indians preferred to study and work in USA. Students who did study in Japan would do their post-doctoral courses and then leave for USA. Now, with efforts of JSPS and IJAA things have begun to change,\" he said.Sharing more details of areas of collaboration, Shinichi Higuchi, first secretary of science and technology in embassy of Japan in India, said that 'sustainable development' was one area of Indo-Japanese collaboration under which exchange of scientific knowledge in fields of disaster management, clean energy and diseases was a big priority. Section chief of international programme development JSPS, Ikuo Fukui said that the Japanese Science and Technology Agency and the Japanese International Cooperation Agency and the Science and Technology Partnership were some platforms promoting collaborations through both bottom-up and top-down approach through a five-year-plan. Over 400 such collaborations were already on, he added.Scientists face many new challengesScience and Technology (S&T;) is facing many new challenges. The two-day conference of Neeri and JSPS is an effort in identifying these challenges and evolving ways to deal with them. Main challenges lie in the fields of water purification, solid waste management and development of eco-friendly products and transport of materials.Neeri director Satish Wate during the inaugural session elaborated on these challenges. He stressed that India also needed focused programmes so that knowledge and energies of younger generation of students could be harnessed properly as the youngsters thought big and were resilient. He also pointed out the need for working towards developing materials that could be used to safely transport gases without pipelines, materials that could absorb toxicants, and mining of biomolecules from sea.Vice-chancellor of Amravati University Prof Mohan Khedkar, in his inaugural speech, dealt with varied issues related to sustainable development like clean energy through orange revolution. Prof D Sakthi Kumar, chairman IJAA, made opening remarks. Rajesh Biniwale, principal scientist at Neeri and organizing secretary, gave an overview of the conference while Akihiko Satomi , head overseas division of Japan, elaborated on the role of JSPS. Shinichi Higuchi, first S&T; secretary, listed the areas of collaborative research with India. Sadhana Rayalu, head of the Environmental Materials Division of Neeri, summarized the proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15381633", "title": "Dilapidated Nashik buildings get notices but no follow-up", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), which had served notices to the occupants of 82 dilapidated structures two months ago, has not followed up felt no need to follow up on the issue of repairs which now stands to impact the the issue with regards to repairs and safety of residents.The administration does not have any mechanism to keep a track on the compliance of the its notices issued to the owners and tenants of these worn down buildings.Two months ago, the NMC's Panchavati divisional office issued 400 notices to the owners and tenants of 82 dilapidated properties in Panchavati gaothan area warning them of a possible disaster during the monsoon.\"This is a pre-monsoon exercise that we carry out every monsoon after surveying the constructions in the gaothan area. We issue notices to the owners and the tenants of such buildings well before the rainy season as a forewarning to any likely disaster and ask them to remove or repair all the dangerous constructions that could come down due to the rains or where rainwater could enter,\" said divisional officer of Panchavati, R R Gosavi.Deputy engineer of Panchavati division, C B Aher said that 119 owners and 329 tenants of these 82 structures were issued notices and were asked to do the necessary repair works.The civic body, however, does not keep a tab on whether the owners and tenants have complied with the notices. \"It is not possible for us to check if people have complied with the directions. It is tedious to maintain procedure to keep a follow-up and we do not have sufficient manpower either,\" said Aher.Corporator Ashok Murtadak ( MNS) said that it is the duty of the NMC to keep a follow-up of the notices.\"I will gather information about on the issue and will bring it up during raise the issue during raise the issue at the meetings of the standing committee and general body meetings and will ask the NMC to keep a follow up on their notices,\" said Murtadak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381271", "title": "Madhya Pradesh textile units demand direct subsidy benefits", "text": "INDORE: The textile industry of the state has sought changes in the prevailing system of giving interest subsidy to the textile firms and demanded the Central government to pass it on directly to their bank accounts.In the existing system, first, banks sanction the loan at the prevailing interest rate of 12-13% which is followed by reimbursement of interest subsidy by the textile commissioner. The existing process is time-consuming and delays the fund flow to the sector, sources said.As per the scheme, the textile commissioner provides 4% interest subsidy to the textile firms, which aspire to set up new spinning mills and 5%, when it comes to new weaving and technical textile units.A number of textile firms from the region have been benefited by technology utilisation fund (TUF) scheme including Oswal group, Maral Overseas, Pratibha Syntex and Vippy Spin Pro (Dewas). Indore-based textile major Pratibha Syntex had taken a loan of Rs 400 crore and nearly 70% of which comprised TUF loan, said the firm's managing director, Shreyaskar Chaudhury.Piyush Mutha, MD, Vippy SpinPro, said, \"We had taken a loan of Rs 25 crore from Punjab National Bank (PNB) during the past five years and our outstanding loan as of now stands at Rs 10 crore. It takes six months time for the reimbursement of interest subsidy to us, which is time consuming.\"Tarun Baldua, chairman, MP Textile Mills Association, said, \"Capital requirement in this industry is high and the assets/turnover ratio is 1-1.50 only. The adverse market condition is affecting the industry. Any system which eases the fund flow to the industry is of a big help. If TUF subsidy is directly paid to the banks instead of reimbursement to the industry, the fund flow to the industry will improve.\"Talking about his company, Baldua, president of Maral Overseas, added, \"Maral had a long-term loan outstanding of Rs 280 crore four years ago, including TUF loan, which has been reduced to Rs 170 crore as on date. It means Maral has repaid the loan of Rs 110 crore in the past four years from its internal accruals.\"SP Oswal, chairman of Oswal group which has plans to invest Rs 950 crore in the state, said, \"Mostly, the investments have been made in the sector through TUF scheme only. At my company, we have taken loan amounting to Rs 3000 crore under it and our current outstanding stood at Rs 2000 crore. The good thing was that now the regular disbursement has started happening in the sector from the very beginning of the current fiscal.\"MC Rawat, secretary of the association, said, \"Nearly 90 applications from various textile units have been put up before the government so far and except for 2-3 all units have already been provided loan under the scheme since 1998 when it was launched.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382298", "title": "Breather for Garware's widow", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday granted interim protection to Ramona Bruno against being made to vacate her spacious Warden Road flat. Bruno whose late former husband was Jaideep Garware, head honcho of Garware Paints, had moved the HC against an recent order of the magistrate's court and the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) which allowed Deve Paints which had taken over Garware Paints to take possession of the flat where she resides with her present husband and children. Her lawyers said that the BIFR had no power to disposses an occupant while Counsel for Deve Paints said it had. The HC directed her to take her challenge before BIFR. She said she had moved the Board on August 1 but her mater was not listed.The HC set a deadline for BIFR to hear the matter and said till then no steps would be taken through the magistrate's court against her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15383503", "title": "Work on Hazaribag railway project resumes after 6 months", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Construction work on the 79-km-long Koderma-Hazaribag phase railway project resumed after a gap of six months following the intervention of the district administration. The work was held up due to protest by villagers of Paharpur and Padma, said Priti Sinha, BDO cum CO of Padma Block in Hazaribag district.East Central Railways office here said the villagers were not allowing the laying of railway tracks claiming that the road on which the railway line was being laid was being used by them to go to Padma. They said they would not allow the construction to continue unless an overbridge was built.At the behest of Hazaribag MP Yashwant Sinha , a meeting was held between the villagers, BDO and executive engineer of the East Central Railway in which it was found that the demands of the villagers were genuine.The revenue map confirmed that the area taken by the railways was an old road.The BDO then informed the DC that steps should be taken by the railways for sanctioning the construction of an over bridge which was agreed upon by the executive engineer who assured the villagers and the district administration that he would produce the letter for constructing the bridge within a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15384493", "title": "Youth shot over minor dispute", "text": "VARANASI: In a minor dispute between women members of two families, a youth was shot in Chinhatkala village, under Dehat Kotwali police area, in Mirzapur district on Monday.Schchelal Vishwakarma (20) and his neighbour Bakeylal had some property dispute in the past. Their families had settled the dispute in the recent past. On Monday morning, the women members of the two families indulged in fighting over washing of clothes at the well situated in front of their houses. The men also came out and joined the fight.Bakeylal took out his licensed gun and opened fire. Sachchelal fell on the ground and the assailants fled from the scene. The villagers rushed Sachchelal to district hospital where he died. Sachchelal's brother Rohit lodged a named FIR against three persons, including Bakeylal. The accused are absconding.Youth dies: Pradeep Chaurasia (28), a native of Konia, under Adampur police, died under mysterious circumstances inside his room. Pradeep's body was found lying on the bed. His family suspected that he had consumed poison to commit suicide. His father-in-law alleged that Pradeep was murdered by his family members. His family members and father-in-law indulged in fighting. The situation normalized after police intervention.Loot case worked out: The Lanka police nabbed three miscreants who had looted a hospital employee in Dhaphi area on Sunday night.Santosh Yadav, an employee of a private hospital in Dhaphi bypass area, was looted when he was returning home on his motorcycle on Sunday night. The miscreants fled after looting his motorcycle, mobile phone and Rs 2,760 in cash.After a few hours of the case, Lanka cops got a tip-off regarding the movement of three youth under suspicious circumstance near Lautubir Baba temple. When the cops raided the place, the three youths tried to escape but the cops nabbed them. They were identified as Umesh Sahani of Tikri, Ramesh Patel and Sukkhu Rajbhar of Narottampur. Police recovered the looted articles from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15383372", "title": "RPF seizes e-goods of Rs 14L on Rajdhani", "text": "KOLKATA: A huge consignment of Chinese-made mobile phones and other electronic goods were seized on the down Rajdhani Express at Sealdah station on Monday morning.The consignment, worth about Rs 14 lakh, did not have custom clearance. This is the second such instance of Chinese-made mobile handsets seized on a train from New Delhi this year.Working on a tip-off, a team of Railway Protection Force (RPF) swung into action after the train arrived. They found 31 boxes with 1346 mobile phones, 1500 card readers and other electronic items like chips. One Ashutosh Tiwari, who had come to receive the consignment, has been detained. \"The consignment had no custom clearance. The hunt for the kingpin of the operation is on,\" said an RPF official.On May 4 this year, RPF had seized similar consignment worth about Rs 11 lakh. The consignment was being transported from Delhi on the Duranata Express to Sealdah station. These mobile phones are for sale in the city grey markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15381817", "title": "Swiss drug major's insulin gets shot in the arm", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a controversial move, the state government has tied up with diabetes drug major Novonordisk to apparently create awareness about diabetes in five districts of the state. In what is being seen as surrogate advertising for its diabetes drug questionably being facilitated by the state government, the pharma major would piggy back on a government programme on diabetes awareness which would start from November 1 in Hyderabad, Warangal, Tirupati, Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam.Novonordisk happens to be the world's leading producer of insulin. In the state, it is the topmost drug for treating type 1 diabetes. Incidentally, a similar awareness programme for controlling non-communicable diseases is underway in eight rural districts of AP with funding from central and state government.The commissioner of health and family welfare will enter into an MoU with Novonordisk Trust, the social arm of the pharmaceutical company. Officials maintain that this pilot PPP project is purely a philanthropic initiative, adding that the state government will not be paying anything to the private partner. As part of the programme, one lakh people will be screened and awareness will be created among 20 lakh people. Three branded vans of Novonordisk will be deployed in the five cities as part of the programme.The Switzerland-based pharma major is likely to benefit tremendously from the government support. \"Around 40% of the insulin that we prescribe is Novonordisk. And if they are using the product name (in the awareness programme) it will definitely lead to promotion,\" said Dr P V Rao, head of endocrinology department at the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences.Vijay Annapa Reddy, president, AP Pharmacy Council adds, \"They might not be taking any money directly from the government's treasury but will gain immensely through such activities. It is easy to go to the public using the government's banner.\" He added that companies not just manufacture drugs but they also create diseases.\"By entering into such MoUs with private firms, the government may not be spending but will end up promoting these firms indirectly. It is the people who will spend,\" he said. If they are doing anything to cut down the costs, then it would be a people-friendly initiative, he added.Officially, the diabetes control programme in the first phase spanning six months would comprise an awareness drive along with diagnoses. During the second phase, doctors and paramedical staff would be trained while in the third phase, the situation would be reviewed. The focus, officials said, would be more on the slum areas of the city. Experts say that such programmes can be conducted by the government that is well networked than any other NGO or organisation. There is a WHO programme that has not been utilized by the state and central government. Novonordisk has apparently partnered with other state governments as well including Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383585", "title": "Lawyers protest against court fee hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Work in all the district courts in the capital were affected on Monday with lawyers going on a day-long strike to protest against the hike in court fees in Delhi.The lawyers abstained from work in all six district courts of Patiala House, Tis Hazari, Karkardooma, Rohini , Saket and Dwarka, saying the Delhi government has notified the Court Fee (Amendment ) Act due to which the common people will have suffer as the court fee has been increased by ten times.The Delhi government had recently decided to increase the court fees ten-fold to shore up its coffers by around Rs 450 crore annually.Rajiv Jai, chairman of the Co-ordination Council of All Bar Associations and president of New Delhi Bar Association , said that the strike is successful as lawyers are not appearing in the court proceedings . \"We (lawyers) are observing a day-long strike in all the six district courts. The strike is successful today and we will go on a hunger strike from tomorrow onwards at Patiala House court complex ,\" he said.Nitin Ahlawat, secretary of Delhi Bar Association, confirmed that no work was being done at the Tis Hazari court due to the strike. President of the Shahdara Bar Association , R K Jain also said that the strike was a success at Karkardooma court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15380946", "title": "Barkatullah University to hold first test for PhD, M Phil on Sept 22", "text": "BHOPAL: Barkatullah University, for the first time, will organise entrance tests of M Phil and PhD on September 22. University officially announced the dates on Monday.Announcing the dates, university authorities said entrance test would comprise one multiple objective question paper having 100 questions of one mark each covering all basic papers of post-graduate level subjects.Eligible candidates seeking admission to M Phil or PhD will have to submit their application on prescribed form with the requisite fee of Rs 2,500 by cash or demand draft drawn in the favour registrar Barkatullah University. The form can be downloaded from BU's official website. The application form should reach registrar or on before August 30.Candidates who have qualified in national level tests, including NET, GATE and state level tests like MPSLET, accredited by UGC or teacher fellowship holders or M Phil degree holders through an entrance test are exempted from the entrance test of PhD. However, such candidates will have necessarily apply in the prescribed form and submit the fee of Rs 2,500 for admission in PhD and M Phil programmes.Under the PhD programmes, there will be 42 disciplines in which students can apply which includes applied economics and business management, applied aquaculture, Arabic, bio-science, bio-technology, botany, chemistry, commerce, computer science, drawing and painting, economics, education, electronics, yoga, English, genetics, geography, geology, Hindi, history, home science, law, environment science and limnology, linguistics, management, mathematics, microbiology, military science, music, Persian, pharmacy, philosophy, physical education, physics, political science, psychology, Sanskrit, sociology, statistics, technical education, Urdu and zoology.For further details, interested candidates may login BU's official website www.bubhopal.nic.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383766", "title": "Fresh case against Anna supporters", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fresh case has been registered against Team Anna supporters for creating a ruckus at India Gate on August 1. Unlike the first FIR, which was against unknown people, this case mentions the name of at least one Anna loyalist , who, cops claim, was tried to foment trouble through \"repeated'' clashes with police.The FIR names one Shazia Ilmi, who according to cops is from Mumbai. The sections slapped on them at the case filed at Tilak Marg police station are learnt to be more stringent . The case has been registered under Section 147 (rioting ) and even Section 148 (rioting with a weapon). Police said this could attract a maximum jail term of three years.Other sections added to the FIR are Sections 186 (obstructing a public servant) and 353 (assault). \"The case has been registered on the basis of statements of various eyewitnesses ,\" he said. Around 200 Team Anna supporters, including girls, had staged a protest near India Gate and heckled police officers when they tried to stop them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385618", "title": "Expendables inspired by Rambo 2 dialogues: Sylvester", "text": "Sylvester Stallone revealed that the title of his movie 'The Expendables' is inspired by his dialogue -- 'You're expendable' from the movie Rambo2.Rambo 2 was the film that popularised and stylized the lone wolf - one man army action hero element which has been used in numerous action films. During a recent event, he was heard telling the guests about the title and admitted that The Dependables didn't quite work on the same level and that's what they went ahead with 'The Expendables'. 'The Expendables 2' which will be releasing in August is directed by Simon West. The film is a re-union of the old-school mercenaries, where the expendables are compelled to seek revenge when one of them is viciously killed. Hell-bent on payback, the crew cuts a swath of destruction through opposing forces, wreaking havoc and shutting down an unexpected threat in the nick of time.Apart from Stallone, the casts includes Jason Statham , Jet Li, Dolph Lundgren , Chuck Norris, Jean Claude Van Damme, Bruce Willis, Arnold Schwarzenegger , Terry Crews , Randy Couture , Liam Hemsworth, Scott Adkins, Amanda Ooms, Charisma Carpenter. When asked about the film, Stallone assures the audience that they are in for a tremendous ride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15382799", "title": "UP govt vies for vocational courses to raise education bar", "text": "LUCKNOW: To improve the quality of education in secondary schools, the state government has asked the Ministry of Human Resource Development to start, with immediate effect, vocational courses in 100 secondary schools affiliated to the UP Board. An announcement to this effect was made by secretary, secondary education department, Partha Sarthi Sen Sharma, while speaking at the inaugural ceremony of a two-day workshop on 'Education Excellence for School Leadership Team' by Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).Accepting that the vocational education system in the state needed a major overhaul, Sharma said UP has 872 vocational education schools with 35 courses where the curriculum needs redesigning as per the needs of the industry. Proposing that CII should sign a Memorandum of Understanding with UP and reach out to principals of schools affiliated to UP Board, Sharma said such an exercise would also help more than 19,000 schools under UP Board - 1,000 government-run, 4,500 aided and 13,500 privately-run schools that were recognised by the state government.The two-day workshop on Education Excellence for School Leadership Team, organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry, is being conducted by A Senthil Kumaran, principal counsellor at CII Institute of Quality in Bangalore. Kumaran, who will hold the session with stakeholders, said there was a need, in the education sector, to share ideas and to innovate in order to achieve excellence in education.Over 25 principals from top schools from Lucknow and nearby cities will attend the interactive workshop to bring the administration abreast with the latest in academic leadership, Total Quality Management (TQM), its fundamental principles and practices to increase the effectiveness of a school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15382472", "title": "Anti-graft bureau lands big fishes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On August 1, chief officer of petrochemical complex area of GIDC in Vadodara M S Gurjar called up his associate Satish Lakhtaria to visit Anant Joshi at his house and collect Rs 3.60 lakh. Joshi, who owns a company, had agreed to pay the amount to get the remaining payment towards installation of lighting poles in the GIDC.Little did Gurjar know that Lakhataria was walking into a trap. As soon as he received the currency notes and informed Gurjar about it, he was caught by a team of state anti-corruption bureau (ACB). Gurjar, too, was arrested later.Significantly, for the ACB, this was the seventh major catch this year, where they managed to trap class I or II officers with bribe amount of Rs 1 lakh or more. According to officials, the bribe amount has been since the last two years, and thankfully so is the number of successful traps.The state ACB had reported total 243 cases of graft in 2011. In this year, the agency had already registered 137 cases till July. In most of the cases, class III or IV employees of government agencies were caught for accepting bribe ranging from Rs 500 to Rs 15,000. However, an ACB official said that out of the total cases registered, more than 35 had the bribe amount exceeding Rs 50,000.Talking about the recent trend, special director of ACB Ashish Bhatia told TOI that the impression that big flies are not caught in ACB net was incorrect. \"Recent cases show that class I and II officers are not beyond the reach of the law. The citizens have become more aware about the corruption and have started reporting such cases. Once restricted to local administration departments and police agencies, we now get complaints against almost all the centre and state government divisions,\" he said.Surprisingly, Team Anna's movement has not done much to stir the state citizens or made them more vocal about the corruption. As per ACB figures, the number of cases have almost remained parallel to that of 2011. On the other hand, the ACB officials say that after 2010, they have seen a surge in corruption cases.Police tech corners the corruptParth ShastriAHMEDABAD: In May this year, the state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) officials kept vigil near Danilimda police station after a case was filed by Mushtaq Qureshi, a resident of Bapunagar. Qureshi was threatened by constable Narendrasinh Gohil that he would be declared an absconder in a case if he did not pay up.When the officials were expecting Gohil to turn up, a man contacted Qureshi and informed him that he had come to collect the money. ACB team soon learned that the man was a paan shop owner, who used to collect money on the constable's behalf.\"In any corruption case, three things are crucial - demand of bribe, acceptance of bribe, and presence of witnesses. In some cases, especially related to police, the bribe seekers do not entertain witnesses posing as friends accompanying the complainant. Some refuse to talk in presence of others or ask the complainant to deposit the amount directly to some bank account,\" said a senior ACB official.As the noose tightens around the government officials, they turn innovative to evade police action. However, the ACB officials fight it with help of technology. The sleuths have been given voice recorders, button cameras and surveillance devices for the cases where recordings are used as evidence against the individual. An official said that while the ratio of success has not changed much, the accuracy of the cases and evidential value has increased with advent of technology.In one of the high-profile cases, the then deputy superintendent of police posted in Sarkhej, R S Rana, was trapped by ACB while accepting Rs 3 lakh as bribe in April 2010. A cop himself, Rana took all the precautions to avert such a situation but ACB caught him red-handed with help of surveillance gadgets. The entire trap was also recorded using a mini-camera and digital voice recorder.Awareness drive initiatedSpecial director of anti-corruption bureau (ACB) Ashish Bhatia says that apart from their offices in the state, the agency's website, email id and helpline numbers are getting hits on a daily basis.\"The traffic has surely increased in recent times. We get around 10 complaints everyday. While some of the complaints are forwarded to senior officers in the respective departments, others result into traps or decoy.We organize events in collaboration with a number of NGOs and public entities to create awareness. Thanks to this, the number of traps involving senior officers has shot up,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382548", "title": "Bangalore can be model of sustainability", "text": "BANGALORE: He breathes green, and it shows. The Adam Joseph Lewis Center at Oberlin University, Ohio is perhaps a good example of responsible and sustainable architecture. And David W Orr, special assistant to the US president on sustainability and environmental affairs and well-known environmentalist, who has spearheaded green buildings.He's also the recipient of, among others, the , National Conservation Achievement Award by the and Lyndhurst Prize. Orr tells TOI how rapidly-growing cities like Bangalore should incorporate the green element while accommodating more people.* Where does Bangalore stand vis-a-vis other rapidly-growing global cities?Cities like Bangalore, like many American cities, are very intensive in nature. There should be efforts to ensure the city grows vertically and not horizontally so that natural resources, already at a premium, can be tapped more effectively. Technology has advanced a lot and it should be ideally blended with ancient architecture to design environmentally friendly towns.* How can we build cities which are sustainable in nature?Shifting to renewable energy is the easiest thing to do in India. Bangalore is ideally placed to become the model city if sunlight can be effectively tapped and then technology used to run the entire city on solar power. The blur which now exists between rural and urban areas must go with the idea of making entire states liveable. Also, treat waste water and put it back into agricultural land.* You've been a pioneer in getting people to use public transport. Why?To build that eco-friendly city, people have to hop out of their private cars and move into public transport. People must understand how natural systems work for them to design an eco-friendly culture. Only then will they ask for changes in the existing structure and get them introduced too. It's all about ecological literacy, when people understand how the natural system works and design things around them accordingly. Pollution levels come down drastically when people start using public transport and that goes a long way in developing a green, sustainable town.* Tell us more about green architecture and the Lewis Center you set up...Green architecture eliminates environmental damage, architecture that honours human senses with a built-form. It aims at creating spaces where people would want to work and, in turn, the economics will improve. The greener the infrastructure designs in a city, the better are its economics. The Lewis Center has the distinction of being one of the thirty milestone buildings in the 20th century to be the most interesting of a new generation of science buildings and also one of the most important green buildings of the past 30 years. It helped launch the green building movement in higher education and is one of the few buildings powered entirely by sunlight. It also purifies and reuses its waste water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15383545", "title": "Girls also rise in madrassas", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Muslim girls have breached the final frontier in Islamic education by winning most of ranks in the Samastha Kerala Islamic Education Board examinations held at 9,135 madrassas across the state and in overseas centres. Ending the male dominance by scoring high marks in religious subjects such as Quran studies, Islamic theology, Arabic grammar and the like, girls won 16 of the total 20 ranks.Incidentally, the feminine success has taken place in the religious learning centres of the main Sunni faction in the state, which forbids entry of women to mosques for prayers. As many as 2.14 lakh students had attended the exams for classes 5, 7, 10 held in June and Plus Two in June and July. All the first ranks in the four classes have been won by girls.\"Though the girls had scored well in previous years, this year they set a record by completely dominating the rank list,\" Pinangode Aboobacker, general manager of the Samastha Islamic Education Board, which oversees the examination told TOI.He said girls are more committed and punctual in attending Madrassa classes, usually held between 7.30am and 9.30am daily. The students attend the religious education classes before heading to their normal schools. \"The boys often are late and have their own distractions like games and other engagements. This has had a bearing on the results,\" he said.Aboobacker said the enrolment of girls in the madrassas have also increased significantly during the last six- seven years. \"The decrease in child marriage has been a factor which has enabled more girls to continue with their madrassa education, especially in higher classes. Currently they are the majority in almost all classes,\" he said.The madrassas traditionally called 'Oothupallis' were once limited to rote teaching of Holy Quran but now offers computer classes and has adopted modern pedagogical instruments for teaching science and maths. Some even train students in English and Hindi.The government has spent over Rs 23 crore for 547 madrasas in the current financial year as part of the Central-sponsored madrasa modernization scheme. Around 75% of the teachers who are teaching the newly-introduced subjects are women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15384053", "title": "Ex-head constable killed in sleep", "text": "GURGAON: In a suspected case of rivalry and revenge, a 75-year-old former Haryana police head constable was killed in Manesar village when he was asleep late on Sunday. His body bore several wound marks, indicating that he was repeatedly hit by a sharp weapon such as axe or knife.Police have lodged an FIR against the brother of the slain cop and his sons.The son of the slain former head constable, Hansram, alleged that his father was murdered due to old rivalry. According to the police, Hansram, a resident of Manesar village, was fast asleep after having dinner in an unfinished room on the land owned by him.Some labourers were also sleeping nearby. Around 1 in the night, Hansram was attacked by some one with a sharp weapon. After hearing Hansram's screams, the labourers woke up and saw few people running away.They found Hansram lying in a pool of blood in his room and informed his sons.Police said the slain former cop's sons, Virendra and Surendra, reached rushed their father to a private hospital nearby. However, doctors declared him brought dead.Soon, the Manesar police reached the spot and took Hansram's body in custody and later handed it over to his sons after a postmortem.\"We have lodged an FIR against Hansram's brother, Dharmbeer, and his three sons on the statement of Surendra that they might have killed his father due to old rivalry,\" said Ramkumar, the investigating officer.Driver flees with car: City police have lodged an FIR against a driver for fleeing with his employer's car. The driver has been missing with Mahindra Xylo car since August 2. Gaurav Mosses, owner of a city-based travel agency, lodged complaint against one Amit Kumar , resident of Khurja Bulanadshahar in UP. \"A police team has gone to arrest the accused\", said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385938", "title": "Pallavi Bora's art show at the Lalit Kala Academy", "text": "It was young painter Pallavi Bora's \"Journey\" of paintings painted so far that became the talk of the town over the last weekend.A show organised of her art works at the Lalit Kala Academy, saw art lovers gather for a dekko. UP's First Lady, Dimple Yadav inaugurated the exhibition. Pallavi made sure that she explained each of her paintings to the art lovers present there. While the La Martiniere student was busy, her proud parents, Nisha and Sudhir Bora showed their friends around. Those Were The Days: Those at the do could be seen eagerly awaiting Dimple's arrival, who herself was delayed by a good one hour. But once there, she made sure Pallavi was at hand to explain the concept behind each work. In fact, talking to the guests at the event later, Dimple mentioned how the exhibition reminded her of her own days when she used to paint as a hobby. But when asked if she continues to paint, the new MP revealed that she hardly gets time to do that now.Hum Bhi Hain: Making an early entry at the do was Vipul Varshney, who made an equally early exit. Meera Talwar Vardhan was heard telling the shutterbugs, \"Arre bhai kitni photo kheechengey meri aap...\"Spotted: Jayant Krishna,Ravi Kapoor, Sangeeta and Ajaish Jaiswal,Anvita and Vinita,Vineeta Gupta, Sonu, Nipun Jain, Shabri Mehta, Laveena, Suman, Karen and Imran Qureshi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382475", "title": "Boy beaten up by cops for stealing purse, child panel seeks report", "text": "JAIPUR: A nine-year-old boy was allegedly beaten up by the personnel of Government Railway Police (GRP) for stealing the wallet of a person near Jaipur railway station on Monday. Taking cognizance of the incident, Rajasthan State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (RSCPCR), has sought a report from the GRP.\"We have demanded a factual report on the incident from superintendent of police GRP. Prima facie it looks like a case of cruelty against child and custodial violation,\" said Govind Beniwal, member, RSCPCR.The police lodging an FIR against the boy was also a violation of Juvenile Justice Act, he said. \"An FIR cannot be lodged against a minor boy if the imprisonment for the crime is less than seven years,\" Beniwal said.The police claimed that the boy had stolen the wallet of a person near Jaipur railway station. But NGOs claimed that the boy had injury marks on his body as the policemen beat him up.Members of an NGO -- Rajasthan Bal Adhikar Samrakshan Abhiyan -- also reached the police station. The representatives of the NGO blamed the police of misbehaving with them. Swaroop Pal, a child rights activist, said: \"The boy has identified the policemen who beat him up in the police station. When we tried to intervene in the matter, the police misbehaved with us.\"Besides, NGOs have lodged an FIR against the two policemen for violating Juvenile Justice Act. Vijay Goel , another child rights activist, said: \"We have lodged FIR against the two policemen - constable Vikram Yadav and head constable Shrawan Singh.\"A senior GRP officer said that an investigation has been ordered into the allegation. \"We have got a medical examination done on the boy. Prima facie, it seems the boy was running after stealing the purse when he saw the policemen approaching him. He fell down and sustained injuries. He has confessed that he stole the purse and later gave it to her mother,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15382945", "title": "10 criminal cases against Gopal Kanda", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Gopal Kanda, the former Haryana minister and an accused in Geetika suicide case, has as many as 10 criminal cases against him, including of assault and firing. Kanda made this declaration at the time of filing nomination papers as an independent candidate from Sirsa city constituency during 2009 assembly polls.Although the current status of the cases could not be ascertained, these speak volumes about Kanda's chequered past before assuming the berth of minister of state (MoS) for home and other portfolios. The self-declaration documents, a copy of which is with TOI, revealed that Kanda was one of the accused in an alleged incident of assault and firing which took place on the premises of his Gurgaon office in February 2008.Currently, this case is under trial in a Gurgaon court. While the remaining nine cases are criminal complaints under Section 138 of Negotiable Instruments Act filed against companies wherein Kanda had signed bounced cheques as authorized signatory in the capacity of director.Documents revealed that four cases were filed by Cosmo Builders Pvt Limited against Believe Constructions Pvt Ltd, the firm whose director was Kanda. These cases were pending in Tees Hazari court of New Delhi.Likewise, three cases were pending in the court of Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMIC) Bathinda. Two cases were lodged by Chavan Rishi Pvt Limited. While the third case was lodged by BCL Securities and Jewellers against Nageshwar Builders Pvt Ltd., Kanda was a director of this company too.The other two cases were lodged by Surender Singh and Vijay Singh against Witness Construction Pvt Ltd, where Kanda was one of the authorized signatories and involved in company affairs.As Kanda continued to remain elusive, sources close to him feigned ignorance about the current status of the cases against the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15381751", "title": "Corporation's donation to CM Relief Fund illegal: CAG", "text": "PATNA: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India has indicted the Bihar State Text Book Publishing Corporation Limited for donating Rs 1 crore to the Chief Minister Relief Fund in violation of the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956.The CAG report for the financial year ending in March 2011, which was tabled in the state legislative council by deputy CM Sushil K Modi on Monday, said Section 293 (1) (e) of the Companies Ac restricts the powers of the Board of Directors of a public company to contribute to charitable and other funds, not directly relating to the business of the company or the welfare of their employees.\"The company may contribute any amount the aggregate of which, within any financial year, does not exceed Rs 50,000 or 5% of its average profit during the three immediately preceding financial years, whichever was greater. Where the contribution is likely to exceed this limit, the same must be done with the prior consent of the company in general meeting,\" it said.The CAG observed the public limited company's contribution was 41.67% of its average profit for the three immediately preceding financial years. Prior consent of the company in the general meeting was not taken, it said and added the company's action to make the donation was not only in violation of the Act but also against the canons of financial prudence.The corporation in December 2011 justified the contribution, saying the annual general meeting of the company had not been held since December 2007 due to non-apportionment of the company's shares between the governments of Bihar and Jharkhand. Further, the board resolved in November 2011 to put up the matter for approval in the annual general meeting to be held in the future.This explanation, according to the CAG, was not in consonance with the provisions of the Act since the contribution was irregular and the Act does not provide for its subsequent regularization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15383351", "title": "Longest of odds no match for America's ingenuity: Obama", "text": "The successful landing of Curiosity - the most sophisticated roving laboratory ever to land on another planet - marks an unprecedented feat of technology that will stand as a point of national pride far into the future,\" US President Barack Obama , said on Monday. \"It proves that even the longest of odds are no match for America's unique blend of ingenuity and determination,\" the US President noted. Congratulating scientists who were involved in this mission, Obama said the successful landing on Mars , parallels US's major steps forward towards a vision for a new partnership with American companies to send American astronauts into space on American spacecraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15382703", "title": "Bill to curb casino entry introduced", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday introduced the Goa Public Gambling (Amendment) Bill 2012, to empower the government to restrict entry into gaming areas of casinos to tourists only and to those above the age of 21.\"No person other than a tourist shall have entry to the place or area where the games/games as authorized under Section 13A,\" the bill says.It empowers the government to frame rules to regulate and control casino activity, create a statutory authority designated as gaming commissioner to regulate, administer and enforce the Goa Public Gambling Act, 1976.Parrikar warned that if offshore casino operators don't pay the annual fee by August 15, they will be closed down the next day. \"No (offshore) casinos have paid the fees so far. They will be raided and closed down. Alll their guests will be treated as illegal gamblers and action would be initiated against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15383573", "title": "Giant African snails invade Kannur", "text": "KANNUR: The presence of giant African snails (Achatina fulica Bowtich) in the district has sent alarm bells among agriculture and health officials here. The snails feed on over 500 varieties of plants, and are considered a huge threat to the agriculture. It is also considered a health risk as it carries two types of parasites that can cause meningitis.Though a satellite population was spotted last year near the Sree Narayana Park, this year it has been spotted in two places in the surrounding areas of the park, including the compound walls on the backside of a shopping complex, and their colony this time is even bigger.According to T V Sajeev, an expert from Kerala Forest Research Institute ( KFRI) at Peechi, Thrissur, the municipal authorities have just informed the institute about the fresh infestation and their team would visit Kannur in the coming days.\"Owing to the delay in monsoon, this year no major outbreak of the pest was reported from anywhere, but we have prepared a prediction model of possible localities in the state where it can spread,\" he said adding that in the Malabar region, Mahe and Azhikkal are likely to have this infestation, and hence the local administration should be vigilant to take quick action.\"Last year, a major outbreak of African snail infestation was reported from Parassinikkadavu and Muzhappilangad, and the one near S N Park was very small, but the recurrence of it this time should be taken seriously, because it can spread to other localities too, and the possibility of the area being developed as permanent colony could not be ruled out,\" he warned.The ideal way is to put crushed cabbage leaves and papaya leaves in the infested locality in the night, and the pest will come and sit on that, when they become active during night. Then, a solution of tobacco decoction and copper sulphate can be sprayed to kill it. Though the pest can also be killed using salt, the snail will melt in the salt and it will cause heavy stink, said Sajeev.Taking the examples of places like Wellington Island in Kochi, where life has become miserable due to African snails, the authorities have been asked to be vigilant enough to fight the pest. If you spot any colony of African snail, you can contact the helpline number of KFRI: 0487-2690222.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15382891", "title": "UP govt transfers two IPS officers", "text": "The government on Monday transferred two senior IPS officers. Vipin Kumar, ADG, UP Power Corporation has been appointed as ADG, Special Investigation Team. He has been replaced by Javed Akhtar , ADG, SIT.Training prog: A special training programme for district and sessions judges/senior additional district and sessions judges of UP under 13th Finance Commission Scheme began at the Institute of Judicial Training and Research on Monday. Institute chairman Justice Bhanwar Singh said district judges are the head of judicial administration. Vital areas like financial management and administrative management will be discussed during this training.Visit: Air Marshal J Chauhan, Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief , Central Air Command, will be on a two-day visit to Air Force station, Bakhshi ka Talaab and Memaura on Tuesday. He will inspect guard of honour, address Air Force personnel and visit various sections of the Air Force Station BKT before departing to Air Force Station Memaura the next day.'Pay dues': UP State Council of CPI has urged the UP government to order the sugar mills to make immediate payment of the farmers' outstanding dues.Usha Ananthasubramanian, executive director of Punjab National Bank will be visiting Lucknow on August 7. During her stay in the state capital, she will inaugurate branch offices in Gomtinagar, Aliganj, Vikasnagar, Indiranagar and Munshi Pulia under 'PNB Pragati Project' and launch 'PNB saving bank' campaign. She will also address the staff meeting in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382453", "title": "School vans to stay off road today", "text": "CHENNAI: After feeling the pinch of the recent crackdown by the transport department, several school vans will go off the roads on Tuesday.An association of private school van owners met the transport minister and home secretary with a representation to make driving vans more affordable and secure.\"Van drivers have decided to stay of the roads and have informed the children's parents in advance,\" said the president of Tamil Nadu School Van Drivers' Association Vairasekhar. \"We have requested them to increase the number of children permitted from 12 to 20 in maxi cabs. We have also requested them to decrease the tax amount,\" said Vairasekhar. From 3,825 every quarter, we want it to be reduced to 2,000 a year,\" he said.In return, the association has promised several measures to ensure safety for students. \"We will decrease the height of the seat so that the child will be seated securely. We are also ready to attach seat belt for every child,\" said Vairasekhar.After the accident in which six-year-old Shruthi Sethumadhavan died after slipping out through a hole on a bus floor, the government has stepped up pressure on school vans and autorickshaws that ply more children than permitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383080", "title": "'Concrete policy needed to deal with refugees'", "text": "PUNE: Former Union minister of state for external affairs Shashi Tharoor said on Monday that the country needs a concrete policy to effectively deal with the problem of refugees.\"The ongoing effort to deal with refugees can barely be termed as satisfactory,\" he said at a panel discussion following the release of his new book 'Pax Indica: India and the world of the 21st century', at the Symbiosis Centre for International Education (SCIE).\"This is despite the fact that the process to introduce a new enactment in the country to deal with the issue is on,\" said Tharoor, who is an MP from Thiruvanantapuram and a former under secretary general with the United Nations (UN).General officer commanding in chief of army southern command Lt Gen A K Singh and former ambassador to Saudi Arabia Talmiz Ahmed participated in the discussion moderated by noted journalist Dileep Padgaonkar, who is also chair professor, faculty of media and communications at Symbiosis International University.In his new book, which was released at the hands of Symbiosis founder head S B Mujumdar, Tharoor has explained why foreign policy matters to India, which is focused on its own domestic transformation. The book deals quite elaborately with India's major international relationships and seeks to evoke the country's soft power like Yoga, spiritualism and Indian talent, among others, for creating a new image for the country on the global platform. It throws light on emerging India's global responsibilities and offers the writer's thoughts on a contemporary new grand strategy.\"India must move beyond non-alignment to multi-alignment,\" Tharoor said while pointing out that in an increasingly networked world, the country will have to work through multiple networks meant for serving different purposes.Tharoor said that the country needs to adopt a proactive foreign policy to deal with the problem of terrorism. \"India needs to take up the issue at global forums like the UN for drawing support from as many nations as possible for its fight against terrorism,\" he said.The fact that terrorism has affected several countries including the United States and the United Kingdom , helps these nations appreciate India's concerns, he said. It can also help India expose the claims of those countries, which support terrorism, he added.On his part, Lt Gen A K Singh said that the importance of armed forces can not be overlooked as they have an essential role in the formation of foreign policies of the country.Symbiosis principal director Vidya Yeravdekar, vice-chancellor Bhushan Patwardhan, Sunanda Pushkar and SCIE executive director Swati Sahasrabudhe were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15384004", "title": "US students learn swalpa Kannada", "text": "MYSORE: \"Oota beku, thumba kara beku...,\" Nikki Aaron says with a straight face, before she gives up and breaks into a giggle.A student from the University of Otago in New Zealand, Nikki is in Mysore along with Caleb Simmons from the University of Florida and Elizabeth Mount from Syracuse University. The three US nationals are doing research in religious studies and sociology, and are in Mysore to learn Kannada to facilitate their research work and to understand their subject better by interacting with local people and reading local literature.Retired professor R V S Sundaram, their Kannada teacher, says the research students want to dig deeper into their studies and have displayed keen interest in learning the language.Simmons, a researcher from the department of religion who is researching on Goddess Chamundeshwari and her avatars and the Wadiyar dynasty, says he is learning Kannada for better research results. During his recent visit to the Chamundi Hills, Simmons says he managed to interact with local people about the deity. \"Slowly, I can read and understand Kannada and I hope it will be helpful in my research work,\" he says. Nikki, an American studying in New Zealand, says they have been learning Kannada for a month and she can now easily make general conversations in hotels, with auto drivers and locals. A research student of the department of theology and religious studies, Nikki is working on 'Devadasi system and how NGOs are working to protect women'.Elizabeth Mount, a researcher in sociology, is working on the functioning of NGOs in the health sector with special focus on HIV and how successful the schemes are on this score.Sundaram, a retired professor attached to Kuvempu Institute of Kannada Studies, University of Mysore, says he has been teaching Kannada to foreign students for the past seven years. There are two different programmes - a 10-week programme and a yearlong programme to teach Kannada.Students will be taught basic Kannada through four hours of daily classroom teaching, reading newspapers, listening to radio, special lectures and interaction with local people, he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore ", "code": "15382995", "title": "Police struggle to curb menace of overloaded autos", "text": "COIMBATORE : Overloaded auto rickshaws carrying school children continue to ply on city roads, despite the transport department's vigilant efforts to curb violations committed by school vehicles, pertaining to road safety.Police officials have implemented stringent measures to improve road safety, following the death of two girl children who were crushed under the wheels of school buses in two separate incidents at Selayur and Vellore recently. Rigorous inspections were conducted where regional transport offices checked 3,276 vehicles including 2,083 school buses and 1,193 college buses in less than a week.There are 3564 institutional buses which operate in Coimbatore under various regional transport offices. Officials cancelled fitness certificates for 79 buses that violated safety rules. This included 53 school buses and the rest were college buses. Officials issued notices to 196 buses during the four-day drive. Besides this, a fine of Rs 1.17 lakh was imposed on 112 vehicles, a press release said.However, when questioned about the number of auto rickshaws that were fined for violating safety rules, deputy transport commissioner K N Uthyanaun passed the buck on to regional transport officers who claimed to have taken appropriate action against violators, although they were unable to divulge the numbers.\"When it comes to auto rickshaws, it looks like they are let off easy, by both the transport department and traffic police,\" said K Kathirmathiyon, secretary, Coimbatore Consumer Cause. He said that auto drivers would follow safety rules only if stern action is taken against violations. But officials have failed to be firm with them. Consequently, they continue to overload their vehicles with children, unmindful of the risks involved, he added.However, he reiterated that officials alone could not be blamed for the situation. Parents are equally responsible, he said.Many parents opt for the auto over school bus as the former is relatively cheaper. Besides, the bus does not stop at your door step. Kathirmathiyon said that the number of school buses plying the roads should be increased to give all parents the chance to send their children by school bus.\"The auto rickshaws charges anywhere between Rs300 to Rs500, when compared the buses which charge Rs600 to Rs700 per month,\" said Ram, a resident of Ramanathapuram, whose children study in a private school near Puliyakulam. He said that school fees have gone up and increase in transport charges have forced them to take a little risk as they opt for the auto.Meanwhile, the auto unions in the city have demanded that the district administration allow them to further increase the number of school children that they can transport.In their petition to the collector, auto drivers have demanded an increase of up to eight in small autos and up to ten in bigger autos. P K Sugumar, president, Coimbatore Auto rickshaw drivers' union, said that autos are no longer small and they could certainly accommodate more children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15383988", "title": "Police told to obey law during interrogation", "text": "GURGAON: A city court has directed Gurgaon police to ensure that the interrogation of accused in Maruti violence case happens as per the law. The court issued this direction on Monday during the hearing of different petitions filed by labour advisor, advocate Rajendra Pathak and the brother of one of the accused. The Gurgaon police, in turn, assured the court that they are strictly following the law while interrogating the accused and are not abusing or torturing them, as alleged.The arrested Maruti workers and their relatives filed four different petitions in a city court alleging that Gurgaon police arrested the employees indiscriminately, without verifying whether all of them were involved in the violence at the company's Manesar factory on July 18. Last Friday, counsel Rajendra Pathak submitted the allegations of his clients and their relatives which mention that there had been instances of inhuman treatment of the accused by the Gurgaon police.On Monday, during the hearing in the court of judicial magistrate Manvika Baswal, the police explained that they have not flouted the norms and have questioned union leaders and have conducted the medical examination of the union leaders as per rules. However, the explanations provided by the police did not satisfy the labour counsel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381707", "title": "Metro to build nine sub-stations for phase III", "text": "NEW DELHI: DMRC is going to construct nine power sub-stations and strengthen four existing ones for the underconstruction Phase III of the Metro network. The new sub-stations will come up at Yamuna Vihar, Vinod Nagar depot, INA, Dhaula Kuan, Mukundpur depot, Kalkaji, RK Puram, Palam and Faridabad.Phase III, which will cover 103km, will have two new corridors - Mukundpur to Shiv Vihar and Janakpuri (west) to Botanical Garden. The nine new sub-stations, along with the existing four, will also power the Badarpur-YMCA Chowk corridor. Auxiliary power at 33kV and traction power at 25kV will be supplied from the new sub-stations to the Phase III stations.\"The four operational power sub-stations of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will be augmented so that their feeds can be extended to the Phase III corridors as well. These operational sub-stations are Jahangirpuri, Subhash Nagar, Botanical Garden and Kashmere Gate,\" said the spokesperson.Currently, the Metro's power requirements are regulated through 15 sub-stations spread across different parts of the city and the national capital region. For Phase III, under which about 140km of Delhi Metro lines will be built in NCR, the approximate power requirement will be 150MVA by 2016, added Metro officials.The 15 sub-stations are at Kashmere Gate, Rithala, Jahangirpuri, New Delhi, Indraprastha, Dwarka, Subhash Nagar, Mundka, Chhattarpur, Sarita Vihar, Botanical Garden, Sushant Lok, Park Street (two sub-stations) and the airport. The sub-stations receive power of primarily 220kV/66kV grid from BSES Rajdhani, Yamuna, TATA Power Delhi Distribution Limited, New Delhi Municipal Council, Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited and Haryana Vidyut Prasaran Nigam Limited.The Phase III construction has already started with the extension of the Badarpur-Central Secretariat corridor to Kashmere Gate through Janpath, ITO, Jama Masjid and Red Fort. This is in addition to the extension of the same line from Badapur to interiors of Faridabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15382557", "title": "NRI woman creates ruckus in court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An NRI woman had to be escorted out of a courtroom by cops after she created a ruckus in the Gujarat high court. She became enraged after justice R H Shukla dismissed her petition, observing that it was not maintainable.The woman - a British citizen, Tarlochan Jhaveri, formerly married to an Indian, Rajiv Jhaveri - began to protest against the decision.Finally, the court had to call in the police. Expressing dissatisfaction with the proceedings, Tarlochan said that she was waiting for the copy of the order and then would decide whether to approach the apex court.Tarlochan, a Vadodara resident currently, had moved the HC seeking an order for alimony of Rs 25,000 per month. A court in Vadodara had granted Rs 2,000 per month.Tarlochan and Rajiv married in April 2004, but the husband moved court in 2006 demanding the marriage to be declared null and void. Rajiv's lawyer Hitesh Gupta said that Rajiv sought to end the marriage after he found that the woman was already married. However, Tarlochan has been rubbishing the charges saying that her husband has not been able to furnish evidence to substantiate the accusation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15383382", "title": "Siliguri police hub in legal war", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Monday admitted a writ petition challenging the formation of the Siliguri Police Commissionerate, which was inaugurated on Sunday.Admitting the petition filed by Saikat Chatterjee, an advocate of Jalpaiguri Bar Association, Justice Dipankar Datta directed the state to file an affidavit within four weeks and fixed the first hearing six weeks from now.Chatterjee's counsel Arunabho Ghosh sought an order from the court restraining the state from constituting the Siliguri Police Commissionerate, contending that it was an illegal action.Ghosh said the state proposed to form the Commissionerate comprising four police stations of Darjeeling district and the Bhaktinagar PS in Jalpaiguri. This, he argued, cannot be done as the Jalpaiguri court has the jurisdiction to adjudicate cases of Bhaktinagar police station. \"Which court will hear the cases of Bhaktinagar police station? Will the cases be heard by Siliguri court or Jalpaiguri court?\" the counsel asked.It was argued that the decision was taken without settling the issue on which the high court's nod is needed under the law. The counsel said the court's permission is necessary if a commissionerate is established with police stations spread over two districts. Since the police hub will comprise Siliguri, Matigara, Pradhannagar and Bagdogra police stations in Darjeeling and Bhaktinagar from Jalpaiguri, it can't be formed without the high court's nod, he added.Government pleader Ashok Kumar Banerjee opposed the writ petition and argued that it was not compulsory for the state to obtain permission from the court. It was argued that the commissionerate is necessary for the sake of more security in north Bengal.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has inaugurated the commissionerate in Siliguri on Sunday. The name of Siliguri's first police commissioner was also announced. He will be Anand Kumar who was SP, DIB, Darjeeling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381706", "title": "Divorced aunt tries to kidnap nephew, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A middle-aged woman was arrested for allegedly trying to kidnap her brother-in-law's six-year-old son from outside his school.Around 12.30pm on Friday, the boy's mother, who was waiting at the school gate to pick up her son, Krish, saw the accused, Premkala Jain, trying to flee with the kid. She chased the accused and caught hold of her, said police, adding that Premkala had taken away a gold chain that Krish was wearing .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15381956", "title": "Strike hits universities' working", "text": "PATNA: The working of most colleges and universities in Bihar remained completely paralyzed as more than 30,000 non-teaching staff went on a three-day strike on Monday in protest against the non-fulfilment of their long-pending demands. Almost all the campuses wore a deserted look as no employee reported for duty. Magadh University (MU) had already postponed all its examinations scheduled to be held from Monday to Wednesday in view of the employees' strike.More than 500 employees of Magadh and Veer Kuer Singh Universities sat on dharna at R-Block railway crossing here in support of their demands, whereas employees of other universities staged demonstration before their respective university headquarters. In Patna, the employees' dharna was led by Bihar State University and College Employees' Federation leaders Bimal Prasad Singh, Braj Kishore Singh and Rohit Kumar.Earlier too, they had resorted to a four-day strike in July without any tangible result. Federation president Ganga Prasad Jha said that due to anomalies in the Fifth pay revision, most employees were getting half their salaries. Besides, in the Sixth pay revision, they have been denied the benefit of assured career promotion (ACP) scheme. The age of superannuation of non-teaching staff has not been enhanced to 65 years while the teachers have been given this benefit. He further pointed out that despite their repeated requests, the government has prescribed two separate scales for the university and college staff. The government is unnecessarily dragging the poor employees to court for settlement of even their genuine demands, they alleged.He said during the talks held between education minister P K Shahi and the federation leaders on June 12, the minister had assured that a decision on three of their demands - enhancement of retirement age from 62 to 65 years, benefit of ACP and implementation of payscale of Rs 5,500-9,000 for class III staff - would be taken by June 20. But, the file relating to these demands has not moved till date in the secretariat, Jha said.The federation leaders alleged that the state government has failed to implement the agreements arrived at with the employees' representatives on August 24, 2005, July 17, 2007, April 5, 2010 and August 19, 2010. In 2008, the Patna high court had directed the state government to implement its agreement within a month, but instead of honouring its commitment, the government moved the Supreme Court.They urged the chief minister to expedite early settlement of their demands with a view to restoring academic normalcy in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15384555", "title": "City boys shine in football talent hunt", "text": "HYDERABAD: Lionel Messi , Cristiano Ronaldo and Wayne Rooney are household names in India but, unfortunately, the country -- barring a rare Baichung Bhutia - has failed to produce quality footballers, who could etch their names in the annals of the game.Though football is the most watched and played game in the country, it still lags behind cricket. The main reason for this could be official apathy, lack of sponsors, jobs and opportunities to make a viable career out of it.Airtel Rising Stars is an attempt to identify talented youngsters and groom them so that in the years to come, India too will be a force to reckon with on the international scene.Sunday turned out to be a memorable day for four youngsters of the city who will now have a chance to compete with 45 other players from across the country in their bid to win a trip to Manchester United for a week and to train alongside the Manchester United Academy team.Andhra Pradesh Sports School's Maheshwar Reddy and Teja Pawan Kumar along with Nasr School's Aamir Anwar were adjudged as the three 'Airtel Rising Stars' at the Hyderabad talent hunt that concluded at the Gymkhana grounds here. Naveen Kumar also of Andhra Pradesh Sports School was selected for the Goalkeeper's position.The under-16 talent hunt kicked off on August 3 with over 800 youngsters turning up for the selections. Each player got an equal opportunity and time to demonstrate his skills, overseen by officially certified and renowned coaches.After two-days of rigorous scrutiny, 129 players were shortlisted for Final Auditions purely based on their talent and expertise. These included technical and tactical skill, physical and mental strength, social skills, behavior, communication, discipline, enthusiasm and fair play.Maheshwar Reddy, Teja Pawan Kumar and Naveen Kumar made good use of their experience of attending several football camps to make the cut. Aamir Anwar too caught the coaches/judges eye with his skills with the ball. Maheshwar, Teja and Aamir will join players from 16 other centres in the six-day final selection trial which will take place in Bangalore next month.The players who failed to make it to the camp were not sent empty-handed. They will receive Manchester United certificates signed by none other than coach Sir Alex Fergusson. They will also get another opportunity to make their 'Airtel Rising Stars' dreams come true next season.\"The aim of the event is to nurture young talent which will represent India on the world stage. Airtel has been conducting the event in India, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh and the final teams will be trained by the Manchester United Club coaches\" said Sharlin Thayil, CEO of Bharti Airtel , Andhra Pradesh circle. He also encouraged the kids who are not selected and advised them not to get disheartened and continue in the spirit of sport with confidence as the event will come back next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15384013", "title": "Soon, AC lounge for state Roadways\u2019 Volvo service users", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana Roadways will soon create an air-conditioned waiting lounge for its Volvo bus service in Sector 29. With this, the bus service would be shifted from old Gurgaon bus stand .Haryana roadways general manager Yashendra Singh said: \"The project is in planning stage. But soon we will come out with the details.The present location lacks basic facilities for commuters. The waiting lounge will have good seating arrangement with water coolers and LCD TVs.\"Commuters have welcomed the new plan. Rajesh Kumar, a Palam Vihar resident, said: \"One spends a lot of money in availing Volvo bus service. The department should provide facilities accordingly. Sector 29 is a prime location and passengers can reach there easily.\"Singh informed that there are 16 Volvo buses in Gurgaon fleet. The luxury buses are plying to destinations like Chandigarh, Agra and Haridwar at present. While the bus service to Katra was suspended about a fortnight back, the service to Jaipur is yet to take off. The Jaipur Bus Terminal Authority has not yet allotted space for these buses, leading to delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15384940", "title": "3 killed in fresh Assam violence, curfew imposed in Kokrajhar", "text": "GUWAHATI: At least three more persons were killed while two others injured as fresh violence erupted in strife-torn Kokrajhar district, taking the death toll in the to 64.\"The Bodo miscreants indiscriminately fired in Ranibuli village under Kokrajhar police station late on Monday night killing three persons and seriously injuring two others,\" Assam IGP (Law and Order) L R Bishnoi said here.The two injured were rushed to Guwahati Medical College and Hospital. The official death toll in the ongoing clashes, which began last month, is now 64.Bishnoi said that the three killed belong to Lakhiganj of bordering Dhubri district.Following the incident, a curfew has been clamped again in Kokrajhar district while indefinite curfew continues in the neighbouring Chirang district where there are fresh reports of arson.Some houses were burnt down there but the timely action of police prevented any major violence last night, Bishnoi said.One person has been arrested in this connection from Chirang.The army continued their flag march on Tuesday morning in the three districts of Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri, hit by clashes between Bodo tribals and the minority community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15380974", "title": "Bhopal colleges score poor grades in hostel facility", "text": "BHOPAL: Crammed hostel rooms and old and creaky hostel buildings constructed close to half a century ago, now serving as classrooms and colleges in Bhopal , do not exactly convey a good impression about some prestigious educational institutions.But the bitter truth is the fact in a year the state government is observing as 'quality improvement year in higher education'.The situation could be gauged from the fact that two prestigious government-run institutions MVM and Hamidia Arts and Commerce College do not have any hostel facility for the past many years. \"There were hostels in MVM long time ago. Currently, Govt Benazir College and Govt Navin College are being run in buildings that were hostels of MVM. \"Two government colleges are being run from buildings that were once hostels of MVM,\" said MVM principal Dr Abha Gargav.\"I am from Harda. Staying in private hostels costs me more money. The college had hostels in the past. Now, they do not have hostels, said Prathak Sikarwar, a student.Similarly, Govt Hamidia College has no hostel facility. When contacted, principal Dr Sudha Singh admitted there is no hostel facility. \"I do not remember the year when Hamidia college hostels were vacated as it was long time back,\" Dr Singh said. For students of Hamidia college, there was Tilak hostel. This hostel building now serves as the Govt Law College.In colleges having hostel facility, the scene is not encouraging. For, hostel facilities have failed to keep pace with the changing situation-- strength of students is up by many times. So the demand for accommodation has outstripped the availability.For instance, hostel room strength has not been increased in last 13 years. \"We have to say no to students owing lack of space in the hostels. Until last year, we allowed four students in one room. This year, we have decided to accommodate two girls in one room,\" said hostel warden Parvati Chouksey. Gitanjali hostels were constructed in mid and late 90s.The situation is the same in Govt MLB girls which has only one hostel, which can take 65 students. \"We are planning to send a proposal to take funds for construction of at least one hostel having strength of 50 students in the future,\" MLB principal, Manjula Sharma said.Surprisingly, Barkatullah University has hostels constructed 25 years ago when strength of students has increased exponentially Surprisingly, Barkatullah University has also not bothered to increase the strength of its hostels despite demand. The university has five hostels, including two girls' hostel. The boys' hostels are too old that even the chief warden do not remember the year of construction. \"Boys' hostels were constructed long ago. I have to see files to tell you the year of construction,\" chief warden Prof SK Khatik said.Students of BU's engineering college, University of Technology (BU-UIT), also avail the facility from the same hostel constructed for UG and PG students. On the condition of anonymity, a hosteller said: \"There is a need of two new hostels as the available space is not sufficient to accommodate the demand. Currently, even four students are staying in one room,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15383075", "title": "Why probe when autopsy states cause", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Constituting probe committees to look into the cause of death of Anupama Sarkar,15, seems to be an exercise in deception by the PGI, considering the postmortem report mentions gangrene as the cause of death. Also while the probe by an internal committee did not name any doctor, Anupama's father, Amit says that the formation of these panels is a meaningless exercise, as every patient's file has the name of the consultant who attends to the patient, so it is obvious whose responsibility it is.As per the postmortem report a copy of which is in TOI's possession, cardio respiratory arrest caused due to gas gangrene led to Anupama's death.An external committee to probe the cause of her death was formed on August 31 and out of five members, only one faculty is from outside the city. No date has been approved for the panelists to meet. M C Mishra, head of the department of general surgery, AIIMS, who is on the committee said, \"I have been intimated about the probe. But no date for meeting has been fixed yet.\"Anupama, a Class X student, had met with an accident on July 17. Her leg was crushed under a CTU bus and she died on July 24 at the PGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15383210", "title": "Contempt law: Pakistan government takes on supreme court", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Pakistan government has decided to file petitions in the supreme court seeking a review of the annulment of a new law aimed at preventing the premier's disqualification and another order on reopening graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari . Presidential spokesman Farhatullah Babar confirmed that the government will file a petition seeking a review of SC's order that struck down the Contempt of Court Act of 2012.\"We will file a review petition in the court against this decision,\" he said. A decision to file the petition was made after law minister Farooq H Naek and the President discussed options available to the government at a meeting held on Friday, he said.Babar said the government will also challenge the apex court's order of July 12 that asked PM Raja Pervez Ashraf to approach Swiss authorities to revive graft cases against Zardari. The two petitions will be filed \"as soon as possible\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15393998", "title": "Janmashtami: Special trains for Dwarka during the festival", "text": "RAJKOT: In order to ease the rush at Dwarka during Janmashtami, the Western Railway, Rajkot division, will run special trains for three days starting August 8.According to WR officials, the trains will depart from Rajkot on August 8, 9 and 10 at 11.45 pm and reach Okha at 6.30 am the next day. Similarly, the trains will depart from Okha at 4 pm on August 9, 10 and 11 and reach Rajkot at 10.05 pm.The train will have eight general coaches and will halt at Khanderi, Padadhari, Aliabada, Hapa, Jamnagar, Lakha Bawal, Pilpli, Kanalus, Modpur, Sinhan, Khambhalia, Viramdad, Bhopalka, Bhatia, Kuranga, Okha Mandi, Dwarka, Vavania, Bhimarana and Mithapur. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15383837", "title": "Varsity faces financial crunch: Staff call for bundh", "text": "DHARWAD: Even as there is a talk of giving boost to higher education in the country, the 62-year-old Karnatak University in Dharwad is for the first time facing severe financial crunch and the threat of employees who have not received their salaries calling for indefinite 'University Bundh'.The non-teaching employees association and retired employees association have alleged that the University had failed to pay their salaries and arrears in full to the non-teaching staff and contract workers and have called for the University Bundh from Wednesday if the authorities failed to pay their dues by Tuesday.Lack of coordination and between the department of higher education and the university is said to be the cause of funds crunch. President of Karnatak University Retired Employees Association Toteshwar Gudagur alleged that the varsity owes crores of rupees to the employees. The retired employees who used to get their salaries on the last day of every month have not received their salaries for the month of July till date. Similarly except those drawing UGC pay scale, other serving employees have also not been paid their salaries.Gudagur said the University has not paid the salary as per the new pay scales announced by the state government in March this year. Nearly 600 employees working on contract basis and 100 permanent employees are yet to receive the arrears, he said.The charges against the varsity are that the authorities after deducting the LIC premium, cooperative society loans and provident fund from the employees' salary have not made the remittance to the concerned accounts since last several months. Gudagur alleges that the varsity authorities have diverted the funds for other purposes causing shortage of funds for payment of salaries.Karnatak University registrar S B Hinchigeri speaking to The Times of India on Monday admitted that the varsity was facing financial crunch and attributed the problem to non-release of required funds by the state government.The University needs Rs 9.5 crore every month to pay salaries to all the existing employees and retired employees.The state government releases Rs 12 crore for a block period of three months and allows only one-third of it to be drawn every month. The treasury has been instructed not to permit withdrawal of more than 1/3rd of the released amount every month. There is shortage of Rs 72 crore every year, Hinchigeri said.Meanwhile, vice chancellor H B Walikar met chief minister Jagadish Shettar at Hubli on Monday and explained the situation and appealed for release of additional funds. Registrar Hinchigeri has met higher education minister C T Ravi and apprised him of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381363", "title": "Assam tops list of women guzzlers", "text": "NEW DELHI: To associate Uttar Pradesh (UP) with guns and alcohol is commonplace.But in a startling finding, the prevalence of alcohol consumption has been found to be among the lowest in the country's most populous state.India's latest Annual Health Survey (AHS) \u2014 the world's largest demographic exercise with a sample size of 20.1 million people from 4.1 million households, which has for the first time conducted a district-wise \"personal habits\" \u2014 says only 6.8% adults (above 15 years) in UP consume alcohol.In comparison, the prevalence is almost three times in Chhattisgarh (19.7%).UP's consumption is second lowest among the nine states surveyed (Bihar, Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand , Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Rajasthan and Assam), with Rajasthan recording the lowest prevalence at 3.4%.The survey, conducted by the Registrar General of India (RGI) across 284 districts in these states that account for about 48% of the total population, 59% of all births, 70% of all infant deaths, 75% of under five deaths and 62% of maternal deaths in the country, also found that men from Chhattisgarh love their drink, recording the highest percentage prevalence at 31.6%, followed by Jharkhand (24.6%) and Assam (23.8%).When it comes to women, however, no one could beat the Assamese.Around one in 10 adult women in Assam reported drinking alcohol followed by Jharkhand (8.2%), Chhattisgarh (7.4%) and Odisha (4.5%).The prevalence of female drinkers was found to be as low as 0.7% in Uttarkhand, Odisha and Bihar (0.4%) and Madhya Pradesh (1.4%).Interestingly, prevalence of alcohol consumption was almost 12 times more among men in UP than in women.The difference between males and females was stark in Bihar too with 18% adult men drinking compared to 0.7% adult women.In Uttarakhand, the prevalence of alcohol consumption was nearly 20 times more among men than women.When it comes to districts, Paschimi Singbhum in Jharkhand recorded the highest number of adult drinkers (40%), while Karauli in Rajasthan (1.3) had the lowest.The highest number of male drinkers was in Dibrugarh in Assam (48.8%), while Karauli in Rajasthan recorded the lowest number of male drinkers (2.3%).Among women, Paschimi Singhbhum in Jharkhand was way ahead with 33.7% consuming alcohol, while Farrukhabad in UP, Morena in Madhya Pradesh and Barmer in Rajasthan recorded the lowest number of adult female drinkers (0.1%).The prevalence of alcohol consumption was significantly higher among rural areas in all the states surveyed.A RGI official said, \"This is the first time that AHS includes personal habits like drinking alcohol in the district level. It includes those who drink occasionally and those who are usual drinkers (at least once every week). Significant alcohol drinkers are from the four states of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Uttarkhand and Assam.\"He added, \"We also found significant variation of alcohol consumption among districts within states. For example there were 35 times more alcohol consumers in Tinsukhia district as against Hailakandi in Assam.\"Alcohol consumption is connected to more than 60 diseases being a risk factor for oesophageal cancer , liver cancer, and cirrhosis of the liver, homicide, stroke , psychiatric illness and motor vehicle accidents.Around 25% of road accidents in India are alcohol-related and 20% of accident-related head injury victims seen in emergency rooms of hospitals have consumed alcohol prior to the accident. In addition, alcohol-related problems account for 17.6% of the case load of psychiatric emergencies. The government spends nearly $5 billion every year to manage the consequences of alcohol use, which is more than its total excise earning at $4.8 billion.The Union health ministry had earlier said that the average age of alcohol consumption in India has been constantly falling by nearly nine years over the past decade.At present, on an average, Indians take their first sip of alcohol at the age of 19 compared to 28 in the 1990s. Soon, experts say it will reduce to 15 years.Nearly 62.5 million people in India drink alcohol with the per capita consumption being around four litres per adult per year.For every six men, one woman drinks alcohol in India. India has one of the largest alcoholic beverage industries in the world, producing 65% of the alcohol in south-east Asia. It also contributes to about 7% of the total alcohol beverage imports into the region.Five states with highest number of men consuming alcoholChhattisgarh: 31.6%Jharkhand: 24.6%Assam: 23.8%Uttarakhand: 23%Odisha: 21%States with highest number of female consuming alcoholAssam 9.5%Jharkhand 8.2%Chattisgarh 7.4%Orissa 4.5%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15383827", "title": "Battle for KU registrar's post takes a new turn", "text": "DHARWAD: The battle for the hot seat of registrar (evaluation) in Karnatak University, Dharwad, does not seem to end. In a fresh turn of events on Monday, the former registrar (evaluation) J S Bhat armed with a fresh order from the Government of Karnataka appointing him as the registrar (evaluation) for a period of two years went to report for duty only to be denied permission to join.The under secretary to the government of Karnataka , education department (Universities) had sent a notification which said that J S Bhat of the department of Physics had been appointed as the registrar (evaluation) of Karnataka University with immediate effect and till further orders. The notification also said that the government notification no ED106 UKV 2011 dated 30-5-2012 had been cancelled with immediate effect.The notification issued on May 30 had stated that the services of J S Bhat as registrar (evaluation) had been continued till further orders and the high court had termed this particular order as vitiated.Armed with the fresh appointment order J S Bhat on Monday went to the registrar (administration) S B Hinchigeri's office to submit his joining report but was shocked when he received a letter from the registrar (administration) which said: \"As per the direction of the vice chancellor, you (Bhat) are not permitted to report for the post of registrar (evaluation) of this University, (KU/Registrar/DPAR/2012/A2239/6-8-2012)\".The registrar also handed over a written communication(KUCS/Registrar/2012-2013/673/6-8-2012) to him (Hinchigeri) by vice chancellor H B Walikar which said: \"The Registrar is strictly directed to not to permit J S Bhat to join as the registrar(evaluation) post in the University without the permission of the vice chancellor\".The VC, however has not cited the reasons for not allowing Bhat to join for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381390", "title": "Jobless youth ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: A 26-year-old man, upset over not being able to get a job despite receiving call letters, hanged himself to death from the ceiling hook at his residence at Sanmarg Nagar on Sunday evening. Rajesh Wade had completed his training from Industrial Training Institute (ITI), and had also been selected for an overseas job. So, his drastic decision surprised his relatives and friends.Wade's family was preparing to fix his marriage and they were supposed to visit a prospective bride's place on Monday. However, Wade ended his life a day earlier. It is learnt that Wade was employed at a MIDC-based private company where he was faring well, but then he decided to quit the job for better prospects.Wade's father was at work while his mother Renu had gone out when he committed suicide. Renu found the door locked from inside when she returned. Despite repeated knocks, there was no response from inside so she summoned neighbours for help. Wade's hanging body was discovered after his friends broke into the house.Hudkeshwar police staffers reached the place and found a suicide note where Wade mentioned that his inability to join work despite being selected had left him depressed, so he was ending his life. It is not clear why Rajesh was unable to take up the job. A case of accidental death has been registered at Hudkeshwar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15382875", "title": "Withdraw decision on helmets: MLA", "text": "PONDA: Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar has demanded that government decision making it compulsory for pillion riders to wear helmets should be withdrawn immediately.Stating that the decision could affect the motorcycle-taxi business in the state, Mamledar said he would raise the issue in the ongoing assembly session on August 8.\"Goans are very concerned about health issues, and they will not be ready to wear helmets used by an earlier passenger. Moreover, helmets are not disposable and no rider can carry more helmets with him,\" Mamledar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385524", "title": "I cried when Sridevi married Boney: Manish Gandhi", "text": "Theatre and television actor Manish Gandhi is super excited about 'English Vinglish'. No, he isn't starring in the film but he confesses that he has been in love with Sridevi for as long as he can remember.\"When I was younger, my parents asked me, 'What is the one thing you want in life?' 'To share screen space with Sridevi,' was my response. I'm in love with her. She has inspired me in life. I cried when she married Boney Kapoor !\" he says, though now with a laugh!\"Now that English Vinglish will release and she's back to acting, my hopes have been raised! I've seen Mr India, Lamhe some 300 times. Her comic timing, her madness, the way she delivers her dialogues despite not being too fluent with Hindi is just amazing,\" he adds.Has he ever met her? \"I had hoped to last year in Pune when she was shooting for English Vinglish with Adil Hussain, my acting professor at FTII! Unfortunately, I couldn't,\" he says, adding, \"In fact, I'm doubly excited about the film because it stars my favourite actress and favourite teacher.\" Another actress who this young actor loves is Meryl Streep . \"See Iron Lady and then Julie and Julia. I feel so small after watching her performance. She's too versatile,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382391", "title": "Youth held for blackmailing, raping minor", "text": "JAIPUR: Pink City, over the past few months has witnessed an alarming rise in cases where minors and women have been raped after being blackmailed with making their semi-nude MMS public. In the latest case Sanganer police arrested a 22-year-old man on Monday for allegedly raping a 15-year-old girl on the terrace of a cinema hall. She was blackmailed with making her semi-nude MMS public.At least five such cases were registered in various police stations in the city in last four months. These cases were registered at Shastri Nagar, Jhotwara, Bajaj Nagar and Manak Chowk in which the police are yet to make arrests.Talking about Sanganer's rape case, Rajesh Meel, the assistant commissioner of police, Sanganer, said, \"The girl stated in the FIR that the accused, Aziz Ahamed, took the girl for a movie. Post-interval he took her to an isolated corner of the cinema hall's terrace and raped her after blackmailing her to make the semi-nude MMS public.\"Though in this particular case police have arrested the accused, in at least six cases registered at various police stations in and around Jaipur no arrests have been made so far. Almost two months ago a minor girl was raped in Kotputli. The accused was known to her and had blackmailed her.\"The accused's family members were detained but the accused is still at large,\" said a senior police officer in Kotputli.According to police, in majority of these cases the victim's family either withdraws the case or turns hostile in court.\"In a case where a girl was allegedly raped at hostel premises located at Shipra Path in 2011, the girl later turned hostile in the court. Many of our officers had worked to make quick arrests but the victim turned hostile,\" said a senior officer of Jaipur police commissionerate.Police officers said that the girl's consent is involved in most of the cases. However, in some cases as the girls are minors, hence even if their consent is involved the cases are treated as rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15381675", "title": "Corporation\u2019s radio tagging project to cover other departments too", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The service of radio frequency identification system (RFID) of the city corporation, which was originally intended to monitor waste collection in households, may now be used by KSEB, KWA or police department.As per the original project, the cleanwell workers in the city were to be equipped with readers with the help of which the corporation would be able to monitor their attendance at different homes every day. However the project failed to take off once the waste collection came to a halt in the city following the closure of garbage treatment plant at Vilappilsala in December 2011.The corporation has almost completed the installation of RFID tags in about two lakh households in various wards.The Information technology department of the corporation is now preparing a new project which will open up the benefits of RFID tags to other departments. \"We will go ahead with the project even though its main objective has to be revised. KSEB, KWA or police can avail of the benefits of RFID tags now. For instance, the departments can procure their readers at a very cheap rate and monitor their employees when they attend to the grievances of the public,\" said an IT official.Deputy mayor G Happy Kumar said that the project was diverted in such a manner that any department that provides essential services to the city residents could make use of it. \"The corporation plans to tie-up with other departments so that the ambit of the entire project can be widened. Since the entire cost is being met by the corporation the other departments will be free of any kind of financial burden,\" he said.The corporation is also keen on preparing a data base, which could be maintained in such a manner that the police department can have immediate access to the information regarding the details of residents in a particular household within the city limit. \"A central server will soon be installed at the corporation office. We will feed the server with data regarding the essential details of residents in a household. A bylaw will be introduced by means of which those who rent out their houses to tenants will have to furnish the details in the corporation office, every time the owner lends the house to a new occupant,\" the official explained.The Rs 1.25-crore project is expected to play a key role in assisting the police with regard to keeping a tab on criminals who occupy houses in the city. \"Once the system is ready, the city police can have access to the corporation server and they can avail of certain basic information on the occupant of a particular house,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382432", "title": "'No govt sanction needed in Ashok Chavan's case'", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI told the special court on Monday that no government sanction was needed against former chief minister Ashok Chavan for the court to take cognizance of the chargesheet filed in the case. CBI special public prosecutor Ejaz Khan told the court, \"Chavan is only an MLA currently and sanction is not required.\"The court also enquired with the prosecution on the status of the PIL filed in the Adarsh housing society scam. In the PIL, the high court is hearing objections by the state against CBI's jurisdiction to investigate the case. With respect to jurisdiction, Khan told the court that there was no legal impediment and the HC had not stayed proceedings in the special court.Khan stated that sanction to prosecute two serving bureaucrats, finance secretary Pradeep Vyas and former Mumbai civic chief Jairaj Phatak, was awaited and cognizance of the chargesheet with respect to them can be taken later.The court is likely to pass an order on August 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383510", "title": "Court to cops: Report action against MLA", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Monday asked Delhi police what action it has taken against a Congress MLA on a complaint alleging his involvement in various malpractices , including encroachment of government land. Additional chief metropolitan magistrate D K Jangala directed the DCP, crime branch, to file an action taken report by August 24 on a complaint filed by RTI activist Vivek Garg against Kanwar Karan Singh, an MLA from the Model Town constituency.Garg filed a complaint against the MLA alleging Singh has \"encroached massive government land for his petrol pump\" in northwest Delhi.The complainant alleged that the land encroached is being put to \"illegal use as the same falls in green belt area and a petrol pump or a part of it cannot be operated in green belt.\"He alleged RTI replies show that Singh has also not paid licence fee running into lakhs of rupees for his petrol pump.The complainant has sought the court's directions to the police for registration of a case against Singh on the charges of cheating, criminal conspiracy , breach of trust by public servant and various other provisions of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15382854", "title": "Rolling machine crushes teen to death in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: Rabi Ranjan Singh, an 18-year-old resident of Gajanan slum area, was crushed to death while working at a rolling mill in Howrah.A labourer at an aluminum factory, Singh went to work as usual around 10am on Monday. To absorb his sweat, Singh had wrapped a towel around his neck when he was working at the factory. As the machine started rolling, a corner of the towel got tugged inside the machine. It immediately got wrapped around his neck and pulled Singh inside the rolling machine. Despite his screams, the co-workers could not come to his rescue.When the dumbfounded co-workers could finally switch the machine off, Singh's body was crushed beyond recognition. Work at the factory, which is located on Dharmatallah Road, came to a staggering halt immediately after the accident. The victim's body had to be pulled out from the machine by the police.Koushal Singh, father of the victim, lodged a complaint with the Malipanchghara police station on Monday evening claiming his son had died since the factory owners had failed to ensure minimum safety of the labourers. Police registered a murder case and started an investigation. Owner of the factory - Anil Singh - fled from the spot following the accident.Around 40 more labourers work in the factory. All of them left the spot in a hurry. The locals alleged that after the victim was crushed under the massive wheels of the rolling machines, the factory authorities scrapped out the dead body, put it inside a jute bag, sealed it and threw it outside the factory gates fearing police action.However, police had to say they recovered the body from inside the machine. \"We have recovered the body from inside the rolling machines at the factory. However, we are looking into the allegations,\" an investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15384346", "title": "NAPM, PUCL hail decision", "text": "KANPUR: The Uttar Pradesh chapters of the National Alliance of People's Movements (NAPM) and the People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) have welcomed the court's decision.\"We had full confidence in the judician system,\" said Vandana Mishra, secretary PUCL, UP. At the time of arrest, Seema was also state secretary of the PUCL and publishing a magazine, 'Dastak', in which she had written several articles on illegal mining.The couple was also involved in sensitizing people on violation of their rights and raised human rights issues.The Special Task Force (STF) of UP had arrested the couple in February 2010 and had claimed to have recovered Maoist literature and huge amount of cash from their possession. They were charged with having association with a banned organization, the Communist Party of India (Maoist).After arrest, the STF handed them over to the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) of UP making it a case involving 'terrorist activity'. In its chargesheet submitted in the court, the ATS claimed that the couple was involved in inciting people through CD, laptops and books. The court held the couple guilty and awarded them life term.After detaining the couple, the police had then said that the two activists were arrested at Allahabad railway station. However, in the FIR lodged later at the Khuldabad police station, police showed that they were arrested by the STF from Khuldabad in Allahabad.The police had also claimed that it found incriminating material, including a detailed programme of Krantikari Jan Committee, pamphlets carrying message of CPI (Maoist), a pamphlet related to the arrest of Kobad Gandhi, pamphlet on arrest of Naxal and Maoist functionaries and members in Bihar, Jharkhand, Orissa and Chhattisgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15382706", "title": "A slice of history lives on in these alma maters", "text": "Old Vani Vilas Girls High School, opposite Vani Vilas Hospital (144 years)Once you step inside this campus dating back to 1868, you are transported to another era. You leave the noise and pace of the bustling city outside. Inside the Indo-Saracenic buildings, it's only the rustle of wind against the leaves, and of course, the chatter and giggles of the girls.Old Vani Vilas Girls High School, probably the oldest girls' school in the state, was started by the kings of the Mysore dynasty in 1868 to encourage women from conservative families to get educated. The school was upgraded to a high school in 1917 and pre-university college in 1972.School officials tell you the story of MK Gandhi, Annie Besant and Jagadish Chandra Bose visiting the institution. \"The attraction was that the school was located in a prime locality with easy access to public transport. Students from faraway places would come here too. Moreover, English education was a big hit,\" said Almas Parveen, vice-principal.Today, the school and PU college together have a strength of around 900 students. The school is trying to remain contemporary to keep up with competition by private institutes next door. \"We have computer integrated education. Music, dance and tailoring are also part of the curriculum. Moreover, we accept students from Urdu and Kannada medium for high school, where the medium of education is English. That is how we are still getting students,\" Almas added.Government Urdu Higher Primary School, Black Palli, Shivaji Nagar (115 years)The carving on the black plaque reads: St Andrews Free School, January 1897. As you stand before it, you know history has unfolded here.Teachers at the Government Urdu Higher Primary School are unable to tell you when the school changed its name from what the British had named it. But headmistress, Haneefunissa, herself a student of this school 50 years ago, says it was called Latifiya High School when she was studying.\"The building and campus have not changed. As a student, I've come to this headmistress's room where I am sitting now. But when I studied here, there were around 800 students. We were all enthusiastic to come to school and there weren't many schools in the vicinity. Now the number of students is just 60. This despite the children being offered all facilities by the government. Everybody wants to go to private schools. I am forcing parents to send children to school. I've got free bus passes made for them and got slates and pencils,\" said Haneefunissa.\"Students from as far as Hegde Nagar come here. There are only 8-10 local children. To get them to school regularly is the trouble. Sometimes I have to send aayahs 3-4 times to bring them. Once they come here, we can make them study,\" she said.Old Fort School, opposite Bangalore Medical College (107 years)The stairs with wooden railings creak under your feet, evidence that the building is 107 years old, and so are the stairs. Apart from minor renovations done from time to time - the last one around five years ago -- the 100-year-old majestic structure has remained as it was then.Old Fort School was once called the English Vernacular School. In 1908, it became Old Fort High School. Today, the school proudly speaks of its luminous alumni - ranging from Mysore Maharaja Jayachamarajendra Wadiyar to cricketer GR Vishwanath, bureaucrats Narasimha Rao and former chief minister Kengal Hanumanthaiah.To have a big playground apart from a building in the heart of the city is a luxury this school enjoys. \"Situated next to Tipu Sultan's Fort and Palace, we sometimes get foreigners coming in for a peep at the British building and Indian education system,\" said VS Nagaratnamma, headmistress of the primary school. \"This was a school that once had hundreds of students. But the fate of government schools has changed,\" she added.The location has its own side-effects as well. \"It's over 100 years old but its roof has never been renovated. Construction work is limited because of its proximity to Tipu's Fort. It's time the government takes care of this building and considers it a heritage one,\" said GK Srirama, principal of the PU College.\"The classrooms have to be modernized, with facilities that a private institute offers so as to attract students,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15383433", "title": "Motor vehicles department, police to act tough against sun films from today", "text": "KOCHI: If the windows of your vehicle have sun control films, you could, from now on, be charge-sheeted by the motor vehicles department (MVD) for violating the Supreme Court directive.Following a directive from the transport commissioner, Ernakulam regional transport officer T J Thomas has directed joint RTOs in the district to strictly enforce the Supreme Court order on removal of sun control films.Till now, enforcement officials were only slapping a fine of Rs 100 on drivers and directing them to remove the tinted films.\"We have given vehicle owners enough time to remove the film. From Tuesday, we will file charge-sheet against drivers for violating the apex court order,\" Thomas said. They will then be left with no option but to face legal procedures, he said.The city traffic police will also intensify action against erring drivers. In the last couple of days, traffic officials have taken action against 150-odd drivers.It is learnt that the transport commissioner issued strict orders after the Supreme Court warned police chiefs in all states and union territories of contempt of court proceedings if they failed to implement the order. The apex court gave the warning while dismissing a bunch of applications by various dealers and distributors seeking relaxation of the ban imposed on April 27 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15382849", "title": "Tuem local opposes amalgamation of schools", "text": "MAPUSA: Panch member Uday Mandrekar from Tuem village panchayat in Pernem has approached the high court opposing the amalgamation of low enrollment government primary schools with other schools in the vicinity.Sources said that in Pernem six government primary schools in Bhironda-Pernem, Kondulwada-Naibag, Malpem-Pernem, Chandel, Caturlim-Tuem and Corgao are facing low enrollment. Opposition has been growing from parents from almost all these villages. A minimum of 20 students are required to run the school.Mandrekar said that the government has not taken into confidence local bodies such as panchayats and parent teacher association (PTA). Villages in Pernem are also opposing the move by the government to close government primary schools in the taluka.The issue has been discussed at PTA and panchayats meetings where resolutions have been passed opposing the closure of schools and their amalgamation with neighbouring schools.Locals said that an amalgamation of schools will not be feasible as it would be difficult for students to travel. Parents have urged the government to drop their proposed plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385698", "title": "Laughter riot, uncensored", "text": "Three stand-up comedians \u2014 Tanmay Bhat, G Khamba and Rohan Joshi \u2014 from different parts of India came together on a Kolkata stage and ripped the city apart, mocking its idiosyncrasies, making fun of icons, trashing the communities and panning everything they believe in, including Durga Puja. Yet, everyone grinned, guffawed, squealed, howled and clapped in glee on Sunday.The front row came directly in the firing line of Tanmay and Rohan's wit, with everything from their clothes to their profession coming under the glare. None was spared, including a guy who came in shorts with his cousin, to a just-married couple. And we must applaud the audience for taking it in the right spirit. Khamba (as he is popularly known) was worrying about getting out alive from the city after he made people roll on the floor by targeting the state's political dispensation. The audience left with aching jaws as they got more than just their fill of laughter. \"This is the next generation of entertainment. We hope to bring a series of such evenings to the city,\" said founder of Grin and Guffaw Evenings, Pratyush Sureka.Tanmay Bhat Actually Kolkata is a scary place for cartoonists, painters and us comedians. As for me, I get to say what I want. And as you know, this is a rare quality in Kolkata, to speak what you believe in. Khamba, Rohan and I have been flooded with messages ever since we agreed to the show, with people warning us that we wouldn't get out alive. So I was a little scared. But it was a Sunday and many people came for our show. But how does that matter? It's Sunday every day for the people of Kolkata. Being politically incorrect during a show is not very important, but depends on your joke. It is important to speak the truth and have fun. If you are having fun, the audience reacts to it. A dead audience makes you feel dead and vice versa. I once performed in front of a 500-member strong audience consisting of all oldies. No one even twitched their lips! Imagine! I guess they all had asthma and they were worried they would choke if they laughed.Rohan Joshi It's been a great journey , from open mic sessions to bigger, better offers. Yes , Indians can laugh at themselves, but only in batches of like-minded people. Too many people are sensitive about culture and religion here. For example, not many would have taken it in good spirit had the organizers of the Commonwealth Games made a Durga Maa come down on a parachute. No comedian would want to censor his work. You just have to be honest in your opinion. People come and watch stand-up comedy because they expect some kind of honesty which is not possible in any other medium. As for the ingredients, apart from humour, you need honesty, valid opinion and truthful observation. What do I do if I don't feel funny? I drink loads of Red Bull , get nervous and work off all that nervous energy on stage. As for preparation, I sweat a lot, cry a lot, go to the loo a lot and panic a lot. Also, a steady diet of alcohol and indiscipline keeps me going.G Khamba It was actually my blog that made me popular. I'd written a stinker after Sania Mirza got married to Shoaib Malik \u2014 and it almost lead to an Indo-Pak fight! From there, I tried my hand at open mic and started getting offers for stand-up comedy.Can Indians laugh at themselves? I think we're still very touchy. We can laugh as long as the joke is on other people. We still don't laugh at religion or politics. They're still taboo. It is not important to be politically incorrect, but it is important to be funny and know the point you are making. You need to balance between being funny and making the audience think. People come to listen to you because you can talk about those things they can't. I've had my fair share of trouble, with people getting angry and trying to beat me up. But people appreciate it if they can take back something from the show. No, I don't have a best Bong joke. Actually, Bengal's a joke on the political scene now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15381463", "title": "Standing crops in Akola face pest problem", "text": "AKOLA: The district's drinking water problem has been solved for now due to the heavy rains that it has been receiving since past eight days. The Katepurna dam, the main drinking water source of the city, is full. Authorities have opened the gates of Purna dam after water went above the danger mark. Villagers living along the bank of the river have been advised to move to safer places.Heavy rains have brought some worries for the farmers too. Earlier, they had to bear the brunt of losing their moong crop due to less rains but now the excess rainfall is threatening to destroy their standing crop due to infestation of pests like Unt Ali and Lashkar Ali. The pests have also severely damaged crops like soyabean, cotton etc. The farmers are demanding compensation from the state government to tide over their loss. But the government has not announced any relief package as yet.Revenue official have begun the task to assess the extent of damage caused by heavy rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381521", "title": "Don't declare vehicles fit in 10 mins: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: No fitness certificate will be issued to any vehicle in Maharashtra without tests as per norms, the Bombay high court ordered on Monday.Warning of strict action if the order is flouted, a division bench of Justice D D Sinha and Justice Vijaya Kapse-Tahilramani referred to the state's high rate of road fatalities and said it was necessary to ensure safety of people.\"The process of issuing fitness certificates in a routine manner has to stop,\" said the judges, referring to an affidavit filed by state transport commissioner V N More that it doesn't take an inspector more than 10 minutes to check the fitness of a vehicle.\"We do not want wrong certificates to be issued to vehicles,\" observed Justice Sinha. \"Accidents on the road are going up and many of the problems are related to the fitness of a vehicle. This concerns the safety of people at large and we want to reiterate that public safety depends on a vehicle's fitness.\"The court said that only when an inspector is satisfied that a vehicle complies with all norms should a certificate be issued. \"Otherwise, we will take strong action against whoever is responsible,\" said the judges.With over 1.30 lakh deaths annually, India tops the world's road accident statistics. The state has one of the worst accident figures: around 77,000 road accidents annually and 13,000 fatalities.The court was hearing a petition filed by Pune resident Shrikant Karve, who alleged that regional transport officers were ignoring procedure while issuing fitness certificates. He also referred to vacancies that additionally burden existing staff (of 788 posts of inspectors and assistant inspectors, who are supposed to carry out the tests, 166 are vacant).All public utility and transport vehicles, including taxis, auto rickshaws, school buses, trucks and tankers, have to renew their fitness certificates once every two years. The transport commissioner told the court that Maharashtra has over 16 lakh vehicles requiring fitness certificates; 2,798 vehicles visit RTOs across the state every day for these. More said in his affidavit that in Pune, 27 inspectors carry out fitness tests for 240 vehicles every day and on an average, it takes just five to 10 minutes to conduct each test.The court expressed disbelief at this statement, especially after amicus curiae (friend of the court) advocate Uday Warunjikar pointed to a letter from the Pune-based Automotive Research Association of India, which said that on average the mandatory fitness test could take between 30-45 minutes. It is virtually impossible to carry out such tests effectively and as per norms (in the time mentioned by More,'' said the court, saying that More had failed to throw light on the issue. The court has asked the officer to file an affidavit in four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15382862", "title": "Two Candolim locals held for theft", "text": "CALANGUTE: Aman Candolkar, 20, and Narayan Gawas, 18, both residents of Candolim, were arrested for robbing a cellphone belonging to a native of Kolkata, West Bengal , on Sunday night.Police said that Bikash Chakraborty was walking on the road near a starred resort in Sinquerim around 10.30pm, when two persons riding a motorcycle, snatched his phone. He noted the number plate of the vehicle and lodged a police complaint. On checking the registration details, police discovered that the accused persons were residing behind the Candolim primary health centre, from where they were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15383050", "title": "PEC Old Students Association abandons website following dispute", "text": "CHANDIGARH: One of the oldest and also popular alumni bodies of students in the city, the PEC Old Students Association (Pecosa) has officially abandoned its old website following a dispute with a former alumnus.Implementing a decision taken at its executive body, this old students association has come up with a new portal, www.pecosa.in, and the incumbent president has formally announced it on pecosa's official page on a popular social networking site.In the wake of this development, the dean alumni office at PEC University of Technology is also compiling a database of different associations of PEC's old students.One such body, PEC old boys' association ( Pecoba) is active in Delhi, while several other bodies, all comprising old PEC students are active in the United States, Canada, Singapore and other countries.\"We didn't want internal differences leading to an unpleasant turn and so created a new website. It was decided by the Pecosa executive body to abandon the old site,\" says Malvinder Singh, president, Pecosa.Other PEC alumni reveal that the situation took a rather sour turn in the last presidential polls of Pecosa three months ago, where one alumnus of 1987 batch raised objection on the conduct of polls and refused to divulge the domain details.\"We are in the process of compiling all data related to alumni bodies of PEC in India and overseas. There is not one but several such bodies. They are also making positive contributions for PEC students,\" says K K Garg, dean, alumni relations, PEC University of Technology. He added since 2007, Pecosa has been helping out in organizing the annual reunion event in December each year. In the last one year, there have been four to five events related to alumni on the campus, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383038", "title": "NGO seeks action against officials", "text": "PUNE: The Sajag Nagrik Manch on Monday demanded strict action against civic officials who fail to resolve people's issues during Lokshahi Din programmes.The NGO also asked municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak to remain present at Lokshahi Din programmes, an event held on the first Monday of every month during which civic officers are supposed to give a hearing to the common man and resolve his problems.The Lokshahi Din programme held at Mantralaya (state secretariat) in Mumbai is attended by the chief minister while the ones held at the district and municipal corporations are attended by district collectors and municipal commissioners or their deputy officers respectively.\"The PMC has made a mockery of the event as civic officials are not at all serious about resolving people's problems. People come with the same complain every month and officials give then the same reply sans any action. If this trend continues, people will lose their faith in the system. The civic chief should take stringent action against officers who have failed to act on citizens' complaints. The commissioner should himself be present for the hearing,\" said Vivek Velankar of the Manch on Monday.\"I have been visiting the Lokshahi Din for nearly four years now, but no result is in sight. My complaint is about an encroachment on my plot. Despite repetitive orders the officials have not taken action on my complaint,\" said elderly citizen Sumitra Date.Date, a resident of Mumbai, said she has attended Lokshahi Din in Pune at least 20 times, but got nothing but hollow assurances.Another citizen, Somnath Dagade said, \"PMC officials have not resolved my complaint. I have visited the Lokshadhi Din many times, but the officials don't even give me a patient hearing. The good initiative is not proving fruitful because of the apathy of officers.\"Additional PMC commissioner Naresh Zurumure said, \"We need to look into the merits of the complaint and then take the action. Action has been taken, but some cases are in the court so the PMC has a limited role to play.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15383456", "title": "Jaipur robbery gang kingpin held in state", "text": "JAIPUR: Four persons were arrested for allegedly for a robbery at a jewellery store here. The gang leader identified as Rahul Pandey (30) was arrested from Jharkhand whereas his wife Mamta, brother Rajesh and another accomplice Arif Hussain were held here, Jaipur police commissioner B L Soni told reporters on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15381634", "title": "Engineering faults causing traffic jams", "text": "NOIDA: Even though there are six main entries connecting Delhi, Ghaziabad and Faridabad with Noida, commuters witness never-ending traffic jams during rush hours stretching to over 2kms. According to the Noida traffic police, over 4 lakh vehicles commute regularly between Noida and Delhi alone. Cops say the primary reason for this regular traffic disaster is the increasing vehicular pressure between Noida and other parts of Delhi NCR.The NH24, which connects Model Town and Indirapuram in Ghaziabad with Noida, also has a similar tale to tell. Traffic cops say that work on this route has suffered due to lack of coordination between the three civic bodies involved: Noida and Greater Noida authorities and Ghaziabad Development Authority.The NIB Chowk on the NH24 bypass, where a major accident recently resulted in the death of an eight-month pregnant woman, is another point which sees daily traffic snarls due to major engineering faults. \"A series of cuts and T-points clustered close to each other result in traffic pouring on to the road from all directions and hinder traffic movement,\" said an official.The increasing number of vehicles has resulted in a series of bottlenecks due to lack of required upgrading of roads. For instance, the Okhla Barrage that connects Kalindi Kunj in Delhi with Noida and Greater Noida was constructed 25 years ago and is in much need of repair.Out of the 4 lakh vehicles that enter Noida, the DND flyway alone sees over 1 lakh cars every day. The reason for this increased pressure on DND is due to other links between Noida and Delhi not being well maintained. The traffic coming from DND has a ripple effect on vehicles at the entry to Noida at Sector 14A, since it spills out and congests that route too.\"The DND is much better maintained than the other routes. The road has 8 lanes and doesn't have any pedestrians allowing smooth flow of traffic,\" said a traffic police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15383168", "title": "Panjab University senate polls: Contestants file papers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a host of strong contenders filing their nominations on Monday, the battle of the ballot for Panjab University senate has intensified. PU's administrative block saw many contestants and incumbent senators filing their nominations.The incumbent senators who have filed their papers include Prabhjit Singh from the graduate constituency along with S S Randhawa from the same constituency, Gurdeep Sharma from the principals' constituency and Janmeet Singh from the language faculty.From the readers' constituency, M C Sidhu and Kamaljeet have filed nominations from the sciences stream, while in the arts stream, Karamjeet Singh and Akshaya Kumar have filed from the professors' constituency.In the professors' category in sciences, Naval Kishore, who is also the dean, college development council, and D V Rishi have filed nominations.From the medical stream, Dr Krishan Gauba and A S Ahluwalia have filed their nominations.For the seat for principal of a technical college, K K Dhiman, principal, homoeopathic college has been selected unopposed. In the laws faculty, G K Chathrath is likely to grab the seat in this quota.Among those contesting in the college faculty category, Mukesh Arora, Harpreet Singh , Dinesh Talwar, Dilip Kumar , Iqbal Sandhu, Kuldeep Singh, R P S Josh, P S Gill, Jagwant Singh and Rakesh Mehta have filed nominations.In the lecturers' constituency from colleges, 23 nominations have been filed for eight seats. In the principals' category, 11 candidates have filed their papers for eight seats, while in the graduates' constituency 50 to 55 nominations have been filed so far for 15 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381136", "title": "Fair inquiry sought in shootout case", "text": "INDORE: Over 500 people from Balai society met inspector general of police (IGP) Anuradha Shankar and requested a fair inquiry into the shootout in which Manoj Parmar had sustained injuries. MLA Sudarshan Gupta has been named one of accused in the case.\"I have assured them that police will give their best and will be completely fair during the inquiry,\" Shankar added.A few unidentified persons had shot at Manoj Parmar during Kawad yatra on July 30. The incident took place at around 7.30 pm when the yatra began from Bhuteshwar temple.MLA Sudarshan Gupta and his supporters also met IGP Anuradha Shankar on Tuesday and handed over a memorandum in which they protested the FIR in which the name of MLA was included. They also demanded a proper inquiry into the case.The IGP has directed officials to investigate the case before taking any action against the people named in the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15383926", "title": "Psychiatric sessions lend healing touch to stressed Maruti staff", "text": "GURGAON: Over 100 Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) employees - who were injured in last month's violence at the auto-maker's Manesar plant - are undergoing psychiatric counseling sessions in Gurgaon, the first phase of which started on Monday.The sessions, organized by the company, are being held in Artemis and Fortis hospitals, and are expected to continue for the coming week.\"We had the first batch of 24 employees attending the counseling session today. And the next batch, again of 24 employees, will be up tomorrow,\" said an MSIL representative. All of the injured are being covered under this initiative, plus many of those who were spared the violence but were nevertheless witnesses to the mob fury.\"Doctors say many of the injured are suffering from post-traumatic stress syndrome. It is an anxiety disorder that people develop after experiencing or witnessing a life-threatening situation,\" the represenative added.MSIL officials say that many of the survivors of the July 18 episode - that also led to the death of the senior MSIL executive, Awanish Kumar Dev - are showing common symptoms suffered by trauma patients. \"They are still in shock, and are struggling to get over what they encountered. Other symptoms are flashbacks and depression,\" said an official.Medical experts say that treatment for post-traumatic stress is by no means short-termed, depending patient-to-patient and on their subjective needs. \"We will be having one-to-one sessions with patients, and then depending on those, will decide on our further course of action,\" said Dr Rachna Singh, who will be heading the psychiatric counseling team at Artemis hospital.The therapy sessions will be conducted phase-wise, and some of these will allow the participation of the patients' families, too. \"After the counseling sessions, we will encourage the patients to visit us anytime they feel the need. Telephonic counseling will also be an option,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15382081", "title": "Nine BJP-supported candidates declared senators uncontested", "text": "SURAT: Nine candidates supported by the BJP were declared senators uncontested in Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) on Monday after their opponents opted out of the race.Candidates, who were declared winner uncontested, include Sanjay Desai from engineering registered graduate constituency, Ghanshyam Raval from homeopathy teacher category, Bharat Sheth in architecture registered graduate category, Kamlesh Patel in law teacher category, Mahesh Nagecha from registered graduate in interior designing category, Vinod Patel from management category, Sandip Patel from municipality president constituency and Snehal Joshi from teacher computer faculty.\"Out of 33 BJP-supported candidates, 9 won uncontested in VNSGU senate. We are sure to win majority on seats in the elections on August 12,\" said Dinesh Dasa, former senior syndicate member at VNSGU.Meanwhile, in a controversial issue, VNSGU vice-chancellor Dakshesh Thakar has endorsed the scrutiny committee decision to declare Mahendra Chauhan's form invalid.Due to Chauhan's elimination from the contest for donor constituency, Naishadh Desai and Dinkar Naik were declared uncontested winners on two seats in VNSGU senate. Desai is a senior Congress leader while Naik holds important positions in various educational and sports trust in the city.Chauhan's candidature was declared invalid after Anuj Shah, another donor seat candidate, objected to his name in two voter lists, medical teacher and donor. On receiving the application, the scrutiny committee of Dipak Afrikawala, Gaurang Vaidya and K C Desai, declared the form invalid on Saturday.Objecting the rejection, Chauhan filed an appeal with VNSGU VC demanding immediate decision.\"It is a conspiracy against me and I will challenge it legally. Currently, I am exploring various legal options,\" said Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15383992", "title": "Now, discover stories behind the masks", "text": "MYSORE: Think 'mask', and one immediately thinks of the face behind the mask, the identity concealed. But masks are not solely meant for concealing identities. In the ancient societies, a mask had several religious, ceremonial and super natural connotations.Mysoreans can now get a peek into this fascinating world of ritualistic masks used throughout the country at 'Mukhavada'- an exhibition on masks.The masks collected for documentation by the Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manava Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) will be on exhibition at Wellington House on Irwin Road on August 9 to mark the World's Indigenous People Day.IGRMS officer in-charge J Vijay Mohan says: \"People believed in the existence of a supernatural world and this was deeply associated with the religious and ritualistic cult of the people. Though it is not known when the tradition began, archaeological references from the prehistoric cave art suggest some masking traditions indicating existence of ritual or shamanistic rites intended to ensure continued availability of game for the prehistoric people.\"He points that more conclusive evidence of masking tradition is found at a site in the Sahara desert dating back to about 10,000 years BC. The mask portrayed there bears a strong resemblance to masks used in West Africa in recent times. A masking tradition also existed in prehistoric Europe between 7,000 and 8,000 years ago from now.To communicate religious and folk stories, there are several plays, dances and performances exhibiting the use of beautiful masks to portray characters.Mask dances are intended to ensure community welfare and prosperity.Among the tribal societies, masks are agents of healing, performing and defending witchcraft and sorcery, and for correcting the causes of affliction in general, he explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15382898", "title": "NDA to decide 2014 PM candidate, says Nitin Gadkari", "text": "LUCKNOW: Refusing to comment on party patriarch LK Advani's latest blog, BJP chief Nitin Gadkari made it clear that the name of the prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha election would be decided in a meeting of National Democratic Alliance and not by the party alone.Talking to mediapersons after the closing session of BJP's two-day Chintan Baithak in Agra, Gadkari said that he had a discussion with Nitish Kumar. \"We are clear that the leadership issue regarding prime ministerial candidate would be resolved within coalition partners of NDA. No name has been sorted out as of now.\" However, he hastened to add that discussion would continue as BJP has several leaders capable of becoming PM including Narendra Modi, Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitley, Dr Murli Manohar Joshi, and Rajnath Singh to name a few of them.He also said that Nitish has categorically told him that he(Nitish) is not a prime ministerial candidate in 2014 Lok Sabha election. The two-day meet having six sessions ended on Monday afternoon and in early part of day, it was senior leader Uma Bharti who addressed the meet and talked about 'Aviral Ganga' project.On Advani's blog, Gadkari said that Advani is topmost leader of the BJP providing guidance to the party and he would not comment on his blog.BJP national vice president Kalraj Mishra, however, blamed the Bihar chief minister for unnecessarily dragging Narendra Modi into PM candidate controversy. \"Nitish Kumar is a good man, but the way he has been dragging Modi into controversies, it appears as if he himself has decided Modi as the PM candidate. This attitude is not befitting to his status,\" said Mishra. \"Is Nitish Kumar afraid of Modi?\" he questioned.The national vice-president, however, appreciated the stand taken by Janata Dal (United) leader Sharad Yadav as \"mature\". Mishra, however, termed the statements of Nitish Kumar as \"encroachment in the organisational matters of the BJP.\"Earlier, the national BJP president also took a dig at Team Anna's announcement to launch a political party.Without making direct reference to the proposed new party of Anna Hazare, Gadkari said this reminds of movement undertaken by Sharad Joshi in Maharashtra, as he was revered as a saint during the movement, but faded after forming political party.He attacked the practice of political inheritance in other parties and said that it is only BJP and communist parties which are still untouched with 'parivarvaad'. Taking a dig at Samajwadi Party and Congress, Gadkari said, \"BJP is a party of collective thinking and son of leader is promoted only if he is deserving,\" referring indirectly to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and talks of Rahul Gandhi being given more responsibility.Earlier, Gadkari attempted to boost the morale of the partymen. \"Situation are like that of 1977 and masses are fed up with Congress and all the party leaders need is to go to grass root level to ensure victory of the party,\" said Gadkari. He asked party leaders not to be worried with adverse results in state assembly election instead have positive approach after local body results.Senior BJP leader Uma Bharti, talking to newsmen condemned the attack on Sikhs in an US Gurudwara. She refused to comment on issues raised in Advani's blog, except saying that whatever he had written was \"correct\".Later talking to TOI, state BJP president Laxmikant Bajpayi said that the best part of the two-day meet was that workers have expressed their feelings and national leaders got to know as to what the workers actually want from the leadership.He said that now, the BJP will hit to road to protest against the policies of the UPA-II and Akhilesh Yadav government in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383081", "title": "Schools celebrate Rakshabandhan in innovative ways", "text": "PUNE: Students of the SNBP International School, Morwadi-Pimpri, celebrated Rakshabandhan by tying rakhis to the drivers of the school buses, conveying their gratitude for taking care of the students. The students had also made the rakhis. D K Bhosale, secretary, S E Society, and Neena Bhalla, principal, were present. The students also paid tribute to Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak on his 92nd death anniversary. The teachers gave information to the students about his life and work.Rakshabandhan was also celebrated in Silver Crest School in the presence of principal Rachana Tawre. The students tied rakhis to the 'Kakas' in the school to strengthen the bond and express gratitude for their care.The Eco Club of A W Sindhu Vidya Bhavan School celebrated Rakshabandhan in a unique way by tying rakhis to trees and re-affirming their resolution to protect and conserve the environment. The Eco Club undertakes several activities for environment conservation.Students of std VII and VIII, called green soldiers, participated in the programme. Principal Jyotsna Garge and green activist Retd Air commodore N Bhagavanani were present.Bishop's, Camp, wins debate contestThe Bishop's School, Camp, recently won the inter-school debate competition held at the Sardar Dastur School. The topic of the debate was 'Modern age comforts create restless youth'. The team from Sardar Dastur Girls' High School was the runner up.Spillman visits Sanskriti schoolAustralian author Ken Spillman, who has written more than thirty books, visited Sanskriti School recently to interact with the students of std III to V. The visit was arranged by Scholastic India to promote Spillman's books from his 'Jake series'. He was given a traditional welcome and presented with a 'Puneri pagdi'. Spillman mimicked the characters in his stories and kept the children spellbound. He asked the children to further explore 'the magic of books and imagination'.Orchid School receives world education awardThe Orchid School's project \"Sweden-India exchange programme\" was declared the winner in the World Education Summit, 2012, under the category of \"best innovation in global collaborative learning\". The school received the award at a ceremony held in Delhi in the presence of Subodh Kant Sahay , Union minister for tourism. The World Education Summit is an annual event providing a platform for pioneering practices and people in the field of education to get together and share best practices and innovations. The award is related to the annual student-teacher exchange between the Orchid School, Pune, and Donner Gymnasiet, Sweden . Since April 2008, there has been an annual exchange of four faculty members from either side. This April, a group of std X students participated in this exchange along with the teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383432", "title": "Think before you ink, tattoos hard to erase", "text": "NEW DELHI: A new breed of patients - estranged lovers, college-goers and job aspirants - are thronging the Lok Nayak Hospital these days. Their common need is to get the tattoos they once got as marks of love, eye-catching designs or meaningful artistic expressions, removed.Doctors say that while getting a tattoo done is easy, the removal takes anywhere between eight and nine sittings of laser treatment over a period of six months or more. But anyone whose need is urgent-\u2014somebody who is getting married and doesn't want to carry any visible memory of his/her past relationship, or someone applying for a job in the army\u2014 the doctors remove a layer of skin before laser treatment for effective removal of the tattoo.Laser therapy\u2014the most common method for tattoo removal\u2014works by splitting the ink into smaller fragments, allowing them to be broken down by the body's immune system and naturally excreted .\"Permanent tattoos, particularly the multi-coloured ones, are difficult to remove even with lasers. It requires treatment for up to six months; and in some cases, the tattoo marks still remain,\" said Dr V K Garg, head of the dermatology department at Lok Nayak Hospital.In private clinics, tattoo removal costs anywhere between Rs 5,000 and Rs 15,000 per sitting depending on the size and colours used; but in government hospitals, the treatment is free of cost, which explains the reason behind the rush there.According to Dr Kabir Sardana , a skin specialist at the Lok Nayak Hospital, they handle four to five such cases every day. \"Indians have dark skin which absorbs a lot of energy . We are working on a new technique for tattoo removal wherein about 0.2 cm of the layer of the skin in target area is peeled off before laser application . It can reduce the number of sittings,\" said Sardana.As a 21- year- old, Aditi Ghosh (name changed) thought there was nothing more desirable than a series of increasingly dramatic tattoos . \"I liked people commenting on them. The process was almost addictive; I even liked the pain,\" she said. Now, as a 28-year-old housewife, she is at pains to get them removed. She spent around Rs 2,000 having them put on, but more than Rs 50,000 so far on trying to get them removed. \"I had no idea it was going to be so difficult , painful and expensive,\" she said.She is not alone. Every year, thousands of people, many of them teenagers, have their bodies permanently tattooed . Despite the fact that at least half of them later regret it\u2014some almost immediately\u2014the numbers queuing up for body art are growing rapidly . The use of infected needles for tattooing is a major cause for hepatitis and other blood-borne infections also.\"In my view, one should avoid tattoos or consider the pros and cons seriously before going for it. Also, multi-coloured and big tattoos are difficult to go and they should better be avoided,\" said Dr S C Bharija, the head of the dermatology department at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382365", "title": "PM condemns 'senseless' gurdwara killings in US", "text": "NEW DELHI: Describing the shooting at a Wisconsin gurdwara as a \"senseless act of violence\", Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday said, \"We hope that the authorities will reach out to the grieving families and ensure conditions that such violent acts are not repeated in the future.\"Reacting to the violence on Sunday which saw six people dead, Singh said it was painful the act had happened in a religious place.US ambassador to India Nancy Powell visited the Bangla Sahib gurdwara in Delhi to offer prayers and promised an investigation. In a statement, the US embassy said, \"We are deeply saddened by the senseless loss of lives and injuries caused by the August 5 shooting at a Sikh gurdwara in Oak Creek, Wisconsin. Our hearts, thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families. An investigation into the incident has begun. Any incident like this one is tragic, especially when it happens in a place of worship.\"Powell also spoke to Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal.Badal, in a missive to the PM, asked him to take up the issue with the US government . \"There is a growing feeling in the minds of Punjabis in general and Sikhs in particular that the Union government must get more actively and vigorously involved in getting the US administration address the issue of safety in right earnest.\"Condemning the attack, external affairs minister S M Krishna said he was trying to speak to his counterpart Hillary Clinton , who is currently touring Africa . \"I condemn this incident and every right thinking person has to condemn this. This is an attitude which does not fit into the proclaimed policies of the US,\" Krishna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383521", "title": "Man misbehaves on Rajdhani, held", "text": "NEW DELHI:A man travelling on the Delhi-bound Patna Rajdhani was arrested from Mughalsarai for misbehaving with two sisters who were travelling in the same coach. The Railway Protection Force, which carried out the arrest before handing him over to the Uttar Pradesh GRP said the accused was in an inebriated condition.An air gun has also been confiscated from the accused identified as Suraj Kumar, a resident of Delhi.Sources said they are checking whether the accused had declared to railway cops in Patna that he was carrying a gun with him.The arrest has raised questions about the security inside India's premiere trains at a time when security has been stepped up ahead of Independence Day.According to East Central and Northern Railway sources, the two victims were travelling in the third AC B-2 compartment. \"The accused sat next to one of the girls and started touching her inappropriately . When they protested , he threatened both sisters . When the train arrived in Mughalsarai, passengers complained against him. When we questioned him, he claimed he knows influential politicians in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15382878", "title": "Protecting Rohtang tunnel approach road a challenge for BRO", "text": "MANALI: The 8.8km-long Rohtang tunnel is being constructed with a motive to provide all-weather connectivity of Manali with Ladakh and Lahaul valley but cloudbursts and flashfloods that damage the approach road to the tunnel every year seems to be posing challenges to the Border Roads Organization (BRO) in keeping the highway operational throughout the year.Besides 46 avalanche sites, the 30km highway between Manali and south portal of Rohtang tunnel crosses the Kangni, Seri, Beas and many other streams which experience many flashfloods and cloudbursts every year.Floods damage the highway at many places and block it for days. Snow galleries (avalanche control structures) are being built to prevent avalanches from damaging the highway but there is no way to stop the floods.The flashflood on Friday night damaged a bridge near Dhundi and washed away the highway at three places. BRO is facing problems in providing raw materials at the tunnel site, which has slowed down the digging work.\"Labourers have access to the tunnel but there is no way to provide material on site,\" Rohtang tunnel chief engineer S P Sharma said. He said that a major portion of highway has been repaired while Manali would be connected with the tunnel in three days.Till the highway is able to withstand avalanches and floods, spending crores on construction of the Rohtang tunnel would be useless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15384260", "title": "Former Sena corporator leaps to death", "text": "MUMBAI: An ex-Shiv Sena corporator on Sunday leaped to his death from the 15th floor balcony of his flat at Flora Building in City of Joy complex in Mulund (W). Investigators came to know that the deceased, Ramesh Labde (72), was a diabetic and had tried to kill himself twice before, his family members told police.The police said that the incident occurred around 6.15am when the deceased's wife, son and daughter-in-law were present in other rooms in the flat. Labde's family members learnt about the incident when the building watchman called them and told them about the fall.Labde was a corporator from Andheri.He stayed with his family in Mulund after retirement. Labde's family members, said, \"We had kept a watch on him for the last few months as he used to say he was fed up with his life and wanted to end his life and not become a headache for others in the family.\"ACP (Mulund ) Mahadev Gundewadi said when the watchman alerted Labde's family about the incident, they rushed to the balcony and found Labde's lying in blood. Mulund police assistant inspector BB Chavare said that Labde did not leave suicide note behind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381693", "title": "Two who tried to snatch cop wife's chain held", "text": "MUMBAI: Two bike-borne chain snatchers were chased and intercepted by two swift police constables on Sunday night while patrolling near Worli.A message was beeped on the wireless phone of the constables, informing them of the motorcycle-borne miscreants, who were heading towards Worli after snatching a police constable's wife's gold mangalsutra outside Maratha Natya Mandir in Dadar (W).Fifteen 15 minutes later, the cops spotted the accused-Ganesh Shikre (27) and Santosh Ohlala (28), and nabbed them near Glaxo Company.\"The accused were handed over to Dadar police for further investigation,\" said Worli police senior inspector Dipak Pawar. -V NarayanAround 11.10pm, victim Harshala Pardhi (39), wife of a police constable attached with main control room, was waiting for a taxi to reach home at Worli BDD police quarters. Pardhi, in her complaint, said, \"I had gone to my relatives home in Dadar and was returning when the thieves snatched my mangalsutra. I alerted the police and gave description of one of the youths who was wearing a red T-shirt and was riding a black colour Bajaj discover.\"A wireless message with the description helped the Worli police constables identify the two. \"Pardhi tried to get a taxi from Rabindranath Tagore bus stop but failed. She walked a few distance and waited for a taxi when the motorcycle thief approached her and snatched away with the gold mangalsutra,\" said Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.Dadar police assistant inspector Jaywant Sawant said that they are gathering information to know the number of snatchings the two has committed in the city. The two have not revealed anything. Both hail from Dadar and Worli respectively. \"We are probing whether the motorcycle used in snatching belonged to them or was stolen,\" said Sawant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15383428", "title": "Officials struggle to relocate Chandrapura deer", "text": "BOKARO: Wildlife officials are having a difficult time shifting deer from the Deer Park in Chandrapura to the Rajderva deer enclosure in Hazaribag.In the past four months, they have been unable to relocate a single deer from a pack of 60. The team is still camping at Badam Pahari. The park had been de-recognized by the forest department in 2008 and the deer were to be moved to the new enclosure in Rajderva.sAs per plans, once they acclimatized to the natural environment, they would eventually be released into the wild. The wildlife team had launched the process on April 12 amid stiff opposition from local residents.Though forest officials have managed to convince residents, they have failed to lure the animals into the trucks meant to transport them. The state forest department closed the Deer Park in Chandrapura for the public about three years ago following directions from the Central Zoo Authority (CZA).The park, maintained by Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC), is spread over five hectare on Badami hill. It is a popular spot among tourists and locals. The park came into existence in 1990 when the DVC management brought four pairs of white spotted deer from Maithon. Over the last two decades, the deer population here increased to 60 here.Gopal Chandra, Rajderva deer enclosure range officer and leader of the team involved in the relocation project, said that they had placed a truck covered with leaves and bushes and opened the cage to lure the deer into it. But in the past 12 days not a single deer has been attracted by it.\"It is difficult to chase a deer inside the truck as the forest is very dense. We will wait for few more days before calling in experts who will tranquilize the deer to make things easier,\" said Chandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383131", "title": "Janmashtami: Mandals to tone down dahi handi celebrations", "text": "PUNE: The four blasts on Jangli Maharaj Road last week have cast their long shadow on the forthcoming Janmashtami celebrations in the city.Some prominent Ganesh mandals that host the celebrations marking Lord Krishna's birth by putting up a 'dahi handi' will tone down the festivities.Some are doing away with the sound systems altogether, while others are employing additional security guards to streamline traffic and the crowd.For the 10-day Ganeshotsav which starts on September 19, the mandals have decided to install more security guards and closed circuit television cameras around their pandals. Some mandals have approached the Pune police for training volunteers in disaster management.Shirish Mohite, president of Seva Mitra Mandal in Shukrawar Peth, said, \"The sound systems for 'dahi handi' create noise pollution and confusion, adversely impacting the security of the area. Such systems attract people, including children. If they are not put up, there will be fewer spectators ensuring better security and fewer casualties if anything untoward were to happen,\" he said.Mohite's mandal will have better security during Ganeshotsav. They will put up CCTV cameras at the chowk where the pandal will be erected. \"Twenty volunteers from the mandal and private security guards will provide 24x7 security. We are talking with the police to provide training to our volunteers to detect suspicious objects such as a bomb,\" he added.Shrimant Dagdusheth Ganpati Sarvajanik Mandal treasurer Mahesh Suryavanshi said the trust takes additional security measures for Ganeshotsav every year.\"This year too, we have sought 50-60 home guards, apart from 100 additional private security guards. Seventy CCTV cameras will be installed inside the pandal and on the road, from Budhwar chowk to Datta Mandir in Budhwar Peth, during the festival. A total of 250 security guards are employed each year, while we also use security equipment such as hand-held metal detectors, metal door frame detectors and scanning machines,\" he said.Meanwhile, around 70 Ganesh mandals recently met officials in the Sahakarnagar police station. At least half of them decided against installing music systems for 'dahi handi' and Ganeshotsav, though each mandal is allowed two such systems.\"Such sound systems often become ostentatious that leads to mandals competing to outdo each other. This had led to feuds among several mandals during 'dahi handi' celebrations last year, leading to the death of five people. To avoid such a situation and for security reasons following the recent blasts, many mandals under the Sahakarnagar police station have decided not to have the sound system for 'dahi handi' and Ganeshotsav,\" said Uday Jagtap, vice president of Adarsh Mitra Mandal, Dhankawadi.The mandal has installed 37 CCTV cameras at various locations in Dhankawadi for surveillance during the festive season.Dnyaneshwar Panchal, vice president of Akhil Tilak Road Dahi Handi Utsav Samiti, said their celebrations on Tilak Road will be guarded by additional security guards.\"Last year, we had employed 15 special and private security guards during the celebrations. This year, there will be 35 guards, 15 of them will manage traffic from Durvankur chowk to Sahitya Parishad chowk. Traffic jams during celebrations often create confusion, which weakens the security of an area. Once traffic is in order, the remaining can provide protection to the spectators,\" he said.The samiti will hold the Gopal Kala celebrations (the day prior to dahi handi) in a temple instead of the road. \"We are speaking to several authorities for their consent for installing 10 CCTV cameras around our pandals during Ganeshotsav,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15383570", "title": "Three killed by lightning in Garhwa, three injured", "text": "GARHWA: Three persons died and three other women were injured after struck by lightning in different parts of Garhwa district during the past 24 hours.Two women among three died on the spot in heavy rain and three other women were injured when lightning struck them in Garhwa district during the past 24 hours.While Kiran Devi (35), the wife of Manoj Chandravanshi, died and three other women were injured by lightning at Srinagar village in Bhawnathpur, Shamshuddin Ansari (50) died after struck by lightning at Kushdand village in Nagar Untari. Monita Kumari (15) died in Chetna village in a similar way under Sadar police station area.Police said Kiran Devi and three injured Vimla Devi, Mangri Devi and Satyavanti Devi were planting paddy in the field when lightning struck. Kiran Devi died on the spot while the rest three were injured. Ansari died after being struck by lightning while he was working in his field at Kushdand village and Monita Kumari lost her life while grazing her cattle near Chetna village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15384029", "title": "Transfer HUDA-controlled areas to MCG, demands GCC", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon Citizens Council held a meeting on Sunday to discuss the issue of bringing private areas under the purview of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG). As many as 17 councillors, including senior deputy mayor and deputy mayor, attended the meeting. Representatives from various RWAs demanded strengthening of democratically elected municipality to ensure transparency in governance and better management of civic projects.Senior deputy mayor Yashpal Batra assured the gathering that he would highlight the issue in the next House meeting.\"I, along with other councillors, will meet the chief minister and ask him to expedite the process of transferring HUDA sectors and private areas to MCG,\" he said.\"The MCG has already moved a proposal in this regard. But the matter is pending with the urban local bodies department. No action has been taken in this regard by the state government. This meeting aimed at building pressure on the state authorities to expedite the process of transferring control over HUDA areas to MCG,\" said RS Rathee, president, Gurgaon Citizens Council.\"At present, private builders are charging residents hefty maintenance fee without providing basic amenities. In most areas, they have increased maintenance fee from Re1 per square yard to Rs2.50 per square yard per month. This is apart from charges for providing water and disposing garbage.Meanwhile, the MCG has also started sending house tax bill to these residents. We want this double taxation to end, and a case in this regard is already going on in the court.\"Councillors from new Gurgaon claimed that they would pass a fresh resolution to this effect in the next House meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15381905", "title": "Patna: Freshers hailed at St Xavier's College", "text": "PATNA: Freshers and their parents were welcomed with great warmth at the St. Xavier's College here on Monday. Speaking on the first day of the four-day 'Freshers welcome and orientation programme', college principal Fr T Nishant said, \"We believe that by sending their wards to our college, parents also become a part of the Xavier family. So, for the first time, parents were also invited for Freshers welcome.\"\"We aim at educating our students to become nation builders, who can create a better society. In our college, freshers are warmly welcomed by seniors and no ragging is allowed,\" he claimed.Addressing the students and parents, Rector of the college, Fr Joseph Thadavanal said, \"Students are expected to work hard in academics and for character building. Xavier's tradition of imparting higher education is 470 years old and we want to make a good beginning in Bihar also.\"Chetan Sah, a first-year BBA student, said, \"Coming with parents felt like we've come back to Montessorie. But knowing about the college where I would spend next three years was a good experience.\"Earlier in the day, a colourful cultural programme put up by the staff and students of the college greeted the freshers of BA, BCom, BBA and BCA courses. The event included lighting the traditional lamp, prayer dance, skit, talent show, entertainment games, moral games, readings from holy scriptures and PowerPoint presentation.The overall coordination was done by Mentor group directors Jose Kalapura, Jaismin Kantha, Priyanka Sinha and Anumeha Priyadarshini, assisted by student leaders Shrey Sagar, Kundan, Gaurav Daniel, Abhishek Kumar, Nihil Osta, Saurabh Mathew, Mary Murmu, Jyoti, Suruchi and Priya Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15383296", "title": "\u2018Blast-like roar\u2019 triggers panic in Ludhiana, cyber world", "text": "LUDHIANA: A bomb scare on Monday triggered panic across the city, with residents fearing a terror attack. The panic only died down when authorities confirmed that there had been no blast in the city.According to sources, at around 12.45pm on Monday, panic struck in most parts of the city when residents heard a very loud blast-like noise. While some flooded the police control room with inquires regarding the blast site and casualties, others took to the social networking sites to express concern over the disaster.Kulwinder Sharma, a businessman and resident of BRS Nagar, says, \"I heard an extremely loud explosion-like noise while I was paying my bill at the power corporation office in Model Town Extension. Within minutes people around me started panicking - calling it a bomb explosion and another terror attack on our country. However, there was no news about the blast site.\"Owner of an ice-cream factory on Barewal Road, Amanpreet Singh Sahiwal, says, \"I was in my office when I heard the loud thud. My mind immediately flashed a million possibilities and questions \u2014 is it a bomb blast or meteorite or has a bridge has collapsed? Within no time I saw anxious messages and rumours popping up on Twitter and Facebook.\"Calls from well-wishers and family followed for others. Pawan Mahajan, a resident of Haibowal, says, \"I too head the loud noise, but did not pay much heed to it. But within minutes I started getting calls from my friends and family inquiring about the bomb blast. Some said the blast site was in Phillaur, while others suggested another location. But the authorities could not say anything concrete even till the evening.\"Police control room was also flooded with calls inquiring about the blast-like noise and its site. Commissioner police Ludhiana, Ishwar Singh, says, \"We have thoroughly checked. There was no blast in any part of the city. It seems to be something else \u2014 probably like a natural occurrence.\"Though the authorities could not find anything conclusive, the agro-meteorology department says the noise could have been the sound of thunder or lightning. \"I have also received many calls from different locations and it seems that the loud blast-like sound was of thunder. I cannot say anything concrete as of now,\" says K K Gill, assistant agrometeorologist in Punjab Agricultural University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15383501", "title": "Hazaribag police launch traffic awareness drive", "text": "HAZARIBAG: With a view to create traffic awareness amongst the people, particularly youths who are blatantly violating traffic rules, Hazaribag SP Manoj Kaushik on Monday launched a week-long traffic awareness campaign with a marathon r starting from the Jhanda Chowk here.The SP himself along with 200 jawans and police officers participated in the race which passed through several localities of the town.Later, talking to the media the SP said the police would educate the people about basic traffic rules during the campaign. He said it was found in a survey conducted by the WHO that maximum number of deaths occur due to head injury. \"Therefore,\" he said, \"we will make use of helmets compulsory for all those who drive two-wheelers. Besides all motorists must have valid driving license and avoid triple loading in two wheelers.\"If anyone is found violating the traffic rules will not only be punished but their vehicles and license will be seized on the spot, the district police chief said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15383533", "title": "ABVP highlights Nilamber Pitamber University 'incompetence'", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) on Monday staged a demonstration before the administrative building of the Nilamber Pitamber University (NPU) to highlight the \"incompetency, inefficiency and favouritism\" of the university officials at the cost of the academic career of thousands of students studying in colleges.The ABVP members also displayed a banner \"Loot Raj Vishwavidyalay\" which was superimposed on the wall where the name of the university is written. The ABVP banner termed the NPU as \"Non Performing University\". The ABVP activists also displayed cartoons to highlight the 'ills' that prevail in the university. While one cartoon showed two senior officials of the university milching the cow - the university, the other cartoon showed the officials as pawn of chess.ABVP leader Amit Tiwary said a delayed academic session and poor infrastructure at the colleges are hampering studies. The motley gathering was addressed by J Pandey, Prince Pandey, Munna Tiwary, R Vaidya and others. ABVP activists from Garhwa district also participated in the demonstration.Adequate deployment of police near the NPU campus made the agitators turn their ire against the men in khaki and raise anti-police slogans.The ABVP raised eyebrows the way the university dealt with the case of homeopathic and ayurvedic college here.Sources feel that the ABVP has been instigated by an university insider to raised these issues given the fact that normally a students' organization is not known to raise issues that do not affect it directly.The ABVP in its pamphlet titled \"Chalo Vishwavidyalaya\" has made an allusion to financial adviser in some context. Sources said the post of financial adviser is thoroughly unrelated to the daily needs of students and this demand is less likely to come up in students agitation, unless thoughtfully planted.On the other hand the NPU vice-chancellor Firoz Ahmad told TOI that all legitimate demands of the students would be met and where the students have grievances that also would be looked into impartially. The VC said lack of human resources has created problems for the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15383482", "title": "High court gives govt 3 weeks to submit Nagri land report", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand high court on Monday again took strong exception to the delay on part of the government in filing a status report on the issue of land acquisition at Nagri mauja in Kanke block, which is being opposed by the locals.Appearing on behalf of the state government, advocate general Anil Kumar Sinha asked the division bench comprising Chief Justice Prakash Tantia and justice Jaya Roy six weeks to come up with an effective solution to the issue after due consultation with the villagers. He also informed the court that protesting villagers have again damaged a portion of the boundary wall being erected around the land acquired for construction of central educational institutions.The court observed that since law is made by government which is equipped to enforce it, it has a duty to ensure that its officials carry out their jobs diligently. The bench also said that not only government rules are being overlooked, but court directives are also being ignored.Allowing only three weeks to the government as against the demand of six weeks, the court asked the government to come up with the details of land acquired in Nagri and the composition of agrarian and non-arable region. \"The government should explain in detail the nature of the land and what quantity of foodgrain has been cultivated on it by farmers over the past twenty years, and what income the farmers received from their harvest,\" said high court advocate Rajiv Kumar.In yet another query raised by the court, the state government has been directed to furnish detail of the money spent on rent for the National Law University and the department. Advocate general Anil Kumar Sinha said the government is holding talks with protesters and has already convened a few rounds of meeting. \"We sought six week to come to a solution by furthering the ongoing talks,\" he said.The court, while hearing the case on July 16, had directed the government-appointed committee to file its report by July 31. The committee formed on direction of the state government under chairmanship of land and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahato has submitted the report to the chief minister's office. However, sources said the report is a mere presentation of the views of villagers and lacks any concrete recommendation. It was because of the ambiguity in nature of the report that the advocate general had to seek more time to come up with a report or solution to the imbroglio on behalf of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "sodepur", "code": "15384312", "title": "Pool-car driver held for rape bid on 8-yr-old", "text": "SODEPUR: A pool car driver was caught trying to rape an eight-year-old girl in the vehicle, in front of other kids, after parking it inside a posh housing complex in Sodepur on Monday morning. Thankfully, a woman out on a walk heard the girls scream and ran to the rescue just when the driver had unbuttoned his pants and was stripping the child.Police say the accused, 54-year-old Ganga Ram Shaw, was sacked from an English medium school in Barasat a few months ago for molesting a Class IV girl. Monday's victim had been travelling with Shaw for a little over two months.Shaw picked up some students, including the Class II girl, and entered the Peerless Nagar campus to pick up a last few. Instead of waiting on the driveway, he parked in a relatively secluded part of the complex and moved to the middle seat, where the Class II girl was sitting with a kindergarten student. Three other girls, aged four to six, were in the rear seat of the Tata Sumo.The driver then allegedly started stripping the girl, who screamed for help. Mandira Bhattacharya, a resident of the complex, was taking her morning walk with neighbours when she heard the commotion. \"It was around 6.20am when I heard screams from a white Sumo standing in a corner of the campus. I ran to the car and was stunned to see a grey-haired man, who was semi-naked , trying to rape a little girl. I reached through the window and pushed him aside. There were at least four other kids in the car and they were all crying in fear,\" said Mandira. Feisty woman helped nab would-be rapistShaw buttoned his trousers, jumped in the driver's seat and tried to escape. \"He threatened to run me over but I stood in front of the Sumo and blocked his way. All the while, the kids were screaming that 'dadu' (the driver) was torturing the child and taking off her clothes,\" Mandira said. The feisty lady stood her ground and called for help.Her fellow walkers and the society secretary Chanchal Mitra rushed to the spot and dragged Shaw out of the car. They beat him up as other families took the terrified children in their care. \"We had never imagined that a pool car driver could do something so horrible. People trust these people with their kids. We informed the guardians of all the children in the car and also the school,\" said Mitra.Shaw was handed to the police, who informed the girl's father, a businessman. \"My daughter has been going to school in this pool car for about two months and Shaw always drove her. I cannot imagine anyone doing something like this to a child. I thank Mandira Devi for saving my daughter from this monster. Thankfully , my daughter is stable and even attended all her classes,\" he said after filing a complaint against Shaw at Khardah police station.\"We arrested Shaw on the basis of a complaint lodged by the girl's father. He will be produced in court on Tuesday,\" said Biswajit Ghosh, additional deputy commissioner of police, Barrackpore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15382223", "title": "Tower of doom in your compound", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mobile phone towers may have revolutionized communication, but these towers of doom have also brought along radiation hazards.The good news is that starting from September, India will lower the level of electromagnetic radiation from cellphone towers to one tenth of the prevailing standard - from 9.2 w/m2 (watt per square metre) to 0.92 w/m2.But the bad news is that while operators will cut down the radiation from existing towers, they also plan to set up more cellphone towers to make up for the loss of network, and to address the issues of call drops.\"What choice do we have? If we do not put up more mobile phone towers, the quality of our services will drop,\" said a senior official of a private cellular company. \"The Centre and telecom department should work out some policy to address the issue of call drops.\"According to the official, the government has not issued any direct guideline to companies on reducing the radiation limit.There are about 45,000 mobile phone towers in Gujarat, of which 8,000 towers are in Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar , according to data available with Gujarat department of telecommunications (DoT), as on June 30, 2012.Rajeev Kushwah, ITS director (telecom enforcement, resources and monitoring) Gujarat DoT, said, \"Mobile tower equipment were expensive earlier but with Chinese technology, the size of towers have reduced.\" Towers now cost as little as Rs 1-2 lakh, making it viable for companies to put up new ones, he said.Technically, one cellphone tower can enable 30 people to connect through cellphones without a glitch. According to Kushwah, the same tower can provide network to up to 5 lakh people, but with major glitches.Kirit Joshi, a resident of a Vastrapur apartment complex that has installed a mobile phone tower, said, \"The complex was constructed in 2004 and the builder had signed an agreement with a telecom company that year.\" Joshi said the deal entailed the installation of a tower in one of the blocks. \"This information was not disclosed while selling the apartments to residents and when they found out, they did not raise objections,\" Joshi said. \"It was only recently when the harmful effects of radiation were disclosed in the media that the residents objected. When we approached the builder, he said that the agreement ends in 2013. So, we have decided to wait till then.\"According to DoT guidelines, cellular operators should avoid residential areas for the erection of towers. Where it is not possible to avoid such installations, the towers shall be located in an open space or a park, with prior consent of owners of adjoining houses.Instead of installing new mobile phone towers, if telecom companies invested in signal enhancers and raised call rates by Rs 5 paisa per minute, they can become profitable in just three years without risking the health of subscribers. This was revealed in a report presented to the government by Girish Kumar, a faculty member of the department of electrical engineering at IIT Bombay. \"Telecom companies can cut radiation by installing low-power transmitters, also called as boosters, repeaters or signal enhancers,\" Kumar says. \"Companies are making all this noise about installing additional towers because these boosters are slightly expensive.\"Health hazardsAccording to established norms, the radiation level of 600 milliwatts per sq m is considered safe. But mobile phone towers emit electromagnetic rays above the safe limitAccording to a report by the National Cancer Institute , cellphones emit radiofrequency energy, a form of non-ionizing electromagnetic radiation, which can be absorbed by tissues closest to where the phone is held. The quantum of radiofrequency energy a cellphone user is exposed to depends on the technology of the phone, the distance between the phone's antenna and the user, the extent and type of use, and the user's distance from cellphone towers.A study by a team led by Girish Kumar, professor in the department of electrical engineering at IIT Bombay, says that using mobile phones for more than four minutes daily, or two hours per month (over 10 years of use) increases the risk of cancer and other health hazards. The study concludes that a person at any rate should not use cellphones for more than 18 to 24 minutes per day.Other impactRadiation causes the disappearance of butterflies, bees, insects and sparrows. A ministry of environment and forests study has blamed electromagnetic radiation from communication towers for the declining numbers of sparrows and bees. The study titled 'A possible impact of communication tower on wildlife birds and bees' said the radiation decreases egg production in bees.Solution", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15384790", "title": "Boopathy Pandian walks out of film", "text": "Boopathy Pandian was to direct a Tamil-Telugu bilingual, Jagan Mohan IPS, with Gopichand and Nayanthara in the lead. While the project was launched with much fanfare earlier in the year, we hear that it didn't see much progress and the director has now walked out of the project.\"The film remained in the discussion stage for a long time and the makers kept interfering with my script. They kept insisting on many changes, which they felt would suit Gopichand's image,\" says Boopathy, adding, \"I soon began to lose confidence over my own script. These differences of opinion caused me tremendous mental torture. This was when I decided to opt out of the film.\"We now learn that Telugu director Sri Vaas is going to direct the Tollywood film, while the makers are now on the hunt for someone in Kollywood to helm the Tamil version.\"I've given them my script, they're changing it. I am no longer associated with the project. I will announce a different project soon,\" says Boopathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15383999", "title": "Eight killed in road mishap", "text": "GURGAON: Eight persons, including four women and a child, were on Monday killed in a collision between a jeep and a truck at Sona-Tauru road. According to police, eight persons were also injured in the mishap. All the the 16 were sitting in the jeep when it collided head on with the truck. Seven persons died on the spot, they said, another passenger succumbed to injuries at the hospital.All the victims were locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15384198", "title": "MBA graduation jumps off building, dies", "text": "MUMBAI: A management graduate allegedly ended her life by jumping off the terrace of her six-storeyed housing society in Malad (W) on Monday.Smiti Puri (25) was apparently worried about something and residents of the building saw her pacing in the compound, minutes before she leapt off. No suicide note has been found.Smiti stayed in Rajendra Vihar housing society at Evershine Nagar with her parents and two sisters. Her family said she had got engaged a few months ago to a 30-year-old businessman, also from Malad. Her wedding was scheduled for January 17, 2013. A week ago, her mother left for the US to shop for the wedding.Around 9.45am on Monday, a ground-floor resident heard a thud. When he rushed to his window, he saw Smiti's body sprawled on the ground. He alerted her family members. An employee of a private firm, Smiti's father Ajay (55) and her sisters were at home when the incident took place. Smiti was employed with a company but had quit her job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15386103", "title": "Romney's tax plan is Robin Hood in reverse: Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: Launching a new attack against his Republican rival Mitt Romney, US President Obama has termed his tax plan as \"Robin Hood in reverse\", saying it would take money from the poor to help the rich.\"It's like Robin Hood in reverse. It's Romney Hood,\" Obama said at a campaign event in Connecticut, amidst a round of applause from the crowd.Obama argued that the entire centerpiece of Romney's economic plan is a new $5 trillion tax cut.\"We have known for a while that a lot of this tax cut would go to the wealthiest 1% of all households,\" he said.\"But just last week, an independent, non-partisan organization crunched the numbers. They went through what would it mean to add a $5 trillion tax cut,\" he said.\"They determined that Governor Romney's plan would effectively raise taxes on middle-class families with children by an average of $2,000 \u2014 to pay for this tax cut. Not to reduce the deficit. Not to invest in things that grows our economy, like education or roads or basic research.\"He'd ask the middle class to pay more in taxes so that he could give another $250,000 tax cut to people making more than $3 million a year,\" he said.Obama said this sounds like an idea that's difficult to explain or sell to the American people.However the Romney campaign rejected the assertions being made by the US President.\"President Obama recently said the biggest regret of his first term was not telling better stories. He's trying to make up for it now, but his stories just aren't true,\" said Ryan Williams, a Romney campaign spokesman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15382940", "title": "Epic-pedia on a grand scale", "text": "KOLKATA: In another place, another time, you could have taken it for a gurukul. A bespectacled guru stoops over mammoth tomes, as three younger scholars wait on his every word. At a murmur from the teacher, they rush off and flip through more books to find the answer, discover another missing link.The flipping of the pages is the only noise. You don't even hear the cacophony of Sealdah on the streets below.History is being written and rewritten here, on an open terrace in the heart of bustling Kolkata - the first ever attempt at an encyclopedia of the epics, the Vedas and the Puranas. Every name, every myth and every event chronicled in five centuries of ancient texts will be at your fingertips once this epic project comes out in print.Indologist Nrisingha Prasad Bhaduri, famed for his scholarly yet lucid interpretations of stories from the ancient texts, is anchoring this grand effort. Nothing like this has ever been tried in the past because of the sheer scale and complexity of the project, say experts.It was conceived by Sahitya Samsad, which is known for publishing Bengali dictionaries, but for a long time it remained only as an idea.About 15 years ago, the chief of the Samsad, Debojyoti Dutta, had requested Bhaduri to take up the project. Initially, they thought of bringing out an encyclopedia only for the Mahabharata, but Bhaduri realised that this would be a truncated effort at best.\"The idea was to put every character or event to context etymologically so as to trace their antiquity. In doing so, we have considered all the shades that the character has been attributed through the centuries,\" Bhaduri said, trying to explain the very difficult subject.Take the case of Krishna. Though the socio-political character looms large throughout the Mahabharata, it is in the Puranas that we get to see the human side of Krishna, complete with his romances and follies.Interestingly, there is a section of the Ramayana too where a reference to Krishna is found. Again, though Krishna is not mentioned in the Vedas, the Yadu Vamsa, of which Krishna is a scion, is mentioned throughout. It is then that you see how Krishna's forefathers play an unconscious role in shaping this later progeny of the dynasty.\"I have tried to trace Krishna through the ages, in complete negation of what Western scholars have tried to do all this while. To them, the Krishna of the Mahabharata and that of the Puranas are two different characters, existing in two different time zones. But that is not true. He is the same man who matures over time. The scriptures vouch for it and I will establish this truth in my encyclopedia, drawing references from the original texts,\" Bhaduri said.The encyclopedia will challenge claims of certain Indian scholars, who under Western influences have often tried to \"sanitise\" the character of Krishna. In Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay's Krishnacharitra, for instance, Krishna is supposed to not have even a single consort.The project was so complex that it took Bhaduri over a decade to work on the concept alone. That done, he needed research scholars to assist him and Netaji Subhas Institute of Asian Studies came forward to fund it. The encyclopedia will be published jointly by the Samsad and the Institute.The team had hoped to complete the project by 2013. \"But after going full steam we realised that it is going to be more difficult than we thought. I think we will go well into 2015,\" Bhaduri added.The encyclopedia is likely to change many traditional concepts. Take Karna for example.This illegitimate son of Kunti starts off by winning a lot of sympathy because he was abandoned by his mother. He is also generally portrayed as the generous giver - Daata Karna - as he is popularly known. \"However, this is not entirely true. While Karna almost matches up to Krishna in martial strategies, he lacks the cool composure that is the hallmark of a true hero. Karna is restless, jealous and power-hungry. He fights to kill from the very beginning and craves weapons of destruction. Arjun is very different. He does not wish to destroy human life. Krishna never advises him to do that. Naturally, Karna can never be a hero. You must not forget that it is he who orders Draupadi's vastra-haran, albeit unwillingly,\" said Bhaduri.The encyclopedia will try to prove that Ramayana and Mahabharata were written around the same time. There are different shades to the character of Rama, too. \"The most interesting bit about Ramayana is the story of the monkey kingdom. Monkeys have been used as a symbol here, they are actually an aboriginal race, getting slowly subjugated by the superior and more powerful Aryans,\" Bhaduri elucidated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15384495", "title": "Floods: Bane for mankind, boon for ecosystem", "text": "VARANASI: While the floods bring havoc to mankind with loss of lives and property, they also bring many benefits like reduction in pollution level, recharging ground water, making soil more fertile and providing nutrients. The water level of swelling Ganga recorded a rise of 2.38 metres in last 48 hours in Varanasi inundating all ghats and low lying areas.\"It is true that the flood causes disruptive effects on human settlements and economic activities, but it is essential for the river's own health as well as eco system,\" said Prof BD Tripathi, noted environmental scientist and expert member of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA). The floodwater not only diluted the concentration of pollutants but its strong current also acted as dredging for increasing river's depth, he said adding that the floodwater played a significant role in diluting or removing the chemical pollutants.It may be mentioned here that the national river Ganga is being polluted heavily in Varanasi. Over 250 MLD sewage is discharged in the city and major part of it is allowed to go untreated into Ganga. According to the records, the underground sewer system was introduced in the city during British period. The sewerage system was designed exclusively to carry domestic sewage only. But owing to the traditional pattern of open drains laid in the core city area, storm water also enters the trunk sewer directly or through manholes and branch sewers. This leads to tremendous pressure on the sewerage network, especially during monsoons. The sewage treatment plants (STPs) constructed under the first phase of Ganga Action Plan (GAP) become ineffective during rainy season leading to more pollution of Ganga and Varuna rivers.There are three STPs in Varanasi at Dinapur, Bhagwanpur and Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) with capacities of 80 MLD, 9.8 MLD and 12 MLD respectively. The Dinapur and Bhagwanpur STPs are under direct control of UP Jal Nigam for operation and maintenance purpose, whereas DLW is operated and maintained by railway authority.\"The flood helps greatly in reducing the pollution of the river,\" said Udai Kant Choudhary, river scientist and former professor and head of the department of civil engineering and coordinator of Ganga Research Centre, Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University (BHU). He said that the flood also enhanced the oxygen (O2) content in the river water and reduced the biochemical oxygen demand (BOD). He also advocated for the exploitation of river's own energy for pollution management. In his theory of three gradients for river pollution management, he said that in the body of the river all the processes of pollution management need to be done in the flood-plain area on the surface of the sand bed. It could be done by the utilization of river's energies available in the form of hydraulic gradient, velocity gradient and gradient in the soil property. According to him, integrated energy of soil, water and air at a river cross-section changes with the change in location of the section and time. The renewable energies, thus can be sustainably used for transporting, filtering and dispersing the pollutants at minimal cost.According to him, floods play an important role in maintaining ecosystems in river corridors and are a key factor in maintaining floodplain biodiversity. Flooding adds a lot of nutrients to rivers for aquatic life. Besides, the spread of floodwater in the river basin also helps in recharging the groundwater.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15383441", "title": "Three LeT suspects held in Perumbavoor", "text": "KOCHI: Three suspects, who allegedly have links with terrorist outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), were arrested by a crime branch team from their hideout at Perumbavoor on Monday.The arrested have been identified as Abdul Halim (35) of Kannur, Shamnad (24) of Palapetty, Ponnani and Anaz (28) of Vengola, Perumbavoor. The three were arrested by a crime branch team led by detective inspectors Biju K Stephen and K J Peter, specifically formed to probe the Ernakulam collectorate blast case.According to the police, Halim was a close aide of suspected LeT operative Thadiyantavide Nazeer. Halim is an accused in nearly 14 terror-related cases, including the Kozhikode twin blasts case and the Kalamassery bus burning case.Biju K Stephen said that the trio had come to Perumbavoor to kill a goonda identified as Malayattoor Ratheesh. A person called Abu had given the quotation to the gang to kill Ratheesh for Rs 10 lakh.\"They took an advance of Rs 35,000 and have been camping in a hotel to prepare the plan. Though, initially, they decided to attack Ratheesh in the premises of Perumbavoor court where he was expected to come for trial in connection with a case, it was dropped. The gang then decided to attack him in the premises of Manjeri court where Ratheesh is to appear over the next two days in connection with another case,\" the officer said.Preliminary questioning of the accused revealed that they were into quotation activities to raise money to meet the legal expenses of those who have been facing trial in connection with the Kashmir recruitment case.The police said the arrested would be handed over to Perumbavoor police. \"We suspect the involvement of the accused in the collectorate blast case. We will only have a clear picture after a detailed interrogation,\" an official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15381819", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation sleeps over report on condition of Hyderabad flyovers, bridges", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even a year after a report on the condition of nearly 40 flyovers, rail over bridges (ROBs) and other bridges, suggested repairs, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) is sitting on the report. This despite the consultant, who carried out the survey, recommended certain immediate measures for flyovers, but GHMC has not initiated any action.Some flyovers and bridges were constructed by the erstwhile Hyderabad Urban Development Authority (Huda) and Roads and Buildings (R&B;) departments. Since the repairs might incur cost of several crores of rupees, the corporation is hesitating to take up repairs.Stup Consultants was engaged by the GHMC two years ago to conduct an inventory-cum-condition survey to collect detailed data for all bridges, RoBs and flyovers as many of the structures were over a decade old. The consultant was asked to collect information about their general condition.Of the about 40 bridges and flyovers, almost all reports were received a year ago. The inventory reports revealed that many bridges had problems and attention is required like wearing coat joint, expansion joints (gap between two slabs), pedestals, bearing pads and hairline cracks on main girders. Officials said problems in wearing coat, expansion joints were normal in bridges and flyovers and could be rectified by taking up regular maintenance work.The report pointed out that Masab Tank, Narayanguda, Telugu Talli flyover, RoB at Lalapet and Khairatabad need urgent repairs. The corporation then asked for a detailed report on problems, which was also subsequently submitted.Sources said Masab Tank, Basheerbagh, Narayanguda and Telugu Talli flyovers were constructed by the erstwhile Huda and RoB at Lalapet was built by R&B; department. Khairatabad flyover, which was constructed in early 1990s, also had problems in expansion joints and cracks on piers which were attended by the GHMC and South Central Railways twice in the last two years. Now, the flyover needs similar repairs.Telugu Talli flyover had repair issues within four years of it being opened to traffic. The flyover had to be closed for a few days in 2009 when its expansion joints were repaired.With regards to flyovers like Masab Tank, Narayanguda and Basheerbagh, GHMC officials said since the flyovers were built by the urban authority they should take up repairs. Similarly, the Lalapet bridge repair works need to be taken up by R&B; department. \"Since HMDA has not officially transferred maintenance of the flyover to the GHMC, the corporation is planning to write a letter to the HMDA,\" GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381338", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation insured all tax payers, filed claims for only 2 deaths in 7 years", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) claimed insurance payouts after the death of only two insured property tax payers in the past seven years. However, the civic body has regularly paid the annual premium of Rs8.83 lakh to insure all 4.57 lakh property tax payers and their families.A senior NMC official told TOI that 4.57 lakh property tax payers are registered with NMC's property tax department, and all of them are covered under the insurance scheme. \"Standing committee meeting on June 21, 2004, passed a proposal to cover tax payers under accident insurance. The general body also took note of the proposal in its meeting on July 21, 2004. Since then, NMC has been paying Rs8.83 lakh per year to Mumbai-based agency Cabal Insurance Broking Services Private Ltd. Under the insurance cover, any person under whose name the property tax receipt is issued and his entire family are entitled to claim Rs25,000 in case of death in road mishaps. The claim can also be availed for loss of any limbs,\" he said.The official said NMC releases payment to the insurance agency every year after getting approval from the officials concerned. \"Proposal to release the amount for this fiscal came up recently before additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare, who was shocked to know about the insurance scheme. Kumbhare asked officials of property tax department to submit details about the claims since commencement of the scheme. He was told that just two claims had been submitted in the past seven years, one in 2009-10 and the other in 2010-11,\" he said.The officials said Kumbhare issued directives to property tax department and assistant commissioners of all zones to collect data from the police department about all road mishap victims. NMC will now verify details of all eligible persons who have died and submit claims.Questions are now being raised about the property tax department's functioning, which is spending lakhs on insurance schemes without spreading any awareness among tax payers or taking initiative to file claims.Social activist Ravi Kaskhedikar too was surprised about the existence of an insurance plan for last seven years. \"I had never heard about the scheme despite raising issues related to property tax for long. I even went through the property tax bill issued by NMC every year, and there was no mention about the insurance cover. There should be an enquiry into the scheme,\" he demanded, also urging NMC to spread awareness among tax payers about this scheme.Five-time corporator, seniormost among all 145 corporators, Raju Lokhande was also not aware of any such scheme. \"I have completed 20 years as NMC corporator, but do not know about this scheme. It would benefit tax payers, especially the poor,\" he said.According to data available from the police department, around 250-300 citizens die every year in road mishaps in the city. Besides, 1,100 to 1,800 sustain serious injuries in mishaps every year.The question now being raised is whether office bearers like mayor Anil Sole and chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari were aware about the scheme, and why NMC was not availing the benefit of the scheme over these years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15381754", "title": "Govt promises speedy trial in gang rape case", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Monday announced in Bihar legislative assembly to hold speedy trial of the accused in the gang rape of a schoolgirl after police investigation. The opposition, which raised the issue through a call attention notice, expressed its dissatisfaction over the reply and shouted slogans while trooping in the well of the House in the pre-lunch session before it was adjourned.When the House reassembled post-lunch, the RJD members again started shouting slogans and demanded CBI inquiry into the gang rape while alleging that the government was trying to shield one NDA MLA in that case.Calling the gang rape a 'shameful' incident, water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary, who replies to questions related to home department in the state legislature, said so far six accused had been arrested from different places and sent to judicial custody. The involvement of Prashant Jha, Rahul alias Ranvijay, Rahul Lamba alias Nepali, Sushant Paswan, Dinesh Paswan and a minor boy has been found in the crime, he said.The victim girl had earlier named four of her tormentors but later in her statement under 164 CrPC before a judicial magistrate, mentioned seven names. They are: Prashant Jha, Rahul Lamba, Saurabh, Rishabh, Sushant, Rahul alias Ranvijay and a minor boy. She told the police she knew Rahul Lamba as Rishabh and that all the youth were calling a person who looked like a servant as Saurabh, who later was identified as Dinesh Paswan of Devna village in Darbhanga.Rebutting the opposition charges, Choudhary said the government was not protecting anybody. Samrat Choudhary of RJD, who moved the call attention notice, said the girl named eight persons and two, Saurabh and Rishabh, were still absconding. He wondered why the identity of a servant was sought to be concealed. The RJD legislator also wanted to know why no inquiry was made against the owner of the car in which the girl was taken to the apartment where she was gang-raped. The minister said the vehicle was a silver colour Tata Safari bearing registration number KA05 ME 6142, which was in the use of Sushant, who said it was given to him by his friend who lives in Bangalore. The details of ownership of the vehicle has been sought from Karnataka and the registered owner of the vehicle will definitely be interrogated, he added.The minister confirmed that the gang rape took place at flat no 301, Rambha Apartment, Rajbanshi Nagar under Shastrinagar police station, which is in the name of Sushant's father Suresh Paswan. On the statement of the victim, a case with women police station, no 03/12, was registered on July 24 under sections 376(2)(G), 120(B), 292, 293, 294, 323, 504, 506, 34 of IPC and 67, 67A, 67B and 68 of IT Act against Prashant Jha, Rahul, Rishabh and the minor boy. He said the clothes the girl wore at the time of the incident and other materials seized from the apartment have been sent to Forensic Science Laboratory.The minister made a similar statement in the Bihar legislative council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15384812", "title": "Vikram, Gautham for Agni Nathchathiram?", "text": "Agni Natchathiram, Mani Ratnam's classic starring Prabhu and Karthik, is set to be remade in Kollywood. And the names being bandied to reprise the two memorable roles are none other than the sons of the two original heroes , Prabhu and Karthik. Prabhu's son, Vikram, and Karthik's son, Gautham, are ready to step into their shoes.This could well be a casting coup of sorts. A source says, \"The film is much-loved by all Tamil cinema fans. So, if anyone would do justice to the roles done by Prabhu and Karthik, it is their children.\"It is rumoured that the film will be produced by the makers of Osthe and director Dharani is likely to helm the project. Says producer Ramesh, who plans to make the film in Tamil and Telugu, \"Talks are on with Dharani to direct the project. Both Vikram Prabhu and Gautham Karthik have evinced a lot of interest in this film as they will be stepping into their fathers' shoes.\"The Agni Natchathiram remake will kickstart only in December as the makers would like Mani Ratnam's Kadal to hit screens before they embark on their project.While neither Vikram Prabhu nor his dad Prabhu could be reached for a confirmation, their spokesperson informs, \"Yes, producer Ramesh has been toying with this and also got in touch with us regarding this. We have asked him for a clear picture on the rights of the film so that we can decide.\"Directed by Mani Ratnam in 1988, Agni Natchathiram is about two half-brothers who come into conflict with each other in their claim for legitimacy as sons of a common father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15381750", "title": "Notices to Centre, state government on pollution", "text": "HYDERABAD: The HC on Monday issued notices to the state government, its pollution control board and the Centre along with Krishnapatnam port asking them to explain their stand within two weeks on a petition charging them with destroying the environment around the port and also with violations of Coastal Regulatory Zone norms.IAS officer under lens in Vanpic case: The CBI on Monday informed the CBI Court that it would probe the role of IAS officer Manmohan Singh in the Vanpic case . The CBI counsel was responding to the charges that the CBI was going easy on Singh even though he had played a big role in the Vanpic deal. The matter was posted to August 14 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15383695", "title": "Exploitation of constables continues", "text": "It was in September 2009 when the state government had discontinued with immediate effect the practice of attaching police constables and head constables at the residence of any serving or retired police officer, both within the state and outside. This was announced in reaction to the death of constable P Muralinath who was the Special Armed Reserve Police, Amberpet, but was posted as an orderly at an IPS officer's residence in Noida. The move was aimed at avoiding the wastage of trained manpower and also to curb exploitative practices. Three years later, the exploitation of constables continues and it is time that the 2009 government decision is executed in letter and spirit.Related Story  :  Cops to cleaners, cooks and gardners", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15382943", "title": "Man strangles wife after family quarrel", "text": "COIMBATORE: In yet another incident of violence against women, a 19-year-old woman was strangled to death by her 23-year-old husband after a family quarrel in the early hours of Monday. The accused is reportedly an alcoholic and the couple used to quarrel often as his wife Bharathi constantly pleaded with him to mend his ways and provide his son a secure future. Bharathi got married to N Kuppusamy about five years ago when she was just 14 years old. Kuppusamy was arrested and was remanded to custody.\"They had a loud quarrel on Sunday night after the accused came home drunk. In a fit of rage, he strangled his wife early morning,\" said M Karuppan, inspector, Alandurai police station.According to police, N Kuppusamy was residing along with his wife Bharathi and their three year old son Ajay in Vadivelampalayam near Thondamuthur on the outskirts of the city under Alandurai police station limits. Bharathi's mother Saraswathi also used to stay with the couple. Kuppusamy came home late on Sunday evening in an inebriated state and Bharathi tried to talk sense into him. Kuppusamy reacted in a violent manner and an argument ensued.\"Both of them went to sleep but it seems Kuppusamy woke up early in the morning and saw his wife sleeping and committed the crime,\" Karuppanan added.Kuppusamy fled after murdering Bharathi. Her mother Saraswathi found the body a few hours later when she woke up. Kuppusamy worked at a brick kiln as a daily wage labourer. Police came to the spot and sent the body for post-mortem. Alandurai police registered a case regarding the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383012", "title": "Police still clueless about 'blast-like sound' on Laxmi road", "text": "PUNE: The police were unable to ascertain the origin of the mysterious blast-like sound that came from the top floor of a two-storied commercial-cum-residential building on Laxmi road on Sunday afternoon.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-I) Makaranad Ranade said the police had no clues. Several people claimed they heard a big sound. \"We have verified that, but are yet to get any leads,\" Ranade said.The loud sound had created panic on Laxmi road. The city police, the bomb detection and disposal squad (BDDS) and the fire brigade checked the entire building, but found nothing suspicious.The people claimed that the 'blast' was heard from a room, where three youths, who were preparing for their Maharashtra Public Service Commission (MPSC) examination were staying.Assistant commissioner of police (Vishrambaug division) Bharat Bhushan Sharma said that when the sound was heard, all three students were not in the room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15383919", "title": "Beach authorities piqued at Mangalore police circular", "text": "MANGALORE: The Panambur Beach Development Tourism Project ( PBDTP) management on Monday expressed its dismay at the notice issued to them by the local law enforcement agency saying that it cast aspersions on the way they managed the beach.In a letter to the police commissioner, Yatish Baikampady, CEO of the project, stated that they have been managing the beach since 2008 and were following all rules and regulations specified by the department of tourism and also cooperating with the police.The police circular issued to the project office on August 2 stated: \"This is to inform you that you should take steps to see that no illegal rave parties and weekend parties are held at Panambur beach in the Panambur Station limits. Also, while organizing any other programmes, you should take prior permission from the departments concerned and also inform the police in advance. You will be held responsible for any untoward incidents that occur due to non-compliance. Also you have to keep a watch on the boys and girls and also tourists who visit the beach and inform us in case of any kind of trouble.\"Yatish said: \"We have hosted many corporate events and banquets at the beach and due procedures have been followed. As high powered cameras have been installed at the beach by the administration and monitored from your office round the clock, you are able to get real time information on activities at the beach.\"Yatish also pointed out that they have saved 55 lives at the beach and there have been nil casualties since the past three years.\"We have even made efforts to stop people using gutka and paan at the beach,'' he said and thanked the Panambur police for giving them cooperation in all activities and in cases of emergency as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15381030", "title": "Schools declare a rainy day", "text": "BHOPAL: Many schools in the city declared a 'rainy day' with the state capital receiving continuous rains in the last 24 hours. While some students stayed at home, others were inconvenienced as they first went to school only to found out that it was a 'rainy day'.Schools like St Joseph's Co-ed, Arera Colony, Campion School primary section, St Joseph's Convent, Sanskaar Valley and St Xavier's (BHEL) remained closed.The parents of the students in some of these schools were informed over the telephone about the closure of the school. Some parents who did not had information and reached the school with their wards had to return home.The turnout in those schools that remained open was also very low, close to 10% or less.The situation in government schools was even worse. Since students couldn't make their way to the school, it was an undeclared holiday for those schools as well. In the 1,300 odd schools in the district, most are not equipped to combat with such heavy rainfall. Result was that many schools like Nayapura, Lalghati and Jatkhedi Middle School were flooded with water making it difficult for students to even sit in the class.DPS bus strandedOn Monday, a school bus belonging to Delhi Public School was parked right in the middle of the road at TT Nagar Crossing in the afternoon. A tyre of the bus had come off leaving the bus stranded. What was shocking was, the students were not allowed to de-board all the while the bus was stranded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382744", "title": "New terminal to get shops, lounges, Airports Authority of India floats tenders", "text": "CHENNAI: The new domestic terminal at Chennai airport moved another step towards completion as Airports Authority of India on Monday floated tenders to set up restaurants and book shops.Though Planning Commission is pushing for privatisation of the airport, the AAI is going ahead with its plan to operate the terminal and show that it will be able to manage the terminals better than private players. The authority does not want the terminal to be idle till a decision is taken.\"We want to have basic amenities at the terminal when it is opened. The tenders will be opened by the end of August. The shops and restaurants are going to be a stop-gap arrangement for six months. After the time frame is over, bigger firms will be allowed to set up facilities on a permanent basis,\" said an AAI official. He added that initially the tenders will be for temporary shops and stalls. The AAI is also planning to float tenders for setting up permanent shops and lounges by the end of the week.\"The bidders are told to present a concept note on how to position the shops and how many shops can be installed in the given area across the airport,\" the official said.However, airlines are apprehensive about the move to have temporary amenities. \"We are not sure about the quality of service. Those who come forward may not put in their best to install restaurants and shops. Passengers may not get the best amenities,\" said an airline official.There is also a lack of clarity on the location of lounges. Airlines these days prefer the common lounge concept by which lounges are operated and maintained by a private agency and airlines pay them per passenger.The AAI had earlier planned to open the new terminal after asking owners of shops and restaurants of the existing terminal to move into the new building. The plan was dropped after the state government and the ministry of civil aviation dismissed it. A comprehensive new tender was sent to the ministry, which is yet to decide who should operate the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15381583", "title": "Efforts on to integrate scientific research in Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala State Council for Science, Technology and Environment (KSCSTE) is planning to set up a research park, which will be an advanced inter-disciplinary scientific research centre, in the city.A high-level committee of scientists and heads of research and development organizations here is chalking out an action plan for the park to be submitted to the government, former KSCSTE executive vice-president A E Muthunayagam told TOI on Saturday.\"With dedicated scientists like Dr V S Jayakumar among others at the leading scientific and research institutes in the city, it will not be difficult to set up an advanced research centre,\" said Muthunayagam, a veteran ISRO scientist and rocket propulsion expert.\"The recommendations of the committee with an action plan will be forwarded to the government for its nod,\" KSCSTE executive vice-president Prof V N Rajasekharan Pillai said.Currently, independent research is being carried out by various scientific organizations in the city and efforts are on to integrate these research activities, said Dr Jayakumar, a committee member and reader with the department of physics at the Mar Ivanios College. \"The park will enable advanced research through institutional collaboration,\" he added.Plans are afoot to set up a research park in city", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15384098", "title": "How Gurgaon based startup Knimbus helps scientists share findings and connect with peers", "text": "GURGAON: Melding together the features of popular social networking sites, a fledgling startup in Gurgaon has built a search and collaboration platform that aims to knock down the ivory towers confining global scientific research.Knimbus, a first-of-its-kind niche networking platform, launched by two Indian entrepreneurs, helps scientists access content, share findings and connect with peers in real time. Launched in September last year, it has already notched up a user base of 30,000 scientists and researchers. And while Knimbus combines a host of features from popular networking sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter, the dialogue is starkly different - there are no pet videos or posting of holiday sites. Instead, there is a range of serious discussions from developing drugs for cancer to decoding complex terms like polysaccharide hydrogels.\"We wanted to democratise knowledge and spur innovation not just in India but globally as well,\" says Rahul Agarwalla, chief executive officer of Knimbus, who co-founded the networking site with a friend Tarun Arora after they realised that researchers in India had very low access to global knowledge pools.It offers researchers a single window through which to access millions of articles, books and patented material. For example at the University of Delhi, Knimbus integrates over a hundred different sources of research on one platform that faculty, researchers and students can access to search and create shared projects in a secured format. In contrast, traditional academic circles require the findings of closed door research to be first submitted to science journals, reviewed by peers and then published for the benefit of other scientists, a process both expensive and time consuming. \"While online search and social tools are widely available, at Knimbus, we bring together the content and community on one single platform,\" says Agarwalla.This move towards a more collaborative approach to scientific research has gained importance as large companies seek out new innovations from laboratories. \"Procter &amp; Gamble Co, the world's largest consumer-products company sourced ideas for two of its major products from CSIR's National Chemical Laboratory,\" says Raghunath Anant Mashelkar, former director-general of the Council of Scientific &amp; Industrial Research (CSIR). CSIR has created 'Open Source Drug Discovery' programme, a technology platform focused on affordable healthcare, discovering novel therapies and drugs launched by CSIR. The co-founders of Knimbus estimate that the scientific, technical and medical information industry is worth $25 billion globally while in India, the market is valued at $ 1 billion.\"We realised the need for such a platform was a huge opportunity,\" says Agarwalla, who chanced upon the idea from interactions with co-founder Arora who offered scientific information through traditional marketing channels before starting Knimbus.Mashelkar, who sees a similar demand for scientific information and the need for collaboration among researchers, is of the opinion that the old model of research and development is giving way to connect and develop. \"Gone are the days when you had an in-house team to do innovation and create products,\" he says. Biplab Choudhury, who works as principal scientist at CSIR-Central Mechanical Engineering Research Institute, and is a user of Knimbus found his time spent on research and cost was cut by half after he subscribed to the network. Choudhury, who is working on solar air conditioning technology, was able to get insights from a pool of global scientists. \"Instead of restricting people to closed rooms or cubicles, open collaboration promotes innovation. Otherwise I would've had to start from scratch,\" he says. As Anjan Sen, a professor at the Delhi School of Economics, says, \"There are social networks, there are professional networks, but now with Knimbus, we have the knowledge network.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382159", "title": "Act against errant hospitals, charity commissioner told", "text": "MUMBAI: In the light of persistent complaints that private charitable hospitals were not complying with guidelines reserving 20% beds for poor and weaker sections of society, the state has directed the charity commissioner to act against the hospitals.Labour and special assistance minister Hasan Mushrif has directed the charity commissioner's office to identify such hospitals and take strict action against the same.To provide free or concessional health services to poor patients, the Mumbai Public Trust Act, 1950, requires charitable hospitals, which have been allotted land at nominal rates, to reserve 10% beds for the economically backward classes and another 10% for socially weaker sections. \"Several hospitals argue that they have already spent 2% of their total revenue, as required, on such patients to deny admissions to eligible poor. An audit of all such hospitals to confirm the validity of their claims is conducted,\" Mushrif said. The minister has also asked the commissioner to ensure that all charitable institutitions enroll for the newly introduced Rajeev Gandhi Jeevandayi Arogya (RGJY) Scheme. The government has already said it was weighing new options to tighten implementation of the beds for the poor norm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382372", "title": "Join talks on expressway: HC to fishers", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has asked fishermen living in the fear of being shifted out for the Ennore Express Highway project to join talks with the Centre and the state government on Tuesday.The Ennore Express Highway project connects five major roads leading to Chennai port. The first bench was passing the order on a petition filed by the Coastal Community Protection Movement, which represents fishermen in 11 villages.Senior counsel for the Chennai Port Trust R Muthukumarasamy submitted that the chief secretary of Chennai Port Trust, the NHAI and the state highways authorities will hold talks on Tuesday. If fishermen could join the talks it would help resolve the issue, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382271", "title": "Right to education in colleges too proposed", "text": "MUMBAI: Having introduced the right to education model in schools, the state has plans to replicate it in higher education too.A plan to enact legislation in this regard is included in the state's first youth policy, which came into force from August 4 onwards.Applicable for a period of ten years, the much-awaited policy has drafted a blueprint for improvement of the youth development index (YDI) in the state.The RTE provisions make it mandatory for schools to fill up 25% seats at the entry level with economically weaker and socially backward class students residing in the neighbourhood. No fees are to be charged from the students. The cost of their education is to be borne by the state and the school. Further, to improve quality of education in schools, the RTE Act has enacted new norms regarding the teacher/pupil ratio, the number of students' classrooms and the qualification of teachers, among others.Implementing similar provisions for professional courses (engineering, medical, pharmaceutical, etc) is one of the 20 new schemes proposed in the youth policy.The state has adopted the new policy on the basis of recommendations made by a 29-member committee, which was headed by sports and youth welfare minister Padmakar Walvi.The policy has proposed an independent 'youth budget' and setting up of a fund for youth welfare activities. It has proposed income tax exemptions for individual contributing towards the fund. It proposed setting up of a state youth panel on the lines of the women's commission. The government has been asked to make the YDI report public every three years. In order to recognise social work of youngsters and youth outfits, it has decided to initiate a \"social credit\" system. \"A panel has been appointed to fix parameters for the system,\" Walvi said. To increase employment opportunities, the government has initiate a portal, where youngsters could register and mention their skill level.Impetus of improving infrastructure- youth training and skill development centres, counselling centers, hostels- at the state and district level has been given in the policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381744", "title": "Raj Travels founder received threats from tour operators", "text": "MUMBAI: Threat calls from two tour operators whom Raj Travels founder Lalit Sheth allegedly owed money to could have driven the 56-year-old businessman to end his life, said travel and tourism industry sources.Sources said Shah owed Rs 40 lakh to a tour operator in Mumbai and Rs 12 crore to another in Goa.Sheth's son Akash denied these claims. \"The person from Goa is a family friend and there was no threat at all. I spent the last few days with this friend performing rituals. Inappropriate information will only make things worse for me,\" Akash told TOI. \"I wasn't involved in the business for three years, except for bringing in big corporate accounts for the company,\" he said, adding, \"It will take me some time to decide the next step.\"A source said the tour operator from Goa had visited Sheth's Girgaum Chowpatty office eight days before he ended his life. \"The operator had created a ruckus at Sheth's office and threatened to kill him in front of his staff. The person demanded Sheth pay back the Rs 12 crore he had taken from him after promising foreign tour bookings and IATA certification,\" the source said. \"Even the Mumbai tour operator had threatened Sheth. The person warned Sheth not to consider him a chhota travel agent like others who he had duped without knowing his links in Goa and other parts of India. Before leaving, he even threatened to bump off Sheth if he did not repay his Rs 12 crore,\" the source added.The source said Sheth had allegedly collected Rs 40 lakh from a tour operator in Mumbai after making false promises and the operator had threatened him.\"Last week, a Rs 2-crore cheque issued by Sheth to a party was dishonoured. Tour operators had stopped giving credit to Sheth because of his involvement in several cheque-bouncing cases. He had also not returned the money he had taken from clients to book foreign tours,\" the source alleged.\"Sheth's staff and his son had requested the operators and customers to bear with them in their time of grief and had promised to come up with a solution after studying the matter,\" a travel agent said.Deputy commissioner of police (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni said they are awaiting call data records to identify the location from where Sheth had leaped to his death. \"We will get details of the person from Goa who had visited Sheth's office and threatened him. We are probing all angles and are waiting for Sheth's family to come to terms with the suicide before recording their statements,\" he said.People in thousands from the travel industry, some ministers and police commissioner Arup Patnaik attended a condolence prayer meeting the Sheth family had arranged at the Y B Chavan auditorium in Nariman Point on Monday. \"The meeting was personal and it was mostly attended by people from the travel and tourism industry. Even big-time players from the business attended the meeting from 4-7 pm,\" said a close friend of Lalith Sheth.Sheth's son Akash SMSed TOI: \"Sorry, we would like the prayer meet to be personal and will not be in a position to give interviews or share information to the media.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15383617", "title": "Married couple arrested for jewellery theft", "text": "RAJKOT: Detection of Crime Branch (DCB) sleuths have arrested a couple in connection with thefts in jewellery shops in the city. The accused have been identified as Ajay Kakkad, a resident of Bhagvatipara and his wife Alpa.Police said that they were nabbed while selling stolen jewellery. Gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 63,240 has been recovered from the couple. \"Their modus operandi was to enter jewellery shops as customers. They would pinch jewellery items after distracting salespersons. Moreover, they took their 10-year-old son along to avoid suspicion and complete the picture of them being genuine customers,\" said V B Jadeja, police inspector with DCB, Rajkot City.\"During questioning, the couple confessed to having committed at least three thefts from three different shops in the city,\" said an investigating official.Police said the couple had already sold out some of the stolen jewellery in Ahmedabad. The police are on the lookout for those who have bought these items. The couple had been arrested in the past too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15383765", "title": "Preserving their Maratha roots in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: The Tanjore Deshastha Marathas are descendents of Venkoji Raje Bhonsale, a brother of Maratha warrior Chhatrapati Shivaji, who expanded the Maratha kingdom in southern India. Madurai has less than 75 families from this community, who first made Tanjore their home and then migrated further south to Madurai and Ramanathapuram.Hailing from various parts of Maharashtra, people from this community accompanied their kings in pursuit of expanding their kingdom and later settled down to help govern the newly invaded land. Venkoji was one of the first known Tanjore Marathas. A larger part of the migration of these people from their homeland to Tamil Nadu took place between 1712 and 1726, when Serfoji I invited the brahmins from his homeland and offered them vast lands. Records showed that the migrations ceased after 1855, says Yeshwanth Rao, a member of the Mahratta Education Fund (MEF), an organisation of this community. \"Madurai is our home now. We visit our native place only about once a year, for the annual ritual of praying to the family deity,\" he says.The Tanjore Marathas are passionate about preserving their tradition and very rarely agree to marriage alliances with the locals here. \"When it comes to marriage, we prefer to go in search of brides and grooms back in Maharashtra or Central India,\" said Jagadish, a Maharashtrian. S Janaki, a housewife, says the nine yard sari is the mandatory costume that a bride wears during her marriage rituals. This pure cotton sari is dipped in turmeric to give it the yellow colour which signifies prosperity. Their marriages bring to life many rituals from the past including 'antharpat', 'kanyadan' and 'kanka' which are absent in many Hindu marriages. \"Grandeur and rituals are the very essence of a Maratha wedding,\" says another member of the community, Shaji Rao.Most people from this community hold important positions in government departments as they make dedicated and good workers. However, many of their aristocratic houses concentrated around the Dhanappa Mudali Street in the heart of Madurai city and places like Ayyer Banglow, have now been sold out or converted into ultra modern structures. Regular festivals and bhajans organised at the Madurai Sethuram Bhajan Mandali is their way of protecting and keeping their traditions, culture and language intact. They speak Marathi at home and classes are conducted at the MEF for teaching the language to the younger generation.The original recipe for the traditional Tamil Nadu sambar, was brought from Maharashtra by the cooks of this community. Tamilians substituted the original ingredient 'kokum' with tamarind pulp to produce the present day sambar. 'Puranpoli', a Maharashtrian sweetmeat made with dal, flour and jaggery also became a household sweet in Tamil Nadu.Madurai District Mahratta Mandal president Ganesh Rao, says that at present, their organisation has about 500 members from 60 families registered with them. \"We were basically soldiers and were backward in education, but now our people shine in almost every sphere of life,\" he said. The mandal plans to hold a communal conclave in Madurai in September this year inviting their people from all parts of Tamil Nadu, in order to enhance their cultural activities in this region, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15383437", "title": "Missing records on Rauf: Call for vigilance probe", "text": "KOCHI: If the missing official records related to K A Rauf's alleged inter-state smuggling activities and impersonation in the high court are not retrieved, a vigilance inquiry is needed, the Kerala high court has ordered.The interim order by a division bench comprising Justice C N Ramachandran Nair and Justice C K Abdul Rehim was while considering an application filed by a special investigation team (SIT) seeking two more months to probe the impersonation and forgery by a gang allegedly led by Rauf to facilitate interstate smuggling activities. The same gang is suspected to be behind the missing of official records.The SIT submitted to the court that the original statements of certain important witnesses that were recorded earlier had gone missing. SIT also revealed that some of the original documents seized earlier by previous investigating officers in the case were also not traceable.As part of the investigation conducted earlier, several records were seized as evidence by assistant commissioner of Kozhikode city from the high court, advocate-general's office, sales tax intelligence office in Kozhikode, and Thamarassery police station as part of the investigation into the gang's interstate smuggling of rubber goods and related forgery and impersonation.The missing of files was first noticed by the SIT formed on the basis of a high court directive in January last year to probe the case that involved impersonation in the high court. While considering the case on January 16 last year, a division bench of the court had asked the SIT to complete the probe in six months. The interstate smuggling racket was originally busted by a team of sales tax intelligence officials in 1988 and a case was registered at Thamarassery police station when it was found that the gang allegedly led by Rauf and C Mohammed Koya forged documents and impersonated original rubber dealers to release goods caught transporting without paying tax.When the forgery didn't work out at the local level, the gang approached the high court and filed a petition impersonating an original dealer. But, the impersonation in the court turned disastrous as the court realized the scam when the dealer was asked to appear in person. Subsequently, it directed an investigation against Rauf. Along with granting two more months to complete the probe, the court has ordered the SIT to file a report after two months, specifically referring missing documents and statements and the result of the vigilance inquiry conducted to find them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15384386", "title": "More water discharged into Ganga from Narora", "text": "KANPUR: Around 1.59 lakh cusecs of water was discharged into the Ganga from Narora dam on Monday. It is expected to reach the city in the next 48 hours. Nearly 1.10 lakh cusecs of water was released on Sunday. The discharge of such a large quantity of water may worsen the situation in the low-lying areas.In last two days, 2.69 lakh cusecs of water has been released into the river from Narora dam. This may further rise the level of Ganga which had touched a mark of 112 m at the barrage on Monday. Now, the river is flowing just one metre below the warning mark of 113 m.Tehsildar Sadar, A R Farooqui confirmed that 1.59 lakh cusecs of water had been released from Narora dam on Monday. The water would reach city in next 48 hours. The administration is ready to tackle the situation.The river has been rising for past few days. The water has started flooding the ghats. The rising level has alarmed the villagers of Katri, who are worried that their crops and livestock would be under the threat of getting washed away.The villages at risk are Chainpurwa, Dharamkhera and Padhipur. In case of major flood, the other affected villages would be Kallupurwa, Chotta Mangalpur, Bada Mangalpur and Dibnipurwa to name a few.Near the Ganga Barrage, the current of the river is swift. The fishermen are finding it tough to row boats and catch fishes.The visitors coming to the ghats are not serious towards their lives. This can be gauged from the fact that the people coming to barrage do not mind in taking a plunge in the river. Several people have drowned in at the barrage in the past. On Monday, the fishermen were found blowing whistles and alarming visitors to get out of the river.The boatmen ask people to stay away from river as it could sweep them away. Security personnel had not been deployed at the Barrage. The Jal Police should guard the river when it is flooded. The is a need to deploy security personnel at Sarsiyya, Magazine, Parmat, Anandeshwar and other ghats to stop devotees from venturing deep into the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383015", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation not yet decided on withdrawal of water cuts", "text": "PUNE: Even though the irrigation department has started releasing water from Khadakwasla dam into the Mutha right bank canal which supplies water to the city, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is undecided on the withdrawal of water cuts.\"The civic administration has not yet tabled a proposal to withdraw the existing water cuts. However, we will raise the issue with the administration and take a decision,\" said mayor Vaishali Bankar, speaking to reporters on Monday.Khadakwasla dam is almost filled to capacity and water is now being released at a rate of 1,300 cusecs (1 cusec = 28.317 litres per second). This will continue for the next seven days. The water discharged into the canal enables the PMC to lift additional water for the city as well as benefits smaller towns like Daund and Indapur.\"The state has to issue directions to withdraw the water cuts. Only then can the PMC take a final decision and regularize water supply,\" said a PMC official.Since March 1, there has been a 10 per cent water cut in the city, with most areas getting water only in the morning.The state irrigation department has earmarked 11.5 TMC quota of water for Pune, but the city draws over 14 TMC water from the reservoirs of the Khadakwasla, Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet dams. The quota is higher than the normal requirement, yet the city faces a water crisis because of distribution losses and PMC's water mismanagement .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381151", "title": "Ailing tusker to get healing hands", "text": "INDORE: The district administration will depute a three-member team to diagnose the domesticated tusker Laxmi, which has been moving around the city for past several days.\"We will depute a team of doctors from Mhow for medical checkup of the elephant,\" said Additional District Magistrate (ADM) Alok Singh. He, however, said that the administration was unaware about the condition of the animal. DFO (Indore) Saeed Khan said, \"One can domesticate elephants, but the issue of its health problems comes under the purview of the collectorate.\"Zoo in-charge of Indore Dr Uttam Yadav said, \"Wildlife Act of 1972 prohibits domestication of elephants especially in urban areas.\" Efforts to contact Mahout of the elephant proved futile.Wildlife activist Neelam Dubey said, \"It is the responsibility of the forest department to take care of any ailing elephant in the city and it cannot shy away from its responsibility.\" She said, \"As far as we are concerned, we can just stop the people from using an ailing elephant and provide some medicines for the animal. But administration alone has the right to take legal action against people using an elephant on the streets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15383615", "title": "ATM theft: State Reserve Police cop among 2 held", "text": "RAJKOT: Police arrested two persons including a State Reserve Police (SRP) constable of Gondal (group 8) in connection with the unsuccessful attempt of stealing money from ATM on Kuvadava Road on Sunday morning.The arrested have been identified as Bhiku alias Ghoghu Makwana (27), a resident of Gundala village in Jasdan taluka of Rajkot, the SRP constable and Kishor alias Kishan Makwana.Police said in all there were five persons involved in crime.On Sunday morning, thieves attempted to steal money from ICICI Bank's ATM in Ganga Complex on Kuvadava Road. However, they escaped from the spot leaving their bikes on seeing a police patrol.Police got a clue from the bike which they seized from the crime scene. Police found the bike owner to be Gordhan Makwana of Mafatiypara in city.\"When asked about his bike, Gordhan told police that his son Kishor uses the bike. We questioned Kishor, who confessed to the crime,'' said I B Ajmeri, police inspector, B-division police station.Kishor and Bhikhu noticed that there was no watchman at ATM. Seeing an opportunity, they tried to carry out the loot.\"We have got the names of their three other accomplices and will nab them soon,\" said Ajmeri.They have been identified as Ajay Khasmani (19), a resident of Khorana village in Chotila taluka of Surendranagar district, Shialesh Ajagiya (23) of Navagam village and Vallabh Ajagiya (28).Police said that this gang had earlier planned to carry out theft at the Gondal ATM but somehow could not succeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15383773", "title": "Youth's tribute to Thiruvalluvar by using poet's 1330 couplets", "text": "TRICHY: A 21 year old poverty-stricken youth from Thuraiyur Taluk in Trichy district formed the figure of saint-poet Thiruvalluvar by writing all the 1,330 couplets of 'Thirukkural'.\"It's my ambition to become an artist. So, I decided to prove my talent in an innovative way and that passion induced me to successfully complete the task. The idea of forming the figure of Thiruvalluvar by writing 1,330 couplets sparked in my mind when I came to know that someone created the poet's portrait by pencil-sketch,\" said B Siva, a BA English literature graduate hailing from Balakrishnampatti in Thuraiyur taluk.Siva said, \"I started drawing from my 12{+t}{+h} standard though I was fascinated by drawing and painting right from my childhood. I sharpened my talents with regular practice. I got an opportunity to participate in an inter-collegiate competition held at the Thanjavur Medical College last year and won third prize. After the completion of my degree this year, I felt hapless as I had no one to help me pursue a course on painting.\"On Monday, he walked into the Trichy district collectorate to display the portrait of Thiruvalluvar that he made, to collector Jayashree Muralidharan during the grievance redressal day meeting with a hope of getting aid from the government to pursue a course on painting.However, since district revenue officer (DRO) T Thiagarajan chaired the meeting in the absence of the district collector, Siva submitted the work to the DRO and sought his financial help to help pursue his dream.Siva is the third son of K Beeman and B Vennila, daily wage labourers from Balakrishnampatti. Only last year, Beeman had died and it became even more difficult for the family to fend for themselves. The couple's two elder sons, K Selvakumar and K Senthilkumar had already discontinued their studies owing to poverty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382392", "title": "After respite, it's time to assess damage", "text": "JAIPUR: The rain accompanied by high velocity winds on Sunday caused a lot of damage in various parts of the city.Officials of various departments, including the police, were busy clearing the roads blocked by uprooted trees. In some places, parts of roads had caved in while old dilapidated buildings were razed to the ground.The 90km/hr strong winds uprooted several trees on the JLN Marg, Tonk Road and Malviya Nagar. No casualty was reported even as heavy water logging disrupted traffic on major intersections on Sunday. At some places, underground water logging damaged the cable lines; as a result, traffic lights did not work.\"Extra personnel were deployed to manage the traffic,\" a senior officer of the city traffic police said.Jaipur received up to 80 mm rainfall till 8.30 am on Monday. \"This includes 33.2 mm rain received on Sunday. Rain continued in and around Jaipur till early morning,\" said a Met official.According to the Jaipur met office, the rain is likely to intensify over the next few days in the southern and eastern parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382029", "title": "SC: Cops, doctors accountable for probe and post-mortem", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has decided to make investigating officers and doctors, who play crucial roles in criminal cases involving injury or murder, accountable for their decisions if it appears that there was a deliberate attempt to derail the probe or prepare false medical reports.While issuing notice to Uttarakhand's director general of police and director of health services to trace the sub-inspector who investigated a 27-year-old murder case and the doctor who conducted the post-mortem for action against them, a bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and F M I Kalifulla said, \"The investigating officer as well as the doctor who are dealing with the investigation of a criminal case are obliged to act in accordance with the police manual and the known cannons of medical practice.\"Justice Kumar, writing the judgment for the bench, said, \"An investigating officer is completely responsible and answerable for the manner and methodology adopted in completing his investigation. Where the default and omission is so flagrant that it speaks volumes of a deliberate act or such irresponsible attitude of investigation, no court can afford to overlook it, whether it did or did not cause prejudice to the case of the prosecution.\"The bench refused to give benefit to the accused of the deliberate mistakes committed by the investigating officer and the doctor in his post-mortem report and said, \"It is possible that despite such default/omission, the prosecution may still prove its case beyond reasonable doubt and the court can so return its finding. But, at the same time, the default and omission would have a reasonable chance of defeating the case of the prosecution in some events and the guilty could go scot-free.\"The case in hand pertained to a murder in a village in Udham Singh Nagar district in December 1985. The trial court and the high court ignored the deliberate mischief by the investigating officer and the doctor and convicted the accused. The apex court too dismissed their appeals but decided to take action against the sub-inspector and the doctor. It asked the Uttarakhand and UP governments to trace them and report to court what action had been taken against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15381992", "title": "PWD needs to get its act together", "text": "This is red tape at its worst. Mumbai will be getting 180 million litres of less water every day just because the public works department has sat on a BMC file for four years. All this comes at a time when you are being forced to do with less than your usual quota of water; it is this coincidence that makes the delay even more difficult to accept.Related story  :  PWD to blame for your water woes, says BMC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15383198", "title": "Stranded in China, Indian to visit home", "text": "BEIJING: One of the two stranded Indian traders, who were under a travel ban pending a trial over allegations of non-payment of dues to Chinese businessmen, has been granted permission for a month to visit his family in India following the death of his father. Indian officials here said Deepak Raheja has been granted temporary permission by the Chinese government to go home for a month to be with his family after his father's death last month.Raheja said that he planned to travel to his home town Hyderabad shortly. However, the permission is only for a month after which he has to return to face the legal proceedings. The Chinese government, however, declined to grant permission to Raheja's colleague, Shyam Sunder Agrawal, who wanted to visit his ailing wife in Mumbai.Agrawal has to wait for Raheja's return at Shanghai where they were put up, after their release from illegal custody of the local traders in Yiwu in January this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15386199", "title": "Apple iPad Mini leaked photos show no rear camera", "text": "LONDON: Leaked pictures of the much-awaited Apple iPad Mini suggest that the new tablet will be launched without a rear-camera, a report has said.Apple's rumoured latest device, which is likely to be released in September this year, is believed to be a seven-inch tablet.The removal of the rear-camera reflects a growing trend in the tablet market.Most models have contained a reasonable camera of around the five megapixel range, but the majority of users do not use their tablet as a portable camera.According to the Daily Mail the upcoming tablet will take on the bestselling Google Nexus tablet.Google removed the camera from the just-released Nexus 7 , which was seen as a cost-cutting move to bring the seven-inch tablet down to the 159 pounds range, the report said.Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was apparently set against a smaller iPad.But emails related to the ongoing Apple vs Samsung patent dispute showed that he apparently relented in the months before his death last year, the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15383824", "title": "Kalasa-Banduri will be my priority: Shettar", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar said he will take up the Kalasa-Banduri Nala project on priority and release adequate funds for the implementation of the Nanjundappa committee report on regional imbalance.\"I will do everything possible to ensure overall development of Hubli-Dharwad in particular and north Karnataka in general,'' said Shettar, who was overwhelmed by the civic honor he received from the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) in Hubli on Monday.Water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai, who too was felicitated on the occasion said he will extend support to Shettar in all his efforts to take up development works in north Karnataka region. Earlier, Dharwad MP Prahlad Joshi released the new emblem of the HDMC to mark its golden jubilee year.MLAs Chandrakanth Bellad, Seema Masuti, Veerabhadrappa Halharvi and Mayor Pandurang Patil were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385607", "title": "I\u2019d like to work with Anurag and Dibakar: Shadab Kamal", "text": "Just a month ago, Shadab Kamal shifted base from Kolkata to Mumbai. In between he went to Delhi to attend the first screening of \"BA Pass\" at the 12th Osian Cinefan Film Festival. Not even in his wildest dreams did he anticipate that he would bag the Best Actor award in the competitive section.But destiny had other plans for him. \"I didn't even stay back for the awards in Delhi. So, it was a pleasant surprise for me. My friends from Tin Can in Kolkata are thrilled with the news. There's so much of warmth in the way they have been modestly celebrating my win. I am moved.\"His director, Ajay Bahl, says Shadab had won the award for \"his ability to grow into the demanding role, for his transformative performance \u2014 restrained yet powerful \u2014 and also for his ability to adapt to extreme dramatic situations\".Shadab's film focuses on how society feeds on the weak and how the desper ate and the helpless do whatever they can to stay under the sun. \"The sexuality in the film is a sub-theme \u2014it is not a journey into sex and sexuality or an exploration of it. Just as a desperate, unemployed character might find himself in a criminal gang or in drug peddling, my character finds himself in the business of selling sex,\" he says.Doesn't he find it strange that the city's filmmakers never offered him any role? It's common for Kolkata directors to rue the absence of good actors here. \"I too never tried enough. In Kolkata, I have worked with theatre groups, including Tin Can, Theatrecian, Ranan, The Red Curtain and The Action Players. There are quite a few from my theatre circuit who are doing Bengali movies. I might not be able to speak Bengali fluently but I'm ready to learn.\" Does B'wood interest him? \"Yes, but I'm not that interested in commercial films. I'd like to work with Anurag Kashyap and Dibakar Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15383009", "title": "Affidavit filed in Amit Jethava murder case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Investigating Officer in the Amit Jethava murder case reiterated before the Gujarat high court that BJP MP from Junagadh \u2014 Dinu Bogha Solanki had nothing to do with the Amit Jethava murder case.In an affidavit filed, Surendranagar SP and the IO in this case - Raghavendra Vats told the court that no evidence was found that implicated the politician during the probe. He submitted that the call details were examined, but it is not possible to establish Solanki's involvement.Vats filed his voluminous probe report before the HC in February, giving a clean chit to the BJP MP, whose nephew Shiva alias Pratap Solanki is prime accused in the case. Jethava's father Bhikhalal had alleged that the politician had a role in the murder because the last PIL filed by the RTI activist was against Solanki's alleged illegal mining in the Gir sanctuary. The probe report, however, exonerates the politician in this matter too.Additional government pleader, Niraj Ashar said, \"The IO had already filed a report of his further probe. This affidavit was filed mainly to inform the court about the lines of investigation.\" A bench headed by justice D H Waghela had, in the past, posed certain questions on the manner in which the investigation was conducted.The court has scheduled further hearing for August 16, when the government pleader is expected to address the court. Bhikhalal's counsel made submissions highlighting how the probe was not complete and efforts were made to suppress the truth by recording incomplete statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15381448", "title": "Standing panel promotes Ghanbahaddur as assistant commissioner", "text": "AKOLA: The Akola Municipal Corporation in its standing committee meeting passed a resolution to promote Rajendra Ghanbahaddur to the post of assistant commissioner recently. Ghanbahaddur has been promoted to the coveted post from the post of accounts officer. Mayor Jyotsna Gawai and Nagar Sachiv GM Pande have signed the resolution. NCP corporator Ajay Ramteke was the proposer and BRP-BMS corporator Gajanan Gawai had seconded the resolution.Ghanbahaddur had entered into AMC as compounder of the AMC-run hospital. On December 10, 1998, the then standing committee had passed a resolution promoting Ghanbahaddur and since then step by step he was promoted to the post of assistant commissioner.However, the then municipal commissioner Dr Vipin Sharma, the then chief accounts auditor Dr WW Kharche and deputy commissioner Umesh Kothikar had told to the state government that the promotions given to Ghanbahaddur were illegal. Even the then opposition leader Bhausaheb Fundkar and Shiv Sena MLC Gopikishan Bajoriya too raised the issue in state legislature.Speaker Shivajirao Deshmukh told the House that the promotion given to Ghanbahaddur as assistant commissioner was cancelled on October 14, 2011, according to section 451 (1) of Bombay Municipal Corporation Act. Ghanbahaddur has really been demoted to the psot fo compounder but he has been reverted to accounts officer.However, sources said that since the matter is pending in high court, the proposers, mayor and others have made contempt of court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381080", "title": "Businessman murder case: Cops zero in on his friends", "text": "INDORE: Police have zeroed in on the friends of a businessman, Anees Thakur, who was murdered on August 4. The accused are absconding after the incident, SP Anil Singh Kushwaha said. He added that Anees himself was booked in two cases in Sagar district.According to the SP, names of Amit Yadav , a resident of Durga Nagar and Ankush alias Ankur Srivastava are emerging as the accused in the case. The police teams have been formed to trace the accused, he said.Kushwaha said it is too early to comment on the motive behind the murder. Prima facie, it appears to be a loot case. However, it will be confirmed only after any revelation by the family members or the accused.Anees, a native of Sagar, was found dead in his flat at Annapurna Nagar on Saturday. The police found his mutilated body when they broke open the door of his flat. They also noticed the mark of struggle on the walls in the room. Police said Anees' four-wheeler, parked outside the building, was also missing.The post-mortem report revealed that Anees was stabbed at least 50 times by the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382125", "title": "'Man from PoK is an Indian citizen'", "text": "MUMBAI: State advocate general Darius Khambata on Monday informed the Bombay high court that since the Parliament considers Pakistan-occupied Kashmir part of Indian territory, if Siraj Khan was born there, he would be an Indian citizen.Khambata made his submission before a bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and A R Joshi, which said in that case the criminal prosecution against him would have to go. Khambata said that would be correct, but provided the Centre agreed with its stand. The HC has now asked the Centre to give its say on whether POK is part of India and adjourned the matter by a week.Wadala resident Khan (27) had moved HC seeking his return home and his counsel Syed Ejaz Abbas Naqvi on Monday said his client had \"a natural right to visit his parents and hometown irrespective of the state and address. Unintentional entry into Indian territory by a juvenile cannot be an offence.\"Khan claims to be a native of Pak-occupied Kashmir, saying he was born in Manshera, but ran away from home as a nine-year-old. He lived in Delhi and eventually Mumbai, where he married and has children. He was arrested and booked in July 2009 under the Passport Act and the Foreign Citizen Act.\"First you register case against him and then you say he is considered as Indian citizen,\" the judges said and added that if the state said he is Indian then the charges that he is a foreign national would stand withdrawn. He had got bail in Janauary 2010. The matter will be heard in HC on August 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15381560", "title": "Teakwood smugglers strike in Murdoli forest", "text": "Gondia: Wood smugglers have struck again, this time in Deori forest. Earlier on July 30, forest officials had intercepted a van carrying teakwood from Nagzira forest.Sources said that the matter came to notice after forest officials discovered pieces of teakwood on the road near Murdoli forest. After that the officials searched the forest and found electric saws, generators and batteries near stumps of a few huge teak trees. It is suspected that the smugglers, under the cover of rain, had cut down and taken away the logs. The officials also found tyre marks near the stumps.This incident points towards the fact that smugglers are actively operating in these forests, may be in collusion with some forest officials.Deori range forest officer PM Deshmukh said, \"It is very difficult to check these activities in rainy season. This year it has been raining continuously for past few days and these people might have sneaked in unnoticed. On inspection it was found that they had cut down four trees. The smugglers have taken away three leaving behind the fourth one which they couldn't cut further.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383620", "title": "Cab driver killed by speeding BMW, one arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Speeding claimed another life in central Delhi when a 39-year-old school cab driver was hit by a BMW at the Tilak Marg crossing early on Monday morning . The victim, Mohammad Rafiq, had been a driver for 20 years. The BMW, being driven by an MBBS student, collided head on with Rafiq's Maruti Eeco at the crossing, catapulting him forwards. He tore through the windshield as his car rammed into the divider and caught fire.The 22-year-old student has been arrested. Rafiq, who lives in rented accommodation at Mandawali in east Delhi was returning home when the accident took place around 1.20am. The victim was looking after five children aged 3-13 years. Rafiq was the sole breadwinner of a family of eight.The accused, Ayush Arora , is a resident of Bhiwani. At present, he is staying at a hostel in Maulana Azad Medical College, and is undergoing his internship. The car is registered in the name of a trainee doctor at a government hospital. Rafiq's family has alleged that cops are not even allowing them to enter the Tilak Marg police station, tough they initially informed them that Ayush's driver was behind the wheel. \"We are being misled. We want justice for my husband,'' said Mehrumnisha , wife of the deceased.\"Rafiq was coming through Tilak Marg and going towards India Gate. Ayush , who was returning from a get-together , along with two other friends, from Mandi House side, rammed into the cab,\" said a senior police officer . The speeding BMW was crossing Bhagvan Dass Road, police said. While the Eeco turned towards Bhagvan Dass Road on the Supreme Court side before catching fire, the BMW fell on Tilak Marg stretch facing India Gate. A local PCR on patrol reached the spot. Rafiq was taken to LNJP Hospital, where he was declared dead on arrival. A water cannon was used to douse the fire that had engulfed the Eeco cab. Police apprehended the errant driver from the spot.A case of causing death by negligence under Section 304 (a) and rash driving under Section 279 of IPC has been registered. Ayush has been granted bail. Police are yet to contact Rafiq's family. Police said Ayush's medical test showed he was not under the influence of alcohol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385908", "title": "Amit Tandon on a mission", "text": "On his second visit to Lucknow to shoot for reality show, actor Amit Tandon made it clear that he was a man on a mission this time around in the city.\"The last time I was here, I had some excellent kebabs. So, obviously, they are on my list of things to try, but more importantly, I have strict instructions from my wife to get some Lakhnavi chikan kurtas for her and our daughter,\" he explained. But no chikan for the dude himself, for, \" Kurte mein body cover ho jati hai, and I love to show off my physique,\" Amit added.In fact, not just food and clothes, singer-turned-actor Amit was full of praises for Lucknow's janta. According to him, Lucknowites are a warm and receptive lot, polite to visitors, especially those from the Tinseltown like him. \"I love coming to this city because the people here are so warm when they meet you. This is quite a contrasting when compared to people in Delhi, or even Mumbai where I reside. They are cold and can even get unpleasant,\" Amit shrugged ruefully.The actor, who was in the city , added that he loves to try out new things. \"I love challenges. More importantly, I try to enjoy what I do. That is my key to success,\" he said. In fact, in quite a contrast to most other reality show participants, Amit said that he felt life had been fair to him since his \"Indian Idol\" days. He explained, \"Since I'm from New York, it was tough initially. But I'm happy that I'm here. Duniya mein Hindustan jaisi koi jagah nahi hai.\"Manmohan Singh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15382828", "title": "Malar Bonderam on August 18", "text": "St Mathias Sports Club will organize its traditional 'Malar Bonderam' festival on August 18, near the club house, Sao Matias-Divar, from 3 pm onwards. The highlights of the festival will be all Goa fancy dress competitions in senior and junior categories, coconut breaking contest, ward-wise floats and dances, flag march with a brass band and fireworks. Goa's top band Syndicate and DJ Suliman will be in attendance. William Anes will be the compere, while 'flying sound' will be provided by Assis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15381723", "title": "Sikhs protest killings in US gurdwara", "text": "PATNA: The Sikh community of the city has reacted strongly to the killings and abduction at the gurdwara in Wisconsin, US, during Sunday morning prayers.\"This incident is like the Jallianwala Bagh incident,\" said Charanjeet Singh, general secretary, Takht Sri Harmandir Saheb Patna Committee, adding, \"About 250 people protested this unfortunate incident by wearing black badges at the Harmandir Saheb gurdwara on Monday.\"Vice-president of the committee R S Jeet expressed concern, saying, \"An act of terror at a place of worship, be it temple, mosque or gurdwara, can't be tolerated. We are very saddened by the killing and abduction of innocent people.\"Jeet said, \"We have talked to our head in Delhi to meet the prime minister and ask for immediate arrest and punishment to those guilty of perpetrating such a heinous crime.\"Singh added, \"We request the Obama government to take immediate action, and also urge the governments of Bihar and India to demand of the US government to do the same, and tighten security arrangements so that such incidents are not repeated.\"\"This is not a matter concerning the Sikhs only across the world. Such an incident at any religious place is unforgivable,\" he said. He also demanded adequate compensation to the deceased and injured people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381536", "title": "BJP relieved, Congress restrained at disbanding of Team Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours after corruption crusader Anna Hazare dissolved his team BJP said, \"this was bound to happen\" and law minister Salman Khursheed termed it as \"part of growing up and moving ahead\".A relieved BJP leadership, which had visibly lost it to team Anna on cornering government on corruption on streets, said it would continue the fight against graft inside and outside Parliament. Party spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said it would be interesting to see how the proposed political outfit comes to existence. \"There are more than 500 parties and 36 of them are represented in Parliament as well. Everybody has a right to form a political party and contest elections,\" he added.Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley, who is a member of the select committee studying the Lokpal bill, said, \"We will fight for an effective Lokpal in Parliament. Our commitment is not dependent on seasonal agitations. Our resolve is not diluted by current developments.\"The dissolution of Team Anna came on a day when the group came under attack from JD(U) president Sharad Yadav at an all-party meeting called by the Lok Sabha Speaker. Sources said that Yadav complained that the MPs were being abused by Team Anna and what purpose the privilege motion served if action is not to be taken against them.Meanwhile, Congress spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury termed the disbanding of Team Anna as an \"internal matter\" of the group. \"We are neither unhappy nor happy. We have no opinion on his team,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15384345", "title": "Forest ministry transfers land for highway", "text": "KANPUR: Union forest and environment ministry had allowed the transfer of 36.795 hectares forest land for the construction of National highway number 86 from Kanpur to Kabrai in Hamirpur.Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal had made efforts for the transfer of land. The regional office of Union forest and environment ministry in Lucknow had okayed the transfer of land on August 3.Kanpur-Kabrai national high way is about 123 kilometres long. Construction of new railway bridge, renovation of six old big bridges and seven out of 14 small bridges, construction of seven new bridges and renovation of 107 underground drains is proposed in the highway project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15384398", "title": "Contaminated tap water leads to sickness in Jajmau", "text": "KANPUR: Poor sanitation had led to the spread of infectious diseases, skin and viral infections in the city. Tap water in most parts of the city is contaminated The condition is miserable in Jajmau where kids and elderly have fallen prey to skin and intestinal infections after drinking contaminated water.The residents of Jajmau came out on the roads on Monday to protest. They alleged that the kids in the localities in Jamau are falling sick after consuming contaminated water that is being supplied to the area. Six kids from two to seven years and several elderly people became sick in the last 10 days.The residents said that the majority of Jajmau area has been getting polluted water over the last six to seven months. The residents alleged that municipal authorities do not pay heed to their complaints.\"We get dirty water for the first 30 minutes of the supply and just when the clean water starts coming, the supply stops,\" said Afzal, a resident of Ompurwa.Dheerendra and Chirag said poor quality of potable water is being supplied in Jaggaipurwa and Lalbangla.Jajmau resident Radhika said that in the last one week, more than 50 residents had to be hospitalized after drinking contaminated.Irshad (2), Zahira (5) and Harshit (3) have recently fallen sick after drinking tap water. The residents alleged that skin infections are also on the rise.In the last survey of district health department, the Jajmau area was under red line. The chlorine level in potable water was found zero in this area.\"We have sent a list of areas found with zero level of chlorine to Kanpur Municipal Corporation and Jal Sansthan. This has been done in order to make them aware of the poor quality of water in the city,\" said a health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381410", "title": "Manila-based racketeer netted in Mumbai", "text": "NAGPUR: Gittikhadan police have got custody of a Manila-based fraudster after he was detained at Chhattrapati International airport in Mumbai by the immigration department on Sunday on his arrival from Manila. Bhavesh Chavan was produced before a lower court on Monday and has been remanded to police custody till August 8.Chavan, son of an employee from the income tax department, was made an accused in a case of forgery along with Mrigender Singh Sengar. They were accused of duping three youths to the tune of around Rs36 lakhs after promising them training as commercial pilots last year. A 'look out notice' had been issued against Chavan and Sengar to all immigration and airport authorities across the country after an offence was registered against them at Gittikhadan police station.Sengar and Chavan had lured complainant Sachin Dhomne and two others on the pretext of providing them flight training at a private institution at Manila in Philippines . Dhomne and his friends, after having landed in Manila last year, learnt that the local civil aviation authorities had black listed the firm, Aviation Link Asia Training Centre. Dhomne and his friend then approached the Indian embassy in Manila, but did not get a proper response. The victims finally managed to fly out of Manila without the knowledge of Sengar and Chavan.Dhomne and his friends approached crime branch at Nagpur with their grievance. After the probe, crime branch had registered an offence at Gittikhadan police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382476", "title": "Anti-Terrorism Squad intensifies search for Jaipur serial blasts accused", "text": "JAIPUR: The state Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) has intensified its search for the four absconding terror suspects of the Jaipur serial blasts of May 2008 as the possibility of the same module being involved in Pune blasts is not ruled out. Sources said that any of the four suspects associated with the IM terror outfit could be involved in the Pune blasts. These four suspects are wanted in the Jaipur serial blasts that claimed 71 lives and left nearly 150 injured in May 2008.\"We have intensified our efforts to trace the four terrorists after we were told by Maharashtra police that the same organization could be behind the serial blasts in Jaipur and Pune,\" said a senior police officer.The officer said that the police have received some sketches of suspects from the Pune police.There are several similarities between the blasts in Jaipur and Pune. \"It has come up that the bombs were prepared in almost exactly the same way. Besides, use of bicycle and home-made timer watches also suggest that the same group of terrorists could be involved in both the blasts,\" said the officer.The sources further said new bicycles were used in Pune, like in Jaipur serial blasts. \"These bicycles were bought from some shops in the Walled City. The bicycle shop owners are now prosecution witnesses in the ongoing trial against the terror suspects,\" the officer said.Officials said that information regarding progress on the investigation in the Jaipur serial blasts is being shared with Pune police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15383186", "title": "Gour Banga gets 10th controller in three years", "text": "MALDA: University of Gour Banga, which is hardly three and a half years old, recently got its 10th Controller of Examination (COE) after Sanatan Das, a junior teacher of the mathematics department, was appointed following a recommendation from the Trinamool Congress-backed academicians. However, COE's 'advisors' who were appointed from outside the university would continue with their job.It may be noted since the inception of this university in 2007, the university never had a permanent COE barring one. Senior teachers of different departments were used to take up the job as additional charge. Rajat Kishore De was the last one to be appointed as the COE. Meanwhile, Achintya Biswas took over the charge of vice-chancellor on May 14. Samar Mishra, working president of Trinamul Congress influenced Gour Banga Siksha o Sanskriti Unnayan Mancha, and Pallab Dasgupta, retired teachers of Malda College and Raigunj University College, were appointed advisors to the COE. It is learnt that De could not accept the advisors interfering his works.Citing his ailment, De resigned from his post and senior teacher Debabrata Debnath was given the charge of COE. On 2nd of this month, Das was formally appointed as the COE. Registrar of the university Madhab Adhikary justified the decision saying, \"De wanted release on the ground of his health and so his resignation was accepted.\" He further said that the process to recruit the permanent COE has started.Meanwhile, the schedule of the Part-2 exam for BA, B Sc (Hons) that was published recently has evoked a fresh controversy. The schedule shows that the exam that would begin on 8th of this month would continue till the third week of October. Students reacted sharply to this prolonged schedule.Prosenjit Das, leader of Chhatra Parishad described the schedule 'most unscientific' and said, \"Has not the university thought of the students while preparing the routine? When even the Higher Secondary schedule is being reduced to two weeks, how can a student take test for such a long time?\" He said CP would soon launch agitation against university on this issue.SFI district secretary Animesh Sinha was more scathing, \"Using the post of Controller of Examination in political interest, university is out to hamper the interest of the students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15383635", "title": "Fasting National College professors hospitalised", "text": "TRICHY: Even as two of the three fasting professors at the National College were hospitalised one after the other on Monday, the Association of University Teachers' (AUT) state president K Pandiyan said that the indefinite fast to force the management to revive the aided course of philosophy in the college would be continued by a single professor. However, the management stuck to its gun refusing to admit the two professors in the hospital and washing its hand off its responsibility over the illegal fast.Pandiyan said the condition of Dr T Seshasheey (56), deteriorated on Monday morning and he was admitted to a private hospital in Srirangam around noon, while the second professor S Gunasekharan (51) was admitted to the hospital at 9pm. He said Dr R Prabhakar (49) would continue the fast all alone, and if he too were to collapse, three more AUT members would continue the fast, he said.Meanwhile, regional joint director of collegiate education (RJDCE), Trichy, Ravishankar told TOI on Monday that a good news was in the offing by which he meant that the course would be restarted and a communication to that effect was on its way. \"This is what I got wind of, but the official order is expected on Tuesday morning.\" he said. \"In fact, I wanted to visit the fasting professors today (Monday), but I did not want to go there empty-handed,\" Ravishankar said referring to a likely order from the additional chief secretary for higher education T S Sridhar to restart the philosophy course.Furthermore, Pandiyan told TOI that around 40 AUT members of the National College would jump into an indefinite striking of work, if the problem was not resolved by Tuesday morning. The three professors launched their indefinite fast from August 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385519", "title": "Rii wants a role in The Mahabharata", "text": "When Rii attended the world premiere of Amitav Chakraborty''s \"Cosmic Sex\" at Delhi's Osian's Cinefan Film Festival, little did she know that she would win the Best Actress award there. But now that she has, the actor believes it will be a huge boost to the independent film movement.Says Rii, \"The film is nothing like \" Gandu \". People in Delhi watched \"Cosmic Sex\" and were moved by the content. They appreciated what the jury said \u2014 a haunting presence filled with poise and elegance that was required to justify my character of Shadhana to the fullest.\"So, what does this appreciation mean to the genre of films she has been associated with? \"All big festivals are looking out for micro-budget Indie films that don't fall under the category of Bollywood. I think people want to see films which push boundaries,\" she says.Such an award, suggests Rii, should also make the Bengal film fraternity acknowledge the underground independent movement of filmmaking. \"It should cooperate with the distribution process of this kind of moviemaking. Filmmakers like Amitav, Q and many others are serious and their efforts must be respected.\"While she is now busy doing the colour-correction for \" Tasher  Desh \", is B'wood a strict no-no for Rii? \"I'm open to good scripts. I don't wish to be stereotyped as someone who plays a sexually liberated woman. I'm not here to compete with a Poonam Pandey or Mallika Sherawat . I've to think of going to the next level. Maybe, I'd want to play a character from The Mahabharata.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381777", "title": "Versova case: Hunt on for pest control worker", "text": "MUMBAI: The Versova police team investigating the deaths of siblings Rameez and Rehab Chougle is now focusing its attention on tracing the pest control worker, Salim, who conducted treatment at the Chougle home on July 3 on behalf of a pest control firm that had just set up operations at Yari Road.The Chougles had asked for two bedrooms in their fifth-floor apartment at Panch Dhara to be fumigated for bedbugs on July 3 and had opted to wait before getting the entire house treated.Later that night, the siblings began suffering severe bouts of diarrhoea and vomiting. Rameez died around 1.30am on July 4, while his elder sister Rehab was shifted to hospital early in the morning. She died on July 5.Rehab's stomach wash report revealed she had ingested the deadly pesticide aluminum phosphide, allegedly after pest control treatment was carried out in the house.Cops found traces of a mysterious grey powder in the apartment, which they claimed was that chemical. They later said that the pest control contractor had purchased just one gram of aluminum phosphide from a retailer in Borivli. It is not clear whether a single tablet of pesticide weighs one gram or whether it came in powder form for it to be weighed in such minuscule terms.A panel of independent experts appointed to go into the cause of death has been unable to put a finger on the matter, saying a complete post-mortem on both bodies was needed before arriving at a decision. However, the corpses would need to be exhumed for that to be done, a step the police is unable to hasten owing to lack of evidence pointing to foul play. The holy month of Ramzan, which ends around August 22, precludes the possibility of exhumation for now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383076", "title": "District administration to list illegal buildings in fringe areas", "text": "PUNE: After a drive to remove illegal constructions in the Katraj-Ambegaon area in 2011, the district administration is preparing a list of constructions and buildings in the fringe areas that have come up in gross violation of the town planning rules and constructed without permissions from the respective gram panchayat.District collector Vikas Deshmukh said that those who took up the constructions, violating town planning rules, will face action. The remaining irregular constructions can be regularized after a fine depending on the nature of construction, he said.The administration's preliminary survey pegs the number of illegal constructions and encroachments in villages around Pune at about 8,000. Most constructions have come up in the last few years.The state government has appointed a three-member committee to find out the illegal constructions. Once the committee submits its report, which is likely to happen by August 15, an action plan will be announced, said Deshmukh.\"We will make separate lists of encroachments on government land and illegal constructions undertaken by private parties. It was observed that many people have failed to seek required permissions. We will also discuss issues pertaining to availability of additional manpower to deal with this issue,\" said Deshmukh.In the law there is a provision to regularize an illegal construction by imposing a fine. But if there is a gross violation of norms, the construction has to be razed.Deshmukh said that circle officers and tehsildars have been given detailed instructions on how to conduct a survey of illegal constructions. They have been asked to update the data pertaining to notices issued to the owners of illegal constructions and fine collected so far. An official from the administration said that areas like Haveli and Maval have too many illegal constructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15382398", "title": "Shadow of fear over US Sikhs", "text": "JALANDHAR: Fear is palpable among the NRI Sikhs in the US after Sunday's attack by a gunman on a congregation at Oak Creek gurdwara near Milwaukee in Wisconsin. Seven people were shot dead by an assailant identified as Wade Michael Page, who mowed down people before himself being shot down by cops.The Sikhs are particularly fearful that this may not be the last instance of them becoming a target of hate crimes even as the motive behind the attack is yet to be made public by the police or the FBI.Terrified residents are finding solace in the prompt intervention by the administration and police and the support from within the community. But panic creases their brows. \"We are bullied each day as vehicle drivers blow horn repeatedly at us. Some people also make objectionable gestures,\" said a resident.California resident Satnam Singh Chahal, who is also president of North American Punjabi Association, said Sunday's violence was a manifestation of hatred and prejudice against Sikhs. \"We have been harassed and humiliated especially after 9/11,\" he said.However, Chahal also finds fault in community organizations especially the managing committees of gurdwaras in the US. \"They are wasting millions of dollars on litigation while fighting for control over gurdwaras. But they barely invest in spreading awareness about the community,\" he said.\"We've been facing taunts from a section of locals,\" said Hardeep Singh Goldy who lives in New Jersey.Balwinder Singh of Nawanshahr in Punjab, and who lives in New York, said that even as Sikhs have been targets of racial attacks, the shootout has increased their insecurity. \"The US government should ensure that not only are wrong perceptions about our community dispelled, but gurdwaras are also provided requisite security,\" he said.However, former president of Sikh Centre in Houston and treasurer of American Gurudwara Parbandhak Committee Sampooran Singh said, \"Compare the reaction of US authorities with the Indian government's reaction in 1984 when thousands were butchered on the streets of Delhi in a span of three days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15382389", "title": "Wisconsin shooting: Sikh group declares reward for braveheart cop", "text": "AMRITSAR: A US-based Sikh rights group, Sikhs for Justice, on Monday announced a $10,000 award for the police officer who risked his life to defend the people in the shootout at a suburban Sikh gurdwara in Wisconsin . Seven people were killed as a gunman, identified as Wade Michael Page, went on a rampage on Sunday before being shot dead by cops.\"We commend the timely intervention of the police officer,\" said the group's legal advisor, Gurpatwant Singh Pannun. While announcing the award, the group held the Obama administration responsible for failing to protect minorities in the US. \"This despite their claims of protecting religious minorities across the world,\" said a spokesperson for Sikhs for Justice.The group will approach the US Commission on International Religious Freedom to suggest concrete measures to the Obama administration for protection of religious minorities. \"We are concerned about our safety especially after a spate of hate crimes against religious minorities since September 11, 2011,\" said the spokesperson.\"The attacks have cultivated a deep sense of insecurity among the American Sikh community,\" said Pannun, adding that the group will approach gurdwaras across North America to create a trust fund to prevent future hate crimes against the community. \"We will also spread awareness on the principles of Sikhism,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15382139", "title": "Terrorists issue fresh threats to Kashmir journalists", "text": "SRINAGAR: Terrorists have issued fresh threats to journalists and media houses in Kashmir warning them against projecting \"the struggle of Kashmiris in a negative way\".A local news agency reported that newspaper offices in Srinagar received a hand-written letter on Wednesday that accused \"some media men\" of \"working on the payrolls of the state and Indian government machinery\" and warned \"of strict action for anti-freedom movement journalism\".One Abu Irfan has issued the letter. \"We warn journalists to mend their ways or face dire consequences,\" it said. The letter warned editors against ignoring the warning and asked them to publish it in their newspapers.Earlier, KNS reported that members of eight little-known terrorist groups met under the chairmanship of of Lashkar-e-Taiba's Abdullah Ghaznavi and warned journalists \"to remain away from security agencies and police officers\" . Journalists were warned against \"strengthening the occupation and instead highlight the pain and suffering of Kashmiris due to oppressive state-sponsored policies\" at the meeting, it reported.IGP (Kashmir range) S M Sahai said the threat cannot \"be taken seriously\" as \"nobody from the media fraternity had approached the police\".Earlier, seven militants groups had warned Kashmir-based journalists and owners of local newspapers against \"interest-based biased reporting\" in March. But the groups had withdrawn the threat after separatist leaders like Syed Shah Geelani protested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381663", "title": "Free saplings for government departments in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: It is the state government's dream project to plant a 100 crore trees in the state. Giving an impetus to this dream, the forest department has decided to provide free saplings to government departments.A government resolution has said that saplings from the forest department nurseries run under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme will be given to government departments without any charges for planting under the 100 crore tree plantation project.Nagpur forest department has 40 lakh saplings in its 35 nurseries which will be available to various government offices free of charge. The government offices can contact the range forest officer (RFO) in order to get as many saplings as they need.Also, the government offices which wish to take advantage of free sapling facility of the forest department have to submit a bond specifying that the saplings have been acquired to plant them under the 100 crore tree plantation project, and that they will be preserved and conserved. The bond will have to be submitted to the respective RFO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15383527", "title": "Graduation Part I exams begin in Lohardaga", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The first day of undergraduate Part One examination for arts, science and commerce students went off peacefully in Lohardaga's only constituent college on Monday.The examination began with MIL (hindi) for science students with 79 students and 10 remaining absent. More than 3,000 students are appearing for the examination. The college administration is concerned over lack of classrooms to make sitting arrangements for the students. The college has only 10 classrooms, including six small rooms with a capacity of 40 students each.Principal Lohra Oraon said: \"August 8 and 31 will be challenging days for us as students of the arts stream will write their papers. We are making arrangements to conduct all the exams on verandas, laboratories of all departments and common rooms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381105", "title": "Admission policy sole discretion of schools: Madhya Pradesh high court", "text": "INDORE: The Indore bench of the Madhya Pradesh high court has turned down admission of one Ashima Baig in Class VI of St Raphael's school on the ground for failing to abide by the school norms.A division bench of Justice Shantanu Kemkar and Justice Prakash Shrivastava passed the order on a writ appeal which challenged a single bench's previous order directing the school to give admission to the student. The single bench order came on a petition filed by the parents of the ward.In its order, the division bench quoted article 12 of the constitution and ruled that the admission rights was in favour of St Raphael school and the admission policy remains the sole discretion of any institution and would not be affected or prejudiced by legal interventions.\"However, the parents may be allowed to approach the school management for consideration but the school reserves the right to accept or reject it,\" the order said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15383828", "title": "CM tells officials to give accurate reports on drought", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Monday said strict instructions had been given to all the officers involved in drought relief work to visit the affected areas falling in their jurisdiction and give an accurate report about the severity of the drought.Speaking to reporters after attending a review meeting of drought relief works taken up in Dharwad district, Shettar said officers should visit affected areas to take the stock of situation instead of giving mere statistics about the drought situation.\"I expect every officer to visit drought-affected area and give me clear picture. I have even asked the deputy chief ministers to review the drought relief works. I have already visited Koppal and plan to visit Bijapur soon to check on the implementation of relief works,\" he added.Listing out the measures taken by the government to tackle drought in state, he said the government had taken a decision to waive crop loans of up to Rs 25,000 taken by the farmers in cooperative banks.\"There is also a plan to pressure the central government to waive crop loans taken by farmers in nationalized banks. I will soon send a proposal to the union agricultural minister in this regard,\" he saidWhen asked about cloud seeding in the state, the chief minister said: \"Though there were doubts about the success of cloud seeding among the leaders of the opposition party, we have decided to carry out cloud seeding. The irrigation department has been given the responsibility of finalizing the formalities to carry out cloud seeding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383011", "title": "Water cuts in parts of Pune on Thursday", "text": "PUNE: Parts of city will not get water on Thursday as repair work on water pipelines is being carried out. Water supply on the following day will be delayed and at low pressure.The areas that will be affected are: Hadapsar area: Ram tekdi, Vaiduwadi, Solapur Road, Hadapsar, Malwadi, Mhetre mala, Saswad road, Magarpatta road till Kirtane baug, Sasanenagar, Sayyednagar, Hadapsar industrial estate, Shindevasti, Jahangirnagar, Bhimnagar, Milindnagar, Shirke Company area, Bharat Forge.Parvati waterworks area: All Peth areas, Dattawadi, Rajendranagar, Lokmanyanagar, Deccan, Shivajinagar, Swargate, Parvati darshan, Mukundnagar, Parvati village, Sahakarnagar, Satara road, Padmavati, Bibvewadi, Taljai, Katraj, Dhankawdi, Indiranagar, Karve road to SNDT area, Erandwana, Kothrud, Dahanukar colony, Karvenagar, Law College area, Pashan, Chatushrungi, Mithanagar, Shivnerinagar, Bhagyodayanagar, Dnyaneshwarnagar, Saibabanagar, Kondhwa khurd, Parvati and Padmavati tanker filling centres.Cantonment waterworks area: Cantonment, Pune station area, Mula road, Koregaon Park, Tadiwala road, Race Course area, Wanowrie, Kondhwa, Muhammadwadi, Kalepadal, Mundhwa, Yerawada, Vishrantwadi Nagar road, Kalyaninagar, Maharashtra Housing Board colony, Wadgaonsheri, Chandannagar and Kharadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15385597", "title": "Gurdwara shooter was leader of racist band, attended hate events", "text": "NEW YORK: The 40-year-old ex-army veteran who killed six people at a gurdwara in the US regularly attended hate events, was an ardent believer in the white supremacist movement and was associated with rock bands whose violent music talked about murdering Jews and black people.Wade Michael Page was shot and killed by a police officer in the parking lot of the Oak Creek gurdwara after he wounded another police agent and killed six persons as the preparations were underway for Sunday morning prayers.According to the profile of Page that has emerged through people and civil organisations which monitored his actions, he was a \"frustrated neo-Nazi\" who had been the leader of a racist white-power band known as 'End Apathy'.Director of Southern Poverty Law Center's intelligence project Heidi Beirich told the Milwaukee-Wisconsin Journal Sentinel that her group had been tracking Page since 2000, when he tried to purchase goods from well-known hate group National Alliance.Beirich said there was \"no question\" Page was an ardent follower and believer in the white supremacist movement.She said her center, which had studied hate crimes for decades, had evidence that Page attended \"hate events\" around the country.Page had once said in a 2010 interview posted on the website of the record company Label56 that his music was about \"how the value of human life has been degraded by tyranny.\"Mark Potok, a senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center said in a New York Times report that the music that comes from the kind of bands Page was affiliated with is \"incredibly violent, and it talks about murdering Jews, black people, gay people and a whole host of other enemies.\"In the interview posted Label56's website, Page talks about going to an annual white-supremacist festival 'Hammerfest' and said he played in various neo-Nazi bands, including 'Blue Eyed Devils'.One of the songs by the band includes the lines, 'Now I'll fight for my race and nation/Sieg Heil!' Author and analyst on counterterrorism JM Berger said Page \"clearly had a history with the white supremacist movement.\"Another song by a band that Page played in refers to words like \"our race war\" and \"What has happened to America/That was once so white and free.\"According to the SITE Monitoring Service, which follows white supremacist trends, Page had an extensive presence on Hammerskin and other white nationalist websites, including 'Stormfront'.The 2010 interview also reveals Page as a man who felt he was holding himself back when it came to accomplishing \"positive results... in our sick society.\"He said his band's songs \"vary from sociological issues, religion and how the value of human life has been degraded by being submissive to tyranny and hypocrisy that we are subjugated to.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15384777", "title": "Srimannarayana audio songs released", "text": "The songs release function of Natasimha Nandamuri Balakrishna's forthcoming movie \"Srimannarayana\" was a grand affair. The music launch of the much awaited film took place yesterday (August 6) at HICC amid enthusiastic fans.The high profile event saw almost the entire cast and crew of Srimannarayana including Balakrishna, Isha Chawla, Ramesh Puppala, Ravi Chavali, Chakri , and several others turn up.Speaking on this occasion, Balakrishan said, \"I'm playing the role of a Journalist, and this is one of those unique roles that has several shades. Ravi Chavali has handled a script very well and the entire unit did a great job to complete the film way before hand. Chakri's music is another asset to the film and I thank him for the beautiful tunes.\"The surprise package is undoubtedly Balayya's son Mokshagna presence at the event. Generally, Balakrishna's family members seldom appear in public functions but this time the actor brought his son to the launch ceremony and both posed for the shutterbugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15381679", "title": "STPs to be upgraded for cleaner sewage", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has decided to upgrade the two sewage treatment plants in the city to improve the quality of treated sewage and reduce the amount of pollutants discharged.The plants, which now use the UASB (up flow anaerobic sludge blanket) technology, will shift to the new sequential batch reactor (SBR) technology, approved by IIT Roorkee. The board of the Noida Authority has also given the go-ahead in a recent meeting.The upgradation of the plants - one of 34MLD capacity at Sector 50 and the other of 27MLD at Sector 54 - will cost around Rs 100 crore and the budget allocation for the project has already been approved by Authority CEO Sanjiv Saran.Noida generates 100MLD of sewage from domestic waste water every day, besides about 18MLD of industrial waste. The plants can now treat around 75MLD.According to Authority officials, the upgradation will not only guarantee a clean environment and ensure better quality of treated water but also stop the use of groundwater for irrigation as the treated waste water will be diverted for such purposes. The plants will also be able to treat more waste.Earlier last year, the SBR technology was introduced at the Sector 54 plant on a trial basis. It was found that the technology had led to a significant difference in water quality. The biological oxygen demand (BOD), one of the most common measures of pollutant organic material in water levels, had also almost halved.\"Tests done by the pollution control board revealed that levels of organic pollutants in water had gone down drastically with the introduction of the new technology. Thus, we have decided to upgrade both the plants to the SBR technology,\" Saran said.\"The SBR plant requires one-ninth of the space required by the UASB system and its latest technology allows removal of phosphorous and nitrogen, besides the odour,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15383593", "title": "Near blackout in Kutch, Saurashtra transmission lines fail", "text": "RAJKOT: In a grim reminder of the recent blackout in north India, major rural areas of Saurashtra and Kutch reeled under power failure for two to six hours from midnight to Mondady afternoon after a fault in the transmission lines in many places.According to Gujarat Energy Transmission Corporation Limited (GETCO), which supplies power to Paschim Gujarat Vij Company Ltd (PGVCL), 23 of the total 34 sub-stations of 220KV in Saurashtra and Kutch were affected, resulting in the power failure. At least 300 villages were affected.The transmission lines were affected in Anjar and Nakhatrana in Kutch as well as those in Jetpur-Hadala, Jetpur-Amreli and Choraniya-Amreli. According to officials, the dry and dusty weather in the region badly affected the transmission lines. Electricity was snapped around 1 am on Monday. Different areas experienced electricity failure at different times throughout the day.PGVCL officials said that the power was restored completely in most places by Monday evening. \"As soon as the power failure occurred in our sub-stations, we ensured that there was no complete black out. We also ensured a regular power supply in all residential areas of rural as well as urban, industrial and commercial areas in the region. However, we had to cut down power supply for two hours in agriculture in order to manage the situation,'' S B Raval, managing director, PGVCL told TOI.\"We are hopeful that the technical snags will be repaired completely in association with GETCO,'' said Raval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15383125", "title": "Cheats lure people with job offers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With over 80 million fake profiles on a leading social networking site worldwide, nearer home, the Chandigarh police is also seeing complaints regarding bogus profiles on the site. In a new trend, cyber criminals are creating forged accounts of leading companies, promising jobs, business opportunities and are also sending spam mails to people about their having won lotteries.Chandigarh police's cyber crime cell has received complaints from people, who complained that certain people had tried to befool them through fake profiles of leading multi-national companies.\"We are getting complaints regarding bogus facebook profiles of various companies. This is a new trend and these profiles have been created by cheats, who are trying to target innocent people. They are promising them jobs or sending congratulatory spam mails regarding winning of lotteries. These all are attempts to con the common man and dupe him of his hard-earned money,\" said inspector Sri Parkash, who heads the cyber crime cell of the Chandigarh police.\"A fraudster can create these profiles from any cyber cafe from any part of the country, so it is really difficult to nab the culprits. But our investigations are on and we are looking into various complaints,\" he added.There are cases of youngsters trying to malign the image of their former colleagues or old friends through fake accounts, while some people are also trying to trap people in lottery scams, cricket betting or fake degree rackets through such fake profiles.Chandigarh police had got over 65 complaints of fake facebook profiles in 2011, while this year by mid-July, the number was around 35.Police said that maximum cases of fake profiles on the social networking site involved accused working in different IT companies, while majority of the victims were females. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15382253", "title": "Sikh NGO in touch with US authorities over Gurdwara attack", "text": "AMRITSAR: United Sikhs, a US-based Sikh NGO, on Monday said that it has alerted the community over the attack on the Wisconsin Gurdwara and asked it to inform law enforcement agencies and the NGO about any suspicious activities.United Sikhs director Jatinder Singh told TOI that the NGO is in constant touch with the White House, the FBI and local law enforcement agencies over the attack. He said they had also received a message from the White House that said the US President \"was alerted to the shooting incident in Wisconsin and continues to be updated by federal law enforcement agencies\". \"We will keep you posted,\" the message said.Jatinder Singh said the shooting is \"a very disturbing news for the entire Sikh American Community and the Sikh diaspora worldwide\".Seven people, including a priest, were killed in a shootout during a morning prayer service at the Gurdwara on Sunday.United Sikhs office-bearer Manwinder Singh said the act of terror has shocked the community and they are counting on law enforcement agencies to make a statement soon to reassure the community.The Hindu community in US has expressed solidarity with Sikhs. Universal Society of Hinduism president Razan Zed urged Hindus worldwide to offer prayers for the victims and their families. \"It was a senseless and shocking violence on a group of worshippers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15382885", "title": "Time for me to give back to Shimla: Anupam Kher", "text": "SHIMLA: Bollywood star Anupam Kher, in association with the Gaiety Dramatic Society, is all set to hone the acting skills of Shimla youth in the \"Mecca of theatre: Gaiety,\" through a month-long acting workshop here, which began on Monday at the historic theatre.Promising to shape up the theatrical skills of 38 youngsters, including 17 girls, and teach them the nuances of theatre under the aegis of his acting school, Kher took the first class in the workshop. \"It is time to give back Shimla what I took from it. That would be through the medium of education on theatre,\" he said.Reminiscing his theatre journey from Shimla, Kher said, \"I had dabbled in acting on stage at Lady Irwin School at Phagli in Shimla in class five in the play 'Prithvi Raj Chauhan' and performed the first play 'Balidan' at the Gaiety theatre when I was in college and played the role of a police officer.\"Kher said that he would like to incorporate Himachali folk theatre and dance forms in the plays and in the workshops as the state has a rich repository of theatre forms like Kariyala. \"Though it is best possible to imbibe them in their reinvented forms as many theatre stalwarts like Habib Tanwar and Mohan Agashe too have incorporated folk forms of Chattisgarh and Tamasha of Maharashtra in their reinvented avatars in plays like Charan Das Chor and Ghasi Ram Kotwal respectively, which have earned international accolades as well,\" he said.Himachal is bestowed with natural splendour and has unbelievable locations which have been hardly capitalized in the films, the actor said. \"I would like to work in collaboration with the tourism and culture department of HP to project the state on a wider scale and would make short advertisements to promote the state.\" He added that there is no dearth of talent in HP. \"Along with training, we should produce works also and it can be possible if we have a separate channel for HP where actors can showcase their skills,\" he said.Speaking about his passion for theatre, Kher said, \"I am desirous of holding an international festival in India to take Indian talent to the global level.\" He said that theatre festival of Scotland is recognized as the best in the world and that we can reach its levels of standard. Terming himself as an eternal optimist. he added, \"We can at least make a beginning and this dream could be translated into reality by next year. I have cut down tremendously on my work to actualize this dream,\" he said.Speaking about the global expansion of his acting school, he said they are planning to hold theatre workshops in Singapore and that an acting school in Sri Lanka is in the pipeline.Visiting the hometown after a gap of two months, the actor said, \"I miss my father in the city most and feel incomplete without him.\" Kher had been in Shimla in May for the ashes immersion ceremony of his late father Pushkarnath in his hometown and had instituted an award in his father's name. Kher added that he would like to open a theatre academy to give impetus to theatrical activities and revive theatre movement in Shimla and refresh memories of his father and his association with the hilly state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381553", "title": "Ultimatum to Starbus operator to fix windowpanes", "text": "NAGPUR: Better late than never. The Starbus operator Vansh Nimay Infraprojects Private Ltd (VNIL) has been given 15 days ultimatum to ensure that the broken windowpanes of all the buses are replaced in order to prevent any inconvenience to the commuters especially during the ongoing monsoon. Also, VNIL has been directed to ply 382 Starbuses within a period of one month. The Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited (NMPL) officials passed these directives in the maiden meeting of project management unit (PMU) held on Monday.TOI, in its Monday edition , had reported how 80% of Starbuses were plying with either broken or no windowpanes.PMU was formed in July to improve the city bus service. It will meet once in a month to review the services and also ascertain whether its directives are being implemented.The NMPL officials including the executive director and assistant commissioner of Dharampeth Zone Mahesh Moroney, chief accounts and finance officer Madan Ghadge and administrative officer Ravindra Page, and three officials from Urban Mass Transit Company (UMTC), which is roped in to look after Starbus operation by Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services Limited (IL&FS;), were present in the meeting.Sources told TOI that the number of Starbuses plying on the road was also a topic of discussion. UMTC officials said that about 280 of the total 470 buses were conducting service. But NMPL officials refuted the figure and said that only 240-250 buses are plying. VNIL has been directed to ply 90% of its total fleet every day according to the norms within a month. There are a total of 470 buses of which VNIL pointed out that 45 are completely non-functional, said the sources.A senior NMPL official said that VNIL has been also asked to ensure that all the buses are cleaned regularly. \"UMTC officials objected to NMPL's directive citing unavailability of land to develop the washing centre. But NMPL have directed them to build the washing centres on the lands handed over to VNIL at four locations in the city. The on going controversy over revenue issue too was discussed during the meeting. VNIL has sought time up to August 15 to clear the issue,\" he said.In fact, the NMC had to ensure Intelligent Transportation System (ITS) in all the buses sanctioned by the Central government under JNNURM. The ITS was basic condition prescribed by the JNNURM. Under the ITS, NMC was to install surveillance cameras in all buses that too connected online. Passenger information system, display boards inside the buses to give information about the next stop and other systems. But the NMC failed to implement the ITS even after passing of three years of receiving 240 buses sanctioned under JNNURM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15382629", "title": "Businessman held for defaulting on provident fund dues", "text": "VADODARA: In a stern message to the employers defaulting on provident fund (PF) contributions, the Employees Provident Fund Organization (EPFO) arrested a businessman and handed him over to the police. The businessman, who owns a factory in Halol, had defaulted on lakhs of rupees and wasn't keen to pay up. The EPFO's stringent action had its effect as the defaulter paid up the money soon.According EPFO officials, Rajiv Suraiya of EZY Slide Fasters wasn't making regular contribution to the PF fund as an employer. Suraiya was arrested some days ago and was handed over to the police. EPFO officials said that they have the authority to arrest a defaulter. 'Suraiya was later released after liquidation of total amount of PF dues in arrears on account of dues, damages and interest to the tune of Rs 10.28 lakh,' a release from EPFO stated.The EPFO has launched a special drive from August 1 to recover PF dues from defaulting employers. In last few days, the authorities have already recovered over Rs 2.68 crore from the defaulters.EPFO officials said they will act against the defaulters that would include attachment of bank accounts, attachment of movable and immovable properties, sale of attached properties, arrest and detention in civil prison and FIRs under IPC section 406/409.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15382769", "title": "25% management quota to be reviewed: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar who is also the education minister told the house that the government will review the policy regarding permission for management quota in private management institutions from next academic year.Replying to the calling attention motion moved by Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar, Parrikar said, \"We will review the 25% management quota. Only responsible management will be entitled.\"Mamledar in his calling attention motion raised the issue of fear and anxiety in the minds of parents and students against the demands for donations for admissions in P E S College at Farmagudi, Ponda, and questioned what action the government intends to take in the matter.He also pointed out that this college was built on government land and demanded that the government manage the institution. He also said that there are many irregularities and demanded that the government appoint an administrator.Parrikar said that he's willing to conduct an inquiry provided he receives a written complaint on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15383502", "title": "Ageing mothers at the mercy of tormentor sons", "text": "RANCHI: Elderly women are increasingly becoming soft targets of torture at home. They are being harassed by their near and dear ones mostly for property. Needless to say, a growing sense of insecurity is gripping them at a time when they should have been walking happily into the sunset.The police said every 15 days they are receiving four to five such complaints. They added that most of these women are widows and live in houses bequeathed to them by their husbands. Sometimes, aged couples also seek their help.Phulmani Devi (name changed), 67, has been making the rounds of the women's police station for days asking its officials to convince her son not to trouble her.Phulmani has three sons, while two live separately and send her money every month for her upkeep, the third and the youngest lives with her. Though he lives in a separate floor, he makes his mother's life miserable. \"He has taken over the shop which was in the name of my husband. In return, he gives me neither monetary nor emotional support. On the contrary, he keeps disconnecting my water and electricity connections,\" said the mother.She feels he is doing this to gain legal control over the house. \"The house is in my name and he wants me to transfer it to him. In that I will be depriving my other two sons of their rights. If I get scared and do transfer the name, he might just throw me out of the house,\" feared Phulmani.Sometime back, Nageshwari Devi also came to the police station with a similar tale of torture. Her son had an inter-caste marriage. After the wedding, he started bothering the parents to transfer the house in his name. When she refused, her daughter-in-law filed a case against her and her husband at the SC/ST police station claiming they were torturing her.The officer-in-charge of the women's police station, Shila Toppo said, \"Nageshwari Devi's husband fell ill after the case was filed. He is currently being treated in Pune. We have summoned both parties for counselling.\"In the past few months, such cases have increased, said Toppo. \"We get almost five to six such cases every 15 days. Most of these cases are related to property,\" she said.The officer felt that youngsters are giving too much important to wealth accumulation than to emotions. \"I would request youngsters not forget their culture and tradition. Even parents need to give equal importance to sons and daughters. Girls always stand by their parents no matter what the situation,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381185", "title": "Ditched by her live-in partner, woman struggling for justice", "text": "INDORE: Even after getting recognition from the apex court of the country, live-in relationship still happens to be a taboo in Indore. Ditched by her live-in partner, a city woman is struggling hard to avail her legal rights. Turned down by the city cops and even by the Women and Child Welfare department, the 21-year-old woman now plans to sit on protest right in front of the collectorate.Poonam Sharma claimed she met Ravi Sharma, now an engineering student in a local college, in 2008 during a coaching class. \"We fell in love and lived together for a year at Sirpur Talab at Khandwa Road. Now Ravi is refusing to accept me,\" she said.During the period, Ravi's family members including his mother, maternal uncle and his cousins came to meet them several times and had assured that they will be married soon, Poonam claimed. \"Ravi's mother invited both of us to Ashok Nagar on June 23 and they left me there. After waiting for few days, when I tried to contact Ravi, he refused to identify me,\" she said.In pressure of her family members and with Ravi's suggestion, she got married to one Sonu in Delhi in 2011. \"I made no physical relationship with Sonu and after spending eight days with him, I returned to Indore with Ravi. We then lived together for over a year,\" Poonam said.Ditched, Poonam met several officials to lodge complaint but to no avail. Even Vishal Nadkarni, an officer at Women and Child Welfare department called Ravi and tried to counsel him but things didn't change. The woman then approached police. \"Chandan Nagar cops were earlier willing to lodge a complaint but refused once they met Ravi's family,\" she said accusing the cops of taking bribe from Ravi's family. She also claims to have met several senior officials of the police department.Drawing parallels between a similar case reported in the city in the recent past, Poonam sought to know how the police can register a case in the previous incident and refuse it in her case. Poonam is the elder sister among three in her four siblings and her father is a preist with a local temple. Her family members have broken all relations with her, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15383045", "title": "478 fined for using dark tinted glass in vehicles", "text": "In a special drive against the use of tinted glass in cars and vehicles, the traffic police have fined the owners of 478 vehicles over the last two days. A fine of Rs 51,500 was collected from the traffic violators.In the last seven months, the traffic branch has taken action in 3,707 cases and has collected a fine of Rs 3.97 lakh from the owners of vehicles with tinted glass. As per the rules, the use of dark, black or reflective glasses in vehicles is not permitted. The Supreme Court too has issued orders that the use of black film or any other material is not permitted on the windscreen and side windows of vehicles. Only company-fitted tinted glass is permitted, with 70 % visual transmission of light for windscreen and rear window, and 50 % visual transmission of light for the side windows. The traffic police has appealed to motorists not to use dark tinted glasses.Rickshaw union delegation meets collector: A delegation of the Rickshaw Panchayat, the largest union of autorickshaw drivers in the city, met district collector Vikas Deshmukh on Monday to discuss the shortage of CNG at the refilling centres in the city. The delegation told Deshmukh that autorickshaw drivers were facing problems due to non-availability of CNG. They said that no new refilling centres have come up in the city in the last six months. Rickshaw Panchayat convener Nitin Pawar said that Deshmukh has called a meeting to discuss the issue on August 10. Pawar said autorickshaw drivers would hold a strong agitation if CNG supply is not increased in next few days.BSNL's customer service centre upgraded: Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL), Pune, has upgraded its customer service centre at Shivajinagar. The telecom facilities provided at this centre include bill collection through cheques and cash.The centre is on the premises of the BSNL telephone exchange near the meteorological department in Shivajianagar. Following this, the customer services centre at Savarkar Bhavan will be closed from August 8. For details, contact on 25539200, 25521144, 25538900.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15383857", "title": "Now, headbang to vedic chants", "text": "MANGALORE: As the city recovers from the trauma of the brutal attack on young revellers, Art of Living (AoL) is striving to provide a soothing touch to the scarred GenNext by organizing a 'Vedic rock concert'.With high energy Vedic rock music and popular Bollywood numbers, the band hopes to create awareness among youth against drug and alcohol abuse, at Milagres Hall here on August 18.Sathvik Heights, led by rock singer Ankit Batra from Delhi, will take young minds on a spiritual journey through high energy rock music. During the concert, being organized by YES+ (Youth Empowerment Seminar) and Volunteer4BetterIndia, initiatives of the AoL Foundation, youths who have rendered exceptional service to Mangalore society will be felicitated.\"With a view to promote drug and alcohol-free society, Volunteer4BetterIndia will present the 'Youth Achievers Award'. Colleges and companies can send their nominations for the award,\" AoL media coordinator BN Radhakrishna Rao told TOI.Nominations for the award should reach the organizers before August 8. \"The jury will select three deserving persons from the nominations based on the service activities undertaken, personal interview and recommendation letter,\" Rao said.More details can be had from www.mloreyesplus.wordpress.com or call 9844866453/ 9343565455.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381938", "title": "Sushilkumar Shinde to visit J&K; to review security situation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde will visit Jammu and Kashmir later this week to review the security situation.He is expected to be in J&K; on August 10 and 11. He will meet governor N N Vohra, chief minister Omar Abdullah and senior state government and security officials.The new home minister, who took charge of the ministry last week, is also expected to review a host of development schemes being implemented in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15383534", "title": "CU to amend its rules to help self-financing colleges", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a move that is likely to spark new controversies, the Calicut University has decided to give permanent affiliation to self-financing colleges under it. Currently there are 248 self-financing college under the varsity, which are given temporary affiliation on a year-on-year basis based on report submitted by the syndicate inspection committee.The decision was taken at a meeting of the top varsity authorities and representatives of the self-financing colleges held on Monday. These colleges have for long been pushing for permanent affiliation status as it would enable them to seek financial assistance and benefits from agencies like the University Grants Commission (UGC).Currently the colleges have to pay affiliation fees of Rs 10,000 per course. Affiliation fee has been a major revenue source for the varisty, which collected crores of rupees last year from the colleges.The meeting entrusted the syndicate to frame detailed guidelines and eligibility for granting permanent affiliation to the colleges.Syndicate member R S Panikkar said the managements today submitted their suggestions on the criteria for eligibility for granting permanent affiliation.\"The proposal would have to be vetted by the syndicate, the senate and the academic council. The statutes of the varsity would have to be changed as there is no provision to grant permanent affiliation as of now,\" he said.Vice-chancellor Dr M Abdul Salam, pro vice-chancellor Prof K Raveendranath and nine syndicate members attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15383389", "title": "Low prey density plagues Sunderbans: Study", "text": "KOLKATA: On a day when the Sunderbans tiger, being treated at the Alipore Zoological Garden, was diagnosed with starvation, a Wildlife Institute of India (WII) report has put the prey base inside the Sunderbans Tiger Reserve (STR) under lens.The progress report of the study for 2011, titled 'Population Estimation And The Ecology Of Tigers In Sunderbans Tiger Reserve' - being done jointly by WII, National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) and the STR - has pegged very low prey density in Sajnekhali and the west range of STR.WII's scientist Y V Jhala said that a total of 187 kilometres of boat transects were carried out between February and May to get an idea about the prey density based on the visual detection of animals. \"Each boat transect was repeated for a minimum three times and a maximum six times. Prey density along the creeks surveyed in Sajnekhali and west of STR is comparatively low with only 13.3 chitals (deer) per square kilometres,\" said the report. Taking in to account the entire 2500 square kilometres of STR area, the number of deer, considered the major prey for tigers, will be a little over 30,000. \"This prey density is very low considering the huge area of Sunderbans,\" added Jhala.It may be noted that a study by scientists Ullas Karanth and George Schaller has said that there is always a natural balance between the prey and number of tigers. And 500 deer can provide sufficient food base to only one tiger, keeping in mind that the breeding rate of deer is always balanced by the killing rate of tigers. Going by this, the poor density of deer, considered a hoofed prey for the big cats, can only support a population of 60-65 tigers in Sunderbans. And WII's Jhala's alert that herbivores can't take salinity after a point of time only points to the dwindling prey base and eventually a likely fall in tigers' number.Eminent conservationist and scientist Ullas Karanth has his take. \"Broadly, Sunderbans is an inherently low prey density, poor quality tiger habitat, as my first ever camera trap study in 1998 showed clearly. This fact is now being reinforced by more detailed behavioural studies being done by WII. If wild tigers fall sick or get injured naturally (not through human interventions), it is not necessary to rescue and treat them. Only long term population dynamic studies of the kind we are doing in Karnataka will tell us if the population in Sunderbans' is stable, increasing or declining...This should be the priority, if rational management decisions are to be made.\" Member of state wildlife advisory board, Biswajit Roy Chowdhury, said that post Aila, the prey base in the mangroves has definitely taken a hit. \"The starvation in this Sunderbans tiger only points to lack of food inside the forests,\" he said.Another member of the board, Joydip Kundu, said: \"If the study is to be believed, there is immediate need to increase the prey base by shifting additional prey animals from other sanctuaries to Sunderbans.\"STR field director Subrat Mukherji, however, said none of the five tigers captured from Sunderbans in recent years were found starving. \"This is an exceptional case and this tiger couldn't hunt. Only an X-ray will clear the doubts. And the scat analysis of tigers recently captured showed that they also bank on wild boars and other aquatic animals for food.\"However, the study by WII doesn't mention sighting of wild boars. When asked, Jhala said their number was so few that it could not be quantified. \"They did the sightings from the boats only and didn't get a good idea of the prey density,\" added Mukherji.Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve director Pradeep Vyas said seasonality and sample size matter in determining prey density.\"WII scientists only covered a small area, hence the sample size was low and any density study in the mangroves should be undertaken in the winter to get a good idea,\" Vyas added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382297", "title": "Railways seeks Rs 65,000 crore for safety upgrade", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cash-starved railways has made a fresh plea for Rs 65,000 crore from the Centre to fund its safety programme. The move came after repeated requests were turned down by the government which asked the transporter to raise resources through internal measures, including raising passenger fares.A railway official said the ambitious plan was based on recommendations of the Anil Kakodkar committee on safety. The committee had suggested an investment of Rs 1 lakh crore over five years to meet the safety requirements of the state transporter. \"We have written to Planning Commission (for funds),\" the official said.The railways has been under sharp criticism from different quarters for its failure to generate resources by internal means as it has failed to rationalize passenger tariff since 2002-03. On Friday, a parliamentary panel had slammed the railways for its failure to check repeated fire incidents in trains.The standing committee on railways headed by DMK MP T R Balu had asked the transporter to install automatic fire alarm system in all trains urgently. The panel, which was concerned about the recent fire in Tamil Nadu Express on July 30 which claimed 32 lives, asked railway authorities to explore the possibility of adopting best practices in fire fighting available in other countries.Advocating the use of fire retardant material in railway coaches, the panel also suggested replacing aluminium with copper in electrical fuses. It also said RPF staff be given basic training in fire-fighting so that they could be of assistance in emergencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381588", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation gets possession of Anand Talkies land", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has taken possession of the Anand Talkies land, worth over Rs10 crore. Now, the civic body is trying to finalize plans for the land as may generate huge revenue for NMC due to its prime location.A senior NMC official told TOI that possession of Anand Talkies land has been taken recently by placing seals on the structure there. \"NMC started the process to valuate the structure existing on the land. NMC has to pay the cost of the structure to Saroj Screens Private Ltd, from which the possession was taken. The valuation of the structure has to be done according to the market value prevailing in 2009. The process has been initiated according to the directives of the Supreme Court,\" he said.The official further said that NMC had asked Saroj Screens Private Ltd to submit the building sanction plan, which was received a couple of days ago. \"NMC's estate department will ask the town planning department to decide the valuation of the structure. Saroj Screens Private Ltd's letter to the estate department estimates the cost of the structure at around Rs98 lakh. But the cost will be paid according to the valuation calculated by our officials,\" he said.The official also said that the process to decide on the use of the land has been also started. \"Estate department has requested the public works department (projects) to prepare plans, which will be finalized after consultation with the municipal commissioner and standing committee,\" he said.NMC is lucky to get the land back in its possession. It became possible due to the judgement passed by the Supreme Court on March 26 this year. The Anand Talkies land plot measures 9,300 sqft and is located on Old Sarai Road, Sitabuldi, one of the costliest commercial areas of the city.Member of standing committee Praful Gudadhe said the location of the land is very crucial as far as commercial angle is considered. \"Since NMC can do whatever it wants with the land as per the Supreme Court directives, it should not go for leasing it out. The NMC can reap the benefits by developing a commercial complex on the land. The FSI in the city in present conditions is 2.5. NMC can earn hefty revenue and also provide proper commercial services to citizens,\" he said.NMC had given the land on lease for a period of 30 years on March 17, 1944, to Gopaldas Mohta, who actually started Anand Talkies. The land was plunged into controversies due to various changes in the lease and saw several legal proceedings. Finally, the issue was decided by the Supreme Court, which asked Saroj Screens Private Ltd to hand over the land to NMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381376", "title": "Cops still chasing 'Rs 1 Crore Thief'", "text": "NAGPUR: Pachpaoli police have started recovering some of the Rs 1 crore worth gold that the employee of a jewellery shop at Chambhar Nullah stole. The management of Vaibhav Jewellers had claimed that their former employee Dattaraj Bangre had decamped with gold and other valuables worth nearly Rs 1 crore last week.Though Bangre is still elusive after the theft, police recovered 12 tolas gold worth Rs 3.61 lakh after arresting Yogesh Asre, Bangre's accomplice. Police are learnt to have stepped up the chase for Bangre who, they believe, may have slipped out of state. Pachpaoli police tasted first success when they netted Asre from Umrer. The police missed by whisker a substantial portion of valuables kept in a den at Kalamna. Bangre and Asre had come to Kalamna to take rest after the theft. They had also shared the booty here before heading in different directions.Police later recovered gold from Asre's home. Police said it was possible that Asre was misguiding them and he may have more share than what he has revealed so far. Police feel booty was likely to have been shared among five people including Bangre and Asre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15384155", "title": "State orders study on Bt cotton\u2019s impact", "text": "MUMBAI: Admitting for the first time that genetically modified (GM)cotton may havehad an adverse impact on the state's farming community, the Maharashtra government has ordered a socio-economic study of the Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt) cotton by the country's leading independent institutes. The survey will be carried out by the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS ) and Instituteof RuralM anagement, Anand ( IRMA), and a report will be submitted to the state government in three months.\"Our system has failed to live up to the expectations of the farming community, which has suffered because of the introduction of a series of policy and technology measures in the past. It is time we studied what has led to a state's agrarian problems resulting from Bt,\" said agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-P atil.In the past, several independent studies have connected a spate of farmers' suicides in the state to Bt, which has allegedly been causing \"crop failure\", resulting in a loss of Rs 2,000 crore annually. Bt, which has been allowed an experimental-basis cultivation of (bollworm-resistant ) GM cotton on 10,000 hectares across the country since 2005, is used in 27cotton-growing regionsof Maharashtra.Several states, including Maharashtra,had also allowed commercial cultivation trials in rain-fed cotton-growing regions,which led to an agrarian crisis of sorts with increased cost and stagnant yield. The black-marketing of seeds became widespread in the state, leading to financial debts for farmers. The Bt also proved to be more expensive than theuse of traditional seeds.The state has also directed leading universities in Maharashtra to adopt villages in their region to study the impact of various state policies on the lives of farmers. \"They will study all policies introduced in the past five years,\" said Patil. The state has introduced various schemes, including introduction of new technology, distribution of seeds and fertilizers through a nodal agency and Maharashtra Agriculture Competitiveness Projectin 33 districts.The use of Bt cotton resulted in stagnant yield as there is a question mark on whether the Vidarbha land is suited for it.It led to new pest and disease attacks, Patil said. The universities have been toldto assess the BG-1 and BG-2 Bt seeds for resistance capabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381510", "title": "Road safety course made a must for commercial drivers", "text": "MUMBAI: It will now be mandatory for auto, taxi, school bus, tourist bus and truck drivers to undergo a day's refresher course on road safety every three years to get their licences renewed. In view of increasing road accidents, state transport commissioner V N More's office issued a circular to this effect on Monday.More has directed all RTOs in the state to submit a report by September 10 on licence applicants attending the course this month. A source said some RTOs like Navi Mumbai and Nagpur were regularly holding the course, which has now been made compulsory for all 48 RTOs in the state.But RTO officials have expressed reservations over the circular, pointing out an acute shortage of space and manpower, especially in Mumbai's RTOs. \"Why can't the transport commissioner's office outsource this training programme? It is not feasible for RTO officials to train 400 to 500 drivers and perform other duties like issuing licences, taking driving tests, collecting taxes and registering new cars,\" an RTO official from Mumbai said. \"Besides, if we outsource the work, it will be done in a professional manner.\"As per the circular, \"The course can be conducted with the help of traffic experts, doctors and NGOs. Emphasis should be laid on discipline, a driver's responsibilities, the hazards of dangerous driving and overloading, how a driver should be concerned about passengers, other motorists and pedestrians, and what he should do in case of an accident.\"The RTOs have been asked to organize lectures by experts and also hold audio-visual presentations and show short films for licence applicants.Anil Garg of School Bus Owners Association said that bus drivers went through similar programmes three times in a year -- during road safety week and one of them being organised by SBOA. \"There is no need for repeated refresher courses,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381073", "title": "Indore requires more rains to cover deficit", "text": "INDORE: Even though the monsoon is halfway, the city is yet to receive the expected amount of rainfall.Indore requires 6cm more rainfall to overcome the deficit. Till now, it has received 42 cm of rains while according to Met department, the expected amount of rains by this time of the monsoons in Indore is 48cm.An official from the department said, \"The monsoon this year is inactive. Last year, the city had received satisfactory rains. Indore, however, may receive more showers in next 48 hours.\"The cyclonic pressure on the Jabalpur-Hoshangabad region is creating favourable conditions. Although the monsoons this year showed a very low pace till the mid-July, there has been a significant increase in the amount of rains received since then.In the last week of July, the city had received 265.6 mm of rains when it showered incessantly for three days, from July 27 to 29.Many mishaps too were reported then. A boy from Bhagirathpura had drowned in an overflowing nullah. Incidents of uprooting of trees and collapsed buildings too were reported.On Monday, there were traffic jams in the city due to rains. The major squares like Palasia, MG road and Shastri Nagar bridge had traffic jams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382656", "title": "Centre gets 2 weeks time", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday granted two weeks time to the Centre to file its written submission on the whereabouts of Fasih Mohammed. A bench of justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi granted the time on the request of Additional Solicitor General Gourab Banerjee. On July 9, the bench was informed by Banerjee that Fasih was in the custody of Saudi police and had submitted that the habeas corpus petition filed by his wife Nikhat Parveen has become infructuous.Delhi police commissioner Neeraj Kumar said he couldn't give a time-frame for the deportation. \"There are legal frameworks. It's not a simple issue,\" he told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15383522", "title": "Left MLAs cry foul for being side-lined", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The elected representatives of LDF in the district have flayed M K Raghavan, MP, for staging a 'one-man show' when it comes to development activities in the district. They alleged that the mayor and other MLAs are being kept in the dark on vital issues. \"The MP has launched a publicity blitzkrieg riding on projects that still remain on paper,\" said CPM MLA Elamaram Kareem on Monday.He said the MP did not inform the mayor about the meeting convened by him to discuss the development of Kozhikode railway station. \"He announced that an architect has been given the task of preparing a master plan. Is it enough that only the MP needs to know such things? \" he asked.He said the mayor was kept in the dark on the plan to set up a station in Mananchira as part of the monorail project. Kareem alleged that the LDF's representatives are being side-lined at the functions organized by the government.Mayor A K Premajam and A Pradeep Kumar, MLA, were also present at the press meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383606", "title": "Delhi priests killed in US carnage", "text": "NEW DELHI: Among those killed in the shootout at a gurdwara in Wisconsin were granthis Ranjit Singh and Sita Singh, both brothers and originally from Delhi. On Monday, a pall of gloom descended on their Vishnu Garden home as mourning relatives, friends and community leaders visited the family to share their grief.Ranjit had left for the US 16 years ago when his son was just seven months old. He never visited his family ever since; his son, Gurwinder Singh, is now a young lad of 17. Ranjit wanted to see his son, and for that he had planned to come home this Diwali. \"I learnt about the shooting on TV last night. I never thought that my father will be among the victims. Only I knew that my father used to go to the gurdwara on Sundays. This morning, I got a call informing about his demise ,\" said Gurwinder. He saw his father only in photographs.In February this year, Ranjit's younger brother, Sita, landed a job in the same gurdwara and flew out to join his brother. Sita is survived by his wife Surinder Kaur and their four children\u2014the eldest is 20 years old and the youngest just nine. Kaur said she spoke to her husband on Sunday. \"He was leaving for the prayers at the gurdwara. He told me that he was satisfied with the way he was settling into work and life in the US. He told me that he would soon call all of us to live with him,\" Kaur said, trying hard to fight back tears.Families of both granthis said that so far no official representing the Indian government or the United States government has contacted them to confirm the deaths. \"We have been informed about the deaths by relatives in the US,\" a family member said.Meanwhile, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal visited the bereaved families during the day. Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) president P S Sarna also visited them in the evening . \"We are with the families and will support them in their toughest hour. The Committee will support the education of the children of both granthis. A compensation of Rs 1 lakh will be provided to their next of kin.\"Delhi's minister Arvinder Singh Lovely arrived from Singapore late Monday evening . \"I condemn the attack on the devotees in the gurdwara in Wisconsin. I hope the US authorities will take this seriously as they have been assuring. I will be visiting the families of the deceased granthis on Tuesday ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15373919", "title": "Rajeev Khandelwal on his Fiji shoot", "text": "After shooting for over a month in the breathtaking locales of Fiji islands for his next project Table No 21, actor Rajeev Khandelwal is back in Mumbai.And the actor pretty much enjoyed the whole experience he tells us. \"It's been 36 days that we shot in Fiji and I just didn't feel like leaving. But Mumbai was calling me back.\" Further narrating his experience he adds, \"People in Fiji are very warm and the place is quiet and serene away from all the hustle-bustle, which was like a treat. In fact, 44 per cent of the population there is of Indians which made me feel at home.\"The fitness conscious actor also managed to squeeze in some time for exercise during his hectic shooting schedule in Fiji. \"I loved running there as the place is very green with fresh air. So I after the pack-up I would mostly jog back to our hotel,\" says Rajeev.Rajeev also had a mishap and hurt himself twice during the shoot while filming some action scenes. But we hear that the actor had refused to use a body double. \"Actually I felt that the scenes would not look exciting if they didn't show my face. So I volunteered to do the shots myself rather than using a body double. Also I had worked with the same stuntperson earlier during my film Aamir. But somehow during the retakes I managed to slip and fall down,\" narrates Rajeev.Having shared screen-space with debutant Tena Desae as his co-star, Rajeev is all praises for the new gal. \"I must say I am mighty impressed with Tena as she is very focused and hardworking. Her role at times required her to face situations that aren't easy for a girl, but she handled it all with ease. So that was commendable. As far as whether the chemistry between us will click with the viewers, that time will decide.\"Sometime back the actor went on an excursion to Ladakh with his wife. So are they both the adventurous kinds? \"I am, but Manjiri is not. But I have forced her to stay in tents, camp and visit places which do not even have a washroom because of my love for the travel. But she has been extremely understanding.So I guess I have been lucky,\" smiles Rajeev adding, \"Marriage has taught me to be flexible and understand things better. In fact, being married made me understand and portray different shades of a married man in Table No 21.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15383908", "title": "Party busters send bar business on downslide", "text": "MANGALORE: The bar and restaurant (B and R) bussiness in the coastal city has been hit badly following the recent attack on revellers at a birthday party. The B &amp; R sector has witnessed a similar kind of business crisis after the attack on a pub by some activists in 2009.The city does not have any exclusive discotheques like Bangalore or Goa, where parties go on till wee hours, but there are around five good B and R, which serve liquor, varieties of cuisines and play vivid western music. Youths hang out in these places to sway for music played in these joints.Sudhir L Kadri, owner of a chain of B and R, told TOI that ever since July 28th incident, 40% of the business had come down as people were scared to visit B and R. Business had declined after the attack on a pub in 2009 and it took one year for business to get back to being normal. But this time business is likely to pick up within a few months as people have condemned the unpleasant act strongly, he added.Recalling the shocking incident, he said: \"Is it a man's world? Don't women have any right to involve in social occasions?\"A manager attached to a hotel on the condition of anonymity said business had come down by 25% as people have started thinking that even a decent B and R is not safe to spend some good time. \"After watching goons thrashing some innocent youths, I am scared to speak with even media persons,\" he said.The owner of a renowned B &amp; R, who did not want to disclose his name, said business has drastically declined to 60%. People are fearful, particularly women, because the entire country has seen victims taken in a police van while culprits are seen roaming freely after the incident, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382478", "title": "Empowered panel clears 45 pending land cases", "text": "JAIPUR: The empowered committee headed by UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal, on Monday, cleared 45 pending cases related to land allotment, conversion and regularization. Three cases have been deferred and will be presented before the cabinet for approval.To expedite the development work, the committee cleared the files that were stuck in the bureaucratic cycle. While nine cases pertained to land regularization in residential colonies, 18 were of acquired land. Another 16 applications on land allotment at concessional rate for educational institutes of different communities were also cleared.A major decision on the policy of providing land at concession to educational institutes was also taken at the meeting. It was decided that the three cases wherein the applicants demanded land at less than 30% of the market value will be placed before the cabinet for approval.\"Of 48 files, the ministerial committee cleared 45 which is among the highest till date. Some of the cases were pending for the past 28 years,\" said G S Sandhu, principal secretary, urban development and housing.The high-level committee was set up to take decisions on complex cases related to land conversion and allotment. Besides the UDH minister and officials, it includes industry minister Rajendra Pareek and minister of state for home Virendra Beniwal.Maximum number of cases that were cleared came from Ajmer division and related to compensation for land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383785", "title": "Cop rapped for distortion of facts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Observing that it has become the \"tendency\" of investigating officers to project their own versions of an incident instead of what actually happened, a trial court has asked the police commissioner to take action against an official for manipulating the facts of a robbery case.Irked with the distortion of facts, which benefited the accused, additional sessions judge (ASJ) Virender Bhat asked the commissioner and DCP (southwest ) to sensitize the IO, so that an undistorted version was presented before the court.\"It is not understandable as to how such tendency has developed in police officials, who are given the charge of investigating a case and why the IOs, more often, project their own version of the case before the court instead of what has actually happened, as narrated to them by the witnesses. I feel the time has come for such tendency of manipulating the circumstances in which the offence has taken place, resorted to by the IOs, to be checked,\" the judge said.The court sentenced Punjab native Sukhvinder to seven years in jail and imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 for robbing a woman in Dwarka last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382520", "title": "Abducted girl rescued, reunited with parents", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Monday rescued a child, 4, who was kidnapped on Sunday. Police said Bhavana was kidnapped after her father, Murugan, failed to return the money which the kidnapper invested in a chit fund. Murugan, a tailor, also ran a chit fund.An investigating officer said Murugan befriended Alauddin, 25, who frequently visited a plot that he had purchased in Gummidipoondi. \"Murugan convinced Alauddin to invest some money in his chit fund,\" he said. \"Murugan was supposed to pay 50,000 to Alauddin, after he won a draw of lots, but gave him only 25,000 and promised to give him the rest of the cash in a couple of days.\"But Murugan failed to keep his promise. \"Alauddin visited Murugan's house on Sunday evening but he was not at home,\" the officer said. \"After drinking a cup of coffee, when Murugan's wife was in the kitchen, he put his hand over Bhavana's mouth to muffle any sound she made and stealthily carried her away.\"Joint commissioner of police (north) N K Senthamaraikannan said Alauddin made a phone call to Murugan and threatened to sell the child in Bihar if he failed to pay 1 lakh. \"Alauddin asked Murugan to bring the money and meet him at the Sulurpet railway station,\" he said. \"Murugan lodged a complaint with the police, and investigators went to the railway station in mufti. They found Alauddin waiting there for the ransom and arrested him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15382900", "title": "Ponda Municipal Council's 'sopo tax' move fails", "text": "PONDA: The decision to collect 'sopo tax' by its own staff has backfired on the Ponda municipal council (PMC) within just four months.Alleging that the private contractors charged exorbitant rates, the PMC had started collecting 'sopo' fees on their own by appointing six personnel dedicated for the purpose since April this year. Four months after its decision, the civic body has realized that it was not viable as the cost of expenditure was more than the income from the 'sopo' fees.Rukmi Dangui, chairperson of the PMC, briefed mediapersons in Ponda after the council meeting that the civic body had collected 'sopo' fees of 61,20,000 at a rate of 5,10,000 per month during the last fiscal year when a contractor used to collect the 'sopo' fee.But this year, in the first four months, the PMC has earned only 2,50,000 per month on an average.\"This income is very less than the actual cost of expenditure. The PMC has deputed six personnel and thus the 'sopo' collection is not feasible to the civic body. We have now decided to float the tenders to collect the 'sopo' fees as it was earlier being done,\" Dangui said.The PMC had taken a decision to ban contractors from collecting 'sopo' as there were allegations that the contractors used to charge exorbitant rates sometimes as high as 200.The PMC had also awarded the contract for 'sopo' fee collection to a contractor but decided to withdraw it and deploy staff to collect the same in April 2012.The PMC had also resolved to collect the 'sopo' fees on their own despite getting a bid of 12 lakh more on March 30, 2011.PMC was auctioning the 'sopo' fee collection work to outside parties since the last several years and the PMC had decided not to continue with it.But, the PMC had conducted auction of the job and Rumaldo Fernandes, a resident of Borim had made a highest bid of 61 lakh for the work against the earlier years bid of 49 lakh. The PMC was gaining a hike of 12 lakh.Then Ponda municipal council chief had also declared that the earnest money deposited by Fernandes, would be returned to him, but the then chief officer had allotted the tender to Fernandes, using his powers.The then chief officer Jayant Tari had stated that the job was not possible for the civic body, a statement, which has now been proved true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382393", "title": "Adarsh did not get our nod, says MoEF former director", "text": "MUMBAI: The officer who ordered Adarsh's demolition told the judicial commission on Monday that the controversial building did not have environmental clearance from the Union Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF), the state coastal authority or urban development department (UDD).\"The building has not obtained coastal regulation zone clearance from the Maharashtra government, nor the Maharashtra coastal zone management authority (MCZMA) recommended any proposal to MoEF for granting CRZ clearance,\" said Bharat Bhushan, former director, MoEF, to questions from senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Zhaveri, counsels for the commission. Bhushan had in January 2011 ordered that the building be pulled down for violations.Bhushan said MoEF had taken cognizance of the issue after media reports about the building's illegality. \"When the issue broke out, we sought a factual report from the secretary, department of environment, who was also chairperson, MCZMA. She said the building had not obtained CRZ clearance,\" said Bhushan, adding that the final hearing was based on details sent by MCZMA after hearing the representatives of Adarsh .During cross-examination by advocate Saket Mone, counsel for Adarsh, Bhushan said CRZ clearance could not have been obtained by a person even before the land was allotted. Adarsh had claimed that it had sought the CRZ nod in 2003, a year before it was allotted land in Colaba. Bhushan denied the Adarsh counsel's suggestion that the society had valid clearance from the UDD.The commission will reexamine some key players in the Adarsh case, including a main accused and former defence estate officer R C Thakur, former MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani and former deputy secretary P V Deshmukh.The three have been questioned earlier on the status of the land allotted to Adarsh, and will now be grilled on membership and benefits the society obtained.The commission has also summoned IAS officer and former Mumbai collector I A Kundan, a member of Adarsh who had also handled the file.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15381818", "title": "MLA Suresh Babu, Gali Somasekhar Reddy's PA arranged bribe money", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cash-for-bail case accused Bellary (Urban) MLA Gali Somasekhar Reddy has confessed that the bribe amount was arranged by Kampli MLA T H Suresh Babu and his brother Gali Janardhan Reddy's personal assistant Prakash.After grilling him for three days, Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths arrested Somasekhar Reddy on Monday evening and produced him before court. In his confession to the ACB sleuths, Somasekhar Reddy admitted that he had actively participated in conspiring to secure bail for his brother Gali Janardhan Reddy, prime accused in the Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC) scam. However, the Bellary MLA stated that he had not arranged the bribe amount, which was paid to other accused in the scam.Somasekhar Reddy said that he first met history-sheeter Yadgiri Rao at advocate E Uma Maheswar Rao's office in Shanti Nagar in May 2012. Yadgiri Rao told them that he had already arranged bail for a police officer through judge T Pattabhirama Rao in the past and assured them that he could do for Gali Janardhan Reddy as well.Subsequently, Yadgiri Rao discussed about the proposal with retired judge TV Chalapathi Rao, who was a close friend of suspended CBI judge Pattabhirama Rao. After getting the green signal from the CBI judge, Yadgiri Rao approached Somasekhar Reddy and others and demanded Rs 20 crore for securing bail. After Gali's group agreed to pay Rs 20 crore as bribe, Pattabhirama Rao granted bail to Janardhan Reddy on May 11.On the same day, Yadgiri Rao called Somasekhar Reddy asking for money. On Somasekhar Reddy's instructions, the history-sheeter went to Dasapalla hotel in Banjara Hills at 9.30pm and Dasaratharami Reddy handed him over nine bags containing Rs 4.5 crore. \"The amount was arranged by Kampli MLA Suresh Babu and personal assistant of Janardhan Reddy, Prakash, and others,\" Somasekhar Reddy added.Subsequently, Dasaratharami Reddy told Somasekhar that he had given Rs five crore more to Yadgiri Rao in the next few days.ACB DSP T Raghupathi Goud informed the court that Somasekhar Reddy did not reveal anything about the details of who brought Rs 9.5 crore bribe money to the city and how.Somasekhar Reddy was produced before the principal special judge for SPE &amp; ACB cases, Hyderabad on Monday and he was remanded in judicial custody till August 17. Later, he was shifted to the Cherlapally prison.With Somasekhar Reddy's arrest, all the eight accused in the cash-for-bail scam, including suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao, his son T Ravi Chandra, retired judge TV Chalapathi Rao, Kampli MLA TH Suresh Babu, his relative Dasaratharami Reddy, advocate Aditya and history-sheeter P Yadgiri Rao, have been arrested by the ACB and they were now in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385306", "title": "Indian artists are priceless: Nindy Kaur", "text": "In a chat with Times of India about Bollywood, music and her next album which is composed as a tribute to her late brother-in- law Kuly.What is Nindypendent all about? Nindypendent is a very diverse album featuring a lot of unexpected and different collaborations. Much like the 'Save The World' track, expect a high energy dance packed album which will make sure to keep you on your feet!How often do you travel to India? How has your association with Bollywood been so far? Well I've been travelling to India for six months of the year, every year. I am usually out there throughout the wedding season from September to March. My involvement in the Bollywood industry has been a great journey so far, working with industry people has been a great experience and getting to hear my voice lip synced by great artists like Kareena Kapoor for example has been over whelming.What do you think of the Indian music scene? The Indian music scene is always evolving. The various artists, genres, talents out there are priceless! There's so much more western fusion blended with the eastern rhythm. It's great to see such great talents out there creating some of the world's most sensational music.What are your upcoming Bollywood projects? Which of the tracks do you think has catapulted your fame? I am currently working on many more projects collaborating with some mainstream acts both nationally and internationally too. There are also talks of an upcoming world tour so make sure you watch this space!How often do you tour for concerts and which are your favourite venues for concerts? Concerts are random throughout the year to be honest, from shows in Toronto to LA to Singapore to India, it's a great feeling to sing to all of my fans across the globe. Most of my favourite venues have to be out door shows where you can feel the energy of thousands of fans. Another highlight of mine was The IFFA rocks venue which was absolutely amazing!How did you meet your husband Manjeet Ral? How is it performing with him and your brother-in-law? Wow long story! Actually, funnily enough we met through music. I liked a song that RDB produced on their 1st album and I had no idea who RDB were at the time...lol. Performing and working with my hubby and bro-in-law is great, I get to share the stage with the man I love. My bro-in-law is a great laugh, I'm still looking out for what he needs as a typical bhabi does and he's always looking out for me too, especially when people jump on the stage..lolWhat kind of a relationship did you share with the late Kuly Ral? Who wrote the lyrics for the tribute song, Tut Gaya Dil? Not only did I lose my brother-in-law but a true friend, my biggest support and studio buddy. The atmosphere in the studio will never be the same without him. I had to pour out my feelings to Dad (Harjog Singh) when writing my lines, and I must say Dad did an amazing job of writing those emotion filled lyrics. Smooth is like a brother and we've shared many good times with Kuly when making songs like Aloo Chaat. When he asked me to be part of this song there was no way I would ever refuse. Smooth defines talent and his lyrics throughout the track sum up everything we are going through.Tell us about your collaboration with Smooth. What do you think of two musicians collaborating? The song, titled 'Tut Gaya Dil', features the vocal talents of rising urban rap star Smooth, whose collaboration on my track Aloo Chat saw him come to the attention of music moguls around the world. He was immediately signed to the RDB label Three Records Ltd to work on new material, with his debut being a feature on my tribute track to Kuly.Who is your international pop icon? Do you think anyone in india has the potential to make it in the international arena? I would say Lady Gaga because I love her music and her out of the box style. She is unique and that's what I want to be, I believe every individual should have their own style and uniqueness about them. I relay this in my style and music. As an international arena artist, I would have to say and I'm sure you'll agree that AR Rahman definitely ticks all the boxes as his music is amazing and crosses so many boundaries.What do you prefer, making music or singing? I think making music and singing go hand in hand as you interpret how you are singing the lyrics to make the overall ambience and sound of the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381431", "title": "From no water in summer, floods in monsoon", "text": "NAGPUR: Water scarcity hits them hard in the summer while in monsoon the drains overflow and inundate their homes. This nuisance has been going on for the 70 families at Jai Durga Society in Mangalwari zone for many years, but the authorities are refusing to do anything about it.For the middle-class residents, who are mostly government servants, the euphoria of securing a roof over their head turned out to be short-lived after they moved into the independent houses. The colony in Zingabai Takli ward has been crying to get the attention of NIT and NMC since last one decade.TOI visited the area on Monday to find the entire locality in ankle and knee-deep water, with people going through a nightmare. Every person was engaged in trying to empty their houses of rainwater. Children and old people were among the worst affected.\"The colony literally dreads the monsoons. If it rains, life becomes miserable. Poor sanitation due to lack of proper drainage endangers public health. The sewage water finds its way onto the roads from pits dug in households. As a result, the roads turn into cesspools, forcing users to wade through sewage,\" pointed out resident Vinay Kanojiya.People blame NMC and NIT authorities for lack of planning in city development and allowing construction in violation of rules.Dinesh Gullarkar, a resident, said officials and political leaders should at least visit the locality and take up relief measures.\"Lives are at risk in our colony every time it rains. Our representations to NIT and NMC authorities to lay roads and drainage lines over the years have not yielded any results. We continue to suffer and I don't see much hope for our children too,\" said Bharat Thakur.Ironically, the same locality was suffering for want of drinking water through the summer, and now in the rainy season, their houses have been inundated by rain water.Residents alleged that the pools of standing water are also causing a mosquito menace and they fear epidemics like dengue and malaria.Corporator Sangita Gire too visited the marooned area in Zingabai Takli area of Mangalwari zone recently. She admitted that stagnant water in the residential area is causing problems. According to her, unplanned and haphazard construction of buildings is the root cause of these problems.\"For many years, these lands were open farmlands and rainwater used to drain naturally. But later these farmlands were converted into plots and sold. The lack of stormwater drainage has become a hindrance in the flow of rainwater, and so the areas are marooned during monsoon,\" said Gire.The first time corporator, however, assured to address the problem and promised to lead a delegation to the NIT and NMC.Corporator's house inundatedThe residents of Mohan Nagar too have fallen prey to NMC's apathy. Like every year, this year too NMC has failed to clean the stormwater drains. As a result, many houses including that of Civil Lines corporator Deva Usare in the locality have been inundated with rain water. He claimed that despite complaints from residents, officials from Dharampeth zone have failed to act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381581", "title": "Wary PMO denies info on Bhopal gas tragedy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The PMO has denied information on the Bhopal gas tragedy, Dow Chemicals and the London Olympic Games sponsorship issue under the RTI Act on the strange ground that a \"third party\" whose interests are involved in the case has advised that revealing the documents would harm India's relations with a foreign country.The third party also told the government that India had received the information \"under confidence\" from a foreign government and therefore should be denied to the applicant. The PMO has decided to go by the advice of the third party, whose name the government has not disclosed, and refused to share the documents with the public.The petitioner, Hazra Bi, a victim of the 1984 tragedy, sought three sets of documents from the PMO. She asked for inspection of all files at the PMO on the issue of boycott of the London Olympic Games, of which Dow Chemicals is a sponsor. She asked for all files pertaining to Dow Chemical Company and its various subsidiaries and associated companies such as Union Carbide Corporation and UCIL. She also asked for all files pertaining to the Bhopal gas tragedy that PMO has maintained since 1984.At first, the PMO failed to respond to the RTI query within the mandatory 30 days. When the petitioner went in appeal, she got her first reply. Then, the PMO claimed that the documents on the gas tragedy and the chemical multinational were too voluminous, too difficult to trace and would require \"disproportionate use of PMO resources\". It said the need for excessive government resources to dig out the documents permitted the PMO under RTI Act to deny sharing of information with the public.But when Hazra Bi appealed against the PMO order, she got a letter saying that because the documents contained confidential information about a 'third party', the PMO would first seek permission from the third party, which it never named. The PMO then got back to the applicant and gave a fresh reason to deny a review of the documents. It noted that the 'third party' had demanded the information not be shared because it would hurt India's foreign relations and the documents had been received under confidence from another country.Under RTI, any affected party is empowered to block disclosure if the government is going to reveal information which the particular entity had shared in confidence. The 'party', however, is not required to advise the government on the foreign policy implications of revealing information under the Act.The RTI Act especially provides that if some specific information cannot be disclosed under specific provisions of the law, then the government agency can reveal the rest. But the government has not offered to sift the documents dating back from 1984 to the present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15382831", "title": "Margao's rail issues raised at Centre: Savio Coutinho", "text": "MARGAO: Former Margao municipal council chairperson Savio Coutinho demanded that the railways set up an additional ticket counter at Margao railway station, construction of a fly-over bridge at Comba level crossing and find a permanent solution to the temporary rehabilitation occupants at Azad Nagar, located on the southern side of the station.Briefing mediapersons at Margao on Monday after returning from Delhi where he met Union railway minister Mukul Roy, he said he urged the minister to consider the demands he made on behalf of the people.\"At this station there is just one ticket counter on the southern side, as such the commuters on the northern side and more specially the commuters of Aquem/Malbhat areas and more especially senior citizens face great inconvenience and cross over to the ticket counter on the southern side,\" said Coutinho while stressing the need for an additional counter.The former Margao chairperson highlighted the plight faced by locals at the level crossing in Comba and pointed that it is used daily by lakhs of people including school and college students.\"Some years ago a subway was constructed for the use of small vehicles and pedestrians. Due to lack of foresight or ill-planning, the said subway is perennially flooded during monsoons. Even pumping out of water does not solve the problem,\" said Coutinho, adding that it is an accident prone site as well.Regarding temporary rehabilitated occupants at Azad Nagar, Coutinho said that they had lost their houses for construction of the railway station and were living there since 1993 and paid rent to the Konkan Railway Corporation.Coutinho had contested the assembly seat of Margao on a TMC ticket in March, 2012, where he finished third behind the Congress and the BJP candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15387635", "title": "Jism 3: Nathalia Kaur likely to replace Sunny Leone", "text": "Actress-filmmaker Pooja Bhatt , who is elated over the success of her recently released movie 'Jism 2', has plans to take the franchise ahead with the third and fourth installment. She is considering having Nathalia Kaur in 'Jism 3'.Ram Gopal Varma launched the Brazilian model-turned-actress in Bollywood with item number 'Dan Dan' in his film 'Department'. \"For 'Jism 3', we are considering Nathalia as my father ( Mahesh Bhatt) suggested me to do so. He has a knack of choosing the right kind of new talent. We are thinking of her but nothing is finalised yet,\" Pooja told PTI in an exclusive interview.\"The third part will have four main players it could be two heroes, two heroines or three heroes and one heroine. We haven't thought of the exact number of actors and actress yet. We might repeat one of the male actors from 'Jism 2' ,\" she said.The third part will go on floors from April and is likely to release during winter 2013. But the makers are not just stopping at 'Jism 3'.. they intend to take it forward and have a fourth part as well in the series.\"Then we would go ahead with 'Jism 4' in 2014. It is just a coincidence that the year, ending with 3 (2013) will have 'Jism 3' and 4 (2014) will have 'Jism 4' . I don?t know how far we will take the 'Jism' franchise. I have not planned it yet,\" Pooja said.'Jism 2' is a sequel to the 2003 release of the same name, which starred Bipasha Basu and John Abraham in the lead. \"I was anxious. The film had no big star cast, we did not have Salman Khan in the film but it did quite well at the box office. I was taking a bigger risk by having Sunny in my film putting her in front of a conservative crowd here. People thought with Sunny in the film, they will get to see more of sexual and sensual content but that was a myth,\" Pooja said.The erotic thriller, featuring Randeep Hooda and Arunoday Singh was made on a budget of Rs 6-7 crore and has collected Rs 21 crore its opening weekend. \"The film has earned Rs 21 crore, I think we have got a great opening. Generally filmmakers do not release their movies during Ramzan as not many people go to watch it. But this film has done well especially in places like UP, Bhopal, Punjab and others. It worked for us,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15382958", "title": "Coimbatore shooting star fails to qualify for final round in Olympics", "text": "COIMBATORE: Ace shooter Sanjeev Rajput , representing the country in 50 metre rifle 3 position shooting event, failed to qualify for the final round of the competition held at Royal Artillery Barracks in the 2012 London Olympics on Monday. Rajput finished 26th in the qualifying rounds, failing to finish in the top eight, required to continue in the competition. Indian shooter Gagan Narang who competed in the same event also failed to qualify for the final round making it a disappointing day for the country at the Olympics.\"It was extremely disappointing as all of us were expecting Rajput to clinch a medal in the event. He was in good form but it was just bad luck,\" said SS Thatte, Commander and Officer in charge, Naval shooting team.Rajput has been stationed at the naval station INS Agrani as a Master Chief Petty Officer in Redfield locality in the city since 2001. The Naval shooting team had made arrangements to stream the qualifying round which began at 1.30 p.m., in one of the naval station auditoriums, using an LCD projector. But owing to maintenance work, power supply to the entire area was suspended from eight in the morning.\"There are two generators inside the campus but it cannot be operated at a stretch,\" said one of the naval officers.Rajput scored a total of 1164 from the three rounds in which the contestants shoot in three different positions, prone, standing and kneeling. Niccolo Campriani of Italy clinched the gold medal with a total aggregate of 1180 in the qualifying round. Out of the 41 shooters who participated in the event, the top eight went to the final round. Fellow Indian shooter Gagan Narang also fared badly compared to his previous records with 1164 in the event.\"It is unfortunate and a huge disappointment for all of us but we are sure he will perform better in the next competition,\" said Satyender Kumar, Arjuna awardee and a member of the Naval shooting team.Some team members also pointed out that the ground conditions were slightly windy when Naran and Rajput took positions which may have affected their performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "15383504", "title": "75-yr-old Gumla resident wins two gold medals at Colombo meet", "text": "GUMLA: While all eyes are currently on the ongoing London Olympic, Bindeshwari Ram Mahli has proved his sporting mettle at the 26th Annual Open Masters' Athletics Championship in Colombo recently.Mahli won gold in the 100m and 200m at the five-nation meet held between July 27 and 29 where participants from India, Sri Lanka, Singapore, Turkey and Malaysia took part.Reacting to his feat, the 75-year-old Mahli -- a former Indian Forest Service official and a resident of Bharno block of the district - said: \"It was a historic moment for the person like me to win twin gold medals in an international event in a foreign country.''He had also bagged state championship award in an athletic completion organized under the aegis of the forest and environment department of Bihar government in 1994 -95. Mahli had also bagged a bronze medal in 200m race at the Masters' Athletic held in Bhopal in 2000 and a bronze medal in relay at the 11th Asian Masters' Athletic meet in Karnataka the same year. This besides, Mahli won a bronze medal in the 29th Masters' Athletic meet in long jump held in Guwahati in 2008.\"Sports is my passion. Whenever I find time after farming I used to organize various sporting events in Bharno to promote sports in the area,\" Mahli added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381790", "title": "1 dead, 4 hurt as compactor overturns", "text": "MUMBAI: A rag-picker was crushed to death and four others were left injured after a compactor tipped over at the BMC's Deonar dumping ground. after a compactor tipped over at the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC), Deonar dumping ground. At least four others were also injured in the mishap, raising safety concerns in the civic dumping grounds.Confirming the accident, R S Agarwal Senior Police inspector (Shivaji Nagar) said, \"We have registered a case of accidental death, thought investigations are still on, at least five people were injured out of which one of them died before reaching the Shatabdi Hospital.\"The deceased has been identified as Mohamad Hussain (50). Four women , Hasrat Banu (40), Shammi Banu (45), Maya Rathod (32) and Byanuhin Sheikh (50) were injured and are being treated at Shatabdi Hospital.A civic official at the dumping ground said, \"The compactor was on it way inside the dumping ground but tipped over due to the bad condition of the road near sector eight and fell on top of the rag-pickers.\"Of the four injured, three are said to be in a serious state. While Rathod sustained multiple fractures on her rib cage, Shammi Banu fractured her pelvis and Sheikh received severe head injuries.Dr Pramod Potnis, dean of Shatabdi hospital said, \"Three of the injured were transferred to the Sion hospital as they were seriously injured. While Hasrat Banu was being treated for minor injures in Shatabdi its self.\"Rais Shaikh, Samajwadi Party corporator from M-east, said, \"I have repeatedly complained to the administration about the pathetic condition of the access in the dumping ground road and had warned them of the possibility of an accident, my complains seem to have fallen on deaf ears.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382396", "title": "Ashok Gehlot demands 500MW power for rabi cultivation", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Monday assured the Centre that the state would abide by the all the regulations with regard to drawing power from the Northern Grid. The assurance came during the chief ministers' and state power ministers' meeting on Grid Supply Management held in Delhi, and presided over by Union power minister Veerappa Moily.Gehlot also emphasized on the state's increased requirement of power due to a poor monsoon and the wide gap between demand and availability. He requested for an additional 500 MW of power apart from the state's defined quota for the forthcoming rabi season, besides an urgent need to address the irrigation requirement for the kharif crops.\"The situation this year is not quite good as the rain has been much below the average,\" Gehlot said at the meeting which was called after the triple-grid collapse in the country.Underlining the need for enough coal and gas supply, the CM said the state was unable to produce power as per its capacity due to the shortage of fuel.Gehlot said the coal being provided to the state is meant for production units with a capacity of 1100 megawatt, whereas the state needed fuel for units which have a capacity of 1800 MW. He said the state now aims to increase its domestic power generation capacity to 1860 MW and the production by private companies to 1740 MW within a year. Of this, production of 2900 MW would be coal-based.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15382196", "title": "American iftaar in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The US government will celebrate Gujarat's diversity! That too, with an iftaar in Ahmedabad. A decade after post-Godhra riots - and seven years after US denied chief minister Narendra Modi a visa on grounds of violating religious freedom - the US Consulate General in Mumbai has chosen Ahmedabad to host the party on August 13.This is the first time the event is being hosted outside Mumbai. More still, it comes at a time when Modi is wooing minorities with his Sadbhavana mission. Unlike in other states, no political party in Gujarat has developed a culture of iftaar diplomacy - some governors being exception to the rule.US Consul General Peter Haas told TOI in a written statement: \"The US Consulate General Mumbai is pleased to host an iftaar in Ahmedabad to promote inter-faith relations and goodwill, as well as offering an occasion to celebrate Gujarat's diversity. For years we have been hosting iftaars in Mumbai, but this will be our first in Ahmedabad, and we hope to hold them throughout Western India over the coming years.\"Though no politician has been invited, there will be discussion on whether the move indicates the US government's desire to engage with Modi, a clear prime ministerial candidate. This despite the fact that US State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland had recently reiterated that there was no change in the decision to deny Modi a visa to enter the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382421", "title": "Doctors' freebies to be taxed", "text": "MUMBAI: The income-tax (I-T) department will tax the amount pharmaceutical and allied health sector industries spend on freebies for medical practitioners and their professional associations. Those who accept the freebies will also be taxed.The decision follows an amendment to Medical Council of India regulations banning doctors and their associations from accepting freebies. The freebies include money, travel facilities and hospitality extended by pharma firms and makers of medical devices and 'nutraceuticals'.The Central Board of Direct Taxes August 1 circular says the department has come across such instances and a senior pharma company official admitted companies do it to advance sales. He said a company was planning to take around 80 doctors from across the country on a full-expenses paid foreign trip for a 'seminar'.The I-T department grants an exemption to money spent on business promotion. It accepts firms' claims and allows deduction. An official said, \"Pharma firms cannot claim the benefit as regulations prohibit it. If we can prove the company extended freebies to doctors, they have to pay taxes. Those who receive freebies will also have to pay a tax on the gift's value or money spent on it. If a doctor gets a fridge, its market value will be treated as income.''Chandra Mohan Gulati, a drug regulatory expert, said it was a great first step but \"let it not be the last\". He felt doctors should be told to mention details of their 'gifts'. In 2009, MCI had set guidelines for doctors vis-a-vis pharmaceutical companies.Ranga Iyer, who used to head Wyeth and the OPPI (Organization of Pharmaceutical Producers of India), said, \"We must look at the IT Act changes in isolation. The need is for ethical marketing practices for pharmaceutical firms and we support any such move.''Dr Arun Bal of the Association for Consumers' Action on Safety &amp; Health an NGO that works for patients' rights, said, \"This follows attempts by MCI and the government to bring about self-regulation among doctors and the industry.''(With inputs from Malathy Iyer)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15384498", "title": "A ray of hope for modern slaughterhouse", "text": "VARANASI: Fresh attempts being made by Varanasi Nagar Nigam has generated hopes for the construction of a modern slaughterhouse here.Municipal commissioner PK Pandey said on Monday that the project report prepared for the construction of a modern slaughterhouse in the district in 2007-08 has been forwarded again to the state government recently to take a decision on it. On March 5, the then veterinary officer RD Ram had ordered closure of Kamalgadaha slaughterhouse on hygiene grounds. He found that the meat was not fit for human consumption due to the slaughtering of animals under unhygienic conditions. The closure of the slaughterhouse led to illegal slaughtering in adjoining houses. This fact was exposed when the police raided the house of Sabbir Quraishi on March 26.This was the reason why Kamalgadaha slaughterhouse was denied a licence in past. But, the fact cannot be denied that there is a huge demand of meat and a large number of families depend on its trade for livelihood. In order to meet the requirement, the plan to establish a modern slaughterhouse on the outskirts was prepared. The VNN engaged Regional Centre for Urban Environment Studies (RCUES), Lucknow, a wing of Union ministry of urban development, in 2007-08 to prepare a (detailed project report) DPR to construct a modern slaughter house.Pandey said that in its DPR, RCUES proposed to construct the slaughter house on five acres of land with an investment of Rs 11.12 crore, under Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). The site for its construction was selected in Karsada, which is on the border of Varanasi and Mirzapur while many other districts of this region are also connected with the area through highways. It was proposed to operate this project on public private partnership (PPP) model. A minimum annual income of Rs 19.32 lakh was also estimated. The capacity of the slaughter house, with waste treatment plant, would be slaughtering 500 buffaloes and 500 goats daily.The DPR had been forwarded to the state government in 2008, followed by floating of tenders in the same year to bring the project on the ground. But, the meat lobby took shelter of the Allahabad High Court seeking relief. In its ruling (dated April 23, 2008), the court directed that the writ petition would come up before the appropriate bench on May 19, 2008 for admission/final disposal. As an interim measure, the court directed the petitioners to operate the slaughterhouses but to maintain hygiene and take other necessary steps for keeping atmospheric pollution under control. On the basis of the interim order, the slaughterhouse at Kamalgadha continued to operating despite having no licence until the VNN's veterinary officer ordered for its closure in March last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15382451", "title": "No external injury on Fiza: Doctors", "text": "MOHALI: A special panel of doctors investigating the mysterious death of Fiza Mohammed has not found any external injury marks on her body in their yet to be concluded post mortem report, according to police sources.The three-hour postmortem examination at a Mohali hospital by a team of three doctors, Dr Parminder Singh Bhatti, Dr Sukhwinder Kaur and Dr Meera, went on till late Monday evening and was videographed. The full report is expected in the next couple of days.The special panel, however, has recommended the forensic examination of her viscera samples to ascertain the cause of death. The samples would be sent to forensic scientific laboratory (FSL), Patiala.While the post-mortem was being conducted, Mohali Police obtained call details of the two cell phones of Fiza Mohammed and quizzed half-a-dozen youth on Monday. He call details were scrutinized by crime branch sleuths of district police.A police source told TOI, \"A sector 20 Panchkula resident attached with a TV channel was picked up and released after brief questioning.\" A hunt for two youth, allegedly spotted along with Fiza at local discotheques, was also initiated by the Mohali police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382293", "title": "Centre will review gas diversion, says CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy said the Centre was expected to review its decision on diversion of gas to Ratnagiri Dhabol plant in Maharashtra on Tuesday.Following the outcry from all political parties on the gas diversion, the CM rushed to Delhi to persuade the Centre to reconsider the decision taken as per the 2008 recommendation of the empowered group of ministers (EGoM) on the gas allocation.Accompanied by party MPs, the CM had an hour-long meeting with PM Manmohan Singh on Monday preceded by another meeting with Union power minister M Veerappa Moily.Talking to the media late in the night, Kiran Kumar said the PM had assured that he would take a view on allocation of gas to Ratnagiri plant on Tuesday. \"We have explained to the PM the problems being faced by the state because of unprecedented power shortage. We brought to his notice how the scanty rainfall has aggravated the problem,\" he said adding that the PM was sympathetic to the state.The CM said that they had requested the Centre to supply gas as per the 2009 agreement.\"The state's entitlement is 9.16 MMSCMD but we are getting only 3.48 MMSCMD only. The diversion of 2 MMSCMD will aggravate the problem,\" he said. The state was facing a shortfall of 30 to 35 million units due to the EGoM decision taken in 2008, he said. \"Even though the EGoM decision fixed the state quota at 9.16 MMSCMD, the supply has not exceeded 3.48 MMSCMD. Now with another cut of 2MMSCMD, demand-supply gap will increase by 45 to 55 MU per day,\" he said.Ministers Ponnala Lakshmaiah, G Srinivasa Rao, Union ministers MM Pallam Raju, Panabaka Lakshmi , D Purandeswari and MPs K V P Ramachandra Rao, MA Khan, J D Seelam, V Arun Kumar, K Bapiraju, K Govardhana Reddy, K Samba Siva Rao, Chinta Mohan, Nandi Yellaiah, M Jagannath, G Vivekanand were with the chief minister during the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385281", "title": "Aamir Khan takes on Dhoom 3", "text": "At around 1.15 am on Monday, we spotted Aamir Khan with his eight-month-old son Azad Rao Khan, comfortably strapped to his chest, as father-son proceeded to board an international flight to Chicago , USA. The actor will stay there along with his family for nearly three months for the shoot of YRF's much awaited Dhoom 3 .Azad, who was born on December 1 last year, and named after his great grandfather Abdul Kalam Azad, looked unfazed by all the attention. Even as Aamir played doting papa to the T, with his hand placed firmly behind the toddler's head to protect him.Apparently, this is the bonny boy's first international trip along with his parents. Aamir was dressed for the occasion and personified cool chic in his coloured (green) denims, white ganji and black fedora hat.The third installment of Yash Raj Films' Dhoom series has Aamir playing the antagonist opposite leading lady Katrina Kaif . The film's climax sees an all-out, fist-to-fist, man-to-woman fight between Aamir and Kat in what promises to be a one-of-its-kind duel between two powerful adversaries. Both actors have undergone a strict exercise and diet regime to get into shape and acquire the right look and feel for the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "15383596", "title": "A small cat triggers big smile", "text": "PALANPUR: The rusty-spotted cat (prionailurus rubiginosus), smallest member in the cat's family and a rare species, has been sighted in Jasore's wildlife sanctuary in Banaskantha district. Wildlife photographer Kamlesh Joshi saw the cat last week, which has been specified in the Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. Small cat is found in south Gujarat, Gir forest and also in Chotta Udepur in Vadodara district.\"Credit should go to Joshi for finding the habitat of the small cat in Jasore,\" principal chief conservator of forests, social forestry, HS Singh, said.\"Small cat is a nocturnal species and hence sighting it in forest is difficult. Former ruler of Vasda Digvijaysinhji though had claimed to have sighted it long ago. It was first ever photographed by BJ Pathak, director, Gujarat Ecological Education and Research (Geer) Foundation in 1988. Closely related to leopard, its size is that of a domestic cat. This cat is also found in some pockets of Western Ghats, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir. It is also found in Sri Lanka,\" Singh said, expressing concern that its number has gone down considerably.Joshi said, \"I was surprised to see the small cat just 25 steps away from me. It weighed around 3 kgs and was 65 cms in length. It was hunting a mouse near a stream.\"Environmentalists like Kunal Patel and Surendra Gupta said, \"The focus of most of the researchers is big cats. A proper study on small cat is yet to be carried out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15381907", "title": "IITP celebrates 5th Foundation Day", "text": "PATNA: IIT Patna (IITP) on Monday celebrated its 5th Foundation Day and Freshers' Day 2012, during which the institute's registrar, Subhash Pandey, called upon students to care for protection of their environment. \"It is our prime duty to think about environment,\" he said, adding, \"Environmental change is a very important issue and the institution is very concerned about it.\"Various events like a blood donation camp, tree plantation, debate competition and cultural events were organized throughout the day to celebrate the two occasions.Delivering the Foundation Day lecture on \"Is climate changing?\", S K Dube of the Centre for Atmospheric Sciences, IIT Delhi , who is also the ex-director, IIT Kharagpur, said, \"It is now globally accepted that despite uncertainties, climate change is a reality and India is no exception to it.\" He added, \"A strategic knowledge system is essential for identifying, formulating, planning and implementing policy driven actions while maintaining the necessary economic growth rate.\"A debate competition on \"Influx of foreign universities versus the development of IITs\" was held, in which six teams of two students each put forth their views for and against the motion. Ashok De, director, NIT Patna, Sangeeta Lal, assistant professor, Magadh University and Nalin Bharti, assistant professor, IIT Patna, judged the participants.About 70 trees were planted on the campus by the faculty members on the occasion. Dr B B Sinha, in charge, Red Cross Blood Bank, Bihar, appealed to the institute's students and faculty to donate blood every three months.His appeal elicited favourable response from students. Shaivya, a PhD scholar, said, \"It is no big deal. I've donated blood earlier too.\" Kishore and Pravin, both fourth-year B. Tech students, said, \"It feels good to donate blood.\" Manish Kumar, a PhD student, added, \"This is a precious donation.\"Different sport events were also held on the occasion. Evening festivities included a cultural event, Nebula 2012. Song, dance, fashion show and drama added colour to the show, which were followed by a cake cutting ceremony and dinner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382399", "title": "Cops to get Jundal, Kasab in face-off", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch has sought home department permission for custodial interrogation of lone Pakistani 26/11 terror accused Ajmal Kasab . Although Kasab is lodged in the special cell in Mumbai, a decision regarding his custody stays with the Central government.\"The Bombay high court has convicted him but his case is pending with the Supreme Court. Hence, any decision on him must to be taken by the central government,\" an officer said.Last week, the crime branch wrote to the home department seeking his custody as they are likely to get the deported 26/11 conspirator Sayed Zabiuddin alias Abu Jundal face-to-face with Kasab next week. Sources said they will seek permission from the special court so that they can take either Kasab to the police headquarters, where Jundal is, or take Jundal to the high security cell at Arthur Road jail, where Kasab is.The police said there were contradictions in the versions regarding the six unknown handlers and Pakistani ISI officials' involvement in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks. They said Ansari, who got the nickname 'Abu Jundal' after he completed \"physical and spiritual training\" in Pakistan , is a key accused in 26/11.While Kasab had told police that Jundal had given him arms and ammunition training, Jundal said he did not participate in that but only gave Hindi and Marathi lessons to Kasab and nine others. Kasab had named Jundal among the 13 Pakistani handlers who had gone to see them off to Al Hussain, the Pakistani ship in which they sail from Karachi , and which later captured Indian fishing trawler M V Kuber. But Jundal, during interrogation, said he did not see off Kasab.During interrogation, Kasab had named 13 Pakistanis who came for the send-off; Jundal, Abu Kahafa, Abu Humza and Zaki-ur-Rahman Lakhvi key among them. \"Jundal is an important conspirator as he was present in the control room along with five Pakistani Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives who were dictating terms to the 10, including Kasab, who were sent to Mumbai in 2008. Many of them we only know by their nicknames. Jundal, being in a core group, may be knowing the others well,'' said an official.on condition of anonymity. One of the accused arrested in German bakery blastwas asked to recognize the voice of the handlers of 26/11. He identified one of the voices was of Zabiuddin Ansari who posed as Abu Jundal. Crime branch will take expert's help to match the voices. the pure hindi words like prashasan and yuvak have been used by handlers suggesting the involvement of some Indian.'' Added officer.Once the crime branch finishes his custody on August 13, the Maharashtra Anti Terrorism Squad ( ATS) will seek Jundal's custody in two offences of Aurangabad arms haul case and German bakeryblast of Pune. Jundal who hails from Gevrai Taluka in Beed district was a student of Indian Technical Institute in Beed, had a sudden rise in the ranks of Lashker-e-Taiba after he was indoctrinate by banned SIMI post Gujarat riots in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "purshura (hooghly)", "code": "15383143", "title": "Man kills wife, 7-year-old son", "text": "PURSHURA (HOOGHLY): A 33-year-old woman and her seven-year-old son were found murdered at Adhikaripara in Purshura on Monday morning, said police. Police are looking for the woman's husband Lakkhi Adhikari, who has gone into hiding.Sulekha Adhikari and her son Anil, a Class-II student, were found lying in a pool of blood in their home. Both had multiple stab injuries and their throats were slit with a knife. After preliminary probe, police suspect a family feud may have led Lakkhi to kill his wife and son. Neighbours informed the police which has launched a hunt for Lakkhi Adhikari, the woman's husband.A family feud might have led Lakkhi, a truck driver, to kill his wife and only son, the police suspected. Neighbours said that he had assaulted the two recently. On Sunday night, Lakkhi turned on them again. He beat them up, locked them in a room and may have slit their throats, said sources.He then fled the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15382761", "title": "House panel to look into woes of CRZ-affected", "text": "PORVORIM: Minister for environment Alina Saldanha said a House committee would be constituted to look into the problems of coastal dwellers over CRZ.Referring to the grievances, raised by MLAs during the demands for grants to environment, Saldanha said the government is working towards protecting coastal dwellers.Members had sought the government's intervention saying that village panchayats, in view of court directions, have issued demolition notices to many houses that have extended their structures.Saldanha also said that additional staff would be provided to CZMA.Pointing out that the state forest policy is ready and would be declared in 20 days, she said, \"It is being sent to the law department for vetting.\"She also announced that the last date given to the committee for seeking suggestions to demarcate the buffer zone around wildlife sanctuaries has been extended to September 15.\"It will be in consonance with the local requirement, but not compromising with the fragile environment,\" Saldanha said.On the issue of destruction of springs and water bodies due to construction activities, she said the government will initiate action as village panchayats and municipal bodies, which are required to protect the water bodies, have been giving licences for construction activities instead.The government will engage the services of CCE to mitigate the effect of climate change in the state, said the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382314", "title": "Beijing station chief of RAW dismissed for professional misconduct", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has dismissed Amreet Ahluwalia, Beijing station chief of external intelligence agency Research &amp; Analysis Wing (RAW) for professional misconduct, including possible compromise of operational secrets.Sources said there may not have been any espionage angle to the dismissal of Ahluwalia.The joint secretary rank officer was dismissed under Article 311 of the Constitution which empowers the President to outright dismiss a government servant \"in the interest of the security of the State\". Sources said the decision was approved by the Prime Minister, and formally signed into order by former President Pratibha Patil during her last days in office.A senior official in the security establishment said Ahluwalia was dismissed for \"professional misconduct\" that may have compromised \"operational secrets\". But he said that Ahluwalia's act may not have involved any foreigners.Sources indicated Ahluwalia may have crossed professional contours and defied the RAW hierarchy. He may also have developed serious professional differences with his superiors in the agency, leading to virtual defiance of the regimented RAW hierarchy and its secrecy.One report indicated that he may have threatened to take his professional disagreements to the political leadership. During his posting in the US earlier, he had a similar run in with the agency leadership after he established direct contacts with the top brass of the security establishment. He was reprimanded in that case.For a second time when Ahluwalia exhibited the same behaviour the government may have decided to put an abrupt end to his recalcitrant ways than let another controversy to erupt in the security establishment.Ahluwalia, a member of RAW, had been a high-profile member of the intelligence agency with foreign postings including in the US as well as sensitive domestic postings in headquarters and Jammu and Kashmir.Section 2 of Article 311 is rarely invoked to dismiss an officer without an inquiry. It is used mostly by the intelligence and military apparatus, in cases where detailed inquiries can compromise national security details. RAW had invoked the clause, when Rabinder Singh, a senior member of the intelligence agency, defected to the US after allegedly being a CIA mole for years. No retirement benefits would be available to officers dismissed under the provision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381727", "title": "Fun on campus: Colleges get ready for season of fests", "text": "MUMBAI: It is that time of the year when festivities take over regular lectures as students gear up to host their respective college fests.Umang, the inter-collegiate cultural festival of NM College in Vile Parle, is in its 13th year and is bigger than ever.With 'A Mariner's Saga' as the theme for this year's fest, participants can expect to unearth hidden secrets of the world unknown. \"Umang provides a platform for a spectrum of varied forms of arts, including literary arts, fine arts, performing arts, management skills as well as sports. We have been getting footfalls of over 50,000 college students during the four-day fest. As many as 8,000 participants from over 250 colleges in the country have been making their presence felt at Umang since its inception in 2000,\" said a student from the organizing team.Thirty-four years after its inception, St Xavier's 'Malhar Local-2012' aims to stand true to the theme. \"The aim is to retain and enhance the glory of Malhar through better participation, improved quality of events, transparent results and a sustainable coordination with the autonomous system of education in the college,\" said Aadi Vaidya, chairperson, Malhar 2012. Students can expect more energy and versatility in the host of events including dance, music, fashion shows, workshops, etc.For Bachelor of Management Studies (BMS) students of Lala Lajpatrai College, the fact that they had organized the first inter-college BMS fest makes 'Tsunami' an important event. Lasting over nine days, making it the longest period for any college festival, the college claims to put forward events like no other. \"For starters, we will have a treasure hunt at Essel World this year , which is raking up most of the entries. We will also host a Youth Parliament, which was judged by Aditya Thackeray last year,\" said Mishil Shah, one of the organizers.Recently, students of St Andrew's College organized their annual inter-collegiate music festival-Intune -and closed the event on a high note. Held in the first week of August, Intune 2012 saw exceptional performances from nine major Mumbai colleges, including S. Xavier's, Sophia, Mithibai, St Francis , St. Xavier's Mahim and SIES, KC and the hosts, St. Andrew's. This year, the Indian music prize was won by Ruel Sequeira of St Francis College , Borivli, while the Western music trophy was claimed by St Xavier's College, Mumbai.St Andrew's students will also host their annual drama-fest-Olio-on September 7 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385073", "title": "Allari Naresh\u2019s new movie is Yamudiki Mogudu", "text": "Allari Naresh's new film in the Yamalokam backdrop is likely to be titled Yamudiki Mogudu. Sources say that the makers are planning to title the socio-fantasy entertainer as Yamudiki Mogudu, a yesteryear super hit film starring mega star Chiranjeevi.The film, which is directed by E Sattibabu and produced by Chanti Addala, has newcomer Richa Panai as heroine while Ramya Krishna is playing Naresh's aunt. This comic film also has Chiranjeevi's famous song 'Atto Attamma Kutura' remixed from the hit film Alluda Mazaka. The song was recently shot on Naresh, Richa Panai and Ramya Krishna at RFC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382659", "title": "We're unfit to be called human beings", "text": "BANGALORE: It's not often that an education minister has to visit a varsity to see for himself its dismal condition. But that's what happened at Bangalore University's Jnanabharathi campus on Monday.Higher education minister CT Ravi, law minister S Suresh Kumar and principal secretary (education) Siddaiah were shocked by the state of affairs. After the turmoil in the higher echelons of Bangalore University issue rocked both Houses of legislature last week, the government has decided to take some action.At a room in the women's hostel, the principal secretary gasped: \"We're unfit to be called human beings. What is this supposed to be?\" When the warden explained that all the halls for full, he exclaimed: \"Good you didn't use the corridors also.\" The warden complained about water, electricity connections, not enough toilets, no septic tank, no fence...And they smiled sheepishly at the black humour of the note on a locked room: 'Due to water leakage in our room, our luggage is getting wet and so we've kept them here. Please do not break the lock.'The men's hostel was in worse condition. The students ensured visitors got a taste of what they endure every day, even the stinking toilet. After the ministers, bureaucrat and registrar entered the bathroom, the students invited the V-C, who was standing far outside. \"We want the VC to come and see what we go through,'' students said.BU staff had a tough time answering questions. When Nandini N, in-charge of student welfare, was asked about hostel food, she said: \"We need more money for meals. Now we spend Rs 35 per meal.\" The principal secretary retorted: \"Why, are you serving biriyani every day?\" Nandini replied: \"No sir, the rates are going up, especially that of bananas.\"When the visitors went to unfinished buildings, Suresh Kumar asked whether the bill was submitted. The BU official replied in the affirmative, but admitted it had been done only 20 days ago.And at the end of it, students had nothing to take back but empty assurances.Minister speak* We'll sit with the chief minister and the governor and discuss it. This is not a problem that can be solved in a day or two. When a person is in the ICU, it's important to not just see him out but also see that he returns to a normal life. Setting things right in BU will take time as a lot needs to be cleaned up.C T Ravi | education minister* I'm worried about the students' future. The problem is that nobody is willing to take responsibility for it. Suresh Kumar | law minister.The spatThe ministers' visit was meant to bring together the warring men -- vice-chancellor and registrar. But it turned out to be a damp squib. When the education minister was asked about the spat, he said: \"Both of us know what the problem is; so let's not state the obvious. Answering your questions will not solve the problem. Let's work towards a solution and then speak.\"Vice-chancellor N Prabhu Dev kept a low profile throughout the inspection. He didn't go down to receive the ministers but met them when they came to his chamber while inspecting the administrative block. During the inspection, he stayed in the background and registrar BC Mylarappa took centre stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15381013", "title": "Chambal ravines to grow fruits, medicinal plants", "text": "BHOPAL: Once infamous for its dacoits, the Chambal ravines in Madhya Pradesh would be made green by planting trees and helping villagers generate an additional income out of it, Gwalior-based Rajmata Vijayaraje Scindia Krishi Vishwa Vidyalaya (RVSKVV) vice chancellor Vijay Singh Tomar said.The task for improving greenery there, spread over 6-7 lakh hectares of land in Gwalior-Chambal division, has been assigned to the university by the Centre recently, Tomar told agencies on Monday.The Centre has given a fund of Rs two crore to the RVSKVV for the purpose.Under the scheme, farmers would be encouraged to plant fruit bearing trees and grow additional crops in the ravines, the vice-chancellor said.Fruit trees like mango, amla, pomegranate, guava and ber (Indian jujube), medicinal plants and those used for firewood would be grown in the ravine areas, Tomar said.Efforts would be undertaken to spread awareness in farmers that they can earn additional money by planting fruit bearing trees and make fodder available for their cattle year round.If the scheme turns out to be successful, then food processing units would also be set up there to generate employment avenues for the local people, Tomar said. So far, the ravines have been known for dacoit menace, but efforts are being made to bring a change in the mindset by transforming the Chambal area into a fertile land, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382210", "title": "'Terrorists after conviction can't leave prison'", "text": "MUMBAI: Convicted terrorists will not be eligible for furlough leave from prison, according to the Maharashtra government's new rules for prisoners. Earlier this year in February, a notification was issued amending the Prisons (Bombay Furlough and Parole) Rules, 1959, according to which persons convicted of terrorist crimes would not be entitled to be granted furlough.On Monday the Bombay high court asked the Maharashtra government to clarify whether the change in rules would also apply to parole.According to advocate Arfan Sait, who is on the high court legal aid panel, a convicted prisoner serving his jail term can avail of two options to seek temporary leave from the jail to visit his home---parole and furlough. While parole is granted in cases of emergencies, furlough leave is available as a right to the prisoner.Under the rules, a prisoner who has been convicted can apply for parole leave for 30 days, in case of any emergency in his family. This can be extended to another 60 days. Parole is usually at the discretion of authorities.A furlough leave of 14 days is available to a convict inmate who has spent two years in jail. This can be extended by another 14 days.The new rules also say that a prisoner convicted for offences such as dacoity, kidnapping, smuggling and those under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act shall not be released on furlough.The high court's direction to the state came during the hearing of an application filed by Salim Shaikh, who was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment for his alleged involvement in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case. Shaikh has sough parole to arrange his daughter's wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381254", "title": "Power bills upsetting industrialists in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "INDORE: The power bills in the state are giving a shocker to the industrial consumers with the increasing charges for last few months.The power distribution companies have allegedly raised bills charging Fuel Cost Adjustment (FCA) for the quarter Feb-April in violation to the directives of MP electricity regulatory commission (MPERC).The FCA charges billed by Discoms in June for the months of March, April and May, 2012, was in violation of the tariff order issued by the commission, alleged M C Rawat, secretary textile mills association. He has sent a letter to the commission in request to look into the matter.Talking to TOI, Rawat said, \"The association has asked for new direction to be given to the Discoms to withdraw the FCA charges levied on the bills for June which are probably based on February-April period.\"The new tariff order for the current fiscal, issued by the MPERC on March 31 came into effect from April 10. According to the new tariff, the FCA charges should be recoverable in respect of any increase in fuel cost from April 10 at the rate of 13 paise per unit consumed.The FCA charges for April-June are to be billed in September and for July-September in December as per clause 5.16 of the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382341", "title": "Leopard strikes twice in 15 days, kills 12-yr-old", "text": "MUMBAI: Fear returned to haunt people living inside and around Tansa wildlife sanctuary in Thane district where a 12-year-old boy from Wandre village in Shahapur taluka was killed by a leopard on Sunday evening. He is the second person from the area to have fallen prey to leopard attack within a fortnight.On July 26, a woman from Mauli village near the sanctuary had gone inside the forest to farm when she was dragged away by a leopard. She later died of her injuries.Forest officials, who suspect that both the attacks were by the same animal, said encroachment into forest land was one of the main reasons behind the frequent strikes.According to the Shahapur police, Akshay Bhavar stayed in a village inside the sanctuary. On Sunday evening, he and his two friends Devnath and Nilya left the clearing of their village andleft the clearing of their village and walked inside the forest when he was attacked by a leopard. \"Seeing the leopard pouncing on Akshay, his friends ran back home. They did not even tell their parents about the incident,\" said G D Pingle, in-charge, Shahapur police station. When Akshay's parents could not find him even after searching him the entire night, they confronted Devnath and Nilya the next day. The two told about the leopard's attack.The villagers called forest officials. Within one-and-a-half km from the village, the officials spotted the leopard sitting in the thicket and feeding on the remains of the boy. On seeing them, it escaped into the denser area of the sanctury, said the Shahapur police. The boy's body has been sent for post-mortem.The incident has again raised concerns about the safety of the villagers staying inside and outside Tansa sanctuary.The villagers have threatened to kill the leopard if the forest department failed to prevent further attacks. Even as chief conservator of forests R K Pole assured safety, he said, encroachment was the main problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382628", "title": "Burglars loot Rs 32L from house", "text": "CHENNAI: Burglars broke into the house of Shivakumar, a resident of Vengaivasal in Tambaram, and made away with 32 lakh in cash from the cupboard and a laptop. The burglars also ransacked the entire house.The burglary took place when no one was at the home. Police said Shivakumar's wife Anandi had gone to her mothers' house as she is pregnant and Shivakumar visited a temple in Tiruchendur on Saturday. He returned to the city on Sunday night and found the back door of the house broken.Shivakumar had sold a property in Tiruvallur and kept the cash at home. He wanted to buy a house in Medavakkam with the money.Police said the back door was broken using a crowbar and the burglars had strewn all the household stuff helter skelter. They also took away a laptop and some house hold article. A dog squad was pressed into service and finger prints were also taken from the scene of the crime.Police suspect that it could be the job of an insider as they knew that a large amount of cash was kept in the house. Police said they were matching the finger prints with those of the other known offenders in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "15382473", "title": "2 cops hurt in attack by villagers over power supply", "text": "BIKANER: Angry villagers attacked policemen with iron rods and sticks in Kolayat tehsil on Monday night. Residents of Jhajju village, which faced a six-hour long power cut, vandalized the sub-station of JVVNL (Jaipur Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited) and attacked the policemen to demand restoration of electric supply.At least two cops were injured in the attack. A case has been registered against the villagers and one accused has been arrested.SHO, Anil Vishnoi said, the villagers demonstrated at the JVVNL premises and subsequently damaged the furniture of the sub station. The authorities informed the police. ASI Ram Vilas along with three constables-Baluram, Suresh, Sukhdarshan-rushed to the spot. Attempts to pacify the mob failed and the cops too were attacked.The ASI suffered head injury, while another constable also got hurt. The other two cops managed to run away from the scene and informed senior officers, the SHO said. By the time the SHO and his team reached the spot, the villagers had fled.Vishoi said a case has been registered under Sections 307, 322 and 353 of IPC against the villagers. The injured ASI is undergoing treatment at the PBM hospital.SHO Anil Vishnoi told TOI that late Sunday night at around 1030 p.m. dozens of villagers equipped with lathi and iron rods went to Sub-Station of JVVNL at village Jhajjhu demanding proper power supply in the area. Firstly they started demonstration, shouted slogans and then started breaking the furniture etc. JNVVL authorities reported the matter to Kolayat Police Station. Accordingly, ASI Ram Vilas along-with Constable Baluram, Suresh and Sukhdarshan rushed to village Jhajjhu and he tried to convince the agitated villagers for maintaining peace. But, instead of getting convinced they become more agitated and attacked on the police team. Someone hit iron rod on the head of ASI Ram Vilas and he got serious head injury. Another Constable Baluram got injury due to attack by lathi. Two other policemen ran away from the spot and reported the matter to higher police authorities.Immediately, SHO Anil Vishnoi and large number of policemen rushed to village Jhajjhu, but the villagers ran away before reaching the police. He said villagers attacked JNVVL Sub-station with an intention to get it damaged, and when police personnel tried to convince them, they brutally attacked on the policemen.Injured ASI Ram Vilas was first taken to PHC at Kolayat, from where he was referred to PBM Hospital at Bikaner, where he is under treatment.SHO Vishnoi said that a case has been registered u/s 307, 322 and 353 of IPC against Akhtar Kasai, Hasan, Farid Ahmed, Nek Mohammad, Jafar, Salim and others. SHO Vishnoi said one of the accused Mohd. Sayeed has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381773", "title": "'Vendors on roads pose health risk'", "text": "MUMBAI: Food vendors on city streets could pose serious health hazards, MNS corporator Chetan Kadam highlighted at the general body meeting of the BMC on Monday.\"Vendors selling cooked items do not follow hygiene standards and risk the health of consumers. Their food tends to attract mosquitoes and causes serious health concerns,\" said Kadam.Samajwadi corporator Yakoob Memon said a humane angle should be taken while tackling the hawker issue. \"Hawkers set up stalls to earn a living. It's unfair to target them. We have all bought foodstuff from hawkers at some point. So why this hypocrisy,\" asked Memon.Former mayor and Shiv Sena corporator Shubha Raul said vendors selling grocery and fruits should be exempted. \"At IC colony or Dahisar(east) municipal markets are either shut down or in a dilapidated condition. So a housewife has no option but to buy from such vendors. Action should be taken on vendors who sell tea, Chinese food, vada pav and those who sell food in the open,\"said raul.Mayor Sunil Prabhu said it is the BMC's responsibility keep citizens safe and action should be taken against vendors selling foodstuff on the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382182", "title": "CCTVs in Mumbai at least 2 yrs away, tenders to be invited again", "text": "MUMBAI: Four years after a panel probing the 26/11 attacks recommended installation of CCTVs in Mumbai and other major cities of Maharashtra, the home department has blamed state-run MTNL for the delay in implementing the proposal in Mumbai.\"Following the 26/11 attacks, we decided to install a network of 6,000 CCTVs in the metropolis. Now, we have been informed by MTNL that it had blacklisted one of the members in its consortium. Under such circumstances, we have no option but to cancel the entire tender process. If MTNL had blacklisted the company, it should have informed us right at the start of the bidding process last year. Moreover, MTNL shouldn't have formed a consortium with a company it blacklisted in the first place,\" a senior official told TOI on Monday. \"We will take a decision on calling for new tenders in a day or two. As such, it will take at least two more years to install the CCTVs,'' he added.However, the official could not say why it took more than two years for the proposal to be considered by the cabinet in the first place.Following the terror attack on the metropolis on November 26, 2008, the state government set up a high-level committee headed by former chief secretary Ram Pradhan to probe security loopholes and recommend measures to improve the performance of the police. One of the major recommendations of the Pradhan committee was that the government should install a comprehensive network of CCTVs not only in Mumbai, but also in Pune, Nagpur, Nashik and Aurangabad. The Pradhan committee report was tabled in December 2009, but the CCTV recommendation was taken up well after the February 13, 2010, blast at Pune's German Bakery. The state cabinet, on July 24, 2011, accepted the recommendation of the Pradhan committee and on July 31, floated a tender to install 6,000 CCTVs in the metropolis. It received a total of 10 bids, which were examined by a high-powered committee. Two bidders qualified in the final round - a consortium led by Allied Digital Services, comprising MTNL and DWPL, and CMC. The Allied consortium quoted a price of Rs 824.85 crore, while CMC quoted Rs 17,069 crore, so the bid submitted by the Allied consortium was accepted.Subsequently, when the home department sought an undertaking from all the consortium members on their legal status, pending litigations and other credentials, Allied informed the government that it was under scrutiny of MTNL. The telecom company later informed the state government that it had blacklisted Allied Digital Services. \"On August 6, we asked MTNL to submit its contention on the current status of Allied Digital Services and it then informed us that Allied Digital Services continues to be blacklisted. Under such circumstances, it was not possible for us to award the contract to a consortium whose lead partner is under scrutiny. We have convened a meeting of the high-level committee, headed by Jayant Kumar Banthia, on August 7 to take a decision and will have to start the bidding process afresh. It's really unfortunate that even four years after the attack, we have not been able to provide CCTV cover to the metropolis,'' the home ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "former karnataka lokayukta justice santosh n hegde on monday described anna hazare's plan to launch a political party as an \"impossible task even as a venture.\" stating that he had ceased to be part of the anna team, which has now been dissolved, justice hegde in a brief interview to toi here on monday said", "code": "15385553", "title": "Hegde sceptical of political party launch", "text": "Former Karnataka Lokayukta Justice Santosh N Hegde on Monday described Anna Hazare's plan to launch a political party as an \"impossible task even as a venture.\" Stating that he had ceased to be part of the Anna Team, which has now been dissolved, Justice Hegde in a brief interview to TOI here on Monday said: \"We were fighting politics and corruption all this time from outside. Now to change the system, the plan to get inside requires huge finances and manpower. It is just not possible.\"What happens to the civil society and later Team Anna movement, launched with fanfare and had raised hopes of being the spokesperson against corruption? The civil society's role commenced when the ninth draft on Lokpal Bill was put on the website. When some members of the civil society studied, they found the draft Bill was a hoax. To take that cause forward, Team Anna was formed which launched fasts and dharna. If Anna is not prepared to take up the cause now, someone else will do it.Urban voters are considered to be cynical, will this move by Team Anna of abruptly disbanding a platform which professed to fight corruption not disenchant them ? That's a subjective opinion. The support base of Anna has not been disturbed or for that matter reduced. The people's response at the Jantar Mantar in August 2011, when Team Anna launched the hunger strike was spontaneous. Until then they did not have a platform. The persons who came there had their own vocations. It was the fatigue factor of hatred for corruption which brought them there. Lack of maidan support in subsequent dharnas does not mean Anna has lost support.Will mere fight against corruption fetch votes in elections? It requires much deeper than that. In 1977, the movement launched by Jayaprakash Narayan against corruption and emergency was different. The situation is different now. One aspect to be noted is at the time of elections then, the north supported Jayaprakash Narayan's movement, but down South it got only four seats.Will aspiring politicians want to contest from an outfit, which decided to back out from a movement without taking it to the logical end? Not all have agreed to join politics from Team Anna. People who want to join politics with good intentions may do so. The Swantantra Party launched by big corporate houses or the Praja Socialist Party floated by industrialist Ashok Mehta were a failure. There were exceptions like MGR or NTR who launched regional parties and became successful. But for people like us, it is not possible. What reach do we have in the 543 Lok Sabha constituncies?What happens to Justice Hegde, who was quite vocal on Team Anna's movements? I will support any group which wants to redo Anna's ideas in a different manner, but I will not support any political party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15383084", "title": "Chandigarh to get 2 more \u2018Sec 17s\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City's Sector 17 is known to be a shoppers' paradise and attracts visitors from far and wide. But with the north-south divide widening, the administration has decided to come up with two more such commercial hubs in sectors 34 and 43.The exact location of the sub-city centres has been identified in the concept plan for year 2031 and the twin projects will provide the \"best of commercial facilities to phases II and III sectors\", which are in the city's south, \"and compensate for their distance from the main city centre\". The sub-city centre in Sector 43 will be located behind the Inter-state Bus Terminus (ISBT). It will cater to the newly-developed, high population density sectors from 47 to 61.\"Residents of sectors of phase III only have neighbourhood booth markets and have to go to showrooms in the phase II sectors. There is definitely a need for a sub-city centre for these areas. The second artificial lake and Beant Singh Memorial too could be linked to the proposed project to make the southern belt more happening,\" said a UT official.Even though the sub-city centre in Sector 34 was there in the original plan of the city, it was never developed on the lines of Sector 17. According to the draft of the concept plan, it would now be revitalized to attract visitors. The foundation stone of the sub-city centre in Sector 34 dates back to 1978. On May 12, 1978, the then chief commissioner of Chandigarh, T N Chaturvedi, had laid it. The brass plate, describing the structure in the area, has gone missing. The Sector 34 structure has a figure of a 'Bird of Peace', representing the constant need of working towards world peace. It also has an impression of a wheatear -- taken from the etchings on the walls of ramp of secretariat where it was made by some daily-wagers while on work and was traced by Le Corbusier -- and an image of 'Sun and Space' designed by the master architect.Le Corbusier had planned Chandigarh like a human body. If Capitol was its head, the city centre in Sector 17 was the heart. \"A uniform four-story height was established for all commercial buildings. A basic reinforced concrete frame of the most economical bay size and capable of interior modification was specified. Around the outside of every building block would be a 12 feet wide compulsory verandah and a unifying exterior pattern of columns and standardized concrete balustrades,\" reads the description given in UT's entry for tentative list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15381543", "title": "Six get lifer for murder", "text": "AMRAVATI: The district court on Monday sentenced six persons to life imprisonment for murder.According to information, Bhagwat Vaidya, a resident of Gavhan Nipani village in Dhamangaon Railway, is the name of the deceased. The son of the deceased Roshan Vaidya had lodged a complaint with police in which he had stated that on September 8, 2009 accused Dnyaneshwar Nimkar, Gajanan Nimkar, Madhukar Nimkar, Ramrao Bhure, Anil Bhure, Vishnu Hatwar and Vinod Siraskar had attacked Bhagwat Vaidya in which he died on the spot.It was mentioned in the complaint that on September 7, 2009, the cattle owed by Gajanan Nimkar and his brothers had entered into the farm of Vaidya and a heated exchange took place between them over the issue. The next day, Nimkar and the other accused decided to teach Vaidya a lesson. The six accused went searching for Vaidya and located him at his home.An enraged Nimkar hit Vaidya on the head with a cane and the other accused too thrashed him, in which he died on the spot.Acting on the complaint, police filed a charge sheet. The court examined 11 witnesses in this matter. On Monday, adhoc district judge T G Bansod awarded life sentence to Dnyaneshwar Nimkar, Gajanan Nimkar, Madhukar Nimkar, Ramrao Bhure, Vishnu Hatwar and Vinod Siraskar. The judgment for Anil Bhure, who was not present in the court due to illness, was reserved. Adv B Bhokare presented the side of government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15382574", "title": "Man nabbed for selling prescription drugs for abortion", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state food and drugs control administration (FDCA) officials raided a pathology lab in Chiloda in Gandhinagar district and nabbed the owner for selling schedule H drugs without prescription. The drugs were being used by patients for illegal abortions. The department has also filed a police complaint with Gandhinagar police.According to FDCA officials, a team raided Uma Pathology Laboratory near GSRTC bus stand in Chiloda on Monday afternoon. The team found a stock of two drugs - Mefipriston and Mizopristol - from the spot. Officials said that both the drugs are pregnancy suppressing drugs that are used to kill foetus after more than two months of pregnancy.tnn\"We nabbed Sanjay Patel, owner of the lab, and handed him to police for the offence. The drugs can only be prescribed by practicing gynecologists. Patel did not have any degree or qualification. He confessed that he used to sell the tablets for Rs 500 to Rs 700 against market price of Rs 200,\" said an official.HG Koshiya, FDCA commissioner, said that the raid was part of a major drive undertaken by the organization to crack down on illegal use of the drugs to abort pregnancies, mainly related to girl children. \"We have already conducted raids on more than 15 shops in industrial areas such as Vatva, Bapunagar and Naroda in Ahmedabad and have found it. The drug is used when the father realizes that the child in womb is a girl in most of the cases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15382662", "title": "NCP to hold national executive meet in Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) will hold its two-day national executive meeting in the city from September 15. It will be for the first time that the meeting will be held in the city and all national leaders including party president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar and NCP national vice president and Union minister Praful Patel will attend.This will be the second time that the party will hold its national executive in the state. Earlier, the party had held it in Surat in 2005. The party holds its national executive meeting every three years.NCP state unit president Jayant Patel made an announcement in this regard in Vadodara on Monday. NCP city unit president Nilesh Patel said Vadodara was zeroed down as a venue due to its excellent connectivity. A NCP release added that the executive meet will give a new direction to the state's politics.The state unit president also declared Nilesh Patel as the candidate for Akota assembly seat in the city. The party is also planning to put up candidates on other seats in the state too.The NCP also announced the name of Shobha Raval as president of the party's women wing in the city. Raval was so far considered a leader, who had her leaning towards the BJP. More than politics, she was known for the agitation in Karelibaug where she opposed a housing project for the poor that was planned on a plot on which Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) had earlier promised a garden or a swimming pool.The VMC had to let go of the housing project in the wake of the strong opposition. Raval was also allegedly threatened during the agitation by unknown persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382109", "title": "Cops await govt nod, plan Kasab-Jundal face-off", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch has sought home department permission for custodial interrogation of lone Pakistani 26/11 terror accused Ajmal Kasab . Although Kasab is lodged in the special cell in Mumbai, a decision regarding his custody stays with the Central government.\"The Bombay high court has convicted him but his case is pending with the Supreme Court. Hence, any decision on him must to be taken by the central government,\" an officer said.Last week, the crime branch wrote to the home department seeking his custody as they are likely to get the deported 26/11 conspirator Sayed Zabiuddin alias Abu Jundal face-to-face with Kasab next week. Sources said they will seek permission from the special court so that they can take either Kasab to the police headquarters, where Jundal is, or take Jundal to the high security cell at Arthur Road jail, where Kasab is.The police said there were contradictions in the versions regarding the six unknown handlers and Pakistani ISI officials' involvement in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks. They said Ansari, who got the nickname 'Abu Jundal' after he completed \"physical and spiritual training\" in Pakistan , is a key accused in 26/11.While Kasab had told police that Jundal had given him arms and ammunition training, Jundal said he did not participate in that but only gave Hindi and Marathi lessons to Kasab and nine others. Kasab had named Jundal among the 13 Pakistani handlers who had gone to see them off to Al Hussain, the Pakistani ship in which they sail from Karachi , and which later captured Indian fishing trawler M V Kuber. But Jundal, during interrogation, said he did not see off Kasab.During interrogation, Kasab had named 13 Pakistanis who came for the send-off; Jundal, Abu Kahafa, Abu Humza and Zaki-ur-Rahman Lakhvi key among them. \"Jundal is an important conspirator as he was present in the control room along with five Pakistani Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives who were dictating terms to the 10, including Kasab, who were sent to Mumbai in 2008. Many of them we only know by their nicknames. Jundal, being in a core group, may be knowing the others well,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15382502", "title": "European Union ambassador in Jalore to learn water conservation initiatives", "text": "JODHPUR: European Union ambassador to India Joao Cravinho visited two villages of Jalore district on Monday to learn the initiatives taken by the Jal Bhagirathi Foundation (JBF) for water conservation with the help of the villagers. Cravinho was accompanied by the chairman of the JBF Gaj Singh and his wife.He arrived in Naurva village and saw a canal constructed by the villagers. Following that Cravinho inaugurated a water treatment plant there. The plant has been set up by Nippon Poly-Glue, a Japanese firm. The plant aims to provide potable water to the villagers.He next visited Dudia village, where he saw a village pond, whose capacity has been enhanced through community efforts. He appreciated both the initiatives meant for conservation of rain water. He also saw toilets being constructed by the villagers.The JBF has joined hands with the European Union to introduce a project \"Poverty Reduction of Desert Communities in the Dry Lands of Western Rajasthan through Integrated Community Based Water Resource Management\". Under this project, the JBF has been developing models and structures for water conservation with the help of villagers in 80 villages of Barmer, Jaislamer and Jalore districts, where there is a paucity of water.\"The main objective of this project is to promote community based water conservation and management in the villages so that water scarcity, can be abolished or reduced and a long term developmental and integrated water resources management model could be worked out,\" Project Director of JBF, Kanupriya Harish, said.The project alliance between the JBF and European Union was made on March 8, 2011 in the presence of the then ambassador and head of the European Union delegation to India Daniele Smadja. The European Union will be supporting this project for a period of 48 months ending December 2014, which is expected to benefit 1 million people. The overall budget allocated for this project is Euro 1.1 million, of which 90% will be contributed by the European Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "15382902", "title": "Dehri Khud bridge cries for attention", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The 111-year-old Dehri Khud bridge in Kotla town of Kangra, one of the oldest in the region, is crying for attention. An important link between Jammu-Pathankot and Leh-Ladakh via Manali, the bridge is in a dilapidated condition, making it a cause of concern.Situated on the National Highway 20 (154) -- considered to be the lifeline of northern region, especially due to the disturbed conditions in Jammu and Kashmir -- the bridge is of much significance with the Army using it for moving supplies and other defence equipment to Leh and other border areas.Constructed in 1901, keeping in mind the prospective population for the next 50 years, the bridge is now a trembling concrete structure, which sees traffic of about 20,000 light and heavy vehicles a day, posing big danger to traffic as well as passersby. According to experts, risk to bridges start about 100 years after completion.In July 2008, the government had allotted the contract for constructing a new bridge to a Hyderabad firm, to be completed by July 7, 2010. But the firm failed to complete the project on time. A provisional extension was also granted till August 31, 2012, which is also fast nearing.\"The work was allotted to Madhwa Biotech Ltd of Hyderabad in 2008. However, they found it a tough task due to the speed of water flow in the stream. The estimated cost of the bridge is about Rs 5 crore and work is still in progress,\" said V K Dhiman, assistant engineer, national highways.However, sources said that work was delayed by the contractor over the issue of depth of pillar-wells. The base from where the pillars have to be raised is rock-hard and cannot be dug any further. A dispute is now on between the department and the contractor, who is seeking to decrease the depth of the pillar-wells, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15383368", "title": "Principal gets bail in molest case", "text": "MALDA: The principal of an English-medium school accused of drugging and molesting students in the school hostel was granted bail after he surrendered before the court on Monday. This comes a day after the state women's commission and the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights demanded strong action against the principal.Within hours of principal Najib Ali getting bail, CPM leaders alleged that he walked Scot-free as he was a member of the ruling party.It is learnt that charged under Section 354, Ali was accused of \"attempted molestation\" and the court did not find any reason for not granting him bail.When asked why such a weak case was slapped against the accused, Malda SP Jayanta Pal said: \"We framed the charge on the basis of the complaint we received. However, Ali could be interrogated in the interest of probe, if needed.\"Ratna Bhattacharya, secretary of CPM-backed Ganatantrik Mahila Samity, said, \"We have seen such precedence at Raigunj College where Trinamool workers got bail even after assaulting the principal on the college campus. It's unfortunate that the accused got bail even after committing such a heinous crime.\"Leaders of Trinamool ally Congress also minced no words in condemning the bail. Sabina Yeasmin, Congress minister of state of labour, said, \"In Kaliachak, the nexus between police and anti-socials are coming to the fore. Police are arresting the criminals considering their political colour. If the accused principal gets bail, I'm worried considering the future of the victim innocent girls.\"Social welfare minister Sabitri Mitra had on Sunday denied any connection of Ali with her party.It may be mentioned that three students of SS Point Residential School of Nazirpur and their guardians had alleged that Ali, who lived just beside the school, used to misbehave with the girls living in the hostel. They also alleged that the principal, who is known to be a Trinamool Congress activist, used to make the girls consume liquor in the name of medicine if they were ill. A complaint was lodged with the police on August 3.It was alleged that few days back, a Class-IX girl fell sick. In the name of giving medicine to her, Ali drugged her. As the girl fell unconscious, he allegedly molested the girl. Two other girls of Class VII and Class IX had had the similar experience. Ali also used to threaten the victims not to divulge these to their families. As the allegations of the girls rocked the state, the principal termed the allegations as 'conspiracy' and absconded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382281", "title": "V-P election: Jaswant gets Jayalalithaa's support", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Monday announced her party's support for NDA's vice-presidential nominee Jaswant Singh, saying that there has to be an opposition in a democracy. She also cited her personal regard for the 74-year-old leader, who is pitted against Vice-President Hamid Ansari in Tuesday's poll.The AIADMK chief's announcement, though on expected lines, came after Singh met Jayalalithaa at her Poes Garden residence here on Monday. \"Simply because the ruling dispensation has put up a candidate who appears to have a winning chance, it doesn't mean that no one else can contest,\" she told reporters at a press conference at her residence soon after her return from a stay in Kodanad in the Nilgiris. \"To reinforce my firm belief and conviction in true democracy, I want to make our opposition known and felt,\" she said.Jayalalithaa recalled her 28-year-old association with the senior BJP leader since 1984, when she was a member of the Upper House and described him as one of the \"finest\" in Indian politics and a \"gentleman\" politician. \"So, it is a mark of my personal esteem and regard for Jaswant Singh that the AIADMK has decided to support his candidature,\" she said.Emerging from a 20-minute meeting, Singh, accompanied by BJP Rajya Sabha MP and his election agent Rajiv Pratap Rudy, told reporters that he was \"on a vice-presidential yatra\". \"I am glad personally and as the NDA nominee to have been assured the AIADMK's support,\" he said.Singh also met MDMK chief Vaiko, who assured him the support of the party's lone MP.In an electorate of 790 in both houses of Parliament, Ansari, who is seeking a second term as the UPA candidate, is expected to get at least 475 votes with the Left deciding to support him. Jaswant Singh is not expected to get more than 265 votes even with the support of the 14 AIADMK MPs \u2014 nine in the Lok Sabha and five in the Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381703", "title": "10k phones go dead after cable thefts", "text": "MUMBAI: A second-year hotel management student and his two accomplices were arrested on Monday for stealing over 100 m of MTNL cables in the last 10 days in Mulund (E).MTNL had received 10,000 complaints in the last 10 days of lines being down in the area.A gang of four people, including the student, Pradeep Maurya, and his aides-Ramkesh Yadav (32) and Mahesh Kewat (33), stole the wires and sold them for Rs 400 per kg. The gang ran short of luck at 3am on Monday when their tempo, in which they carried the wires, was stopped by patrolling police. Security had been heightened after the Pune blasts. The main accused managed to flee while the rest were arrested.Cops found the four accused in the tempo, hovering around the utility ducts, and stopped them. The accused identified themselves as MTNL employees. Yadav and Kewat were earlier employed on contract basis to dig land to lay the cable wires. \"They were aware of the location where the wires are laid. They used to enter the ducts to cut the cable wire from both ends,\" said cops.MTNL had received over 10,000 complaints in the last 10 days of phone lines being down in in Mulund (E).The MTNL office found out that the lines were down due to cable wire thefts.Based on MTNL officer Anantraj Pillai's complaint, deputy commissioner of police (zone VII) Mahesh Ghurye's team arrested the accused.Pillai was not available for comments. Maurya said he had joined the gang few months ago, and had also taken a godown on lease in Mumbra. The stolen wires were dumped at the godown and sold in bulk quantity,\" he said. The accused have been booked for theft. Police are searching for the main accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383040", "title": "Civic body to return award presented by Karnataka govt", "text": "PUNE: All political parties on Monday stood undivided as the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) decided to return Karnataka government's award in protest against the dissolution of the Belgaum Municipal Corporation (BMC) recently.Mayor Vaishali Bankar said, \"PMC officials recently received an award declared by the Karnataka government for best solid waste management.However, an all-party meeting on Monday decided that the award should be returned considering the Karnataka government's approach towards Marathi- speaking people in Belgaum and other areas. The PMC will also write a letter to the Karnataka government and communicate the PMC's displeasure at the turn of events.\"The Karnataka government had organised a competition for best solid waste management systems. Nearly 200 municipal corporations in the country had participated in the competition. PMC won the award for best solid waste management. The award consists of a trophy and a certificate. The award distribution ceremony took place in Karanataka last week.The Marathi-speaking people in Belgaum and other border areas stage protests on November 1 every year, which is the foundation day of Karnataka state. As a consequence, the Karnataka government dissolved the Belgaum Municipal Corporation (BMC). The matter is now sub-judice.The Marathi people living here have been demanding merger of some areas along the Maharashtra-Karnataka border with Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383123", "title": "Third bicycle traced to Phadke Haud shop", "text": "PUNE: Investigators have picked up the shop owner who sold the third bicycle used to place one of the six bombs on Jangli Maharaj Road on August 1.Sources said the owner was being questioned by officials of the anti-terrorism squad (ATS). \"The shop from where the third bicycle was purchased is located in Phadke Haud area,\" sources said. The area has several cycle shops.Three of the six bombs planted on Jangli Maharaj road were kept in the front baskets of three bicycles purchased on the morning the blasts took place.Investigation agencies traced the owners of all three cycles with the help of the serial numbers embossed on each by the manufacturing company.Two of the cycles were traced to a single shop in Phadke Haud chowk. Investigators have drawn sketches of the two suspects after gathering descriptions from the owner and two employees.The third shop owner was traced after several others in the area were questioned. \"We are trying to get a description of the third person,\" a source said. No other details were available.Footage from the CCTV cameras from many shops and restaurants in the city has been collected. Police officials in each zone of the commissionerate have been assigned to collect the CCTV footage from their jurisdictions. ATS officials are studying each frame of the footage obtained by the police. \"We are expecting a major breakthrough,\" a police officer said.Patil undergoes MRI scanDayanand Patil, the tailor and the lone victim injured in the blast at Balgandharva chowk on August 1, underwent a magnetic resonance imaging scan at Sassoon Hospital on Monday. Doctors attending to him refused to part with any information about the scan report.\"Patil was complaining of severe backache, hence the MRI scan was done,\" said a doctor, requesting anonymity. Doctors told TOI that Patil was in the hospital on the directions of the investigating agencies.Ajay Chandanwale, dean of Sassoon Hospital, confirmed that Patil had undergone an MRI scan. \"The report will come on Tuesday,\" Chandanwale said. Patil is being questioned in connection with the blast. He is under tight security at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15384096", "title": "Malaria vaccine to be reality soon", "text": "NEW YORK: Scientists have sequenced genome of a malaria parasite that constitutes about 65% malaria cases in India, paving the way for new vaccines to combat the disease . The National Institute of Malaria Research in India was a part of the study which focused on Plasmodium vivax (P.vivax), a species of malaria that afflicts humans and the most prevalent human malaria parasite outside Africa. P. vivax malaria constitutes about 60-65 % of total malaria cases in India.The study was led by Jane Carlton , part of New York University's Center for Genomics and Systems Biology. \"The bad news is there is significantly more genetic variation in P. vivax than we'd thought, which could make it quite adept at evading whatever arsenal of drugs and vaccines we throw at it,\" Carlton who is also heading the International Center of Excellence for Malaria Research based in India.\"However, now that we have a better understanding of the challenges we face, we can move forward with a deeper analysis of its genomic variation in pursuing more effective remedies,\" Carlton said in a statement.The researchers examined P. vivax strains from different geographic locations in West Africa, South America, and Asia, providing the researchers with the first genome-wide perspective of global variability within this species.Their analysis showed that P. vivax has twice as much genetic diversity as the world-wide Plasmodium falciparum (P. falciparum) strains, revealing an unexpected ability to evolve and, therefore, presenting new challenges in the search for treatments. Researchers from The Broad Institute, Arizona State University, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention were also part of sequencing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382354", "title": "Prasar Bharati to seek legal opinion on under-reporting of DD viewership data by TAM", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prasar Bharati Board has given its nod to seek legal opinion and hold consultations with the ministry of information and broadcasting (I&B;) on misrepresentation and under-reporting of data for Doordarshan by Television Audience Measurement (TAM).In a statement, Prasar Bharati CEO Jawahar Sircar said, \"The TAM data completely under represents terrestrial and rural reach of Doordarshan, where the major strength of the public broadcaster lies.\"Indian advertising revenues amount to Rs 36,000 crore a year according to official estimates. Sources in Prasar Bharati said that with viewership of 3.5 crore or one-third of the total viewership, the public broadcaster should have been able to garner higher revenues that the existing Rs 1,200-1,400 crore a year.Doordarshan has 37 channels including DD Bharati and DD National besides four allied channels like Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha TV. With 1,415 transmitters, DD enjoys 92% coverage of the country through its terrestrial network.In its meeting on Monday the board authorized the CEO to collate data and identify the best legal option to pursue. \"Prasar Bharati finances have taken a major hit not only because data related to coverage was constantly under-represented but also because advertisers have been influenced by TAM. The agency paid no attention to the rural population that was covered by DD and gave it an edge over satellite channels,\" a source said.In its statement, Prasar Bharati said, \"The Prasar Bharati Board has given in-principle approval to collate facts, seek legal opinion and hold consultations with the ministry on the issue of misrepresentation and under-reporting of data for Doordarshan by TAM.\"The pubcaster's move comes at a time when NDTV has filed a lawsuit worth billions of dollars against TAM in the New York Supreme Court. The channel has alleged that TAM deliberately published corrupt and tainted data favouring rival channels in return for bribes and did not correct its processes despite repeated communication between the two companies for eight years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15384370", "title": "Ramzan is also a time for savouring delicacies", "text": "KANPUR: Every day after 'Iftar' the lanes of Muslim-dominated localities including Chamanganj, Nai Sadak, Talaq Mahal, Beconganj, Colonelganj and Patkapur wear the look of festivity as not only Muslim devouts, but people from other communities also throng these places in large numbers to savour the mouth-watering delicacies.The most special dish is 'nahari' --- prepared from trotters and chunks of meat (both mutton and beef) -- which is taken with 'kulcha', a kind of 'roti' (bread) made from cornflour or 'rumali' roti (common bread).A good number of makeshift stalls compete with regular eateries to cater to the seasonal demand.\"Unlike Lucknow, where 'nahari-kulcha' is available in other months also, in our city, you can get it only during Ramzan,\" says Kashif of Chamanganj who regularly visits a 'nahari-kulcha' shop situated in the vicinity for the purpose.Yet another popular delights are chicken biryani, mutton and beef biryani and delectable 'kebab-paratha', 'seek-kebab' and 'bread-kaleji' that are consumed from the time of 'Iftar' till 'Sehari' ('Sehari' -- from dawn to dusk and 'Iftaar' from sunrise to sunset).'Kadhai salan', a kind of mutton preparation is also a delicious delicacy available during the time of Ramzan.Faheem, a businessman in Talaaq Mahal, area, says: \"These areas offers all the 'sehari' and 'iftar' treats and I never miss the chance of visiting these places with my family.\"These sumptuous dishes does not only have significance for the Muslims, but to Hindu brethren and other communities alike. \"It has become a tradition from years to relish on 'nahari-kulcha' every Ramzan by some of my Hindu friends,\" says Sharafat-ullah, a 'nahari-kulcha' seller in Chamanganj.\"Every Ramzan, I never forget to remind them about 'nahari-kulcha',\" says he.His cooks start preparing the 'nahari' dish after 'fajr' prayer (morning prayer) and sell it after 'Iftaar' with 'kulcha' and 'rumali' roti.\"Taftan, a leavened flour bread from Persian cuisine, with saffron and small amount of cardamom powder besides sheermal, a saffron-flavored traditional sweet-milk bread baked in a clay oven are also the hot favourites. Sheermal is one of the several rare Lucknow delicacies in country. It is also part of the Awadhi cuisine. Those who keeps fast mostly prefers 'sheermal' or 'taftan' during 'Sehari' time apart from 'soodpheni' or 'laccha', a kind of 'sewain' (vermicelli) taken with milk,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "15384826", "title": "Two CRPF commandos killed in IED blast in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: Two CRPF commandos were killed in an IED blast triggered by Naxalites in Chhattisgarh's Dantewada district early on Monday.The attack comes just a day after Maoists blew off an anti-landmine vehicle killing a CRPF trooper in the same district.A Tata-407 vehicle was blown up killing two CoBRA commandos on the spot, senior officials said.The commandos, identified as constable K P Singh and Mukul Burman, were carrying rations for a CRPF camp nearby when the blast occurred.Senior officials said the blast took place near Basuguda, where joint security forces had carried out a controversial encounter last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15384010", "title": "City technical institutes deny flouting norms", "text": "GURGAON: Recently, the directorate of technical education, Haryana, issued a directive that many institutions in the city are conducting technical programmes without approval of All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE).However when contacted, these institutes denied doing anything illegal. Almost all the institutes The Times of India spoke to claimed that that they are not providing any technical courses.A spokesperson of the Ansal University clarifies, \"Earlier, we were called the Ansal Institute of Technology but now we have upgraded to become the Ansal University. We fulfill all the norms of a deemed university and varsities do not need to separately seek approval for courses from AICTE. Earlier, also we would enroll students though the Indraprastha University. Therefore we were never doing anything illegal.\"Other institutes like Algol School of Management and Technology say that they are providing only MBA programmes.\"At present we are running only BBA and MBA classes that are recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC). It is true that till a few years ago, we were also proving BCA and MCA programmes and that was the reason why we referred to our institute as a technology school. However, the management has currently decided to discontinue these technology programmes but we do not plan to change the institute's name anytime soon,\" said an official. Some institutes also claim that they are providing technical courses but not in the Gurgaon campus. \"At our Gurgaon campus, we are offering only MBA courses. However our campuses in Sikkim and Dehradoon are offering technical courses approved by UGC and those students in our Gurgaon campus who wants to do a technical course can do so through distance learning,\" said a spokesperson of ICFAI Business School, Gurgaon.Officials at G D Geonka World Institute though claimed that their technical courses are approved by Lancaster University and they do not have anything to do with Indian university. \"The course that we offer is approved by Lancaster University and the students are given degrees by that university. We don't have to get approvals from AICTE,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381056", "title": "Chain snatchers target 50-year-old woman", "text": "INDORE: Two miscreants on a bicycle targeted a 50-year-old woman and snatched her 10gms gold chain worth Rs 30,000 at 11:30 on Monday morning at Palasia here.The victim Mohini was going to her home in Saket which is under the jurisdiction of Palasia police. The two miscreants on a bicycle approached her from back side and the pillion rider snatched the chain from the woman's neck. Before the woman could raise an alarm, the duo fled from the spot.Palasia police have registered a case under relevant section of IPC and are searching for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "15382877", "title": "Rubber speed breakers cause chaos in Canacona", "text": "CANACONA: A motorcyclist and pillion rider were seriously injured when the rider lost control of the two-wheeler after hitting a speed breaker at Char Rasta, near Shri Mallikarjun school, Canacona, early Monday morning.Taking cognizance of the incident, freedom fighters, prominent citizens and motorists from Canacona taluka have requested the South Goa collector to immediately replace the recently-erected new rubber speed breakers at Chaudi and Char-Rasta.Sources at the road transport office (RTO) in Canacona said that they have received many complaints in the last four days. Canacona mamlatdar Sudin Natu said that he is also not happy with the rubber speed breakers which have been recently erected at four places along NH 17. Natu said that he has instructed the PWD office in Canacona on Monday to temporarily put concrete on either side of the speed breakers to avoid accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381755", "title": "Army officers involved in arms racket, Supreme Court told", "text": "NEW DELHI: Months after the Army punished 73 officers for illegal sale of their non-service weapons to arms dealers in Rajasthan's border districts, the Supreme Court was told on Monday that Army units deputed in Jammu and Kashmir were found to be involved in 104 cases of sale purchase of weapons of various types.The Army was forced to take action against its officers after the Supreme Court raised security concerns on the basis of a PIL, which had five years ago claimed that a gunrunning racket involving Army officers was rife in the border districts of Rajasthan.Rajasthan police had registered 14 FIRs, of which the one filed by Jaipur anti-corruption bureau on July 18, 2007 pertained to 284 cases. The state government, in its affidavit before the apex court, said, \"During investigation, 304 more cases came to light on perusal of records and 41 cases pertaining to licences issued from the state of Punjab came to light.\"But the shocking part of the affidavit related to involvement of Army units posted in militancy affected Kathua, Kupwara and Srinagar districts of Jammu and Kashmir.The state said, \"104 cases pertain to Army companies deputed in the state of Jammu and Kashmir and in respect whereof, the letters were addressed twice by deputy inspector general of police, ACB Jaipur to district collectors of Kathua, Kupwara and Srinagar. The investigation in that regard is pending.\"A bench of Justices S S Nijjar and H L Gokhale said it would peruse the affidavits and reports submitted in sealed cover before taking up the PIL for detailed hearing.If Rajasthan detailed the action for prosecution it had taken against its administrative officials in the case of grant of illegal licences involving non-service weapons of Army officials, the Army too detailed the court martial proceedings and punishment given to the 72 officers and a Junior Commissioned Officer (JCO) found involved in the illegal sale and purchase of non-service weapons.Of the 29 officers of the rank of lieutenant colonel, colonel and major found involved in the sale of weapons, 15 were \"punished\" with \"severe reprimand and a fine of Rs 500\", two were \"reprimanded\" and rest were awarded punishment ranging from one to three years loss of service either for promotion or pension purposes.The 25 officers posted in Indian Army Training Team at Bhutan , who were found to have imported ammunition in excess of the authorized 50 rounds, were all let off with \"severe displeasure (non-recordable).The PIL filed by advocate Arvind Kumar Sharma had in 2007 alleged that the government had not taken action against Army officers despite the Rajasthan home ministry finding that they were involved in selling their non-service weapons to arms dealers and private persons.The Army inquired into the incidents and told the apex court in 2008 that weapons procured and sold in breach of Army Act and Customs Act were of both prohibited and non-prohibited bore and \"a total of 72 officers and one JCO were blameworthy\" in these cases.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15382260", "title": "Attack on Mayawati statue: Court rejects bail pleas of associates of vandals", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sessions judge K K Sharma on Monday rejected the bail pleas of two people booked for arranging a press conference for the president of UP Navnirman Sena, whose associates vandalised former chief minister Mayawati's statue. The judge compared the construction of dalit memorials with historical monuments like the Taj Mahal and the Red Fort and deprecated attempts to vandalise the statue of Mayawati .\"No doubt, monuments of the country like the Taj Mahal or the Red Fort were also built from assistance of public money, but it does not mean that the same may be pulled down at the whims of people having different attitudes from the personalities who had constructed those statues or monuments,\" observed the judge.The court further added that if the offence is handled in a light manner, the day is not too far that statues of other personalities like Gandhi, Nehru and other leaders would also be in danger.Arpit Alok Srivastava and Vishal Mishra had moved the bail pleas on the ground that they had not vandalised Mayawati's statue. Mishra pleaded that he runs a firm which arranges press conferences for various people and social workers. On the fateful day, on the demand of some people, he only arranged a press meet and was not present at the place of the incident. Srivastava's plea was that he helped Mishra in arranging the conference, and he was also not present where the statue was vandalised.The court said that the grounds of bail are not sufficient and offences affected public and society at large, turning down both the bail applications.In a rare observation, the court said that it could take judicial notice of the fact that just after vandalisation of Mayawati's statue, ill-will spread among several political parties across the state. In some cities, public properties, worth crores were reduced to ashes. The news was broadcast the whole day and even the next day, the court said. \"I appreciate the act of the government, which tactfully handled the situation by replacing the statue, otherwise God knows, what would have happened in case violence was allowed to continue even for a day more,\" observed judge Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15386123", "title": "Raaz 3 tune lifted from Egyptian number?", "text": "A tune played in the 'Raaz 3' trailer seems lifted from an Egyptian track.Bhatts have done it again. The banner has been infamous for frequently lifting either stories or songs or both from foreign sources. And once again the original source of a tune used in their film is exposed even before the film has released.The latest plagiarism accusation comes from their upcoming film Raaz 3 , the horror-thriller starring Emraan Hashmi, Bipasha Basu and Esha Gupta. The trailers of the film went on air just last week and featured a song called ' Deewana Kar Raha Hai ' being filmed on Emraan Hashmi and Esha Gupta. And buzz is rife that the song is 'inspired' from Egyptian singer Mohamed Hamaki's track ' Ana law azeto '.Listen to Mohamed Hamaki's song I Listen to Raaz 3 songThe music of the film is composed by Rashid Khan and Jeet Ganguly and Javed Ali has sung the number. Interestingly this revelation comes even before the music of the film has been officially released.Let's see what the Bhatts have to say in defense this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15383220", "title": "Land hurdle hits highway project", "text": "KOLKATA: Faced with difficulty in acquiring land, the state government got a beating from the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has decided not to proceed further after the latter as they informed that they would not go ahead with the widening of highways in the state. , facing difficulty due to land acquisition problem.During a meeting with the state's chief secretary Samar Ghosh, the NHAI officials informed him that the widening of the national highways into four lanes was being stalled in most districts due to problems in land acquisition problem. The land problem had been gnawing at the agency for the past couple of years. For that they would prefer to drop the widening projects. The land problem is plaguing the agency for the past couple of years.The officials therefore made a strong note of dissent on the issue.Even after repeated meetings with the state government, the NHAI failed to go ahead with the widening of NH-31, NH-31A, NH-34, NH-35 and NH-41 that pass through the state. This has also led to a major cost escalation for the agency. and they decidefor which they want to back out.The NHAI officials informed in the meeting that of the 1772 hectares required for the four-lane of these highways, but only 13% of the land could be acquired which has forced them to call off the project. and thus they were being forced to stop the widening project.Chief secretary Ghosh will be holding meetings with the district magistrates of Malda, Murshidabad, Uttar Dinajpur, Nadia, North 24-Parganas, East and West Midnapore (east) and Midnapore (west) and Howrah within a fortnight to settle the issue so that NHAI is able to can get the required desired land within a short span. Ghosh also assured said that attempts are on to accelerate the land acquisition process are under way.The NHAI officials said they had faced major blockades were on NH-34 around Barasat in North 24-Parganas and in Nadia district. Moreover, NH-35 which connects Barasat to Petrapol is also being clogged by illegal occupants that has added to their woes. Though the agency is offering Again the NHAI is facing agitation while they are trying to acquire land, though they claimed that they are giving the best possible price, they have faced opposition re are also some problems near Dalkhola in Uttar Dinajpur and in Kolaghatarea in Midnapore (east).\"Things haven't changed much even after the change of guard in state,\" did not improve much even after the change of government took place in the state, an NHAI official said. \"The main highway project includes four-laning of NH-34, which is the most important link between highway connecting North and South Bengal. The highway also helps connect with northeastern states and neighbouring countries such as Nepal, Bhutan and Bangladesh . Traffic from Haldia Port, Kolkata and industrial areas of south Bengal reaches North Bengal through NH-34.A senior NHAI official said, \"We made several pleas to the chief secretary over the last two years but things have not proceeded did not move at all.\" NHAI officials said that they were planning to go-ahead with for land acquisition in a few pockets, but had to withdraw as land givers are not happy with the compensation. is the major point of was another point of concern for the land givers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15386178", "title": "Bidhannagar municipality to restart property tax collection in Salt Lake", "text": "KOLKATA: Property tax collection in Salt Lake has hit a logjam. The Trinamool led Bidhannagar municipality had started tax collection on March this year after several years but collection was again withheld after a section of residents following some miscalculations in many of the tax bills that was dispatched. Civic authorities now said that they were working to restart tax collection as soon as possible from next month.\"We are working to restart property tax collection within a month. The tax rates will be based on the ol rates of 2005 as directed by the minister,\" said Bidhannagar municipality chairperson Krishna Chakraborty.On February this year, the civic body sent a notice to the residents that the municipality will start collecting tax for the fiscal years of 2010-11, 2011-12 and arrears from 2007 to 2010 based on the pre- 2005 tax rates. There was a mad rush to pay tax after the bills were dispatched but many residents started complaining that the tax bills that they received were not matching the pre-2005 tax rates and that the tax was much higher than it should had been. The civic authorities called on urban development and municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim. The tax collection process was stopped after the minister admitted that there was confusion over the tax bills.Civic officials said that they collected a total of Rs 6.57 crore from the few weeks of tax collection on March before it was withheld. \"We have almost completed the process to calculate the tax rate based on the pre-2005 tax rate and will start dispatching the bills soon,\" said a civic official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381532", "title": "Death of Delhi high court blast accused blow to NIA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amir Kamal, a Hizbul Mujahideen member and the prime accused in last year's Delhi high court blast case, has been killed in an encounter with security forces in Jammu's Kishtwar area.Based on a tip-off, troops of 10 Rashtriya Rifle and police on Sunday night launched a search operation in the Lidder Forest area of Dachhan in Kishtwar, said IGP, Jammu zone, Dilbagh Singh on Monday. The patrol party cordoned off the area.On seeing the forces, terrorists opened fire, leading to a fierce encounter that lasted for around three hours and killed two militants. The other militant has been identified as \"wanted\" militants have been identified as Amir alias Kamal alias Amir alias Akram, self-styled Hizb-ul area commander, resident of Kishtwar, and Amir's associate, Mohammad Shafi Hajam alias Saaqib, a resident of Marwah, Singh said. \"Aamir was wanted in the Delhi high court blast of September 2011 that had killed 15 people,\" he added. Amir was also wanted in other cases like killing of a constable and attack on a police party in Marwah on 2010.Aamir's death has come as a setback to National Investigating Agency (NIA) which has filed a chargesheet in the HC blast case. The agency wanted to apprehend Amir alive as he was vital to tying some loose ends in the case. NIA has already suffered a blow with another key accused, Junaid Akram Malik, suspected to have been killed by his own associates, including Amir, a few months ago.According to sources, Amir was a wanted accused in the blast case along with Junaid and Chhota Hafiz, all HM militants. ), was cornered along with some of his associates at Pinjrari Dachhan in Kishtwar district of Jammu &amp; Kashmir. The gunfight that ensued between security forces and the group led to the death of Kamal and his associate Shafi Hajam.Sources said arms and ammunition have also been recovered from the killed terrorists. Amir carried a reward of Rs 10 lakh in connection with the HC blast. Seventeen people were killed and over 90 injured in the blast outside the high court on September 7, 2011.NIA has already charged Amir Abbas Dev, Wasim Akram Malik (Junaid's brother) and a minor for their alleged role in the bomb blast, while Kamal Hafiz, Junaid Malik and two Pakistani planters, whose real identity is unknown, have been mentioned as absconding accused in its chargesheet.The chargesheet, however, is low on crucial evidence to complete the jigsaw puzzle of the case and has only a handful of key witnesses. Answers to key questions like who provided the explosives, assembling of the bomb, where was the suitcase containing the bomb was bought from and the real identity of the two alleged Pakistani nationals who planted the bomb are still unknown.\"These questions can be answered only when the three absconding accused are caught. It was Hafiz and Amir who had arranged for the planters and the bomb. When Wasim met them for the final meeting on the blast, everything was ready and he says he has no knowledge of where the explosives were brought from. He also knows the planters as only Abu Saifullah and Abu Bilal. These are aliases and not real names,\" said the official.NIA had sought help from the army to track the absconding accused but the latter had said it was unlikely that they would be caught alive as they were all armed terrorists and would retaliate when cornered.In May, police and security forces had carried out a joint operation at Patimahal in Jammu and located several Hizbul militants, including Chotta Hafiz and Akhtar Hussain. In the ensuring encounter, Hussain was killed, but Hafiz managed to escape. Forces had lost a jawan in the encounter.(With inputs from Jammu)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383122", "title": "'State Co-operative Federation violated government guidelines'", "text": "PUNE: The state cooperation department will soon decide the charges to be levelled against the former board of directors of the Maharashtra State Co-operative Federation Ltd for violating government guidelines while signing an agreement with a private developer to redevelop its headquarters.The department has received the audit report of the federation and the auditor will be advised about the action to be taken against the dissolved board of directors, said Bhanudas Badhan, additional registrar at the department.In 2011, the federation - the apex organization of cooperative societies in the state - signed a redevelopment deal with a private developer for Rs 35.11 crore. The builder was to develop the 74,158 sq.ft. area of the federation headquarters near the Pune railway station and hand over 5,000 sq.ft. to the federation for its use. The rest of the built-up area was to be used by the builder as commercial property for the next 99 years. \"There had been a series of violations of norms and guidelines by the board. The auditors have estimated the market value of the headquarters at Rs 105 crore to Rs 130 crore, but the deal was signed for Rs 35.11 crore,\" Badhan said.The board had not even kept its annual records properly. Hence, it was dissolved by the cooperation commissioner. But a few directors ignored the decision and held a meeting in Mumbai to sign the BoT deal. Very few members of the board were present at the meeting and the others were kept in the dark about the crucial decision.Badhan said, \"There were a couple of complaints against a few directors who had supported the BoT route for redevelopment of the headquarters. Before filing a case against them, the state wants to have documents of other cases against them to make its case strong.\"When asked about the details of the audit report, Badhan said, \"It is surprising that arrears of Rs 20 crore were never recovered from the members by the federation. This non-recovery was cited as the reason for not conducting training programmesfor cooperative banks, societies and institutions, which is the basic work of the federation. Despite acute financial crisis, the board continued spending on its meetings, wages and various other bills for conveyance and hotel expenses. It clearly points out the negligence and callous attitudetowards the responsibilities as members of the board of directors.\"The cooperation department also has in its possession a letter submitted by the federation in 2007, stating that it would not initiate any property deal without prior permission of the department. But within four years, the board initiated the deal with a private builder, Badhan said. The builder had paid Rs 1.11 crore to the federation. After cancelling the deal, the cooperation commissioner had asked the federation to return the amount to the builder. The federation returned the amount through cheques, but the builder did not encash it. The amount is still in the account of the federation, Badhan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15382288", "title": "Krishna Phase III to be ready in 18 months, says minister", "text": "A teacher damaged a student's eye when he tried to cane another student at Pydipalam village school in Makkavaripalem mandal, Visakhapatnam. The teacher inadvertently struck A Nagendra of Class IV on July 9. However, it came to light much later due to a tiff between teacher Venki Naidu and his brother. It was Venki Naidu's brother who let the cat out of the bag by informing the local media. This was immediately brought to the notice of the DEO Krishnaveni, who conducted an inquiry. It turned out that Venki Naidu promised to get the boy treated and in fact arranged for an operation at the Shankar Foundation Hospital on July 14. This was confirmed by the boy's mother, Lakshmi.The government will complete the Krishna drinking water supply project (KDWSP) phase-III in 18 months, Hyderabad district in-charge and major industries minister J Geetha Reddy said. The project will bring additional 90 million gallons per day (MGD) of water to Greater Hyderabad. On Monday, the minister held a review meeting with Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) officials, Hyderabad collector Syed Ali Murtuza Rizvi and secretary, finance department, L Premchandra Reddy on the status of the Krishna drinking water project-III at the Secretariat.Building collapses, one feared deadA commuter was feared killed when an old building collapsed on him near Dongala Mandapam area in Padamata Veedhi in Eluru on Monday night. Another commuter travelling on a bike was reportedly trapped under the debris. The authorities rushed to the spot to carry out rescue operations. Earlier in the day, another old building crumbed in Kattepu veedhi. However, there were no casualties as the building had no inmates.In another incident at Likethepuram village in Narsapur mandal in West Godavari, a 60-year-old farm labourer died when the thatched roof collapsed on him.Ventilator shortage kills infantA five-month-old baby girl died at the 1,000-bed MGM Hospital in Warangal on Monday owing to shortage of ventilators. Parents of Yerra Manasa alleged that the doctors arranged the ventilator for another baby girl but denied the same to their daughter. Manasa died in the early hours after she developed severe breathing problems. The parents and relatives tried to attack the paramedical staff at the children's ward soon after the death of the infant. The Mattewada police rushed to the spot and pacified the agitators. When contacted, RMO Vishnumohan said Manasa had suffered meningitis (brain fever) disease. \"In view of a health emergency of another child whose condition had deteriorated, the duty doctors had to arrange a ventilator. Manasa was brain dead,\" he said. tnnManasa was admitted to MGM on August 1. The parents belong to Veldandi village of Narmetta mandal.A senior doctor said MGM hospital requires 40 ventilators but only seven out of 14 ventilators are in working condition. \"How can we manage with the shortage of ventilators,\" he sought to know.Bhadrachalam Road - Sattupalli railway lineThe Bhadrachalam Road - Sattupalli railway line project has now inched closer to completion as Singareni Collieries Company Limited (SCCL) which is financing the project paid Rs 6.38 crore on Monday to South Central Railway (SCR), which will execute the works. According to a release, Sutirtha Bhattacharya, chairman and managing director of SCCL, presented the cheque for conducting the final location survey. The project was sanctioned by the railways in 2010-11 at an estimated cost of Rs 337.50 crore. The 56.2-km railway line was planned to facilitate smooth movement of coal from Singareni Colleries opencast projects in Sattupalli area. The production from these mines is about six million tones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15382517", "title": "Morari Bapu prays for Hiroshima victims", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Famous Ram kathakar Morari Bapu, who is holding a discourse in Hiroshima, paid homage to those who died in the first atomic bomb attack.On August 6, 1945, during World War II (1939-45), an American B-29 bomber dropped the world's first deployed atomic bomb over the Japanese city of Hiroshima. The explosion wiped out 90% of the city and killed 80,000 people.Bapu has delivered about 715 Ram Kathas across the globe, championing the cause of peace. The idea is to bring different religions and regions on a common platform. \"Ram Katha in Japan will spread the message of peace,\" said Morari Bapu.Addressing the people, he said that the atomic attack was an attack by insensitive people and what is now required is love and truth.\"If there is compassion then love and truth will follow, hence one has to be compasionate,\" said Bapu. He also called upon the people to dedicate time to their children and not chase after wealth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382603", "title": "University of Agricultural Sciences chalks out drought crop plan", "text": "BANGALORE: The University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS) here has devised a contingency crop plan to ensure good kharif productivity despite the drought. UAS researchers said though such a drought occurred four decades ago, its impact was not so severe.\"This year, only four districts (Gulbarga, Yadgir, Bidar and Kolar) received normal rainfall. For the remaining 25, it has been deficient and the worst hit is Mandya. For south interior Karnataka, 70 mm of rainfall was expected in July, but only 51.5mm was received. The good news is that good rainfall is expected in August and September in this region,\" said MB Rajegowda, professor of agrometerology and head, UAS.The plan, after being tested in all 17 districts of southern Karnataka, was presented by D Nuthan, associate director of research. It talked about different crops and different varieties of crops that should be grown under certain circumstances. Nuthan said these options can be looked at after August 15, as the sowing window of crops is still open. \"There are long and short duration varieties of crops depending on the period for which rain has been delayed,\" he said.According to UAS, last year's kharif production in Karnataka accounted for 125 lakh tonnes, which could be only 100 lakh tonnes this year. \"That's only if we receive normal rainfall from now on,\" said K Narayana Gowda, VC, UAS.There may not be enough material to implement the plan. \"The agriculture department should ensure that different varieties are available,\" said H Shivanna, director of research, UAS. He also suggested that green fodder be augmented when rain fails during kharif.The VC said that although sugarcane will prove to be a flop due to less precipitation, farmers should go for it to ensure enough fodder. Narayana Gowda added that farmers should make the best use of the government's crop insurance scheme.Contingency plan for existing crops* In-situ moisture conservation to safeguard standing crops* Avoid applying fertilizer till soil has sufficient moisture* Mulching with crop residue on thin plastic sheets* Weeding and intercultural operations to minimize moisture loss* Thinning of crops like sesame, bajra, sorghum* Raising nursery for crops* Using sprinkle and pipe conveyance of water* Field bunding and trenching* Relieving temporary water logging in deep black soil after rain.Crops preferred during delayed seasonRagi, Sunflower Pulses, Fodder crops", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15384600", "title": "3 killed in fresh Kokrajhar violence, toll 64", "text": "GUWAHATI: At least three more persons were killed while two others injured as fresh violence erupted in strife-torn Kokrajhar district, taking the death toll in the to 64.\"The Bodo miscreants indiscriminately fired in Ranibuli village under Kokrajhar police station late on Monday night killing three persons and seriously injuring two others,\" Assam IGP (Law and Order) L R Bishnoi told PTI here.The two injured were rushed to Guwahati Medical College and Hospital. The official death toll in the ongoing clashes, which began last month, is now 64.Bishnoi said that the three killed belong to Lakhiganj of bordering Dhubri district.Following the incident, a curfew has been clamped again in Kokrajhar district while indefinite curfew continues in the neighbouring Chirang district where there are fresh reports of arson.Some houses were burnt down there but the timely action of police prevented any major violence on Monday night, Bishnoi said.One person has been arrested in this connection from Chirang. The army continued their flag march on Tuesday morning in the three districts of Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri, hit by clashes between Bodo tribals and the minority community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15386010", "title": "West Bengal Pollution Control Board takes initiative for proper disposal of electronic waste", "text": "KOLKATA: Concerned over the increasing generation of electronic waste (e-waste) in the city, the West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) has taken up an initiative to conduct workshops amongst all the stakeholders to generate awareness for proper and effective disposal of e-waste.In the city, a large quantity of e-waste is being disposed at the Dhapa dumping ground which is getting mixed with other waste. More alarmingly, tonnes of e-waste is getting dumped at places of Tiljala, Topsia, Tangra, Park Circus which can create serious health hazards.WBPCB has started conducting a series of workshops on this issue. Around 70 to 80 representatives from different hospitals, both private and government hospitals including SSKM and others attended a workshop that was organised by WBPCB on Friday. \"A huge e-waste gets generated from all kind of places like hospitals, educational institutions and other places. There is a need for all stakeholders to know how this waste should be properly disposed off,\" said WBPCB chairman Binay Kanti Dutta. The next workshop will be held on September where educational institutions will be called upon to attend.WBPCB have also started acting on their own for proper disposal of e-waste. The authorities have placed around 20 bins in important places of the city like malls and hospitals for disposing e-waste products. \"We are also setting up several specialised e-waste collection centers in different places across the state,\" Dutta said. The collection centers will collect dumped e-waste products and will have dismantling facilities for proper recycle and disposal of e-waste products. Earlier this year, the state government shortlisted two companies for setting up such e-waste collection and dismantling facilities. The authorities are trying to implement the guidelines that have been laid down in the E-waste (management and handling) rules 2011 that has come into effect from May this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15384725", "title": "12th Osian\u2019s Cinefan Festival: Freedom of Expression was primary theme", "text": "Marking a return after a gap of two years, the 12th Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema proved to be the biggest film event in the country with as many as 176 films from around 38 countries from India, Asia and the Arab world. The Film festival which was held in New Delhi from 27 July to5 August 2012 at Siri Fort Complex and the Blue Frog at the Kila Complex, had 15 World premieres, 8 International premieres, 104 Indian premieres, and 13 Asian premieres. The screenings included 61 shorts.The films were shown within a framework which focused on Freedom of Creative Thought and Expression - the special theme for this year according to Osian's Group Chairman Neville Tuli. Five Landmark films from the history of cinema made against prevailing censorship norms - Pier Paolo Pasolini's Salo, Virginie Despentes and Coralie Trinh-Thi's Baise-Moi, Shuji Terayama's Emperor Tomato Ketchup, the Devika Rani-Himanshu Rai starrer Karma and Jafar Panahi's This is Not a Film.A new component this year was the introduction of music with performances by renowned artistes every night at Blue Frog under the shadows of the Qutab Minar.Osian's is establishing an Osianama Arts complex for promoting art and good cinema culture is coming up in the Kila Complex in Delhi by September, according to Festival Director Indu Shrikent.The Japanese film 'Asura' by Keiichi Sato of Japan openedthe Festival on 27 July and the Bengali film 'Chitrangada' by Rituparno Ghosh was the closing film. This film had Indian premiere at the OCFF.The Asian and Arab competition with twelve films were judged by Marco Mueller who is artistic director of the Rome Film Festival. Members included the eminent Muzaffar Ali , Iranian filmmaker Ali Mostafa, Egyptian director Magdi Ahmed Ali , and the American filmmaker James VHart.Mueller delivered the first Mani Kaul Memorial lecture and Hart held a master class on August 2 which was marked as Horror day because of the genre in which he has specialized. The Indian jury which saw nine films was headed by Iranian filmmaker Hamid Dabashi, Indian director and film critic Khalid Mohammed, renowned actor Lillete Dubey, Annemarie Jacir from Jordan,Afghan-born filmmaker Atiq Rahimi, and Dutch documentary filmmaker Sonia Herman Dolz.The First Features Jury judging nine films had eminent filmmaker Huseyin Karabey, Korean actor and writer Jeon Kyu-hwan, and Indian filmmaker Gurvinder Singh.The shorts competition jury which judged 12 films comprised Iranian filmmaker Panah Panahi, independent Indian filmmaker Ashvin Kumar and National Award-winning filmmaker Umesh Kulkarni.Participating countries included China, Estonia,Indonesia, Iran , Israel,Japan, Philippines, South Korea, Taiwan,Thailand, Turkey , Moroccoand Algeria among many others.Winners  Asian and Arab Competition Best Film Inside (Turkey) Best Director Faouzi Bensaidi (Death For Sale- Morocco, France, Belgium, UAE) Best Actress Taraneh Alidousti (Modest Reception) - Iran Best Actor Mani Haghighi (Modest Reception) Special Jury Prize Postcards from the Zoo Special Mention Director Yoshimasa Ishibashi (Milocrorze) and all his actorsIndian competition  Best Film  B.A. PassBest Director  Ajita Suchitra VeeraBest Actress Rii in Cosmic SexBest Actor  Shadab Kamal in B.A. PassSpecial Jury Award  Patang by Prashant BhargavaFirst Feature Competition  Beyond the Hill by Elmin Alper (Turkey)Special Mention  In April Following Year there was a Fire ( Thailand )Shorts in Competition  Silent by L Rezan Yesilbas (Turkey)Special Mention  The Bus by Olgu Baran Kubilay (Turkey)FIPRESCI  Hansa by Manav Kaul", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15382456", "title": "Urban development and housing dept draws most RTI grievances, appeals", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat Information Commission (GIC) in its first year of implementing the Right To Information Act (RTI) received the most appeals and complaints about urban development and housing.In its first ever report on RTI tabled during a one-day session of the state assembly on July 19, GIC said 36,122 complaints and appeals were received regarding urban development and housing during the year 2006-07. The energy and petrochemicals department was next with 6,268 unsatisfied applicants.There were, however, no complaints and appeals for panchayats, rural housing and rural development. An analysis carried out by GIC points out that against a six month period of 2005-06, after the implementation of the RTI, there was a nine-fold increase in applications the very next year. The numbers had gone up from a mere 8,433 to 76,957.The GIC has observed, \"In context of this Act, citizens had high expectations and different types of imaginations. Instead of considering this act as a helping tool, citizens saw this as a sharp edged weapon. Their imaginations, expectations and excitement were therefore, found to have reflected in a large proportion this year (2006-07).\"An analysis of statistics from GIC has led to infer that departments and authorities undertaking programmes for the benefit and daily needs of the public, receive the most applications.Referring to the high number of appeals and complaints pertaining to the urban development and housing, the GIC further said that majority of the applicants were satisfied with information furnished as the numbers of subsequent appeals and complaints came down tremendously to 363 and 143 respectively.GIC has also observed, \"When the Act came into force in October 2005, officers of the public authorities were not well versed with provisions and ancillary duties. As a result, at different levels, a great deal of ambiguity, concern and to some extent, misunderstandings prevailed. On the other hand, excitement and a feeling of right prevailed among the citizens towards the Act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381682", "title": "Centre's 12 bitter pills for blacked out states", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chastened by the world's biggest blackout in terms of the number of people affected, eight northern states and the Union Territory of Chandigarh on Monday agreed to swallow 12 bitter pills prescribed by the Centre to prevent a repeat of the July 31 incident when half of India tripped without power for up to 24 hours.The medicines were accepted after the power ministry read the riot act to them against drawing more than their scheduled share of power from the northern grid, which has been blamed for tripping the country's largest regional network on the fateful day and creating a domino effect that also brought down the eastern transmission lines.In separate meetings with power minister Veerappa Moily and Union power secretary P Uma Shankar, the states indirectly acknowledged that lack of contingency plan or medium and long-term contracts for sourcing power was the root cause of overdrawal.\"While no state directly admits overdrawing, there was a general agreement to take suitable steps. They have also been encouraged to go for term plans for sourcing power by the fact that the Centre is in the process of coming out with package to bail out the state utilities that are doddering under huge debts,\" a senior ministry official told ToI.But the ball still remains in the states' court since the implementation of the 12 steps suggested by the Centre \u2014 most of them similar to the existing grid code \u2014 is voluntary and leaves doubt over their efficacy.\"We don't want to play blame game. It is a new route that we have taken for creating trust (between the Central load despatchers and state utilities). The states voluntarily agreed to take the steps. We have to work together (to make the grid safe),\" Moily said.Separately, the ministry official said, the Centre would also take measures to make overdrawal more difficult and costlier. The measures include raising overdrawal penalty to a level that would make power costlier than spot purchases.The 12 steps also include implementing 'islanding systems' \u2014 separate supply lines for essential services that would be fed by states' own generation stations, third-party evaluation of grid protection and isolation systems in states. The Centre would also fund upgrade and training of state load despatch centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15381732", "title": "Feeling the pinch, government sets cap on fee relief", "text": "HYDERABAD: Vexed by a mounting financial burden, the state government has decided to go for a thorough overhaul of the fee reimbursement scheme.As per a decision taken on Monday by the committee of experts and a cabinet sub-committee, starting this academic year, the government will reimburse only up to Rs 31,200 towards each student's engineering tuition fees even if the college is charging substantially more.Further restricting the eligibility criteria, the council of ministers has also decided to make the scheme available only to those second year students who have cleared 50% of their first year papers. The same criteria also applies to third and fourth year students.Initiating a stringent verification, affiliation and recognition process, a task force comprising officials from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological Universities (Hyderabad, Kakinada and Anantapur) and the higher education and revenue departments will inspect each college to see whether they have the facilities as declared in the records submitted by them to the Supreme Court and the Admission and Fee Regulatory Committee (AFRC).It is also learnt that this task force is expected to replace AFRC, which was till this year the statutory body for supervising the fee structure at engineering and other professional colleges.The government has also decided against any more delay in engineering admissions. \"The council of ministers will meet on August 8 and announce the counselling dates. The government will decide on the fee structure for each of the 133 engineering colleges which have asked for a fee hike only after the college inspections have been completed,\" a source said.The admission notification might not carry the revised fees for all engineering colleges, an official said.The government has also decided to closely monitor management quota admissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15381636", "title": "Power crisis: Noida industries threaten to leave", "text": "NOIDA: Industrialists have threatened the state government that they will move out of Uttar Pradesh if power supply is not regularized to their production units. Industrial sectors faced outages of more than 16 hours a day last week even after power supply from the Northern Grid was restored. Industrialists complain that lack of adequate power has not only forced them to cancel future orders but has also led to lesser profits making them unable to pay back bank loans.\"Even though there is a roster for power supply to industries, several sectors are only supplied electricity for 4-5 hours a day,\" said president of Noida Entrepreneurs' Association, Vipin Malhan. \"If industries continue to suffer losses, we will have no alternative but to shift base to neighbouring states which ensure adequate power supply,\" added Malhan.The acute power crisis has forced industrialists to write to Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav demanding his intervention to end the crisis. Industrialists have complained that they are forced to pay fixed charges to the power distribution companies to avail connections, irrespective of whether or not they are supplied power. \"Over 90% of industrialists in the city have availed of bank loans to set up industries. With no production, it has now become difficult for us to pay back these loans,\" said Malhan.Even after restoration of supply from the Northern Grid, Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited is yet to ensure round-the-clock power supply to industries. The discom had informed that industries would get 12-hour power supply from August 5-15. \"However, Lucknow ordered us to increase supply to 16 hours on August 6,\" said CL Gupta, superintending engineer of PVVNL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15383369", "title": "Six more years to get a secure coastline", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly four years after the Mumbai attack in which terrorists used a dinghy to sneak in from the Arabian Sea, the Indian Coast Guard (ICG) says it will require six more years to effectively patrol the Indian shores and stop any infiltration.Speaking at the launch of two inshore patrol vessels (IPV) at Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers, ICG director general MP Muralidharan admitted the need for better infrastructure to secure the coast. Rajdoot and Rajveer - the two in the series of eight water jet-propelled IPVs launched at Raja Bagan Dockyard of GRSE on Monday - will be commissioned to the eastern region Coast Guard next January.\"In the wake of 26/11 attacks, the government took a lot of measures and strengthening the Coast Guard infrastructure is one of them. By 2018, Indian Coast Guard will commission 150 surface platforms and 100 aircrafts which will help us track down transgressors easily,\" he said.Till then, the Coast Guard will continue to bank on fishermen to collect information and track smugglers, terrorists and poachers who enter Indian shores. Muralidharan admitted as much. \"For now, we have asked fishing communities to be our eyes and ears and help us track smugglers, terrorists and poachers who enter Indian shores,\" he said.The Coast Guard also plans to use gadgets like radio frequency identification (RFID) to track the identity of on-shore vessels and fishing trawlers. The technology is similar to tracking of aircraft from the ground by use of radar and will complement the coastal radar chain that is currently in place to detect and track suspicious vessels entering water to ensure maritime security.Rajdoot and Rajveer - the two in the series of eight water jet-propelled IPVs launched at Raja Bagan Dockyard of GRSE on Monday - will be commissioned to eastern region Coast Guard next January.The ships, designed and built by GRSE, are capable of reaching speeds in excess of 34 knots. They are fitted with main engines, water jet units, propulsion control and integrated communication and navigation system which will come handy for patrolling, anti-smuggling, anti-poaching and rescue operations.Tracing smugglers, foreign trawlers and hostile vessels in the deep waters has been a major concern for the Indian Coast Guard and the Indian Navy for years.Muralidharan also acknowledged the force was yet to plan a system where Indian fishermen can delve into deep sea through an identified route after registering with the department of fisheries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15381590", "title": "Two members of bike-lifting gang arrested", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Fort police on Monday arrested two persons who are suspected to be a part of bike-lifting gang. The accused have been identified as Godwin and Kumar. They were taken into custody during a vehicle checking exercise by the police at Thakaraparambu around 5pm on Monday. The officials found out that the bike they were riding on carried a registration number that originally belonged to a car. They duo was arrested immediately. Later, the police recovered two more stolen bikes from their possession. The accused will be produced before the court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382737", "title": "With an eye on safe localities, residents install CCTV cams", "text": "CHENNAI: In many city neighbourhoods, residents are taking it upon themselves to ensure the locality remains safe and secure. While some pool in money to install surveillance cameras, others approach police requesting regular beat patrolling at night.Residents of Anna Nagar Western Extension, for instance, recently collected 10 lakh to install 14 CCTV cameras, including six speed dome cameras, in their locality. Police say many residents' welfare associations in other areas have installed similar systems.\"In Anna Nagar district alone, CCTVs have been installed in 40 places, including Thirumangalam, J J Nagar, Vasantham colony, Thendral colony and Villivakkam,\" says deputy commissioner of police Prem Anand Sinha.He says no official permission is required to install surveillance cameras in residential areas. \"We have regularly conducted meetings and urged residential welfare associations to keep their places safe. Installing these cameras would definitely help,\" he says.In Srinagar Colony, CCTV cameras were put up at the entrance six months ago. \"We decided to have four cameras after a robbery in the locality,\" says RSS Manian, secretary, Srinagar Colony board of trustees. \"We approached police and they advised us to install the cameras. We have also set up a security booth in the colony.\"In Ambattur, 15 welfare associations installed CCTVs in Mangadu, Porur, Poonamallee and Thirumullaivoyal. In areas like Virugambakkam, Valasaravakkam and T Nagar, 18 cameras have been installed.The live monitoring is done by the residents and the footage is retained for a month to help police investigations. Additional commissioner of police (law and order) P Thamaraikannan said: \"Police have solved many cases with the help of CCTV cameras.\"About 12 years ago, when many houses were broken into, the Kalakshetra Residents Welfare Association sought special police beat patrolling at night. Two policemen patrol the colony from 2am to 5am. Many residents who live in individual houses inform police when they are going out of town so that police can keep an eye on the place.People of KK Nagar came up with an innovative solution two years ago \u2014 installing gates at various streets.The gates, manned by a watchman, are kept locked from 11pm to 4.30am. \"It has definitely helped keep the place safe and secure,\" says Federation of KK Nagar Residents Welfare Association president Vairasekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382585", "title": "Damaged cargo plane leaves city after two days", "text": "CHENNAI: A Qatar Airways freighter aircraft, which had been grounded for nearly two days at the Chennai airport after a pushback vehicle hit the nose wheel, finally left for home on Monday. The flight was ready for take-off with about 120 tonnes of cargo when the accident happened. An investigation has been ordered, said airport sources.The sources said the vehicle had finished pushing back the plane and was about to be driven away when its tow bar hit the nose wheel, damaging the assembly. The departure was cancelled and the cargo had to be unloaded. \"The pushback vehicle driver reversed the vehicle when the accident happened. The flight was grounded and a series of inspections were carried out. Engineers found the plane was not fit to carry the cargo,\" said an airport official.The flight left for Doha without cargo on Monday as engineers wanted to carry out a thorough inspection before allowing the aircraft to carry cargo. The accident will put the private ground handling agency in a spot as the driver who drove the pushback vehicle did not have a valid air field driving permit \u2014 the Airports Authority of India had refused to issue the pass till airlines pay a hiked licence fee for ground-handling operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15383637", "title": "296 kg ganja seized in surprise raid", "text": "MADURAI: District police have seized 296 kg of ganja in a sudden raid conducted by special team in the district limits, on Saturday. During the raid at Usilampatti and Peraiyur blocks, police seized the ganja consignments in bulks and arrested eight persons, including a woman on charges of drug-peddling.Police seized 105 kg of ganja from P Selvam and V Kannadisamy in Sedapatti police limits, 84 kg from a woman, U Pushpa in Kokkulam village in Chekkanurani police limits, another 42 kg from K Sekar and M Mokate at Keeripatti in Usilampatti town police limits, 63 kg from O Andichamy at Uthapanaickanur police limits. Police also seized a two-wheeler from Andichamy, which was used for ganja peddling. Similarly, another 2.5 kg were seized from M Muthukannan and R Karuppu from Poochipatti village in Usilampatti town police limits. Police arrested the kingpins - Selvam, Kannadisamy, Pushpa, Sekar, Mokate, Andichamy, Muthukannan and Karuppu.On July 26, the district police held an interaction with heads of government and aided schools, in which a few of them from Usilampatti and Peraiyur blocks expressed concern over the growing ganja abuse among students. During the meeting, a headmaster of a government school in Chekkanurani stated that few anti-socials have been supplying ganja to students. The school heads also expressed concerns over the increasing abuse among the students.Madurai SP, V Balakrishnan taking note of their concerns assured them that the police will take stringent action against the drug peddlers in the region and the surprise raid is believed to be a follow-up to the meeting.Balakrishnan said on Monday that along with the concerns raised by the headmasters during the meting, the department received an anonymous letter recently about these kingpins and initiated the raid with special parties. \"The investigation reveals that ganja is peddled into the district through Theni district from Andhra Pradesh and Orissa after the plantations were destroyed in Theni district. Madurai is one among the centre for these drug peddlers and these local dealers seem to be visiting the villages in Andhra and Orissa and stay there for a while to book their orders. While the consignments are ferried through lorries, the monetary transactions happen even through banks. We are tightening the measures against these drug peddlers,\" the SP said.An aided school headmaster in Usilampatti block under the condition of anonymity said on Monday that the students are very much aware of the avenues and persons where these substances are easily available. \"They are exposed to the substances of ganja, liquor and smoking due to popular culture in the area and it has also been observed that ganja-addicted parents sending their wards to get the substances, thereby exposing them to the avenues and persons,\" he claimed. \"It is a serious issue and we are able to identify the students addicted to these substances and we provide counselling at schools, but the addiction seems to be on the rise,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15383987", "title": "Aarogya Dasoha soon to boost healthcare", "text": "MYSORE: The government will launch a new healthcare scheme, Aarogya Dasoha, at Nanjangud taluk on Saturday, said district in-charge minister S A Ramadas on Monday.The project, which envisages taking healthcare facilities to every home, will be launched on a pilot basis in Mysore and later extended to the rest of the state. Under the scheme, doctors and nurses will identify patients visiting primary health centres in towns and villages, conduct an overall health checkup on them to ascertain their health condition. This scheme will cover all the people visiting PHCs for their treatment. Separate files will be maintained for every patient and they will be alerted through post or SMS for their follow-up treatment. Generic medicines will be distributed free of cost to the patients.\"After screening residents of Nanjangud, we found 351 people with diabetes, 467 with blood pressure, three with cancer, 64 heart patients and 271 with other non-curable diseases. All these patients will be treated under Arogya Dasoha,\" he said. The programme will be a monthly feature for next year, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "15383592", "title": "Amid drought, an abundance of kindness", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: A constant clatter of diesel pump is not exactly music to anyone's ears. But Virendra Sanga makes sure that the pump from his well in Kamlej, a village near Bhavnagar, keeps running 24 hours.At a time when villagers are trying to save every single drop of water, 35-year-old Sanga has filled up a pond with water from his own well to ensure that nearly 25,000 cattle of the migrated Maldharis survive the drought. Close to 1,500 Maldhari families have migrated near Bhavnagar from villages of Rajkot, Jamnagar, Surendranagar and parts of Ahmedabad in search of fodder and water.The pond water supplied by Sanga is only source of water in the surrounding villages.\"All traditional water sources like ponds and lakes are drying up and cattle rearers have to walk miles to quench their cattle's thirst. I saw this crisis and felt the need to help them in these difficult times. I can't see cattle go thirsty,'' he said.Sanga, who owns 25 bigha land, has laid a four km pipeline from his farm well to the pond and spends at least Rs 900 daily for fuel to pump out water and ensure adequate water supply.Sanga's gesture comes at a time when Maldharis are not welcome in other villages because of drought-like situation. \"They may be strangers to us but there is no line for humanity. I will supply water until it is finished even if my crops get failed,'' he added.\"I belong to Maldhari family and I understand the pain when our cattle do not get grass and water'' he said.Bhupat Bharwad of Junjvada village of Botad, who has migrated here, said, \"This pond is the only source of drinking water for our cattle. We have stayed here only because Virendrabhai is giving us water.\"\"I have nearly 900 cattle and there are many Maldharis like me who have migrated from their villages in search of water and greener pastures,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383499", "title": "NHAI mulls deal on Gurgaon e-way", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) on Monday informed the Delhi high court that its board would consider reaching an out-of-court settlement on its differences with the concessionaire operating Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway .NHAI counsel Sudhir Nandrajog submitted to Justice S Muralidhar that the NHAI board has decided to hold a meeting on August 13 to consider the proposals to settle the issue between the parties to avert litigation in court. The highways authority had told the court earlier that a meeting was held last month between the NHAI committee and the concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Limited (DGSCL), and the issues between the two parties have been settled but internal approvals are required for formalizing the settlement.Justice Muralidhar then granted time till August 30 to NHAI and deferred the hearing till then so that the authority can report back its board's decision. The court had earlier directed NHAI to meet the developer to resolve the dispute and reach an amicable solution.HC was hearing DGSCL's plea to restrain NHAI from taking any coercive action against it, including termination of the contract to operate the expressway. NHAI had alleged DGSCL of committing fraud in the form of re-financing the project without getting its approval.The highways authority, while ordering termination of its deal with the private firm, had accused it of failing to improve services at the 32-lane toll plaza, claiming there has been a rise in accidents due to mismanagement of traffic and chaos at the lanes, a charge denied by the concessionaire.DGSCL had approached the court after NHAI issued a preliminary notice to it on December 7 last year for cancelling the contract on the grounds it flouted contract conditions. HC had then granted interim stay on the NHAI notice, advising both to sit and iron out their differences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382061", "title": "India protests Israel's refusal for NAM meet at Ramallah", "text": "NEW DELHI: India protested against Israel's decision to deny permission to envoys of five nations from crossing over to Ramallah for a NAM meeting on Sunday. \"We have taken strong objection to the fact that we were unable to express solidarity with the Palestinian people by holding this meeting in Ramallah,\" said MEA spokesman Syed Akbaruddin.The meeting of 12 representatives of NAM's Palestine committee, which would have supported a Palestinian bid for an upgraded UN membership, was cancelled. According to the Israeli foreign ministry, Tel Aviv decided not to permit entry by officials from countries with which it does not have diplomatic relations. The foreign ministers of Cuba , Bangladesh , Indonesia , Malaysia and Algeria, who were planning to cross from Jordan with their delegations, were denied entry. NAM members with which Israel does have relations are cleared to enter the country, the ministry said. These include Egypt , India, Columbia, South Africa, Senegal , Zambia and Zimbabwe .\"This only strengthens our resolve to assist the Palestinian people in their legitimate quest to dignity and their inalienable right to statehood,\" Akbaruddin, said. He said India's representative on the committee Sanjay Singh, Secretary (east) in MEA, was in Amman en route to Ramallah, when the meeting was cancelled on Sunday.Palestine has an observer status in the UN, and this might be upgraded to a non-member status. The NAM summit is scheduled to be held in Iran on August 30-31, which will be attended by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15380994", "title": "Heavy rains make up for deficit in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: The rainfall deficit has been made up. The state which was thirsting for some good monsoons throughout July and nearly lost all hope, suddenly received so much rains in the last 24 hours that the shortfall no longer exists.All parts of Madhya Pradesh have received rainfall through Sunday and Monday ranging from one cm to 26 cm. In this heavy splurge of showers, the average rainfall now is normal. We have attained the 51 cm average rainfall that is expected by the first week of August,'' said meteorological department director D P Dubey.Heavy showers are predicted over the next 48 hours and the rains might continue throughout this month, the Met department claimed.Much of the rains expected in the month of July dissipated as the monsoon activity weakened by the time it reached Madhya Pradesh. Till the third week of July, Madhya Pradesh had received only 220 mm rainfall when the average was 280 cm. The state's major hopes lay with a low pressure activity that was developing over the Bay of Bengal and was waited for arrival on July 22.That low pressure activity that developed over the Bay of Bengal intensified and reached the eastern parts of the state over Jabalpur, Dindori and Mandla,'' Dubey explained. It is still moving towards the central and western parts of the state. There will be scattered and widespread heavy showers throughout the state on Tuesday and Wednesday. Western Madhya Pradesh has received maximum rainfall in the last 24 hours.'' While state capital Bhopal received 14 cm of rains, Hoshangabad recorded 17 cm, Raisen 10 cm, Pachmarhi 26 cm and Narsinghpur 15 cm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15381797", "title": "Airlines slashes luggage weight on eve of Haj", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a move which could burn a hole in the pockets of Haj pilgrims, Saudi Arabian Airlines which is a key carrier for pilgrims from AP, has slashed permissible baggage weight by 20 per cent and also has restricted the number of bags per passenger to just one cabin bag and one check-in baggage. Any extra bag would attract a steep duty, even if the collective weight of the check-in luggage is under the permissible limit.The new baggage policy will be implemented from September 1, only a fortnight before the Haj frenzy begins. The weight of baggage will be restricted to 32 kg per passenger, a marked decrease from the earlier 40 kg weight limit. Further, the airline will charge passengers $100 or 350 Saudi riyals, the equivalent of around Rs 5,400, for each extra bag weighing not more than 23 kgs.With four weekly flights from the city, the airline currently carries around 1,500 passengers. Sources pointed out that NRIs residing in the Middle East would be among the worst hit by this new weight rule.Last year, the airline had operated 26 scheduled flights and two additional flights to carry Haj pilgrims. With more than 6,500 pilgrims, around 2,500 from the city alone, leaving to perform the pilgrimage this year, the international carrier might increase the number of flights to 36.Officials from the airline said that passengers, especially Haj pilgrims, usually travel light to Saudi Arabia. But after performing their pilgrimage they go shopping for family and friends and return with baggage weighing between 80 kg and 140 kg each, more than three times the permissible limit. \"The chances of the new policies affecting Haj pilgrims travelling to and from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia are very high.Indian expatriates in the Middle East would be those among the immediately affected. Apart from the 7 kg handbag, the one check-in baggage should not be more than 90 cm X 75cm X 43cm in dimension. As courtesy we used to let passengers carry excess baggage during Haj. We will have a clear picture on whether or not Hajjis will be affected only after Ramzan,\" said an official of the international carrier. He maintained that the move comes in an effort to compartmentalise baggage accommodation on flights.Haj House officials were unaware of the change in policy and noted that last year the airline allowed pilgrims two bags of 22 kg each with a cabin luggage of 10 kg. \"We discourage pilgrims from bringing items from the kingdom (of Saudi Arabia) because everything is available here. But since they do not return to Haj House but go back home, there is no way we can monitor how much they bring back,\" said a State Haj Committee official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15382565", "title": "3rd Front never bloomed in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ever since Gujarat was born in 1960, its politics has been dominated by two parties. Barring the 1975 and 1990 elections, a third front has never played a role in the state.For example, in 2007, of 2.18 crore valid votes, BJP and Congress garnered over 1.90 crore votes. All other parties, including regional and non-registered outfits had to satisfy themselves with 28 lakh votes. Of these, nearly half went to Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) while Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) got nearly eight lakh votes.Similarly, in 2002, of 2.04 crore votes, BJP and Congress got over 1.80 crore while the remaining 24 lakh votes went to regional, non-registered parties, independents and other national parties.Since 1990, independent candidates and other parties have never won more than four seats.The state's electorate has been so cleanly divided that since 1995, elections have been reduced to a two party affair.In 2007, a total of 1,268 candidates were in the fray, but only three - one from Janta Dal United and two independent candidates won. Of these 892 lost their deposits. Other political parties couldn't win a single seat. These included the NCP, Samajwadi Party , BSP and the two main Left parties.The clearest example of ineffectiveness is what happened in 1998 when Shankersinh Vaghela floated his own All India Rastriya Janta Party (AIRJP) and contested 168 seats; only four candidates won. AIRJP managed to get 11.68% of the votes, but it did not make any impact. Later, Vaghela merged his party with the Congress.Going back to 1962 when the first election were held in the state, the battle was between Swatantra party and Congress. Even in 1967, the two parties held sway over voters as other political parties like the Bhartiya Jana Sangh and the Praja Socialist Party could not make much of an impact. In both these years, the vote share of the other political parties barring independents was never above 15 per cent.Political observer, Achyut Yagnik says, \"The third front has never succeeded in Gujarat. Right from Swatantra party in 1960s to Chimmanbhai Patel's JD(G) in 1980s and Shankersinh Vaghela in late 1990s, who tried to create a third front - never succeeded. These fronts only impacted the performance of certain parties. The third front of Keshubhai Patel and Kashiram Rana will definitely affect the BJP. Here, local politics also play a major role during the election and Keshubhai's party will impact the BJP especially in Saurashtra and Surat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15383529", "title": "Health officials pass the buck as diarrhoea spreads in state", "text": "RANCHI: Despite claims by the state health department regarding the steps taken to prevent outbreak of malaria and diarrhoea, people continue to fall prey to the disease in different parts of Jharkhand. Over a hundred people were suffering from diarrhoea which broke out in 24 villages of Hazaribag district last week. A couple of days back diarrhoea was reported from four blocks of Bokaro. The situation in the state capital is no better either. Worse still, several districts including the state capital have not yet purchased anti-diarrhoea medicines for which funds have been already released.Ranchi Sadar Hospital is almost crammed with patients suffering from diarrhoea. Many of them are also suffering from malaria. The medicine ward of the state's largest hospital - Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS -- also bears a similar look with dozens of patients lying on the floor as all its 250 beds are occupied.Instructions from National Rural Health Mission (Jharkhand) have been sent to civil surgeons in all 24 districts. NRHM director in chief (health services) Praveen Chandra said multi-point guidelines were issued to all civil surgeons well in advance. \"It was a routine matter and the civil surgeons have been asked to follow the guidelines strictly and report regularly,\" said Chandra.A civil surgeon seeking anonymity told TOI that giving instructions does not necessarily help. \"The department is more generous in giving instructions than funds. And it does not help always,\" he added.The department released funds for prevention and treatment of diarrhoea around 10 days back. \"It takes time to place the order and the medicines to reach us. We have, however, done everything as per the guidelines and there is no epidemic in the district,\" said another senior district health official on condition of anonymity.NRHM has a 'zero diarrhoea programme' to keep the disease at bay in the monsoon season. It clearly says that every district has to constitute a Rapid Response Team (RRT) to deal with the outbreak of epidemic. All blocks of a district have to constitute a special team under the RRT. The guidelines also include making available ORS powder in hospitals, primary health centres as well as anganwadis. Distribution of DDT and bleaching power, and spraying medicine in wells and drains is another part of the programme.Though patients are suffering at all primary health centres and hospitals across the state civil surgeons will not buy it. \"So far a total of 608 cases of diarrhoea have been reported. No death has taken place due to it, though,\" said Bokaro civil surgeon K N Tiwary. At one of the worst-hit Chas block hospitals, patients are not getting beds post admission because of the rush of patients, said a health official.Jharkhand health and family welfare department principal secretary K Vidyasagar is in Delhi and was not available for comments. Deputy secretary Ehtesham-ul-Haq said, \"Officials concerned have been directed to take necessary steps to deal with all seasonal diseases.\"Ranchi civil surgeon A K Choudhary said there is no epidemic in the state capital. \"Medicines will be procured soon,\" he said.An official in the state sanitation department said a major portion of Jharkhand's population depends on well water for drinking. \"Lack of safe drinking water is the main reason behind the outbreak of diarrhoea,\" he said. The number of patients suffering from other water-borne diseases like malaria is also growing at government hospitals.RIMS medical superintendent S K Choudhary said this is an annual phenomenon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15383100", "title": "Sehwag, Zaheer back at National Cricket Academy", "text": "BANGALORE: Virender Sehwag and Zaheer Khan checked into the NCA in Bangalore on Monday, landing directly from Sri Lanka following India's 4-1 triumph in the ODI series. The rest of the side is still in Pallekele for the T20 game on Tuesday.Sehwag, who sat out the final ODI at Pallekele, is nursing a mild lower back injury , but is expected to be fit for the series against New Zealand which starts later in August.As preparation for that series, starting on Aug 23, VVS Laxman , currently playing for Hyderabad against Mumbai in the Shafi Darashah tournament at Mysore, may also come in for training and fitness sessions at the NCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381213", "title": "Mahendra Hardia for US body, Medical varsity partnership", "text": "INDORE: The state is soon going to experience world-class medical education environment. To give a higher dimension to the field of medical education in state, minister of state for health Mahendra Hardia has expressed his desire to Madhya Pradesh Medical Alumni Association of North America (MP MAANA) to be an academic partner of the newly-established Medical University in Jabalpur and create a world-class learning environment. Hardia, along with vice-chancellor of the university, Dr D P Lokwani has expressed his intention while attending a meeting with the members of the association in South Carolina, USA.Assuring every possible assistance and cooperation in making the university a world-class institution, the members of the association held elaborate discussions on various issues pertaining to its expansion and development. The office bearers and general body of the association have shown interest in various areas including Continuing Medical Education (CME) activities when members visit medical colleges attached to the university, fellowships for faculty in state, contribution to medical college libraries including e-library and knowledge sharing from the alumni of other state. A suggestion to establish an office of alumni affairs in each medical college was also given by the delegates.Hardia said the suggestions and recommendations made by the association would also be discussed with the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan . Talking to TOI, Dr Lokwani said, \"This partnership will help raise the level of medical education in the state. The proposal will create world-class facilities at the university. Collaboration will benefit students as well as faculty of the medical colleges associated to university.\"The members of the association have welcomed the proposal and have assured utmost cooperation to raise the quality medical education in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15382986", "title": "Upset with wife, man hangs self in Aliganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 25-year-old man hanged himself in Aliganj on Monday. He was apparently upset over his wife's decision to go to her father's home.The victim was identified as Vishal Singh, a resident of Tatarpur in Aliganj. Police said though the exact reason behind Vishal taking the extreme step was not known, his family said Vishal had begged his wife Shweta Singh not to go to her father's place. But when she refused, Vishal hanged himself from an electric wire. Shweta's father had to come on Monday to take her daughter along with him.Vishal was unemployed ever since he left the job of a ward boy at Sahara Hospital only a few months back. He had married Shweta about one-and-a-half-year back. No suicide note was found, assistant superintendent of police, Aliganj, Anees Ahmed Ansari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382710", "title": "Sir M Visvesvaraya's school still stands tall", "text": "BANGALORE: A sloping roof of flat clay tiles, tiny wooden benches in the verandah surrounded with classrooms, high ceilings and a square garden in the centre are the sights that make United Mission High School so different. The structure - amid the urban sprawl behind Unity Buildings -- stands tall not only due to its antiquity, but also because Sir M Visvesvaraya learnt his basics here.The school was started by London Missionaries in 1834. \"The school was earlier called London Mission School. The name was later changed to United Mission School, but we do not have the date,\" said Merlin Mural Prakashini, headmistress, United Mission High School.According to Merlin, the school has mentored personalities like KC Reddy, Mirza Ismail, Kengal Hanumanthaiah, apart from scholar Sir M Visvesvaraya. \"No one knows that Visvesvaraya studied in our school. Looking at the time it was built, I am sure the school has a lot more history to narrate. I am trying to retrieve this history with the help of the United Theological College,\" said Merlin.Along with retaining its vintage feel, the school has also adopted practices to ensure that it remains relevant to the current generation of students. From bringing in excellent teachers to donning new uniforms, the school is constantly rolling up its sleeves to see to it that lessons in the decades-old classrooms remain fresh even today.\"When the school came into being, getting a seat was tough. But slowly, it deteriorated and we started catering to slum children. Now we have to go out and get children. We have also changed the school uniform to keep up with new trendy uniforms at other schools,\" said Merlin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15383818", "title": "Botsa Satyanarayana blames YSR govt for gas crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: While CM Kiran Kumar Reddy flew off to Delhi to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday in a last-ditch attempt to save the blushes for Andhra Pradesh on the gas front, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana set off a new controversy by blaming the YSR government for the present gas shortage and said the situation could have been averted had the government in 2008 raised objections to the recommendations of the empowered group of ministers (EGoM) which allocated gas to the Dhabol power plant at Ratnagiri.In an apparent reference to the late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, Botsa maintained that the issue should have been sorted out in 2008 when the decision on gas allocations was actually said to have been taken. Reacting to the Centre's decision to divert the gas from Andhra Pradesh to Maharashtra, the PCC president said on Monday that the decision would aggravate the power crisis in the state. \"The past governments lacked vision for the future needs,\" he said, taking a dig at YSR.The PCC chief apologized to the people for the difficulties caused to them due to frequent power cuts and prolonged hours of dark spells. \"The situation has worsened following the failure of monsoon rain which has led to fall in hydel power generation. There is nothing wrong if people demand uninterrupted power supply. I would like to apologize to the people for our inability to meet their demand,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383032", "title": "FM hints at tough steps for fiscal consolidation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister P Chidambaram on Monday set up a new panel to advise him on fiscal consolidation and indicated that some tough decisions on taxes as well as expenditure may be in store.But to ensure that the political risks were minimized, the minister was quick to add that the burden would be shared equitably. \"I would like to make it clear that the burden of fiscal correction must be shared, fairly and equitably, by different classes of stakeholders. The poor must be protected and others must bear their fair share of the burden,\" he said in a written statement at a press conference, without responding to any questions. For several months, the government has been talking of initiating steps such as an increase in diesel and urea prices but has refrained from taking bold decisions fearing political protests. The reluctance to take tough measures is despite fears that the Centre's subsidy bill may breach the ceiling of 2% of GDP announced by Pranab Mukherjee when he presented the Budget on March 16.The new panel will consist of Vijay Kelkar, Indira Rajaraman and Sanjiv Misra, who were all members of the last Finance Commission. In July 2004, two months after Chidambaram took over as finance minister in UPA-1, Kelkar had prepared the roadmap for implementing the Fiscal Responsibility Budget Management Act, including annual targets. The focus was on a revenue-led model, with changes in income tax brackets and customs duty structure along with implementation of GST.The new committee is expected to take a fresh look at the annual targets although it may be difficult to reduce the fiscal deficit considerably in the 2013 Budget given that it will the last full-fledged financial exercise before Lok Sabha elections a year later. The government's inability to prune unwanted subsidies, several of which do not reach the poor, and the slowdown in tax collections may result in a breach of the fiscal deficit target of 5.1% of GDP in the current financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15382901", "title": "Woman fights for unborn baby", "text": "HOWRAH: A 29-year-old housewife from Bally has lodged a complaint against her in-laws for torturing her to undergo sex determination of the fetus. Ranjana Prasad - the complainant - alleged that she was forced to undergo the same test when she conceived the last time and made to abort the baby girl she was carrying then.Acting on the complaint, police arrested Ranjana's father-in-law Govinda, mother-in-law Savitri and brother-in-law Ram Jatan Prasad. They have been remanded to judicial custody for eight days. Police are now looking for Ranjana's sister-in-law Kalyani Gupta, who has been absconding ever since the complaint was lodged.Ranjana married Ravindra Prasad in January 2008. The couple had their first child - a baby girl - in April 2009. Ranjana's ordeal started since then for giving birth to a girl. The next time she conceived in 2010, her in-laws allegedly forced her to undergo pre-natal sex determination test to be sure that the woman was carrying a male baby. When the test revealed otherwise, she was forced to undergo an abortion in October 2010.Ranjana conceived again eight moths ago. This time, too, her in-laws allegedly started torturing her after she refused to go for the test. Last Tuesday, she was brutally assaulted in absence of her husband. When Ravindra returned home at night, he found Ranjan writhing in pain. He immediately took her to TS Jaiswal Hospital.Doctor Ranjana Neogi was shocked to find marks of torture on the eight-month pregnant woman. She immediately asked the couple to lodge a police complaint. The husband then took a written complaint signed by his wife and went to the Bally police station. The victim was discharged from the hospital on Monday morning and was taken to her parents' house in Dakkhindari by her husband.Despite foetal sex determination being illegal, police reportedly has not met the victim so far to find out where she was taken to for the test. The cops did not even care to inform the matter to the district health officials. Though the investigating officer claimed he went to the hospital that night itself to talk to the victim, hospital staffers said they had no knowledge of the arrival of police.The state women commission team, which had gone to the police station for an inquiry, was peeved with police inaction. Members of the team felt the accused should have been slapped with more serious charges than just 498A.Women's Commission chairperson Sunanda Mukherjee spoke to Howrah CMOH Swati Datta and inquired about the incident. The latter said she was not aware of the details. Mukherjee and other members then spoke to doctors at the Jaiswal Hospital. \"We were pretty impressed by the way the doctors handled the case. In fact, they were the first to advise the woman's husband to file a complaint against the family,\" said Mukherjee.She, however, added that the police had not done enough to ensure justice for the woman. \"They are trying to evade responsibility. Her accusations are quite serious and need to be investigated. Especially, the cops should find out if sex determination tests are being conducted in Howrah. Also, her in-laws should have been booked for trying to force her to abort the child,\" said Mukherjee.\"We did try to find out where exactly the complaint was made to undergo the sex determination test. The victim has not been able to provide any evidence that she was forced to undergo the test. We are still trying to find out the diagnostic centre,\" said an officer of the police station. According to district health officials, there are about 152 registered diagnostic centres in Howrah where USG facilities are available. Coming under pressure, the officials now claim they would conduct sting operations to catch the ones that conduct such tests.The commission has asked the CMOH to get an explanation from the police why the district health officials were not informed about the matter. Dutta has also been asked to prepare a report accordingly.The commission chairperson said they were trying to get in touch with Ravindra Prasad. \"We have heard that he has taken Ranjana to her parents' home in Dakkhindari. We are trying to contact him. Our team will visit Ranjana on Tuesday and also speak to her husband,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15384212", "title": "Women debut in Ganpati mandal\u2019s parent body", "text": "MUMBAI: Breaking the glass ceiling for the first time in its history, the governing body of Ganpati mandals co-opted for six women on the committee. Affiliated mandals are expected to do so as well.The president of the Bruhanmumbai Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Samanvay Samiti, Naresh Dahibawkar, said, \"This move will bring greater transparency and professionalism to the functioning of the parent body of Ganpati mandals. Reservation for women is working well in the civic body and at the gram panchayat level. We even saw a woman as president of India, so I think it is time we did so too. Our women members are from Dongri, Lalbaug and Parel and these areas have a strong presence on the Ganeshotsav landscape.\"Among the co-opted members is Byculla resident Aruna Jaitpal, a Western Railway employee who incidentally had created a record in her previous posting. She was among the first three women cashiers to be appointed to the railway's important cash and pay department. \"Our job was to collect the cash that came from all parts of the city, count it and then deposit it in the bank. The role entails a lot of responsibility and I think it was my integrity that has helped me secure this prestigious post in the Samanvay Samiti today.\"Jaitpal had worked alongside Dahibawkar in Samanvay Samiti for many years and felt that the formal appointment of women would be a welcome change. \"I suggested that not just the governing body, but each Ganpati mandal should appoint at least one woman. I am happy the board thought so too,\" Jaitpal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kunnam, sriperumbudur", "code": "15384284", "title": "Nine killed in stadium collapse in Sriperumbudur college", "text": "KUNNAM, SRIPERUMBUDUR: Nine migrant workers, mostly from Odisha and Assam, were killed and three others injured after a basketball stadium under construction at a private engineering college in Kunnam village at Sunguvarchatram , near Sriperumbudur, around 45km southwest of Chennai, collapsed on Monday.A total of 17 workers were on the 50 foot tall and 75 feet wide prefabricated concrete structure when the accident occurred. Police said rain over the past few days could have weakened the structure . Five workers escaped with minor injuries. The Jeppiar College of Engineering , which started last year, was closed and all 300 students asked to go home. They would be intimated of the re-opening , the authorities said.Most of the students are from Karnataka , Andhra Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar and West Bengal.Workers who died were K Sagar (19), L Maskku (21), G Thanginu (24), G Sankar (20), K Chantikanth (45) and S Pitham (24) died on the spot, C Sagar (21) died while being taken to hospital. K Chatukath (25) and K Rangaiya (31) died at the Sriperumbudur government hospital.The injured were first taken to the district government hospital in Kancheepuram before being shifted to the Government General Hospital in Chennai. Bodies of six of the deceased were at the government hospital in Sriperumbudur and the rest at the government hospital in Kancheepuram for post-mortem .\"A huge noise woke me from bed where I was resting after a round of basketball practice,\" said a second year student, who did not want to be named.Around 50 workers were at the construction site, while 17 were working on the structure that collapsed . Nearly 500 migrant workers, engaged in the construction of the stadium for the past couple of years, are put up in makeshift shelters near the college campus. At the time of the accident, around 100 students were in the men's hostel behind which is the stadium that is being constructed. Kancheepuram collector Hanish Chabbra and SP S Manoharan along with other officials rushed to the spot and visited the affected families . \"A complete investigation will go into the reasons for the accident,\" said a senior police officer.No case has yet been registered, police said as they were yet to get a complaint from the families of the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15383634", "title": "Farmers in Trichy hit the streets with wilted plants", "text": "TRICHY: The predicament of farmers in the delta districts, including Trichy, has forced them to find novel ways of highlighting their problems to draw the attention of the government. On Monday, a group of farmers owing allegiance to the agricultural wing of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee landed in front of the collector's office with uprooted, wilted plantains to highlight their problem of how the absence of water for irrigation had scorched a portion of their annual crop.Puliyur Nagarajan, their leader had highlighted the same problem a couple of weeks ago and he repeated his demand on Monday to release water to the 17 channels that the region draws sustenance from Cauvery. \"If water is not released with immediate effect, crops like banana, sugarcane and betel vines that are already planted over two lakh acres would not see the light of the day,\" he warned. Interestingly, Nagarajan himself has planted over 4,000 bananas in his native Puliyur, some 15 km from Trichy. The farmers also carried empty pots to highlight the issue of drinking water shortage along the Cauvery delta.Since Mondays are reserved for hearing public grievances, the day was completely dominated by agriculture-related problems. P Ayyakkannu, state secretary of the Bharthiya Kisan Sangh (BKS) in a separate petition to the collector, once again demanded that the government should allocate at least Rs 10,000 per acre as compensation to the farmers or they cannot be saved from their untold misery. He also sought the city police commissioner's permission to allow members of his outfit to take out a procession on August 27.Meanwhile, Mahathanapurm V Rajaram, executive president of the Cauvery Delta Farmers' Welfare Association told TOI that it was not a bad idea to seek compensation from the government as the kuruvai could not be planted in its full strength. Rajaram said that he had already proposed to the chief minister to come out with a separate state budget for agriculture to solve all the farmers' problems with a vision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15382114", "title": "Rs 350 cr defaults rock diamond industry", "text": "SURAT: While the Indian diamond industry is under pressure as weak rupee has reduced domestic retail demand and tight credit limiting purchasing power and export finance, there is yet another problem lurking for the diamond manufacturers in Surat: defaults and bankruptcies.In the past three months, diamond manufacturers in the city are believed to have lost Rs 250 crore in the total defaults worth Rs 350 crore by the traders operating from diamond markets in Mumbai and Surat.Industry sources said that after the tough market situation, default fears have dampend the sentiments among the diamond manufacturers. About 90 per cent of the defaults come from the fly-by-night operators - diamond traders who enter the market during the peak and wither away in the tough market situation - in Surat and Mumbai. These operators take advantage during the recession and wait for the mediators to settle their case for 30-40 per cent less of the defaulted sum.Dinesh Navadia, president of Surat Diamond Association (SDA) told TOI: \"Deals worth crores of rupees are sealed between the diamond merchants and the manufacturers on a paper chit. The diamond industry runs on trust and faith and that there are many fly-by-night operators and scammers responsible for spreading widespread fear and mistrust in the trade.\"Navadia added, \"Unlike other sectors, the fly-by-night operators do not disappear from the market, but they wait for the mediators for the settlement. Sometimes, they agree to pay only 40-50 per cent of the default amount. The diamond manufacturers cannot even register police complaint as the dealings are done on a plain paper chit and that there are no official records.\"Last month, a diamond trader in Mumbai's Opera House defaulted on a payment of Rs 80 crore to diamond manufacturers in Mumbai and Surat. Out of the total defaulted amount, Rs 55 crore belonged to the diamond manufacturers from Surat. However, the trade leaders intervened and that the defaulter agreed to pay 40 per cent of the default amount only.Market sources said the credit risks are rising fast as the diamond industry slows to a crawl in 2012. Reason: polished diamond prices have declined by almost 20 per cent in the last seven months of 2012 following week rupee and dwindling demand from the domestic and overseas markets like China, Hong Kong and UAE .\"There are certain elements trying to malign the overall image of the industry. We would like to warn the diamond manufacturers to stay away from dealing with such fly-by-night operators in future,\" said a senior office-bearer of Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) asking anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385518", "title": "It's Balakrishna vs Pawan Kalyan", "text": "Mega and Nandamuri fans will lock horns once again when their favorite heroes Pawan Kalyan and Balakrishna clash at the box office. Both the star heroes are playing journalist in their forthcoming films. While Balayya will be seen as a courageous journo, Pawan essays the role of a street smart reporter.However, Balakrishna's Srimannarayana is schedule for release in September while Pawan Kalyan's Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu will hit the marquee in October. Both the star heroes have already upped the ante with their powerful dialogues.Balayya's Srimannarayana trailer is already creating a buzz with the actor's role reflecting that of a socially conscious scribe and uttering punch dialogues. On the flip side, director Puri Jagannath is all geared to showcase Pawan as a responsible guy fighting against social-political enemies through the media.So it'll be interesting to see who will excel in the role of a journalist!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385673", "title": "R-Patz to give first interview since split with Stewart", "text": "Robert Pattinson is all set to break his silence with his first TV interview since splitting with cheating girlfriend Kristen Stewart.The 'Twilight star, who moved out of the couple's LA love nest after the scandal , will make an appearance on ABC's Good Morning America on August 15.The star, who has been keeping low and has holed up at his co-star Resee Witherspoon's holiday ranch, was recently spotted at 'The Deer Lodge' in Ojai, on the Friday night.\"I've been told by several people that Robert Pattinson was here enjoying the music with his friends. He seemed in good spirits,\" Radaronline.com quoted an employee of the bar as saying.\"I wasn't on that night so I didn't personally see him, but several others did,\" the employee added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381806", "title": "PWD to blame for your water woes, says BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when rains play truant and water cuts are forced on the public, the additional water supply from the ambitious Middle Vaitarna dam would have come as a much-needed relief. But the wait for the same is going to continue due to the public works department's (PWD) apathy.The BMC will be able to release only 275 million litres per day (MLD) of the announced 455 MLD of water this season as the PWD has been sitting on a proposal to reconstruct a bridge that will get submerged if the entire water is released.In 2007, the PWD was given the task of rebuilding the British-era bridge across the Vaitarna since the old structure's height was just 20m. It had to be replaced with a 50m bridge so that it does not get submerged once the dam, which stands a few kilometers away, is made operational. Despite several letters from the civic chief's office, the PWD hasn't completed the reconstruction of the bridge.According to PWD officials, this is the tallest bridge that they would be constructing till date and there were several reasons for the delay. \"We get labour from Chattisgarh and it takes time to mobilize the same. Also, the site is in a remote location, hence, it isn't easy to carry out the work,\" said a senior PWD official.TOI has learnt that of the bridge's eight spans, only four have been completed. The government agency has assured that the work will be completed by October as the \"other three spans have almost been erected. The central span has been a problem since an accident took place at the site a month ago.\"TOI had visited the site on May 27 and had reported that four spans of the bridge were completed, which would directly affect the planned supply of the Middle Vaitarna dam.Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner, told TOI, \"We will not be able to supply the previously announced 455 MLD water from the Middle Vaitarna dam as the bridge that comes in between will get submerged if we release the said amount of water. We have written several letters to the PWD to complete the work on time.\"This PWD bridge has a strong link with several yesteryear Hindi film industry actors. Through the late 60s and 70s, many popular movies were shot here. Actors Dilip Kumar , Raj Kapoor , Dev Anand , Vyjayanthimala Bali, Rajendra Kumar , Dharmendra , Saira Banu , Asha Parekh , Jeetendra and Amitabh Bachchan had to camp here for their films.Times View : PWD needs to get its act togetherThis is red tape at its worst. Mumbai will be getting 180 million litres of less water every day just because the public works department has sat on a BMC file for four years. All this comes at a time when you are being forced to do with less than your usual quota of water; it is this coincidence that makes the delay even more difficult to accept.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382697", "title": "Botswanian dealer's papers under scrutiny", "text": "BANGALORE: The Botswana high commission in New Delhi has sought details from Bangalore police about their national, Raymond David Masahsah. The 26-year-old was arrested on Sunday for allegedly selling cocaine worth Rs 10 lakh in the city.Raymond was identified as the son of David Masahsah, who stays at 42A, Park Avenue, Gaborone, Botswana. A senior police officer said Raymond claimed he was a Botswana citizen and had a passport of that country.\"A high commission official, Cello, contacted us on Monday, claiming that Raymond may be holding a fake passport. Botswana government issues passports with biometrics, embedded with electronic security features. We have sent copies of his passport to the high commission for verification,\" an officer said.The Central Crime Branch in Bangalore recovered from Raymond two mobiles and some Indian and Nepali currencies.\"His passport bore a business visa stamp and he has been staying in Delhi since 2011. He befriended several African nationals and got the narcotic through one of his contacts, identified as Sandy. He was in the habit of selling cocaine near KFC on MG Road and near UB City,\" police claimed citing his confessional statement.Police said his visa is valid till September this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382411", "title": "State had given CBI extra powers in 1989", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government may have questioned the CBI jurisdiction to probe a criminal complaint against Adarsh scam-hit members, but its claim seems to be falling flat.Advocate Y P Singh said the government had in 1989 given consent to extend the powers and jurisdiction to members of the Delhi Police Establishment Act (CBI) to investigate offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. The notification was issued by A K Bhagwat, deputy secretary, home department, on February 22, 1989. Y P Singh represents social activist Simpreet Singh in a petition the latter had filed in 2010. \"When the CBI has been given powers, the state's stand now of not consenting to a probe by it, is baseless,'' he said.The 1989 order is unlikely to bring cheer to accused in the Adarsh case, many who had drawn a parallel between their battle against the CBI and former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati's battle. The Adarsh accused had argued, as in Mayawati's case, that the CBI had not taken government consent.The Supreme Court had recently quashed the CBI's nine-year-old case against the Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP) president, in which she was accused of amassing huge amounts of unaccounted wealth. The court had ruled that the CBI had no jurisdiction to investigate it.Defence ministry officials say the government's argument is flawed. \"Though they may be posted anywhere in the state, bureaucrats, like defence officers, are central government employees. So, if there are allegations of corruption against them, they have to be investigated by the CBI, and not the state anti-corruption bureau, whose capabilities of investigation and record of conviction are an open-secret,'' the officials said.\"The state ACB would come into the picture if the defence ministry had complained of land ownership irregularities. The complaint is of corruption and misuse of power by central government employees, which comes within the CBI's jurisdiction,'' the officials said.What's troubling army officials is the distinction in arresting corrupt defence officials vis-a-vis bureaucrats. \"When the CBI has to arrest serving armymen for corruption, they don't wait for our sanction.\" they said. Instead, they arrest the corrupt officer and then inform us. But in case of corrupt bureaucrats, also central government employees, the CBI not only shies from arresting them but seeks the Centre's nod to even lodge a first information report against them. Why the distinction,'' they asked.The CBI has not got department of personnel &amp; training approval to file a chargesheet against serving bureaucrats Jairaj Phatak and Pradeep Vyas in the Adarsh case.In an affidavit by Pravin Wategaonkar, who has filed a PIL asking for the Prevention of Money Laundering Act to be invoked in the Adarsh case, he pointed out that the Bombay high court on January 18, 2011, had directed the CBI to lodge an FIR while hearing a petition filed by social activists Simpreet and Mahendra Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382339", "title": "BJP skirts Advani's 2014 poll 'prediction', JD(U) disagrees", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Monday remained non-committal on \"the non-BJP, non-Congress PM\" scenario put forth by L K Advani for 2014 general elections, even though its ally in the NDA, JD(U), joined issue with the veteran leader.During a media interaction, the party virtually stonewalled all questions on the issue. BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar skirted the raging issue with a terse one-liner \u2014 \"next question please\".In stark contrast, JD(U) president and NDA convenor Sharad Yadav openly disagreed with Advani. Calling his contention a mere \"prediction\", Yadav said he did not believe in predictions since they often turn out to be wrong.\"L K Advani is the NDA working chairperson. But he has predicted and I do not go by predictions. UPA will go (after the elections) and NDA will put up a fight,\" Yadav told reporters.On Sunday, Advani had blogged that a non-Congress, non-BJP PM supported by either of the two parties is \"feasible\" after the 2014 elections. He cited that it had happened in the past, even though such governments' tenure was short-lived.Senior BJP leaders are tightlipped on the issue, hinting at none is willing to either take on Advani or side with him on his projection.Yadav, however, made his position clear. \"Advani is an elder statesman and so many a times he rises above party lines while making comments. But I am not in agreement with his prediction,\" he said. But, Yadav echoed Advani's contention that a Third Front government was unlikely.Interestingly, JD(U), sources said, would likely to benefit the most from the scenario projected by Advani.The blog comes against the backdrop of Bihar CM and JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar seeking an assurance from the BJP that Gujarat CM Narendra Modi will not be NDA's PM candidate for the 2014 polls.Observers have also interpreted Advani's remarks as a reflection of the ever-declining relationship between him and Modi and that it could be aimed at scuttling Gujarat CM's chances to be a PM candidate along with the veteran leader's unhappiness with the state of affairs in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15383118", "title": "Dhumal slams first ton in 'B' division Kanga League", "text": "MUMBAI: On a day dominated by the bowlers, Aditya Dhumal of the Sind Cricket Club became the first batsman to record a century this season, against Parsee Gymkhana in the 'B' division of the Kanga League at the Parsee Gymkhana, on Sunday.Dhumal scored 106 (90b, 5x6, 11x4), and was involved in a 91-run partnership for the eighth wicket with Narendra Ambhavne to helped his side reach 196. In reply, Parsee Gymkhana were 131 for four at stumps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15383500", "title": "Weeklong shower makes up for deficit", "text": "RANCHI: The heavy downpour in the past one week has to some extend compensated for the rain deficit this of July. Between June 1 and August 5, Jharkhand received 496.4mm of rainfall as against a normal of 583.7mm.Director, India Meteorological Department (IMD) Ranchi, G K Mohanty, said the deficit was around 23% by July 19 but now has come down to 15 %. The entire state, however, has not been lucky as a few districts continue to suffer. Pakur is the only district which has received excess rainfall to the tune of 780mm (23% above normal).Ranchi has received good rainfall in the past one week, recording 428.2mm, which is 26 per cent less than normal. The deficit, which was very pronounced till mid-July, was at 40 per cent. While Ranchi received 24.8mm of rainfall on Monday, on Friday it received 47.7mm rainfall. Quite strikingly, Pakur and Deoghar, both under the Santhal Parganas division, have recorded the season's maximum and minimum rainfall. While Pakur has received excess rain, Deoghar is deficient by around 38 per cent, which is maximum in the state. Till date, Deoghar has received 328.7mm rain.The rain trend of the past week caused by a cyclonic circulation over the northwest Bay of Bengal is likely to subside soon. Mohanty said the cyclonic depression over Jharkhand has gradually moved towards Chhattisgarh . \"Though the rains are expected to continue over the next 24 to 48 hours, it could be moderate and scattered,\" he said.When asked if the monsoon deficit would be further reduced,Mohanty said there are chances of rainfall in the coming weeks but the gap has largely been filled up in the past week. tnn\"In meteorological terms plus or minus 19 per cent is considered normal and in that regard since the deficit is now nearly 15 per cent we can say Jharkhand has received normal rainfall this season,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "15382700", "title": "3 kids hurt in Tumkur accident", "text": "TUMKUR: Three school children were injured when former Tumkur MLA H Ningappa's car hit their autorickshaw on Monday evening. His son Suhas was driving the JD(S) leader's car at the time of the accident. The auto fell into a drain and three kids were hurt. Tumkur police registered a case of rash driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15382167", "title": "Heavy rains lash MP, villages flooded, highways cut off", "text": "BHOPAL: Scores of villages were flooded across Madhya Pradesh on Monday as heavy rains lashed the state. High alert was sounded in Hoshangabad district, where the Narmada waters had crossed the danger mark.Met department warned of \"very heavy and continuous rainfall\" in the next 48 hours.Bhopal received about 140mm rainfall forcing closure of various roads and highways connecting the city with the rest of the state. Several other key roads were also flooded across the state.Reports said, the Narmada in Hoshangabad was flowing above the 964 feet danger level and low lying areas on the banks of the river were submerged.In Betul, a portion of the Rajdoh bridge built over the Tawa river between Sarni and Chhindwara forest areas was washed away after 20-hour non-stop rain. A cluster of 40 villages in the Ghoradongri tehsil of Betul district were cut off from the outside world.Residents of 75 flooded villages were rescued and shifted to a relief camp in Mana village. In Raisen, Polha village was suddenly flooded as residents climbed rooftops to save themselves. They were later rescued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15382373", "title": "SC rejects CBI plea for cancellation of Yeddyurappa's bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday rejected a petition by Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) seeking cancellation of anticipatory bail to former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa in the alleged mining scam, probe into which was taken up by the agency on the basis of the apex court's May 11 order.The CBI had on May 15 registered a case against Yeddyurappa to investigate findings of the apex court's environmental panel, which recorded two charges against the ex-CM - land purchased by his close relatives for Rs 40 lakh in 2006 and subsequently sold to South West Mining Ltd in 2010 for Rs 20 crore and donation of Rs 20 crore received by Prerna Education Society, an NGO run by Yeddyurappa's relatives, from South West Mining Ltd.Though the trial court had rejected Yeddyurappa's anticipatory bail plea on June 13, two days later, the Karnataka High Court granted him the relief and ordered that in case the CBI arrested him, he would be released on bail after he furnished a personal bond of Rs 2 lakh with two sureties. The HC had also asked him not to leave Bangalore without prior permission from the agency, not to tamper with evidence and witnesses and to cooperate with the investigating officer.Appearing for the CBI, additional solicitor general Mohan Parasaran told a bench of Justices T S Thakur and F M I Kalifulla that the HC had commented on merits of the case and virtually put at naught the charges identified by the apex court's environmental panel.\"The Supreme Court had said that there was a prima facie case. But the high court said there was no case made out against Yeddyurappa. He is not cooperating with the investigation and we are not being able to file charge-sheet,\" Parasaran said.The bench said if he was not cooperating with the investigation in breach of the specific direction of the high court, the agency must move the HC for recall of that order. \"Otherwise, there is no substance in your challenge to the anticipatory bail. Prosecution must not grumble on grant of anticipatory bail. It must proceed with the investigation and file charge-sheet if a case is made out,\" the bench said.As per the report of the Central Empowered Committee, Yeddyurappa as chief minister had allegedly abused his office to ensure de-notification of land to be acquired and handed out mining leases to JSW Steel in return for monetary gain which was routed through trusts run by the other accused who were his two sons and son-in-law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi/pune", "code": "15381027", "title": "Hazare disbands Team Anna, says pressure on govt to stay", "text": "NEW DELHI/PUNE: Anna Hazare on Monday disbanded 'Team Anna', announcing that the group had outlived its utility, a decision that may spell demise of the brand that came to define the anti-graft campaign of the civil society.\"The team was constituted to secure a strong Lokpal. It is clear that the government is not willing to constitute the watchdog. So it was decided not to maintain any contact with the government. Team Anna's work is over,\" Hazare said in his blog. The Gandhian returned to Ralegan Siddhi on Monday.However, Hazare said the dissolution of Team Anna would not mean an end to the pressure for setting up of a strong Lokpal.\"The agitation to demand a strong watchdog from the government has been stopped, but the movement and quest for Lokpal has not ended. If the government does not accept the demand, we will elect good people in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections who will not only form a strong Lokpal but also make laws like right to reject, right to recall and further empower gram sabhas,\" he said.Writing in his blog, Hazare said he would remain associated with the goal\u2014announced from Jantar Mantar on August 2\u2014to create a political alternative, but dropped hints that from now on his association with the civil society activists, who led the anti-graft campaign, may not be unconditional.Although unlike renowned civil society actors like Medha Patkar and Justice (retired) Santosh Hegde, the social campaigner was not critical of the political aspirations of Arvind Kejriwal, Prashant Bhushan and Kiran Bedi. However, he made little effort to hide his worry that the political turn is not free of risks.While saying that he was aligned with the effort to explore a political alternative, Anna said, \"However, there are some issues that need to be addressed first. We need to decide how to identify clean and non-corrupt candidates, the method of selecting party workers to keep out corrupt or criminal elements, how to raise the Rs 10 crore-Rs 15 crore needed to contest the elections and, most importantly, what action should be taken if candidates deviate from their goals after coming to power,\" he said.He explained, \"If your focus shifts to power and money, the party will be no different from other political parties. The day I see any deviation from the goal or hankering after money and power, I will stop right there.\"Hazare announced his plan to embark on a countrywide tour over the next one-and-a-half years. \"I will appeal to the people to look for candidates with good character for the Lok Sabha elections. Once we identify such people, our workers will scrutinize them and their work before selecting them as candidates. I successfully tried this experiment in Maharashtra and eight of the 12 shortlisted candidates won the assembly elections,\" he said.His plan to act as the oversight for the civil society activists can be a mixed bag for Prashant Bhushan and Kejriwal as they grope their way into the political arena. His continuing association with the group will mean that they can continue to profit from the pull he has among people: something that was critical in the transformation of the civil society from a pressure group into a mass movement that forced the government to agree to write a new Lokpal law.But Hazare hovering around them will also mean they have to contend with someone whose views diverge from theirs on a host of issues: something which is very crucial given the growing estimate that left-of-centre viewpoint has lately been on ascendance in the civil society group. The views of the Gandhian\u2014from his conception of patriotism to whether there should be a referendum in J&K;\u2014veer more towards the stance of the right wing than that of civil society activists like Prashant Bhushan.Outlining the future of the political alternative, Hazare said he would not fight elections or be part of a political party. He has also warned those offering the political alternative not to deviate from serving the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15381585", "title": "A hi-tech solution to cut railway station queues", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Southern Railway (SR) divisional office here is planning to set up automatic ticket vending machines at the Thiruvananthapuram Central railway station soon. The move is expected to cut the long queues in front of ticket counters at the station.The machines, which employ technology similar to ATMs, will help passengers book tickets using prepaid 'smart cards'. Print outs of the tickets can also be taken on the spot.Tickets can be procured for daily commutes within the state. Passengers will also be able to book tickets two to three days prior to their journey.\"It was decided to introduce the vending machines after we noticed lengthy queues at the ticket counters here, especially during morning and evening peak hours. The easy-to-use touch screen interface will help passengers choose the destination, class and number of seats. The smart card can be recharged just like pre-paid mobile cards,\" said a senior commercial department official.According to the official, after Thiruvananthapuram Central, the facility would be introduced at Ernakulam and Thrissur railway stations.\"In the initial stage, we will post an official with a smart card near the machine to help the passengers. Once the public familiarizes with the system, the smart cards will be made available for all. Southern Railway is planning to launch the facility within two months, which at the moment is only employed at its Chennai suburban system,\" the official said.He added that if found successful, the facility would be made available at all stations in the state.The ticket vending machines which employ technology similar to ATMs will help passengers book tickets using prepaid smart cards", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381640", "title": "Humidity adds to disease list", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dengue, malaria and gastrointestinal infections are not the only health problems faced by people across the capital these days. Due to high levels of humidity, there has been a spurt in cases of skin infections and allergies too, say doctors. On Sunday, humidity stood at 84%.Doctors advise to keep the body dry. \"Excessive sweating and damp skin leads to fungal infections. It causes rashes or ringworm which is not serious but discomforting. The groin, armpits and shoulders are the most common sites where rashes occur,\" said a senior doctor.He said using antiseptics or home remedies like neem leaves with bathing water and spraying talcum powder in the sensitive areas can help.Another common problem during the season is pink eyes or conjunctivitis, a highly contagious disease caused by bacterial and viral infection. Opthalmologist Sanjay Choudhary says maintaining good hand hygiene can help check the spread of the disease to a large extent. \"Currency notes are the biggest source of infection. So one should clean hands before touching the eyes or rubbing them,\" said Dr Choudhary.He added that one should avoid crowded places and the sharing of toiletries. \"Those travelling by public modes of transport need to be extra careful and school-going children should ensure that they do not come in direct contact with an infected person.\"The symptoms of the conjunctivitis are blurred vision, crusts that form on the eyelid overnight, eye pain, gritty feeling in the eyes, increased tearing, itching and redness in the eyes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15383058", "title": "Encroachments veil leakages", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Many complaints regarding water pipeline leakages and sewerage blockages have been pouring in but the civic body authority is facing problems in dealing with these. The stumbling block here is not any technical problem, but heavy encroachment on government land under which water and sewerage pipelines are passing.Initiating strict action, the engineering wing of the MC has now issued 500 notices to residents of Maloya Colony, giving them a week's time to demolish illegal structures. After this, notices will be served on people who have encroached upon government land in the remaining rehabilitation colonies and other areas. According to information, the major problem is there in almost all the rehabilitation colonies of the city where land has been encroached upon. But the problem becomes extensive as these lines are connected with various other parts of the city.Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"We have served notices to 500 residents of Maloya Colony, who have encroached upon land under which pipelines are passing. After that notices to residents living in the rest of the areas where there are encroachments will also be served.\" R C Diwan, superintending engineer of public health wing of MC's engineering department said, \"The encroachment on government land has emerged as a big problem for us and almost all the rehabilitation colonies have encroached upon land by constructing berms or other structures, under which pipelines are passing. Due to this, we are facing a lot of problem in identifying the problem.\"MC commissioner Vivek Partap Singh had asked councillors for support in removing illegal structures during the monthly house meeting a week ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382087", "title": "I-T depart to tax pharma firms spending on freebies for doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: The income-tax department would tax the amount pharmaceutical and allied health sector industries spend on freebies for medical practitioners and their professional associations. Those who accept the freebies will also be taxed.The decision follows amendment to Medical Council of India regulations banning doctors and their associations from accepting freebies that include gifts, money, travel facility and hospitality extended by pharma companies and manufacturers of medical devices and nutraceuticals.The August 1 circular of Central Board of Direct Taxes says that the department has come across such instances. A senior official from a pharma company admitted that several companies resort to such practices to advance their sales. He cited the instance of a company, a relatively new entrant, planning to take around 80 doctors from across the country for a full expense paid foreign trip for a `seminar'. \"Some of them will be allowed to take their families depending on the doctor's standing,\" he said. \"There have been cases where the doctors decided on the gifts.\"Presently, income tax department grants tax exemption to money spent on business promotion. The department accepts companies' claim and allows tax deduction. An income tax official said, \"Henceforth, the pharma companies cannot claim this benefit because the regulations prohibit it. And if we can prove that the company extended freebies to doctors, they are liable to pay tax on it. Moreover, those who received these freebies will also have to pay tax on the value of the gift or the money spent on them. For instance, if a doctor received a fridge as a gift, its market value will be treated as his or her income.\" The department has asked assessing officers take an appropriate action.Chandra Mohan Gulati, a drug regulatory expert from Delhi, said this is a great first step. \"Let it not be the last step. The government should now amend the Companies Act in such a manner that so that companies have to mention in their balance sheets expenditure incurred on doctors or medical associations but disallowed by the IT Act,\" he said. This will create awareness about the sums spent by companies on wooing the medical fraternity, said doctors. Dr Gulati, who has been called for several meetings on the subject by the government of India, said that the doctors should also be asked to mention details of their \"gifts\" from pharmaceutical firms.In 2009, the MCI had set forth guidelines for doctors vis-a-vis pharmaceutical companies. \"But that was just a half measure. MCI has no jurisdiction over pharmaceutical companies. Now, with the government of India taking this first step, things should improve,\" he added.Ranga Iyer, who formerly headed Wyeth and the OPPI (Organization of Pharmaceutical Producers of India, said, \"We should look at the IT Act changes in isolation. The need is for ethical marketing practices for pharmaceutical companies and we support any such move.\"Dr Arun Bal of the ACASH (Association for Consumers' Action on Safety &amp; Health), an NGO that works for patients' rights, said, \"This follows previous unsuccessive attempts by the MCI and the government of India to bring about self-regulation among doctors and the industry.\" There is a need for more transparency from the industry, he added. \"In the US, companies are asked to mention on their websites all details of the expenses made to doctors and associations.\"(With inputs from Malathy Iyer)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15383330", "title": "Chhaya, Paramjit Kaur create awareness about breastfeeding", "text": "LUDHIANA: In the wake of World Breastfeeding Week from August 1 to August 7, Chhaya of Kailash Nagar Chowk and Paramjit Kaur of Doraha have joined a support group formed by a city-based hospital to create awareness about the significance of breastfeeding. The two are among the 10 mothers who have volunteered to be a part of the group that includes doctors and trained lactation mothers.Chhaya, wife of civil engineer Honey Singh and mother of one-and-a-half-year-old daughter Naazneen, said, \"I had heard much about the benefits of breastfeeding. When I was expecting, a doctor told me that breastfeeding increases a baby's immunity to diseases like diabetes and cancer, among others. Besides, it would benefit me by checking weight gain. My family, including my mother and mother-in-law, too insisted that I breastfeed my baby. And it seems to have borne fruits, as my girl hardly falls ill.\"On what motivated her to join the group, she said, \"I want to encourage new mothers to only breastfeed their child. I have already motivated my cousin Chanchal Bhardwaj, who recently became a mother.\"Paramjit Kaur, 28, wife of businessman Inderjit Singh and mother of a four-month-old girl Manseerat, said, \"My doctor had told me that every year millions of babies die because of poor immunity and that their lives could have been saved had they been breastfed. This made me decide to breastfeed my baby. Besides, my mother Manjit Kaur, sister Ramanjeet Kaur and sister-in-law Pawandeep Kaur, who lives in the US, too, encouraged me. Breastfeeding my baby gives me much satisfaction. I feel motherhood is incomplete without it. Through this group, I want to burst many myths related to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15381589", "title": "Staff will clean up litter, NMC says", "text": "NASHIK: The influx of visitors to Nashik on Monday to travel to Trimbakeshwar for the Shravan Somvar Pheri, left a trail of litter in the city.Health officer of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), Dr S G Hiray, said that sanitary inspectors in all the six divisions had been asked to clear the litter caused by the pilgrimsvisiting Trimbakeshwar. The NMC deployed 10 sanitary employees on Monday to clean up Central Bus Station (CBS).Pilgrims visiting Trimbakeshwar for the ritualistic pheri (circumambulation) during the Hindu month of Shravan, have littered the city with plastic, bottles and thermocol glasses particularly in areas like the Central Bus Stand (CBS), Mela Stand, Thakkar Bazaar and surrounding places. On Mondays and Tuesdays this litter is more than the other days.The NMC until now depended on regular cleaning by the sanitary employees to dispose the litter which is markedly higher on Mondays and Tuesday during the holy month of of Shravan. But it was only on the Monday marked by the Shravan Somvar pheri that the health officer took cognizance of the issue and deployed the sanitary employees late in the afternoon to clean the mess near CBS and surrounding areas.\"The entire place will be cleaned up by the sanitary employees by late evening. Taking into consideration the fact that pilgrims will keep coming even during the night, we will be deploying these employees till the morning as well to keep the areas clean,\" Hiray added.Agreeing that the NMC had not detected problem areas in the city with respect to cleanliness, due to the plilgrim influx during Shravan Dr Hiray said sanitary inspectors across all the six divisions of the city will be instructed to locate the major problem areas so these could be cleaned out regularaly.\"In any case, the road from the bus stand to Satpur and Trimbak Road, within the NMC limits, will be cleared during regular sweeping activities undertaken by sanitary employees,\" Hiray said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15381673", "title": "Four private hospitals offer discounts for the elderly", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A group of private hospitals, in a move to ensure better care for senior citizens, have decided to offer them discount in the treatment expenses. As per the talks the managements of four leading private hospitals had with the Senior Citizens Friends Welfare Association, it has been decided to offer 10-15% cut in treatment cost for the senior citizens of the state.Kerala Institute of Medical Science (KIMS) in Anayara, Sree Uthradom Tirunal hospital in Pattom, Cosmopolitan Hospital in Pottakuzhi and SK Hospital in Pangode are the four hospitals which have signed an agreement with the association. \"This will be a big solace for the senior citizens, especially for those who are finding it hard to meet the expenses. The agreement is that the senior citizens coming with the identity card of the association will be given the discount,\" said state secretary of the association Amaravila Ramakrishnan Nair.The association is now engaged in talks with the private hospital managements in Ernakulam and Kozhikode also. \"We had one round of talk with the hospitals there. The initial responses are positive and we hope that we can sign an agreement with them soon,\" said senior vice president of the association R Rajan.Apart from this the association also held talks with some self-financing medical college managements to implement the system there too.The association has also submitted a memorandum to the state government seeking special geriatric wards in all government hospitals in the state. \"We have demanded wards for the senior citizens in those hospitals where there is an inpatient facility. At present the government has committed to set up geriatric wards in all taluk hospitals, which is not sufficient,\" said the association leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15383481", "title": "Inter-group violence subsides in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Normalcy returned to Pandra locality in Ranchi with no untoward incident being reported on Monday following the group clash that broke out on Thursday night. As a precautionary measure the district administration continued to deploy 250-odd police personnel in the area despite improvement in the situation.A peace agreement was reached between the two groups in the presence of MLA Bandhu Tirkey and police on Sunday. Mohamed Abbas, who had represented one group at the peace meet, said, \"The villagers have been peace loving. People from both communities have been living here for decades and they share love and affection. The infighting had started over a misunderstanding.\"DSP (Kotwali) Surendra Singh Pal said the security personnel would remain in the area for a few more days. Representatives of the two groups who are part of the peace committee on Monday visited the village and counselled the locals.The condition of all the four boys who were hospitalized after sustaining injuries in the violence has also improved.Usha Gupta, mother of Ayush Raj, said that her son was better now. \"Ayush is better now. But we are incurring huge expenses and this has become a huge problem for me. The police should at least provide me the expenses,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381582", "title": "'RTE covers even partially funded schools'", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major decision taken on Monday, the local education department has ruled that schools receiving government aid even partially cannot escape the Right to Education (RTE) ambit. The RTE excludes minority schools that do not receive grants from government. Since many minority schools in the city receive grants from Std V onwards, they claimed exemption because RTE admissions have to be done at entry level only (Std I or earlier).This decision was the result of a complaint filed by some parents against JN Tata Parsi Girls School after being refused admission under the 25% free RTE quota. Someshwar Netam, district in charge of RTE, said, \"The law clearly says even if the schools receive partial funding, RTE is applicable. I have dispatched a written order to the school with this decision and have asked them to give admission to the complainant.\"Though the school is yet to receive the order, its principal Y Khisty says not much can be done at this stage. She said, \"the admissions for this year have already been completed so probably any change can be implemented next year only. However, that decision rests with the school's trustees and can be taken only after we receive letter from the department.\"While quite a few schools had refused admissions citing similar reasons, Tata Parsi happened to be the only one against whom a complaint was lodged. Netam, who is also the primary section's education officer, said, \"this decision has to be followed by every school that has a funding structure similar to Tata Parsi's. We have some more complaints coming in about other schools but their nature will be known by next week when we call parents for a meeting. I hope the message gets out to everyone so there is no misrepresentation of the law and kids are not denied admissions.\"The second decision taken by the department was regarding the distance criterion. Netam said, \"though the law says there has to be a 1km radius, this can be extended if seats under 25% quota remain vacant. To fill up these seats, school can take students from as far as 6km. The letters sent to schools have clarified all these points and once everyone receives them, we hope there would be no further problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15382684", "title": "Govt moves Bill to levy entry fee on vehicles", "text": "PORVORIM: The state has introduced the Goa Highways (Amendment) Bill, 2012 to enable the government to collect entry fee from non-Goa registered vehicles.The bill seeks to insert a new section to provide for punishment to vehicle drivers entering bridges or highways or roads without payment of fees. On conviction a first-time offender can be fined 1,000 and for a subsequent offence the fine may increase to Rs 5,000.The bill also seeks to amend sections of the Goa, Daman and Diu Highways Act, 1974 (Act 10 of 1974) so as to enable the government to exempt certain motor vehicles from payment of fees.It further seeks to insert a new section to enable the government to enter into an agreement for development and maintenance of highways, bridges and roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382488", "title": "Woman dies after MTC bus hits her bike", "text": "CHENNAI: Accidents involving Metropolitan Transport Corporation buses have killed 60 people in 58 accidents this year, according to data from Chennai Traffic Police.The latest victim is C Rekha of Anna Nagar who was knocked down by an MTC bus near the Luz Corner signal in Mylapore on Sunday night. A day earlier, 12-year-old Vignesh came under the wheels of an MTC bus when he tried to alight from it as it was moving.On Sunday night, Rekha was returning home with her seven-year-old son on her two-wheeler after attending a temple function when the accident occurred, police said. MTC bus on route 1A (Thiruvanmiyur-Thiruvottiyur), coming from Ramakrishna Mutt Salai, hit her bike from behind as she was waiting at the traffic signal at Luz junction. Her son, who was riding pillion, escaped unhurt.\"Rekha sustained serious injuries to the shoulder and head and died without responding to treatment at a private hospital,\" Adyar traffic investigation inspector Ravi Kumaran said. A case was registered under IPC section 304 (A) (causing death due to negligence) against MTC driver Bhagyaselvam.MTC has the worst reputation amongst transport operators of major cities, including Delhi, Bangalore and Mumbai. A total of 112 people were killed in 2011 in accidents involving buses of the corporation which has the smallest fleet \u2014 3,500 buses. In the same year, the Delhi Transport Corporation with more than 5,700 buses killed 83 people, while buses of the Bangalore Metropolitan Corporation, which has 6,500 buses, killed 69 people.Adding to the poor driving skills of MTC drivers, lack of maintenance of automatic doors has led to an increase in the number of people dying while travelling on the foot board. Automatic doors were introduced in 2007. And the number of people killed in accidents involving MTC buses, which had dropped to 13 in 2009, rose to 28 in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15383636", "title": "Case against six granite quarries as raids continue", "text": "MADURAI: Keelavalavu police filed cases against six granite companies involved in illegal granite quarrying, including Olympus, where Union chemicals and fertilisers minister M K Alagiri's son, Durai Dhayanidhi, is said to be a partner. Along with him, another partner, Nagarajan of Olympus was also booked under the Sections 447 (Punishment for Criminal Trespass) and 379 (Punishment for Theft) of the IPC and Section 3 (1) of the Tamil Nadu Property (Prevention of Damage and Loss) Act, police sources said.A team of officials from the district administration started combing the granite quarries from August 3 after large-scale irregularities of illegal granite quarrying were reported by the previous collector, U Sagayam. Split into 18 teams to inspect 175 quarrying sites in the district, the officials faced difficulties in ascertaining the boundaries and granite companies trying to cover up the granite quarries with debris and soil. Each team is headed by an official of the deputy tahsildar cadre, while every three teams are supervised by an official of the deputy collector cadre. The teams supervised by the deputy collector are further monitored by RDO cadre official, official sources said.From Monday, the team of officials started surveying the irregularities in the granite quarries with the help of GPS equipment. A senior official from the district administration said that they were shocked at the speed in which the quarry owners were covering up the evidences. \"We came to know there were sheds to store the granites in few villages, but, when we visited the places, all the signs of the sheds were neatly wiped out without any trace. With sufficient manpower and machinery, the granite owners are quick enough to cover their irregularities,\" he said. However, the GPS equipment will greatly help them to assess the quantum of illegal quarrying, the officials said.District collector, Anshul Mishra, said that they started working with one GPS equipment, from Monday onwards and two more such equipment will be arriving shortly. \"One more equipment, is expected to arrive from Krishnagiri very shortly and these will assist in assessing the exact volume of quarrying in the granite quarries,\" he said.District SP, V Balakrishnan said that the police filed cases against six granite companies involved in illegal granite quarrying at Keelavalavu police limits. However, police sources said that they are yet to arrest anyone as the quarry owners went missing after the inspection started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15381730", "title": "CM reshuffles district mantris", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Monday appointed new minister in-charges of various Andhra Pradesh districts. According to sources, the decision has been taken in order to give a fresh look to the party and administration in districts following the debacle in the recent byelections.At the same time, he also relieved some other ministers of their responsibilities. The new in-charge ministers are: Kanna Lakshminarayana( West Godavari), P Sabita Indra Reddy (East Godavari), P Viswaroop (Vizianagaram), Thota Narasimham (Krishna), Gita Reddy (Hyderabad), Basavaraju Saraiah (Adilabad), Sridhar Babu (Rangareddy), N Uttam Kumar Reddy (Mahbubnagar), S Sailajanath (Prakasam), Mukhesh Goud (Nizambad), Erasu Pratap Reddy (Srikakulam), Dharmana Prasada Rao (Visakhapatnam), Pitani Satyanarayana (Nellore), Ghanta Srinivasa Rao (Anantapur), KP Parthasarathy (Chittoor), Mahidhar Reddy (Kadapa), TG Venkatesh (Guntur) and Kondru Murali (Kurnool).The ministers who were relieved of their responsibilities are Damodar Raja Narasimha (deputy CM), K Jana Reddy (panchayat raj) Anam Ramnarayana Reddy (finance), N Raghuveera Reddy (revenue) S Sudarshan Reddy (irrigation), D Manikyavara Prasad (rural development), Satrucharla Vijaya Ramaraju (forests), Galla Aruna Kumari (mines), Vatti Vasanth Kumar (youth affairs and culture) and Danam Nagender (labour).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382549", "title": "Namma Cycle kicks off in Indian Institute of Science", "text": "BANGALORE: Designed to increase connectivity and create environmentally friendly modes of public transport, Namma Cycle, the first public bicycling initiative in Bangalore, rolled out at the Indian Institute of Science campus on Monday.This is a joint initiative of the Centre for Infrastructure, Sustainable Infrastructure and Urban Planning (CiSTUP), IISc and Ride a Cycle Foundation. TI Cycles India, part of the Muruguppan Group in Chennai, has sponsored 150 cycles to kickstart it.Gubbi Labs, a private research collective, designed the system and developed the bicycle-sharing software which is built on open source platform so that the technology and process can be shared easily.\"Initial studies and observations have shown the institute has a large number of privately owned bicycle-users, largely students who move around the campus. The cycles are bought for Rs 3,000- Rs 5,000. Namma Cycle hopes to make bicycle-riding on campus more cost-effective,\" said Murali H R of Ride a Cycle Foundation.How it worksIt works on a simple sign-up, select, ride and return system where students can sign up on the website nammacycle.in and get a registration ID, select a cycle from any station rack, ride the cycle to the destination and return it to the nearest station.Based on the response, it'll be expanded to a 2-km radius around the campus to include students and faculty living in the area. It could grow into a wider network, involving partnerships with municipal authorities to improve road infrastructure for cyclists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15382985", "title": "Best Ramasamy surrenders in gambling case, granted bail", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a fresh trouble for Kongunaadu Munnetra Kazhagam (KMK) amidst the ongoing power struggle within the party, the outfit's president Best S Ramasamy has been booked as the main accused in a gambling case registered in Tirupur north police station.Ramasamy surrendered on Monday before the judicial magistrate court I, which granted him bail. While Ramasamy managed to give the police a slip when they raided a private club in Tirupur late Sunday evening, eight others were arrested from the spot and Rs 50,340 was seized from them.\"Ramasamy surrendered before the court on Monday and was released on bail. The rest of the accused were fined Rs 250 each by the court,\" said P Kumar, inspector (law and order), Tirupur north police station.A team of policemen from the station raided the Tirupur club based on a tip-off that some individuals were indulging in gambling at the club. Police have also booked K Appusamy, president of the Tirupur club, among the eight accused in the case.Coincidentally, Ramasamy got entangled in the controversy on the very same day his supporters convened a general body meeting of the outfit in Coimbatore and also lashed out against party general secretary ER Easwaran. A long standing factional feud is reportedly raging between these two leaders within the top echelons of KMK to gain total control of the outfit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381343", "title": "Iftar politics hots up as CM to host meet in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The month of Ramzan also provides an opportunity for social bonding during community dinners at Iftar time. Politicians of all hues latch on to this chance to get close to minority community. BJP president Nitin Gadkari made it to an iftar meet at Boripura Haj training centre on Sunday. And now chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will be hosting a special iftar party in the city on Friday.\"This is not a party or political event. It is more of an official party for prominent members of Muslims community from all over Vidarbha who are CM's special invitees,\" said city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta. Probably for the first time, chief minister will be holding such party in the city for the community outside the winter session of the state legislature. It is common for the government to do it if Ramzan falls during the winter session. On Friday Chavan will fly to the city for the party, spend a few hours at the party greeting the minority community guests and return to Mumbai.First Gadkari attending one such party and now Chavan making a similar effort are seen as politicization of the occasion. There is strong speculation that Gadkari could be contesting Lok Sabha elections in 2014 from the city. Even BJP insiders are worried that about 3 lakh minority votes along with an equal number of Dalit ones would be difficult to get as both communities have traditionally gone with Congress. So the tug of war for Muslim votes may have already started with the Iftar parties.On Sunday, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe presided over a meeting to discuss preparations for the CM's iftar party to be held at latter's official residence Ramgiri. Local administration is being involved in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15383590", "title": "Anti graft activist tries to kill self", "text": "RAJKOT: An anti-corruption activist Iqbal Suthar (60) tried to kill himself on Sunday by consuming a poisonous substance. A resident of Ramod village in Kotdasangani taluka of Rajkot district, Suthar is presently being treated at the city's civil hospital.Suthar's friends said that his condition is stable and they are trying to ascertain why he attempted suicide. \"On Sunday afternoon, he consumed a poisonous substance near Mahatma Gandhi's statue at Jubiliee Chowk in the city. He called his friends before his bid and informed them about decision. We soon rushed to the spot and admitted him to the hospital,'' said Suthar's close associate Jignesh Kalavadia.Kalavadia said that Suthar is a staunch supporter of Anna Hazare's movement against corruption. He had even left a note addressed to Mahatma Gandhi in which he had written about the current situation in the country.\"However, there are multiple issues associated with his suicide bid and as of now we can't say what exactly prompted him to take the extreme step,\" said Kalavadia. Suthar had sat on a 13-day fast few months ago when Anna Hazare had started a fast unto the death in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15382741", "title": "Geetika Sharma held top-level post in MDLR's Goa casino", "text": "PANAJI: Geetika Sharma, former employee of the defunct MDLR airlines who committed suicide alleging that she was harassed by its owner and Haryana minister Gopal Kanda, was employed at the company's casino operations in Goa in 2009.Sources said Sharma held a top post in the management and had accompanied Kanda during his visits to Goa. \"She was at the level of a director. Everyone knew of her close connection with Kanda and they travelled to Goa on a few occasions together. Initially, she was based at Mint Club Casino in a five star resort at Arpora and later was overseeing affairs at Mint Cruise Casino,\" sources said. MDLR had then bought over the offshore Casino Rio owned by the Leela Group and renamed it Mint Cruise Casino.Sources further said that Sharma had a fallout with another colleague, Nupur Mehta , over an issue in 2009. \"It was during the Haryana state elections in 2009 when Kanda was elected. The two clashed with each other and Sharma had even lodged a police complaint against her colleague in Goa,\" sources said. Nupur Mehta, a bollywood starlet, is the woman who did the sting operations with bookies in which she claimed that she could fix international cricket matches, sources claim.\"Sharma left MDLR's casino operations late in 2009 before it suddenly shut down leaving its employees in the lurch,\" sources said. TOI had published Sharma's suicide note on its Monday edition, where it was stated that Kanda \"has an illegal relationship with woman named ***** and a girl child also with her.\" Sources told TOI that the woman is based in Goa and earlier resided in Porvorim, but was later 'gifted' a bungalow at Taleigao, a couple of kilometers away from the capital city of Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381658", "title": "Man turns to crime for pregnant wife", "text": "NAGPUR: A 23-year-old man, who earned his livelihood as a painter, began committing crimes to earn extra money required for treatment of his pregnant wife. In fact, the mobile phone which accused Swapnil Kamble had stolen and later gifted to his wife led to his arrest last week.After netting Kamble, Hudkeshwar police subsequently trapped Ankush Lakhote and Sunil Shamkule in the case and detected seven offences of burglaries in Besa, Beltarodi and adjoining localities. Police also recovered stolen valuables worth Rs two lakh from the trio. It is learnt that Lakhote has almost three dozen offences of burglaries against him. The trio would target locked houses by the night.It was learnt that Kamble started off as an informer but later began to participate in the burglaries with Lakhote and Shamkule.Under senior inspector Wasudev Wandre, assistant PI Vijay Akot and detection squad in-charge sub-inspector Vinod Dighore are now trying to ascertain whether more people were involved with the trio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383042", "title": "India Meteorological Department forecasts more light rain for Pune", "text": "PUNE: Intermittent spells of light rain with low intensity occurred in several areas across the city on Monday though the India Meteorological Department's (IMD) Shivajinagar observatory recorded just 0.8 mm rain between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Monday.The eastern outskirts of the city, however, reported fairly good rain with the IMD's Lohegaon observatory recording 5 mm of rain.The IMD has forecast a 51% to 75% probability for a few spells of light rain in the city during the next 24 hours. \"We do not expect much improvement in rainfall activity over the city in next couple of days,\" IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting Medha Khole said.The city has now received 213.4 mm rain since the beginning of the monsoon on June 1. This is 140.2 mm less than the normal rainfall for the season so far.Fairly heavy rain continued in the catchment areas of the main dams, which provide water to the city. Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet dams 34 mm, 30 mm and 31 mm rain in the 24 hours ending 6 am on Monday. Khadakwasla dam received 3 mm rain during this period.Referring to rainfall in the state during the last 24 hours, Khole said, \"Vidarbha and coastal Maharashtra areas have received widespread showers with heavy rain at isolated places. However, parts of central Maharashtra, which stretches from Jalgaon and Nashik in the north to Kolhapur in the south, and Marathwada continue to suffer a rainfall deficiency.\"A low pressure area, which developed in the Bay of Bengal in the last two days, has moved in a northwesterly direction over north Chhattisgarh and neighbouring areas,\" said Khole. \"Because of this system, the monsoon trough has shifted south of its normal position and this is bringing rain to Vidarbha and other parts of central India, including Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh ,\" she added.\"An offshore trough in the Arabian sea runs across Maharashtra to the Kerala coast and became active on Monday. This will bring rains to Konkan and Goa and south central Maharashtra areas,\" she said.\"The rainfall over central India in the last two to three days has substantially reduced the rain deficiency of central Maharashtra region from 36% below normal last week to 26% below normal this week,\" said Khole. \"However, the deficiency is still 34% below normal for the Marathwada region.\"In south central Maharashtra, Mahabaleshwar recorded 55 mm rain on Monday. This is in addition to the 81 mm rain it received between 8.30 am on Sunday and 8.30 am on Monday. Chandgad in Kolhapur district received 60 mm rain, while Radhanagari and Gaganbawada, also in Kolhapur, reported 40 mm rain in the 24 hours ending at 8.30 am on Monday.Mumbai's Colaba observatory recorded 20 mm rain between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Monday, while the Santacruz observatory recorded 12 mm rain during this period. Ratnagiri and Alibag, both in Konkan, recorded 7 mm and 5 mm rain respectively. Sangli and Satara, in south central Maharashtra, recorded 7 mm and 2 mm rain respectively, while Kolhapur recorded 15 mm rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15382107", "title": "Row over delay in faculty interview at VNSGU", "text": "SURAT: The non-appointment of a nominee by the governor in the interview panel for faculty selections in Gujarati department of Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) has led to postponement of the interviews.This issue has created a controversy in the university which was preparing to start the courses in the department from the coming academic year.Former syndicate member Dinesh Dasa wrote to the governor and chancellor of VNSGU, Dr Kamla.He alleged that the non appointment of the nominee reflects an anti-educational approach of the governor.The interviews were scheduled on August 7 to select faculties on the newly approved positions at Gujarati department of VSNGU. The authorities were to appoint one professor, one associate professor and three assistant professors. VNSGU had written to the governor on July 10 asking her to appoint a nominee on the interview panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15382523", "title": "Pharmacy courses need booster shot as students lose interest", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The first round of admissions for ME and MPharm courses is over and there are still 3,595 seats vacant in various colleges offering these courses across the state. A reshuffling would be carried out for the vacant seats on August 13.There are 1,153 seats vacant in master of engineering (ME) courses, even as 178 students have got their admissions cancelled. In case of MPharm there are 2,442 seats lying vacant out of which 118 students got their admissions cancelled.The admission committee has announced the schedule for reshuffling. There are 50 ME colleges with 3,853 seats for which 8,100 students had applied. For MPharm, there are 61 colleges with 4,600 seats with only 2,530 applicants.The first round of counseling for the students seeking admission to ME colleges was held on July 23 while for MPharm students it was carried out on July 20. It was for the first time that the admission committee had first deducted five seats reserved for sponsored students from the industry from the number of seats in each college and then declared the 25% management quota seats. This decision had led to unrest among the managements of the self-financed colleges.Earlier, the admission committee used to declare management quota seats without deducting the five sponsored seats.The maximum number of seats that have fallen vacant are in the pharmacy stream as there have been few takers for both BPharm and M Pharm courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381686", "title": "Forest dept takes 9 months to declare results of wildlife week contests", "text": "NAGPUR: When results of even national-level competitive exams are declared in less than three months, the forest department of Maharashtra has taken nine months to declare the results of its state level competitions organized for wildlife week in October 2011.The results for essay, drawing and photography competitions organized by the forest department during the wildlife week celebrations in October 2011 have been declared now, after a gap of nine months. One wonders why deciding the winner of these competitions proved this difficult and time consuming when results of more complicated exams are declared much faster.\"We got the results from the wildlife wing. They might have taken time to evaluate the entries. It's not in our hands, we declared the results as soon as we got them,\" said Kamlakar Dhamge, PRO (forest).Such a callous attitude by the department can lead to disinterest among participants, as the date of participation and declaration of results are so far away. There is a possibility that even participants may have forgotten about it. The results have been declared when wildlife week 2012 is only around two months away.Conservationists say such an approach by authorities might dampen the spirit of conservation in the next generation. They say that when authorities themselves have a lethargic attitude towards such activities expecting enthusiasm from children in wildlife and its conservation is a long shot.From Nagpur circle, Vijaykumar Nagrikar has bagged the first position in essay writing competition in open group, Bhavna Kapgate has won the second prize in junior college group, while Usha Dongre has won the second prize in middle school group. Atish Sahare has won the third prize in open group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15383802", "title": "Agitation a bad precedent, says Director general", "text": "HYDERABAD: Director general of police (DGP) V Dinesh Reddy and some top officials of Andhra Pradesh Special Police (APSP) battalions on Monday met a delegation of family members of APSP constables at the state police headquarters here and assured them all help.After hearing out the problems of the family members, the DGP informed them that welfare of police personnel was his top priority. However, the top cop told them that since they were the kin of a disciplined force, it was a bad precedent on their part to stage dharnas and rasta rokos.He also warned the family members that if such violations happen in future, law would take its own course. At this juncture, the delegation assured the DGP that they would never resort to such protests in future and requested the top cop to pardon even their husbands. Later, the DGP warned the APSP officials not to create any trouble and instigate the lower-rung staff. He said that if similar things happen again in future, not just disciplinary action but even criminal cases would be booked against the 'errant' officers.Briefing the media, additional DG (Battalions) Gautam Sawang announced that they have identified several anti-social elements who were involved in violence during the recent protests. However, the officer did not reveal the names of the miscreants and where exactly they had created trouble. The additional DG also assured that APSP constables would be posted within 200 kilometres from their base and a new recruitment drive would take place within a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382566", "title": "Minister Deokar may be arrested soon", "text": "MUMBAI: After a delay of well over three months, the Sharad Pawar-led NCP on Monday sacked minister of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar from the ministry for his alleged involvement in the Rs 32-crore Jalgaon housing scam. According to reports, Deokar was given his marching orders in view of the possibility of his arrest after the Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court on Monday cancelled his bail, which was granted by the Jalgaon district court on May 21. The HC also refused permission for Deokar to approach the Supreme Court.Deokar is the third NCP minister\u2014after public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal and irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare\u2014to be embroiled in controversy. Both Bhujbal and Tatkare have been blamed for rampant irregularities in projects. In the Jalgaon scam, Deokar is among 90 accused, including former housing minister and senior Shiv Sena MLA Sureshdada Jain.His alleged role in the scam was as chairman of the town's municipal council. Deokar was arrested\u2014the first cabinet member in Maharashtra to undergo the experience while in office\u2014but released the same day on bail. The bail was challenged in the high court, which not only cancelled it, but also refused permission for Deokar to approach the Supreme Court. \"Because of the nature of the high court's directions, the Jalgaon police will have no option but to arrest Deokar and produce him before the court,\" said a senior IPS officer.The Jalgaon Municipal Council (JMC) under Jain's control had in 1997 floated tenders for the construction of 11,000 affordable houses in the town, though home construction was not its mandate. Eleven builders submitted tenders, but the JMC changed the rules at the last moment. As a result, only Khandesh Builders, a front for Jain and Golani Developers, remained in the fray (Golani's tender was rejected on technical grounds).Following a complaint lodged by JMC's independent member Suresh Anna Patil, its then chief executive officer Praveen Gedam initiated a probe into the scam and found that plots reserved for public gardens, schools and hospitals were illegally allotted for the project. When it was found that a loan secured from the Housing and Urban Development Corporation (HUDCO) was illegally transferred to firms controlled by Jain, leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse (BJP) demanded a high-level probe. In February 2006, Gedam lodged an FIR against 90 councillors who were JMC members between 1995 and 2006. After arrest, Jain was granted interim bail owing to ill-health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15384400", "title": "Eastern swing for faraway fairways", "text": "KOLKATA: If Indian golfers are making their presence felt on the world stage, with Anirban Lahiri's delightful debut at the British Open last month providing yet another confirmation of a trend that is barely a decade old, the pressure is now on the pipeline to supply the swing for tomorrow.India's top juniors are now bracing themselves for another opportunity to pit themselves against the best in the world with the qualifiers for the Hank Haney Tour well underway. Viraj Madappa, Tutul Ali, Mohan Sardar, Arjun Puri and Devansh Chadha are top contenders to make the next stage from the East India Pre-Qualifiers, to be played over the Tollygunge Club course on Thursday and Friday.Five boys and five girls from each of the categories 'A' (under-18) and 'B' (under-15) will make the national qualifiers, to come off in New Delhi in late September. Qualifiers from the west and south have already been identified while the northern qualifiers will be held next month.The national qualifiers will throw up 12 players (three boys and three girls in each category) for an eight-nation Asian Tournament of Champions in Thailand .The Asian circuit was set up in 2009 by Hank Haney, a former coach of Tiger Woods . Qualifiers for the Asian tournament will also earn the right to participate in Haney's Tournament of Champions in the United States in May next year.The Indian qualifiers are being hosted by the Albatross Junior Tour, an organisation floated five years ago by parents to give their wards more tournaments.Running alongside the qualifiers are a regular Albatross tournament, with competition held in categories 'A' to 'E'. It's time for the eastern swing as the country awaits the future Jeev Milkha Singhs and Jyoti Randhawas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15383014", "title": "Nayana Pujari case: Prosecution objects to Rajesh Chaudhari's plea", "text": "PUNE: The prosecution on Monday objected to accused-turned-approver Rajesh Chaudhari's plea that he be made a co-suspect in the rape and murder of software engineer Nayana Pujari.Special public prosecutor Harshad Nimbalkar submitted before the principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar that the main absconding suspect Yogesh Raut has pressurised Chaudhari and his family members to change his mind.The prosecution's case got a jolt after Chaudhari filed a plea for withdrawing the pardon given to him for becoming an approver. He had demanded that he be made a co-suspect in the case.Nimbalkar said that Chaudhari had made a confessional statement about his role and the role of other suspects in the crime without any fear or force before a magisterial court under section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code.Nimbalkar said that he (Chaudhari) had given the confessional statement voluntarily without any inducement, threat or pressure from police or any other authority and therefore his plea to make him a co-suspect is totally false and made due to some pressure or influence from outside sources.Nimbalkar said that Chaudhari had later filed a plea to isolate him from other inmates which suggests that he could be under pressure from other suspects to retract from his confessional statement.The prosecution pleaded to give Chaudhari time to reconsider his decision and to consult his lawyer in the interest of justice.The judge has reserved its order on the approver's plea till August 21.Yogesh Raut had escaped police custody when he was brought to Sassoon general hospital for medical treatment on September 17, 2011.Nayana, an employee of Synechron, a software firm located at Kharadi, was found murdered at Rajgurunagar in Khed, about 50 km from here, on October 8, 2009. Her body was recovered from the Zarewadi forest area with her head and face smashed with stones. The prosecution had examined four witnesses, but after Raut's escape, the trial had come to a standstill. The judge decided to split the trial on a plea filed by defence counsel as there was no possibility of Raut getting arrested in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "15382079", "title": "ITBP, BRO intensify rescue operations in Uttarkashi", "text": "DEHRADUN: The Indo-Tibet Border Police (ITBP) along with National Disaster Relief Force (NDRF) and Border Roads Organisation (BRO) on Monday intensified rescue and relief operations in the disaster-hit areas of Uttarakhand.The District Magistrate of Uttarkashi, the worst-hit region of the state, Rajesh Kumar revised the human toll of the natural calamity to 28. Speaking to reporters in Uttarkashi, Kumar said that four people presumed dead were in fact alive and had returned to their homes late on Sunday.He added that apart from the 28 people declared dead, which include the 23 workers of the state-run UJVN's Assi Ganga Hydel Project, 11 others are missing while five are injured. The DM added that if the 11 missing are not traced by Tuesday, they may be included in the list of the dead.A senior district officer in Uttarkashi said that the jawans of ITBP, NDRF, and BRO are also distributing food packets to people in the affected areas. He said that the collapse of the 140m-long pedestrian bridge on the Bhagirathi river, which connects both sides of Uttarkashi town and acts a lifeline to it, late on Sunday has virtually paralyzed the tourist town. \"We are totally cut off from the other side of the river,\" a 68-year-old trader in Uttarkashi said.The ITBP has started erecting a 'rope bridge' across the Bhagirathi to resume communication links in the rain-ravaged state. The paramilitary forces have brought a fresh contingent to build the bridge, while it has also started operating six medical camps in various flood and rain water affected areas.The ITBP, which guards the Sino-Indian frontier, has deployed about 300 personnel for relief and rescue works in the state. Uttarakhand chief secretary Alok Kumar Jain said on Monday that on a directive from chief minister Vijay Bahuguna , senior district authorities in Uttarkashi have been asked to expedite payment of ex-gratia to the next of kin of those killed in the natural calamity.Jain said that out of the Rs 20 crore sanctioned by the state government, Rs 3 lakh each will be given to the families of those killed apart from Rs 1 lakh each to rebuild their houses.A senior IAS officer in Dehradun said that the Char Dham yatra routes continue to be blocked since Friday due to heavy landslides at different places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382102", "title": "Mumbai slum structures have grown 40% since 1995: State", "text": "MUMBAI: Slum structures in Mumbai have grown by nearly 40% since 1995, as per the state's latest data. An inventory created on the basis of electoral rolls has revealed that there were 10.58 lakh slum structures till 1995.Civic and collectorate officials have conveyed that this number has now crossed the 14.5 lakh mark. In June this year, CM Prithviraj Chavan, who also handles the housing portfolio, had asked officials from the BMC and the collector's office to create a detailed inventory of pre-1995 and post-1995 slum structures on the basis of electoral rolls. He ordered the inventory to find a solution for the slum problem in Mumbai.The Centre has kick-started a 'slum-free' India plan. With Mumbai hosting the most number of slum structures, a concrete and sustainable plan for the city holds the key to the mission's success. On Tuesday, Chavan is expected to convene a crucial meeting, where solutions to certain roadblocks will also be discussed.Based on the latest inventory, Chavan is expected to take a final view on a proposal for recognizing a slum dweller's right to transfer a slum structure. In the run-up to the civic polls, Chavan had announced a decision to relax the eligibility criteria for slum dwellers in new redevelopment projects. While existing development control regulations allow only the original inhabitant of a pre-1995 (January 1) slum structure to be rehabilitated, an amendment was proposed to the rules allowing new occupiers (including those who settled after the January 1, 1995 cut-off date) of such structures to be rehabilitated upon payment of transfer fee.Even as the state invited suggestions and objections on the move, the office of the advocate general advised it to refer the matter to the Supreme Court, where a case regarding slum cut-off is pending. Concerns over further proliferation of slums and further burden on the city's fragile infrastructure were raised from certain quarters, even as the state administration did not receive a single objection. The state administration is of the view that it can the state could go ahead and implement the move. Officials said Chavan could take a decision in this matter.The housing department has also been toying with a plan to introduce a new slum redevelopment model. This could come up for discussion, officials said. Issues regarding the coastal slum makeover and Dharavi redevelopment are also expected to be raised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15381439", "title": "Wisconsin shooting: Gloom over Punjab's big fat US wedding", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Preparations were on in full swing for the wedding of Punjab rural development and panchayat minister Surjit Singh Rakhra's niece in Wisconsin this weekend.Within hours, however, gloom descended as Rakhra's 65-year-old brother-in-law, Satwant Kaleka, was riddled with bullets in Sunday's shootout at a suburban Sikh gurdwara. \"It was an attack on humanity,\" said Rakhra to TOI.The marriage on August 11, which was to be attended by many of his Cabinet colleagues including Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, has not been called off yet. However, when it does, it will be a low key affair. Rakhra's niece, Tina, was to wed an American engineer in Wisconsin, an event which was drawing powerful Akali leaders as well as businessmen.\"My brother-in-law was an affable and humble person. He migrated to the United States with just Rs 20,000 in his pocket,\" said Rakhra, adding that Kaleka even co-founded the gurdwara and oversaw its services.There are nearly 3,200 Sikh families in Wisconsin's Milwaukee area. Rakhra's brother Darshan Singh Dhaliwal was the youngest Indian American billionaire in 2003, owning more than 100 gas stations across the US.\"Sikhism is a peaceful religion. We are among the most tolerant people in the world. Yet, we have suffered for generations,\" bemoaned Rakhra.Kaleka's son, Amardeep, was inconsolable. \"He was shot twice and was lying on the floor in a pool of blood. He even tried to resist the shooter. We are shattered,\" he said, adding that Kaleka had worked hard since his arrival in the US in 1982 to make the business flourish. \"He couldn't even talk in English during those days but always remained a devout and hardworking Sikh,\" said Amardeep.His mother, who too was inside the gurdwara at the time of the attack, managed to hide inside the community hall and dodge the bullets.Over the past few years, Satwant became one of the most successful businessmen owning gas stations and other properties in the area.Kaleka's family members were in shock. \"Satwant never feared anything and was always ready to help others. The family's reputation earned them a lot of respect,\" said Kaleka's eldest brother Amarjit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383554", "title": "Airport Line: Metro to replace grouting with steel pedestals", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the hullabaloo over defective bearings found on Airport Metro Express line, Delhi Metro is not taking any chance and plans to not only change the 500-odd defective bearings but also the grouting underneath. \"We will replace the 500-odd bearings found defective and also the grouting underneath . Instead, to ensure quality control, we are going to put steel pedestals under the bearings,\" said a senior Metro official.The decision comes after the joint inspection committee of the Delhi Metro and the Reliance Infrastructure-led consortium found that the grouting under the bearings had disintegrated in many places.As reported by TOI, it's not just the 540 bearings that will be replaced. DMRC is also going to inspect all the 2,100 bearings on the line. \"Any bearing that is even slightly damaged will be addressed ,\" added the official. The work, incidentally, has been divided into three parts and will be undertaken by three different agencies. \"We will take out the tender today (Monday),\" added the source. As per Delhi Metro's work schedule, the 500-odd bearings will be replaced first, and thereafter, the rest of the 2,100 bearings.\"Our priority is to finish the replacement of the 540 bearings by August-end , and then start work on the rest of the section,\" he added.Sources said that with over 1,500 bearings being attended to, the work schedule has had to be extended as well. The deadline for completion of the rectification has been shifted to September 20 now, said Delhi Metro. The decision to replace the concrete grouting with steel pedestals will ensure that the work gets completed fast, informed Delhi Metro officials.\"Grouts take time to set. Also, quality control is an issue in making the grouting. With steel pedestals, quality is ensured as steel is much stronger than concrete,\" said the official.To replace the bearings, the girder will be lifted by less than an inch with hydraulic jacks. This will allow the existing grouting to be destroyed , and in its place, the steel pedestal and new bearings will be fixed. Work on the Airport Metro Express is expected to start this week, he added. Sources say that over 80 % of the bearings will need to be addressed.Meanwhile, the joint committee is still inspecting the cracks in the girders. \"The team is still assessing the reason for the cracks on the girders . It will take another 10 days or so before the report is generated, and action will be taken accordingly,\" said the Metro official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15382135", "title": "Cable-stayed bridge will not be ready before polls", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) is upbeat over completing its dream project - the cable-stayed bridge by May 2013. The first phase of the work for the project is almost over. However, the ruling BJP will not be able to showcase it as its achievement during the assembly elections to be held by December 2012.Executive engineer SMC BK Ghadiya said, \"We have completed laying foundations of piers at the 16 proposed locations. About 40 per cent of the work is over.\"At present, work on the approach roads on both sides of river at Adajan and Athwalines is going on. The construction work of super structure at Adajan is also on. The work for the main portion of the Rs 143.65 crore bridge - 998 metre-long with a middle cable portion of 300 metres - has begun while that for sub and super structure is likely to start his month.\"The cable portion will take time. We would need to tread cautiously. Load bearing and balancing need to be done properly. We feel final portion of the bridge will take 10 months' time,\" said Jatin Shah, city engineer, SMC.The SMC had assured people that the bridge would be completed within 30 months, i.e., by April-May 2013.The civic body ran into lot of trouble with regard to land land acquisition process for construction of approach road on Adajan. It took nearly a year to acquire 7,000 sq metres of land for the purpose. Now, the work has gathered speed for the first of its kind bridge in the country.\"The bridge will be Surat's shaan,\" said Bhimji Patel, chairman, standing committee, SMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15383776", "title": "Woman held for posing as doctor", "text": "TRICHY: Police are baffled about a con woman, who had masqueraded as a doctor at the Annal Gandhi Government Hospital here for over a month and had cheated a large number of gullible people by promising them government jobs, particularly in the maternity ward.The woman, C Abinaya, in her late 20s, was arrested by the police at the hospital outpost after they got wind that a particular doctor was openly collecting money on the promise of getting jobs in the hospital. The incident of a bogus doctor being on duty for a month also highlighted the fact the security concerns within the hospital premises, a police officer said disdainfully.The police, could find the fraudulent doctor's bluff with the help of A Karthikeyan, dean of KAP Viswanatham Government Medical College, whom Abinaya had claimed to have known. Karthikeyan nailed her lie when he confronted her in front of the police. Turning her face to the wall, Abinaya said, \"Sorry, I do not know you, sir, but I had to drop a few names to gain acceptability.\" The Woraiyur police, who maintain the outpost at the hospital, booked Abinaya under Sections 419 and 420 and remanded her in judicial custody for 15 days.Abinaya, a college dropout from Karur first burst on the scene in Trichy in the second week of December last year. Following a complaint from a young construction engineer, Murugan from Thillainagar in Trichy, she was remanded in judicial custody. Murugan had then complained to the police that he was allegedly drained off his riches by threat, deception and scandal by Abinaya, who first came to his life for counselling.Abinaya had claimed to Murugan that she was a final year medical student of Sri Ramachandra Medical College in Chennai. Producing a college identity card, she told Murugan that she was originally from Karur and the daughter of former Karur MP, Chinnaswamy. When a lawyer confronted that the former MP, a widower, had only two sons, she said that her mother Tamil Selvi was his concubine once upon a time. Police said Murugan might have fell for her charms and after a romantic sojourn, he might have wanted to wash his hands off her.Interestingly, some lawyers for reasons best known to them came to her rescue then and she was let off the hook of the law. It was also true that she could carry on her nefarious activities thanks to two sub-inspectors, who had fell for her charms. Abinaya could not act anymore and the investigating officer Vincent Jayakumar grilled her thoroughly to ferret out the truth.Vincent told TOI on Monday that she does not have a permanent address, nor any known relatives. This time around it has been proved beyond doubt that she is a pathological liar and she had cheated a large number of gullible people on the promise getting them government jobs. She told Vincent that she would settle some of the cases once she came out on bail. \"She has a lot money in the bank and if need be, she said she would sell her scooter to pay off the outstanding,\" Vincent said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385442", "title": "Surprise b\u2019day bash for Abhishek Kapoor", "text": "Close friends from outside the film industry planned a surprise party for Abhishek Kapoor at a popular hangout on Sunday night. Abhishek turned a year older on August 6.A source told us, \"Abhishek was taken to this place, where he had no clue about people already waiting for him. He was very happy to meet his friends and people with whom he has worked professionally.\"Among those present at the bash were Sohail Khan , with whom Abhishek made his directorial debut in Aryan , Arjun Rampal and Farhan Akhtar . Arjun even turned DJ, playing music for a while, according to the source.An eyewitness at the party said, \"It was a very chilled out affair. Suzanne Roshan, Mehr Jessia and Preity Zinta were seen deep in conversation. Abhishek's girlfriend Pragya took care of all the guests. A two-tier cake was cut at midnight.\"Also seen at the do were the cast and crew of Abhishek's next Kai Po Che, Chetan Bhagat, whose book The 3 mistakes of my life the film is based on, Ritesh Sidhwani along with his wife, Yuvraj Singh and Kalyani Chawla. The celebrations went on till the wee hours of the morning. It was one rocking party for a very lucky birthday boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15381733", "title": "Attached: Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd's bank accounts", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a setback for Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL), the Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT) in New Delhi has attached five accounts of the company with various banks in Hyderabad and Chennai through two orders issued on August 2 and 3, 2012.With this, DCHL's accounts with the Hyderabad branches of Punjab National Bank (PNB), HDFC and ICICI as well as the Chennai branch of ICICI Bank have been attached.The attachment orders were part of DRT's interim orders on a petition filed by Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI) over DCHL's failure to redeem non-convertible debentures worth Rs 25 crore due before the June deadline this year.During the course of the hearing at the tribunal, DCHL had paid some amount by way of interest on the NCDs to IFCI and for the principal amount of Rs 25 crore it had issued a cheque drawn on ICICI Bank at Chennai that bounced.In its order, DRT directed that the attachment of accounts to the extent of around Rs 25.17 crore should be kept in interest-bearing 'no lien accounts' for a maximum period of six months and not be distributed without prior permission of the tribunal.In the interim order, DRT also recorded the apprehensions of the IFCI counsel that DCHL was \"transferring their assets one after another\" and collection of IFCI's dues would be jeopardized if the bank accounts were not attached at this stage.The DRT also observed that the \"conduct of DCHL was not up to the mark and that they were transferring their shareholdings and encumbering assets in favour of some creditors such as banks and NBFCs.The IFCI counsel in his plea argued that an urgent interim order was required as DCHL had \"already transferred (assets), by way of pledge shareholding of 54% on July 26, 2012 and 14.4% on July 30, 2012\". He added that an FIR was lodged by Karvy Stock Broking Ltd against DCHL and its directors for offences under various sections of IPC.Meanwhile, ICICI Bank, which already has an exposure of Rs 490 crore with DCHL, has moved a fresh application before the DRT seeking protection of the securities mortgaged with the bank by the latter and has sought to be heard in the matter, which has been posted to August 8, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15383430", "title": "Govt to launch website to fight human trafficking", "text": "RANCHI: The state home department will launch a special website dedicated to tackle human trafficking. The website will have information of Acts and amendments along with the latest orders of courts.Principal secretary home JB Tubid said trafficking has become a serious problem and the state government wanted to tackle it very effectively. \"In our endeavour to effectively tackle the menace we are going to launch a website which will have all details which will be useful for victims, prosecutors and NGOs,\" said Tubid at the concluding function of three-day training programme for lawyers on human trafficking from Bihar , Jharkhand , Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand and Chhattisgarh.Speaking on the occasion, National University for Study and Research in Law (NUSRL) vice-chancellor AK Koul said the need of the hour is to break the nexus between police, politicians and administrative officials to tackle human trafficking.Sharing his experience of a project in which he worked with Delhi police in red light areas, Koul said hundreds of trafficked girls from Nepal and Bangladesh were brought to the national capital by agents. \"Out of every 10 girl that reach the red light area, six are taken to foreign countries. Delhi is just a transit point. During the project I also came to know that the officers of local police station are involved in the crime,\" he said.Koul said he came to know of a similar nexus of politicians and traffickers in a case in Uttar Pradesh. \"I was surprised that the district magistrate was not willing to issue arrest warrant against the accused. When he finally issued the warrant only middlemen were arrested who were just scapegoats,\" Koul added.The VC, who had also practiced in the Supreme Court, criticized the Union government for not taking action against officials who are guilty of keeping trafficked girls as domestic help. \"Recently an Indian Foreign Service officer posted in the US admitted before the court of law there that he had kept a trafficked girl as domestic help. I was surprise that the government did not take any action against the officer even after he admitted to the crime,\" said Koul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15380927", "title": "Villages flooded, road link with Bhopal cut off", "text": "BHOPAL: Villages are marooned, highways flooded and connectivity to the state capital cut-off as major parts of Madhya Pradesh received incessant rainfall following a low pressure atmospheric activity which developed over Jabalpur-Mandla areas and started moving towards western and central regions. High alert has been sounded in Hoshangabad district where the Narmada waters are rising fast. Expect very heavy and continuous rainfall in the next 48 hours, the meteorological department warned TOI.With about 140 mm rainfall in 24 hours, Bhopal became an island by Monday evening marooned with many of the connecting highways to the districts under water. The heavy rainfall forced Hoshangabad-Bhopal and Vidisha - Bhopal roads to closure. The Obaidullahgunj-Salkanpur road was flooded and traffic to the state capital stopped. In Hoshangabad district, the Pipariya-Pachmarhi road was closed while the Khandwa-Jabalpur highway was completely under a deluge. Harda and Pachmarhi too remained marooned from adjoining districts till late Monday evening.The Narmada in Hoshangabad is gushing much above the 964 feet danger level and low lying areas on the banks of the river are already submerged. While the Narmada waters were swelling, 13 sluice gates of the Tawa Dam were opened on Monday and 3 lakh cusec water was released. In Betul, a portion of the Rajdoh bridge built on the Tawa river between Sarni and Chhindwara forest areas were washed away after 20 hours of non-stop heavy showers. A cluster of 40 villages in the Ghoradongri tehsil of Betul district remains marooned with waters on all sides.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's assembly constituency of Budhni received nearly 9 inches ( 220 mm) of rainfall in six hours on Monday. Villagers from 75 flooded villages were rescued and put-up in a relief camp in Mana village. In Raisen, sudden water flooded Polha village where residents climbed on the roofs of houses to save themselves from being washed away by the strong currents. They were evacuated while a family of five persons including two children had to be rescued by the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15383429", "title": "Moharda water project to be ready by 2013", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The possibility of the launch of the ambitious Moharda drinking water project got brighter on Monday with the release of water from the reservoir to 28 receiving points during a trial run.The project, which aims to supply piped water to nearly two lakh people in the constituency, was started by the water resources department in 2006 and was expected to commence within 18 months.However, owing to several factors, including political instability and irregularities on the part of the developer, the project got delayed.Now, it is set for completion by the end of the fiscal year 2012-13. The initial cost was Rs 21 crore but now it has crossed Rs 30 crore.\"The work got delayed because of the previous contractor. His job was later terminated after the deputy chief minister, Sudesh Mahato , intervened. The government has issued fresh tenders to carry out the remaining work,\" said Jamshedpur (East) MLA, Raghuvar Das.He said the Jamshedpur Notified Area Committee, (JNAC) will soon begin inviting applications for tap installation in all houses seeking water connection. \"The pipe connection work will get over by January next year and in all probability the project will commence from February-March next year,\" said Das was instrumental in introducing this project in the non-command areas of Tata Steel . The 55-lakh gallon capacity project is expected to provide drinking water to residents of Bagunhatu, Bagunnagar, Baridih, Birsanagar, Moharda and Hurlung slum areas.\"On August 7, there's a meeting scheduled with the deputy commissioner, Himani Pandey. After this, fresh orders will be issued, if necessary,\" said Das, a former deputy chief minister of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15382673", "title": "'Mine pits overflow into Selaulim waters'", "text": "PANAJI: Three residents of Colomba-Sanguem, have alleged that a few mining companies are emptying their overflowing pits into the dam increasing the manganese content in the water.Rama Velip, Motes Antao and Telu Dias, have lodged a police complaint at Quepem police station to the effect.Dumps of at least four mines are located close to Selaulim dam. The slurry washes off into the dam or streams leading to the reservoir. \"Two to three lease operators are pumping out water to avert disastrous conditions,\" Velip told TOI on Monday.Though mining activity has been suspended, releasing water from overflowing pits continues for safety reasons. \"At one site, allowing the pit to fill to the brim raises the danger of landslides,\" Velip said. In another case, the retaining wall around the pit may collapse. Water is also released on the western side of the mining sites into the Kushavati river, Velip added.The three anti-mining activists have named seven mining leases in the complaint filed under Section 277 of Indian Penal Code (IPC), alleging polluting a source of public water supply at the cost of public health.A Quepem police official said the matter is under inquiry. Goa State Pollution Control Board would have to verify it,\" a Margao police official said.After incessant rains in the first week of July, manganese content in the water shot up six times (3.5 mg per litre) beyond the permissible limit of 0.5 mg per litre. Selaulim's catchment area has 17 mining leases within 200 metres of the reservoir.Selaulim is South Goa's lifeline supplying 180 mld of treated water. The output was reduced to 140 mld for a few days last month due to manganese content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381156", "title": "Markandey Katju releases Janak Palta's book on rural development", "text": "INDORE: Chairman of the Press Council of India Justice Markandey Katju on Monday released Janak Palta McGilligan's book Barli Development Institute for Rural Development: An Alternative Model of Women's Empowerment in India, at press club here in the presence of former chief minister of Madhya Pradesh Digvijay Singh.On the occasion, the social worker and author Janak informed that she would receive Distinguished Scholarship Award in Montreal in Canada from Association for Baha'i Studies-North America on August 10. She will be felicitated by Piree-Yves Mocquais, academic director of the Association, during an international conference from August 9 to 12. McGilligan will also share her views with about 1,500 scholars from all over the world. She will address them about her experience of establishing Barli institute in 1985 and finally retiring in 2011. Palta and her late husband Jimmy McGilligan had all their married life towards empowerment of rural and tribal women .Indore: Acropolis Institute of Management Studies and Research (AIMSR) celebrated Friendship Day. Various cultural activities were performed on the occasion. Jayantilal Bhandari inaugurated the programme. Many students gave performance on the occasion. Prof Anamika Hardia, Prof Shiv Yadav and Prof Shilpa Raghuwanshi were the coordinators. Prof Manish Jain gave the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15386086", "title": "Veena Malik to host India T20 match", "text": "Bollywood starlet Veena Malik has become the eyecandy of cricket this time. She will be seen hosting India VS Sri Lanka T20 Match on India TV with former cricketers Chetan Sharma, Yograj Singh , Yashpal Sharma, Sanjay Bharadwaj (coach Gautam Gambhir ) and Rajkumar Sharma (coach Virat Kohli ).She has followed cricket passionately all her life and gained good knowledge of cricket. \"I have been a diehard cricket fan and follow the game religiously. I have been offered several projects but this is cricket season. I am taking my passion for the game into account which is why I have decided to do the show,\" said Veena Malik, who is currently in India. Veena Malik will be seen discussing about cricketers and their performance. Team India had won One day series against Sri Lanka and now they are looking forward T20 Match. Veena will bring spice and interest to the more colorful aspects of the cricketers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15382554", "title": "HC issues notices over Parshottam Solanki's plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Monday issued notices to the secretary of the governor, the state government and complainant Ishak Maradia in response to a petition filed by state minister for fisheries Parshottam Solanki. The minister has questioned governor Dr Kamla's decision to grant sanction for his criminal prosecution in regards with the alleged scam to the tune of Rs 400 crore in awarding fishing contracts.Justice R H Shukla has asked the respondents to come up with a reply by August 14. The judge also ordered removal of a couple of paragraphs from the petition, in which he had leveled allegations against the governor.During the hearing, Solanki's counsel Prakash Thakker submitted that the governor's order runs into nearly 50 pages and seems more like an essay. He also argued that the governor appeared to have acted on oral translation of documents. He also expressed displeasure over hasty measures taken by complainant Maradia in filing a complaint under the anti-corruption laws before a Gandhinagar court.The governor gave sanction for the minister's prosecution under the Prevention of Corruption Act on July 26 in response to Maradia's representation. Earlier, the state government had refused to grant the sanction. The issue was then decided by the high court and the governor took the decision on Maradia's demands. Since the HC cleared way, a lower court in Gandhinagar has ordered inquiry into the alleged scam.Facing a criminal prosecution, Parshottam Solanki moved the HC contending that the governor could not have passed such an order without aid and advice of the council of ministers. Solanki has denied that there was any Rs 400-crore scam. He has contended that the government had passed a resolution to award fishing contract at base price to oustees of Narmada project and tribals. The decision of not earning from fishing contracts was taken in good spirit. Hence no tendering process was initiated in awarding fishing contracts. It was not meant for earning at all, he claimed.Senior counsel Thakker submitted before the court that Maradia did not even make Solanki a party in the litigation; neither did the court make any comment against the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382605", "title": "Rain lashes Bangalore, floods roads in an hour", "text": "BANGALORE: In one hour, the city received almost half the rainfall that poured between August 1 and August 6. The Met department recorded 13.9mm rainfall between 8.30am and 5.30pm on Monday, whereas the city received 27.8mm in the first week of August.Rain lashed the city around 4.30pm and flooded roads in an hour. It brought down maximum temperature from 29 degree Celsius to 27.\"We have been waiting for such rain for long. Hopefully, it will continue this way so that we don't face water or power shortage post-monsoon,\" said Bansari Jain, a banker.The Met department has predicted similar conditions for the next two days in Bangalore: cloudy skies accompanied with strong and gusty winds blowing from the surface with one or two spells of heavy rainfall.Rainfall in July 2012: 66.7mmRainfall between August 1 and August 6 (till 5.30pm): 27.8mm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "15383350", "title": "Class-VII girl raped in Midnapore", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Taking advantage of a father's ill health, a man allegedly raped his minor daughter at Midnapore town lodge on August 2. On the basis of the complaint lodged by the girl's father, police initiated a case against 40-year-old Ishan Mandi, who lives in the victim's neighbouring village Bar Jhikuria under the same Debra police station area.Vinod Murmu sustained a serious head injury after he was attacked with a tungi on January 12 during a clash between two factions of the Trinamool Congress. Murmu was later brought to SSKM Hospital for treatment. He returned home after his treatment at SSKM Hospital on July 31.But, again he suffered a severe headache. Family members of Murmu then approached the local Trinamool Anchal Pradhan Alok Bera for further treatment. It was decided that the treatment would be borne by the Trinamool Congress. Accordingly, Ishan Mandi was given responsibility of his treatment. It was decided that Ishan will take the ailing Vinod and his daughter to Midnapore to get him admitted to the hospital.Accordingly, on August 2, Ishan took both Vinod and his daughter, a class VII student, to Midnapore town. There Vinod was hospitalised. Ishan then told him that he would take the girl for some food after which they would leave for their home. Ishan told him that he would drop her home.But instead of going back to their village, Ishan killed time on some pretext and told the girl that it would be very late by the time they reached home. So it would not be safe. The girl believed him and agreed to accompany him to a lodge. At the lodge, Ishan changed the girl's name in the register.Ishan also tutored her that she must tell police if the lodge is raided that he was her brother-in-law and they had come to Midnapore for treatment. At night, he raped the girl. Next morning, he dropped her home and went back to his home.The victim came back and wrote a detailed account of the ordeal she had undergone at Ishan's hand. Her mother came to know about the incident after going though her account in her exercise book. But the victim insisted that her mother must not divulge this to her father. She also told her mother that if she was sent with an unknown person any further, she would commit suicide.But after coming back from the hospital on August 5, Vinod came to know about the rape. He first encountered the accused. The accused denied it completely. Vinod then went to Debra police station. But Debra police said that the incident happened at Kotwali police station. Vinod then went and lodged a complaint against Ishan.Local Trinamool leader Alok Bera said that what happened is highly condemnable. But Ishan is not a Trinamool person. So it would not be right to drag the Trinamool in this case. Immediately after a complaint was lodged, police swung into action, raided the house of the accused who managed to flee. Police got the girl medically examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15383381", "title": "Gang of car thieves busted; 6 arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: A gang of car lifters was busted by local police on Monday Six members and the kingpin of the gang, called Tota, have been arrested.The accused kingpin has been identified as Gurcharan Singh alias Tota and is a resident of Rauke Kalan village of Moga. The other six members have been identified as Sukhdev Singh alias Dana of Harraipur in Bathinda, Mandeep Singh of Katiya Wali village in Fazilka, Sohna Masih of Haibowal in Ludhiana, RajKumar alias Raju of EWS Colony, Rajeev Kumar of Shera Colony and Balwinder Kaur of EWS Colony.SHO, Division No. 7, Rajkumar said, \"The gang was active in Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan and have stolen many vehicles from these states. Initially, we nabbed Sohna Masih, Rajkumar, Balwinder Kaur and Rajeev Kumar in Ludhiana, and further investigation led us to the remaining gang members, Gurcharan, Sukhdev and Mandeep, who were expected to visit the city on Sunday to sell a car and motorcycle.\"According to sources in police, one of the gang member Naginder alias Rajinder of Jhunjunu district in Rajasthan, is still absconding. Sources added, after stealing vehicles the gang used to sell these in different states. SHO added, \"Many cases including murder, smuggling of drugs, theft are already registered against kingpin, who has been declared a proclaimed offender by the court.\" A case was registered and the arrested six have been taken in one-day police remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15383412", "title": "Pray for rains, Amen to that", "text": "KOCHI: Like Biblical Elijah who prayed for rains in Israel , churchmen in the state too are banking on prayers for a full-blown monsoon, which has been evading the state this year. As the clouds keep away, several churches and prayer groups are coming together for this mission, sharing the angst of the common man in the times of adversity.Prayers for seasons have been part of liturgical services and churches have asked their congregations to bring nature to their daily prayers as the whole country is facing the effects of a deficient monsoon. Archbishop Andrews Thazhath, president of the Kerala Catholic Bishops' Council, has sent instruction to all dioceses in the state to offer prayers for a good monsoon. He has asked believers to pray for nature's bounty during the holy mass and also at homes.\"The mode of prayer has not been specified. It is left to the priests and people to decide for themselves,\" says Fr Paul Thelakat, spokesperson of Syro-Malabar Church. Last month, a church in Mysore offered special prayers to invoke rains and prevent a draught.Though lack of rains has been mentioned in homilies before, this year the churches are taking the initiative to make the congregation aware of the severity of the situation. Parish priests are asking believers to practise self-restraint and carefully use resources. Churches want this drivepeople to face the issue with solidarity.Prayer groups too have joined the move. in many areas.Jacobite Church's parish prayer groups, which meet on Saturdays and Sundays, have made these prayers part of their programmes. \"We have asked the congregation to include it in their family prayers. , as the absence of rains is a serious issue.There is nothing strange about it because prayers for seasons and nature is part of our belief,\" says Fr Varghese Kallappara, spokesperson of the Jacobite Syrian Church.Offering special prayers to please rain gods is common in Hinduism. Recently, prayers for rains were also held in masjids across the state.Like Biblical Elijah who prayed for rains for Israel, churchmen in the state too are banking on prayers for a full-blown monsoon which has been evading the state this year. As the clouds keep away, more and more churches and prayer groups are joining this mission for nature, sharing the angst of the common man in the times of adversity.Prayers for seasons have been part of liturgical services, and churches have asked their congregations to bring nature to their daily prayers as the whole country is facing the effects of a deficient monsoon.Archbishop Andrews Thazhath, president of the Kerala Catholic Bishops' Council, has sent instruction to all dioceses in Kerala to offer prayers for a good monsoon. He has asked believers to pray for nature's bounty during the holy mass in churches and also at homes.\"The mode of prayer has not been specified, it is left to priests and people to decide for themselves,\" says Fr Paul Thelakat, spokesperson of Syro-Malabar church.Last month, a church in Mysore offered special prayers to invoke rains and prevent a draught. Though the lack of rains has been mentioned in homilies before, this year the churches are feeling the pinch more, and taking the initiative to make the congregation aware of the severity of the situation. Parish priests are asking believers to practise self-restraint and use resources carefully in this difficult time. More than praying for rains, churches want this drive to make people responsible and face the issue with solidarity.Prayer groups too have joined the move in many areas. Jacobite Church's parish prayer groups which meet on Saturdays and Sundays have made prayer for rains part of their programmes.\"We have asked the congregation to include it in their family prayers too as the absence of rains is a serious issue. And there is nothing strange about it because prayers for seasons and nature is part of our belief,\" says Fr Varghese Kallappara, spokesperson of the Jacobite Syrian Church.Offering special prayers to please rain gods is common in Hindu religion. Recently, prayers for rains were also held in masjids across the state as the monsoon has been non-existent all these months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383525", "title": "Nigerian held with ecstacy pills", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Nigerian has been arrested from Dwarka with 150 tablets of party drug ecstacy worth around Rs 2 lakh in the international market.Jackson Nwaobiar Obinna, arrested on Saturday, used to supply drugs in west Delhi. Jackson told police he had come to India in March 2010 for treatment of spinal cord injuries and later went back to Nigeria. \"He returned to India in February 2012 on a business visa. However, he could not start the business of mobile phone accessories due to shortage of funds,\" said DCP, crime branch, Sanjay Jain. He then met Michael, a fellow Nigerian, who allegedly introduced him to the drug business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "15383845", "title": "Girl's death triggers massive protest in Davanagere", "text": "DAVANAGERE: All-India Democratic Students' Organization (AIDSO) and residents of Davanagere on Monday took out a protest march, seeking justice with regard to the death of a teenager recently. Pavitra, 13, a VII Class student of a private school, succumbed to abdomen-related injuries that she sustained while playing kabaddi at the taluk-level sports meet at Govt Boys' School grounds here. According to Pavithra's parents, the school authorities forced her to play in spite of her reluctance. Holding teachers and school management responsible for the death, they sought action against them. They submitted a memorandum in this connection to additional DC S H Vijayakumar. The ADC assured the agitators that he will take suitable action after probing the incident .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382498", "title": "Damaged cargo plane leaves city after two days", "text": "CHENNAI: A Qatar Airways freighter aircraft, which had been grounded for nearly two days at the Chennai airport after a pushback vehicle hit the nose wheel, finally left for home on Monday. The flight was ready for take-off with about 120 tonnes of cargo when the accident happened. An investigation has been ordered, said airport sources.The sources said the vehicle had finished pushing back the plane and was about to be driven away when its tow bar hit the nose wheel, damaging the assembly. The departure was cancelled and the cargo had to be unloaded. \"The pushback vehicle driver reversed the vehicle when the accident happened. The flight was grounded and a series of inspections were carried out. Engineers found the plane was not fit to carry the cargo,\" said an airport official.The flight left for Doha without cargo on Monday as engineers wanted to carry out a thorough inspection before allowing the aircraft to carry cargo. The accident will put the private ground handling agency in a spot as the driver who drove the pushback vehicle did not have a valid air field driving permit \u2014 the Airports Authority of India had refused to issue the pass till airlines pay a hiked licence fee for ground-handling operations. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15384519", "title": "Dates, itra in demand during Ramzan", "text": "VARANASI: Shoppers are seen flocking the markets, buying different varieties of eatables and clothes, in the holy month of Ramzan. The brisk purchase of fresh dates during this period has increased its prices by almost 50 per cent.A number of makeshift shops of date fruits are visible at Nai Sarak, Dalmandi, Badi Bazaar, Orderly Bazaar, Rewari Talab and other areas. The already existing shops catering with fresh and dried dates are coming up with different varieties in attractive packets and boxes.Traders say that around 60 varieties of dates are available. Depending upon the packaging, quality and content, the prices vary from Rs 60 per kg to Rs 2,200 per kg. Majid, a date seller at Dalmandi, said that customers prefer dates imported from Iraq and Iran. \"Expensive dates costing more than Rs 1,000, in which dry fruits like Cashew and almonds are present instead of seeds, are also available. These purchased for to be gifted to friends and relatives during iftar parties,\" he informed. Another date seller Abid said that gifting of dates had emerged as the latest trend. The demand for beautifully packed dates is increasing. He sells over 70 kg of dates every day.\"Opening roza with dates is a daily routine for those observing fast,\" a customer said.Nazia, a rozedar, said consuming dates has scientific reasons as well. It gives a lot of energy and nutrients, particularly iron. \"Dates are also added as an ingredient in several sweet dishes served during Ramzan,\" she added.The sale of traditional soft smelling scents and itra also increases by around 35 per cent. Firdaus, Shamama, rose, khas are some of the preferred flavours. \"Although Varanasi has no contribution in preparation of these scents, it is wide market of itra in east UP. Around 25 to 30 shops selling 'ark' and 'itra' are there in the city, of which nearly 10 are old,\" said a seller. Notably, most of the scents are purchased from Kannauj. Despite the demand, the cost of itra has not increased. Due to the religious importance of these scents among Hindus, the demand never ceases in the city. The price of a 10 ml bottle of scent may vary from Rs 120 to Rs 1,000, depending upon the flavour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381293", "title": "Wardha cops arrest Agnihotri College principal, centre in-charge", "text": "NAGPUR: The Wardha police on Monday has made two high-profile arrests in the racket unearthed at Agnihotri College and seized Rs70,000 cash from accused college peon Shriram Mandade's home. The senior college officials who were arrested included centre in-charge for Nagpur University exams Anil Mahalle from Rani Agnihotri Institute of Physical Education and its principal SN Murthi.The move comes after NU registrar Mahesh Yenkie acted swiftly to file a FIR in Wardha police station against the Agnihotri College management on Sunday. He was under tremendous pressure from all quarters for not acting against the college as the Agnihotri family is believed to have strong political connections, although he couldn't confirm it.\"We have arrested the two officials under Section 408 (Criminal Breach of Trust) of IPC and also under Maharashtra Prevention of Malpractices at University, Board and other Specified Examinations Act, 1982,\" Wardha superintendent of police Avinash Kumar told TOI. He also informed that police had seized cash from the peon's home and had visited the college to seize other articles.Yenkie told TOI that NU had decided to lodge a police complaint as the matter was serious and involvement of college authorities was quite likely, the way racket was operated.The registrar led by example as he rushed to Wardha just after programme of NU's 89th Foundation Day concluded on Saturday. The same evening, he called on SP Kumar who explained him the need to file an FIR, without which the police could not take action against college officials who may be involved in the entire racket. On Saturday midnight, Yenkie made a surprise visit to Agnihotri College and seized the question papers and answer-sheets. On the same day earlier, he had changed the exam centre to Yashwant College in Wardha in view of the racket. Finally, after taking consent from vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal, he lodged a complaint on Sunday.\"All the college officials, especially the exam in-charge and principal, are equally responsible for the crime. They have committed breach of trust of the university. Even locker facility was not up to the mark with windows of the locker room broken,\" he said.Citing an instance that strengthened his suspicion, Yenkie added that after the paper was over, the invigilator's duty was to collect and seal the answer-sheets and keep them in a locker room in presence of centre in-charge. The latter then locks it safely in presence of other invigilators and keeps the keys with him. In this case, the keys were kept with a peon who was not even a regular employee. \"This again goes on show that college authorities displayed lethargy in the sensitive issue of examination involving thousands of students,\" he said.The registrar added that he had recommended permanent cancellation of the Agnihotri college as exam centre and will also initiate action again the college management by referring the matter to Disciplinary Action Committee and also to Board of Examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15382668", "title": "Lax security at multiplexes, malls: Police", "text": "VADODARA: Despite the city police warning the multiplex and mall owners to improve on their security, some of them have failed miserably to do the needful. At least two multiplexes and equal number of shopping malls in the city may face action in coming days if an inquiry carried out by the police nails them. The cops had caught these multiplexes and mall security guards red-handed by sending policemen as decoys some days ago.The policemen dressed in civil managed to slip inside a multiplex located near Race Course with a weapon. A cop from the crime branch had carried a revolver with him and passed through security layers of a multiplex without getting caught. Visitors are checked twice at this multiplex. \"The security was completely shoddy and the guards were far from alert. The cops dressed in civil got inside the lobby that leads to movie hall with revolver. It is obvious that the warnings given by the police are not being taken seriously,\" said a police official.\"The agency handling the security is responsible for the lapse along with the multiplex authorities,\" said the official.DCP (crime) Subhash Trivedi said, \"We are conducting an inquiry into the security lapse at the multiplex. Inquiry will reveal who all were responsible for it. If necessary, we will send a notice to the concerned authorities.\"Trivedi added that security lapse was also noticed at another multiplex in the city along with two other public places. Crime branch police inspector Shankar Chaudhary said the drive was conducted to spread awareness among people and make sure that they stay alert.Sources in the police department said that such drive was conducted earlier too. Some cops posing as civilians had managed to slip into a shopping mall in Fatehgunj with a weapon. Senior police officials said that such drives will be conducted frequently in coming days to ensure that malls and multiplex authorities stay on their toes. The cops had summoned officials of multiplexes and malls along with shop owners and auto drivers to brief them about security measures to be taken in the wake of recent serial blasts in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15383969", "title": "Two Honda Motorcycle workers suspended, tension at plant", "text": "GURGAON: Close on the heels of violence at Maruti Suzuki's plant last month, tension is brewing at Honda Motorcycle &amp; Scooter India's Manesar facility following suspension of two workers.HMSI Employees Union alleged that two workers \u2014 Jaibir Yadav, an executive member of the union and Naresh Yadav \u2014 were suspended by the management on \"flimsy grounds\". \"We are demanding reinstatement of two of our colleagues, who have been given suspension letters by the management today for an argument that took place last week,\" HMSI Employees Union General Secretary Harjit Grover said. He said the argument was over sanctioning of leave. Comments from HMSI management could not be obtained. Production at the plant, which has an annual capacity of 16 lakh units, is not affected yet as the workers have not gone on strike.\"We have not yet decided to go on strike as we have been assured of an amicable resolution by the officials of the state labour department,\" Grover said. The union will decide on its future course of action, only if nothing materialises in the next two-three days, he added. Police are also keeping a vigil on the development. \"We are keeping a close watch,\" SHO Manesar Om Prakash Bishnoi said, adding already some police personnel have been deployed around the HMSI plant.In 2005, HMSI had witnessed one of the most violent instances of industrial unrest when over 150 people were seriously injured in clash between the police and agitating workers. On July 18 this year, Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant was rocked by violence and arson, in which one senior executive was killed and nearly 100 others were injured. Following the incident, the company has declared an indefinite lockout at the plant since July 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15381762", "title": "National Sr hockey tourney postponed", "text": "PATNA: The 46th Senior National Hockey Championship (East Zone)-2012, scheduled to begin from Monday at Astro Turf ground of the Bihar Regimental Centre (BRC), Danapur, was postponed after the Army refused to provide its ground for the championship.The BRC also returned Rs 15,000, the booking amount for the Astro Turf ground, to the organizers, Bihar Hockey Association (BHA) general Secretary Yogesh Kumar said here on Monday.\"In fact, the BRC informed us about the cancellation of allotment of the Astro Turf ground on July 30. After that, we decided to hold the championship on a grass ground and started searching for a suitable grass ground here. But in the meantime, some of the state teams refused to play on the grass ground. Hence, the BHA decided to postpone the championship,\" Yogesh said.Replying to a question, Yogesh said all the state teams which were likely to participate, were informed two days back about the postponement of the championship.Except for the BRC ground, Patna does not have any other Astro Turf ground. The BRC ground is owned and maintained by the Army.\"It is intimated that the Astro Turf ground will not be available for your organization for the said period as the central command hockey team has to carry out practices after its poor performance in the recently-held Army Hockey Championship. Apart from that, the ground also requires cleaning, and the practice of the players of Boys Sports Company is also scheduled on the Astro Turf ground. Hence, this regimental training centre is not in a position to allot the ground for your tournament,\" a senior army officer, Lt Col Jayant Rakshit, wrote to the BHA in a letter dated July 30.Bihar was, for the first time, chosen to host a regional meet of senior national hockey championship at the behest of Indian Hockey Federation (IHF) adviser and ex-DGP, Punjab, KPS Gill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381557", "title": "Advani's poll prediction has Sena fuming", "text": "MUMBAI: Veteran BJP leader L K Advani's latest blog has evoked a sharp response from the Shiv Sena , the senior-most ally in the BJP-led NDA.\"Advani's blog shows his frustration as he has realized that he is not in the race for the coveted PM's office,\" said a key Sena leader on Monday.Stating that Advani's blog mirrored the level of unease in the top echelons of the BJP, a senior leader said, \"Advani is trying hard to project himself as the PM candidate. However, the BJP lacks cohesion and intraparty discipline to address the issue of NDA's candidate for the prime minister's post.\"\"Given Advani's stature and being the senior-most leader of the BJP after Atalji ( Atal Bihari Vajpayee ), he (Advani) should have refrained from making such sweeping statements. Imagine Bal Thackeray or Atalji making known their views on crucial matters on a social networking site,\" he added.Advani on Sunday sent the BJP into a tizzy by stating on his blog that the BJP may not be able to lead the NDA at the Centre after 2014 Lok Sabha polls. Advani's statement is being seen in the NDA as his admission that the BJP would not be able to garner 170-odd seats in 2014, which would enable the coalition to stake claim at the Centre.Advani's blog has flummoxed the BJP leaders in Maharashtra. \"Advaniji should not have written the blog. His statement will send wrong signals to partymen ahead of the Lok Sabha polls while Congress and other UPA allies will rejoice over Advaniji's blog,\" said a senior BJP Maharashtra leader on Monday.It is learnt that the Sena may take up the issue with the BJP leadership.\"Advani's blog cannot be considered an internal matter of the BJP because it affects the NDA's prospects to assume office at the Centre in 2014. We will take up the matter with BJP president Nitin Gadkari and make our views known on the issue,\" said the Sena leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15382497", "title": "Cop's son stabs youth, dies after falling off building", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a bizarre incident, a 23-year old youth, son of a police sub-inspector with city traffic police, first stabbed a youth in a fit of rage after the youth rammed into his car, and then died after falling from a two-storied building, while running to escape the angry crowd. The injured man has been shifted to Civil Hospital for treatment.\"The car was driven by Ajay Parmar, a resident of police staff quarters in Madhavpura Police Lines. Parmar was angry as the bike damaged the front of his car and one of the headlights. He picked a fight over the damage and demanded that Panchal compensate him. Panchal tried to argue that the accident wasn't his fault. The matter got further heated and Parmar got a knife from the glove compartment of his car and stabbed Panchal in the stomach,\" said a Meghaninagar police official.Parmar tried to flee but the local residents and passers-by who had witnessed the drama prevented him from entering his car. Parmar realized he would be lynched if he was caught, and made a dash towards a nearby building. He managed to enter Gujarat Housing Board flats and jumped to the roof of a house in the adjoining Abhishek Society.\"As the mob approached him, Parmar panicked and tried to get down by clinging to a nearby tree. He however lost his hold and fell to the ground where he sustained severe head injuries. He was rushed to a nearby hospital by EMRI 108 but succumbed to his injuries,\" said the official.P R Ravalji, inspector of Meghaninagar police station, said Panchal filed a complaint against Parmar for the assault. \"Parmar's father B K Parmar is a sub-inspector with city traffic police. We have seized the knife used in the incident,\" he said.The police's role was criticized as they arrived on the scene late, and also tried to downplay the incident as a policeman's son was involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381394", "title": "X-ray machine at Nagpur Municipal Corporation's Sadar dispensary shut", "text": "NAGPUR: The patients visiting the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's Diagnostic Centre at Sadar are a hapless lot. The X-ray machine at the centre is defunct for a month. The centre offers X-ray facility to the economically weak patients for Rs60. Since the machine is non-functional, the patients are forced to pay Rs150-Rs200 to get an X-ray done at a private centre.The NMC had procured the Siemens-make machine in 1985. The rotor, or tube, of the device developed a snag. The price of the spare is around Rs1 lakh but the civic body has not been able to get the machine repaired even though a complaint has been lodged by the hospital in-charge Dr Shilpa Jichkar with senior health officer Dr Savita Meshram. Hospital sources told TOI that the machine developed a snag on June 26 and since then no X-ray examination has been possible here.Dr Jichkar said, \"there was some technical snag in the machine.\" The stores department began the process to procure the spare. \"As it was not available in the city, we approached the company's Chandigarh headquarters,\" said Dr Jichkar. \"We have received the spare four days ago. The machine will start functioning within a couple of days,\" she said.Sources said OPD centre caters to poor patients and at least 35 X-rays were being done daily. Most emergency cases were road accident victims who could not afford private hospitals. \"Now, accident victims are either asked to get X-ray done at NMC's Mahal hospital or advised to go to Government Medical College and Hospital and Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (Mayo),\" said an official from the hospital.Both Mayo and GMCH charge Rs75 for an X-ray, whereas the cost in private radiology centres is much higher. Mahesh Gupta (name changed), who fell from his motorcycle in Gittikhadan a few days back, was brought to the centre but sent back without an X-ray of his leg. He was only administered the first aid and was told that there was only a surface injury. When he got an X-ray done at a private centre, he discovered there was a hairline fracture.NMC's Hospital committee chairperson Dr Safalta Ambatkar too expressed shock when she learnt about this. She blamed this on the apathy of the civic administration. The x-ray machines, costing between Rs1.50-lakh and Rs5.50-lakh, are often in need of repair. Exhaustive use of the x-ray machines and their handling by multiple users result in frequent shutdowns. The machines are often mishandled by inexperienced staffers, resulting in damage, said Dr Ambatkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382512", "title": "Few minutes rain exposes Jaipur's ill-maintained roads", "text": "JAIPUR: Just a few minutes rainfall on Sunday evening has been enough to expose the city's ill-maintained roads. Potholes and water-logging on major city roads have left motorists worried. The patch work on roads carried out by the civic authorities before the monsoon has been eroded at several places leaving craters deep enough for a car to cave in.\"The civic bodies recently repaired our road after laying a pipeline but it caved in following the rain on Sunday,\" complained Kalyan Singh , a resident of Vaishali Nagar.Big potholes also spell danger for motorists during the season. \"Recently two auto rickshaws got stuck in a pothole filled with rain water in the Raja Park area,\" said Rakesh Sharma , a resident.JDA officials, however, said the repair work can be started only after the monsoon ends. \"The roads will be repaired after the end of this season,\" a JDA official said. Prior to the monsoon's arrival, the JDA ( Jaipur Development Authority) had completed the repair of main roads but didn't take up the repair of the roads inside colonies.Nitin Sharma, a resident of Jagatpura, said, \"Traversing the bad roads is nothing less than a nightmare, particularly for those driving two-wheelers. The risk of hitting a pothole or skidding is very high.\"Those living in areas near the Metro sites are facing a harrowing time. With the road size being reduced to nearly half due to construction, water logging has made commuting extremely difficult.\"The narrow roads are very dangerous to drive on and open drains make the situation worse,\" said Ravish Bhatia, who stays near the railway station, one of the Metro sites.Lack of proper drainage facilities has also led to flooding of roads. The Jaipur Municipal Corporation had promised to complete the cleaning of drains before the monsoon, but the work is yet to completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381196", "title": "CBI probing into hawala deals in 2G scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) officials on Monday said that they have started a probe into hawala transactions that could unearth a possible money trail in the spectrum allocation scam probed by it. The external intelligence agency, Research and Analysis Wing (RAW), had provided the CBI with details of hawala transactions linked a Chennai based-business group.CBI sources said the last month's note from RAW gives details of alleged money laundering deals between a Dubai-based individual and a Chennai-based business group. The intelligence agency has said that the Dubai-based individual had set up a number of front companies across the globe that are being used for such hawala transactions.The agency, which had carried out searches at the office of the business group, has so far not named it directly in the spectrum scam, sources said. They said the new development might give them evidence about the way money earned through alleged illegal gratification was routed.CBI sources claimed the RAW documents give details of overseas accounts that could be possibly linked to hawala transactions. They said the office-bearers of the business group might soon be called for questioning in connection with the case and might send Letter Rogatory to some West Asian countries seeking details of these bank accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15382471", "title": "3 countrymade revolvers confiscated", "text": "NASHIK: The crime branch confiscated three countrymade revolvers and 10 live cartridges from Rahul Sandeep Sonawane, Mahesh Andhale and their associates, recently.This is perhaps the first time that three countrymade revolvers have been seized. While countrymade revolvers have been often found in cases of house break-ins and other burglaries, this time the police went to Madhya Pradesh to trace the source of the guns.In this case, Police Naik Somnath Satpute and Premchand Gangurde received a tip-off that accused Rahul Sonawane and his associates had sold two countrymade revolvers to one Imraan Yusuf Shaikh of Phalke Road about a year ago, in the Vadala area. Accordingly, on the instructions of commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, DCP Sandeep Diwan and ACP Avinash Ambure, a team of the crime branch, led by PI Sanjay Sanap raided Shaikh's residence and recovered three countrymade revolvers and five live cartridges.About a month ago, the police received information that one Mahesh Andhale of Chehdi Phata and Rahul Sonawane of Chehedi village near Nashik Road had sold a countrymade revolver and five cartridges to Mahesh Malunjkar of Vadi Varhe for Rs 40,000. A team was formed and Mahesh Andhale was nabbed near Garva Hotel at Pathardi Phata on the Mumbai- Agra highway on July 14. The duo was booked under various sections of the arms Act and Bombay police Act.Rahul Sonawane was then in the custody of the Jalgaon police in a case of attempt to dacoity. He was transferred to Nashik and during probe, he revealed that about a year back he had also sold two countrymade pistols to Imraan Shaikh. Sonawane would procure the pistols from Madhya Pradesh for around Rs 5,000 and then sell them in the city for Rs 35,000 to Rs 40,000. Two cases have been registered with the police in this regard.The investigation team also included head constable Jakir Shaikh, Mukthar Pathan, Vishal Salunke, Mukesh Dhavale, Prakash Malode, Bhalchandra Khairnar, Amit Shinde, RJ Jadhav and Ramiz Shaikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382607", "title": "Come September, watch \u2018Anaconda-5\u2019 at crocodile bank", "text": "CHENNAI: They were brought from the Czech Republic last October. And now having settled down and acclimatised, they are all set to meet visitors. The Madras Crocodile Bank Trust (MCBT) will unveil their anaconda display in the beginning of September and people will get an opportunity to view the huge reptiles that they have so far seen only in Hollywood movies.\"The enclosure that has been set up for the reptiles will replicate the south American rainforest habitat. It includes a waterbody and a land area which will allow the snakes to bask in the Chennai sunshine,\" says MCBT director Colin James Stevenson. Anacondas require access to both land and water, even though they spend a lot of time in the water.The MCBT will also put up a underwater viewing facility. Native to South America, they are the heaviest snakes.The three yellow anacondas (Eunectes Notaeus) and two green anacondas (Eunectes murinus) were acquired as part of an exchange programme with the Protivin Crocodile Zoo in the Czech Republic. MCBT, which is the only zoo in India to house both the green and yellow anacondas, hopes that the iconic species will give a boost to their snake talks.\"People will want to see them, so we can use it to talk about snakes and dispel some of the myths surrounding them,\" says Stevenson. \"Our aim is to create awareness about snakes through our talks and interactions with visitors.\"Since their arrival, the anacondas have been quarantined. \"They have been kept in an internal, room-sized enclosure and their health was monitored regularly ,\" says Stevenson, who wanted to ensure that the reptiles were well cared for and calm enough to handle visitors viewing them before putting them on display.The settling-in period has also helped the keepers get used to the snakes' behaviour \u2014 eating patterns, basking behaviour and shedding cycles. \"Being reptiles, they do not eat everyday. We normally feed them once a week,\" says Stevenson.Two-full time snake keepers have also been trained in anaconda husbandry. Detailed observations of the snakes are made everyday and the position of each anaconda is also recorded throughout the day. \"We have to ensure that we have got their enclosure habitat right,\" he says.At the moment, the green anacondas are around five feet tall (1.5 metres). While the females can grow up to 16ft, the males get to be eight or nine feet. Stevenson is hopeful that the anacondas will be a major draw. \"They have quite attractive markings and are a pretty species. They will be very popular with he visitors,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15385099", "title": "London 2012 Hurdles: Google's latest animated Olympic doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google, on Tuesday, displayed a fascinating and animated London 2012 Hurdles doodle.It is the 12th doodle in the series of London Olympics 2012 doodle which the internet search giant has been releasing every day since the opening ceremony of the games.The London 2012 Hurdles doodle features a male athlete ready on track to run.The figure springs into action once the red button displayed on the doodle is clicked.The red button also forms the second letter 'O' of the Google logo.Unlike the other London Olympics 2012 doodles, the London 2012 Hurdles doodle is interactive and allows a visitor to play using computer's keyboard by following the instructions given on the doodle.The figure is made to run through a sequence of hurdles lined up. The athlete runs as fast as the left/right buttons are pressed. It also jumps if the spacebar of the keyboard is pressed.It is a playful doodle that is made to cover a determined distance within the shortest time possible allowing users to play and have fun.Hurdling is a popular Olympic field sport in which both men and women are allowed to participate and made to run over ten hurdles.Google's opening ceremony London 2012 Olympics doodle depicted 5 athletes playing different sports including football, basketball, swimming, fencing, running, and javelin throw.The London Olympics 2012, officially the Games of the XXX Olympiadis, kicked off on 27 July, 2012 and will conclude on August 12, 2012.About 10,000 athletes from 204 countries are participating in the games.London Olympics 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15385711", "title": "SS-BJP alliance releases separate manifesto for Mira-Bhayander polls", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena (SS) and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) may have come together to fight the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) election to be held on Sunday. Both the parties, however, have come out with their own manifesto for the polls.After much infighting, the SS and BJP decided to fight the August 12 MBMC polls as an alliance. But party workers and voters are confused after SS and BJP released separate manifestos. While the Sena's manifesto screams 'We Will Do It', the BJP manifesto says 'We Will Give Clean Governance.' Both the parties have also put up separate hoardings and banners and campaigning without the support of the alliance.While the Sena manifesto promises to bring the region on par with Mumbai and Thane, the BJP has focused more on local issues like better roads, hospitals, toilets and new water connections.The Sena's manifesto which was released by senior leader Subhash Desai promises of e-learning in municipal schools and public health centres in various wards. The party has also promised a super-specialist hospital in the region to counter Mira Road's Umrao hospital, owned by Congress leader and former MLC Muzaffar Hussain.BJP manifesto promises more English schools, municipal bus facilities for college students, road from Bhayander (west) to Dahisar and an independent dam for the region.BJP district President Narendra Mehta has listed his achievements as a mayor in the manifesto and promised protection of the environment. Interestingly, Mehta has several police cases of mangrove destructions against him.Political observers said that though the parties have come together to fight the MBMC election, they are sending out wrong signals to voters' by publishing separate manifesto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15382220", "title": "Cops to cleaners, cooks and gardners", "text": "HYDERABAD: The death of constable Palani Reddy that saw the outbreak of a mammoth agitation in the city over the weekend left the top brass of the Andhra Pradesh Special Police (APSP) and state civil police shaken and stirred. Within hours, APSP's existing polices were reformed and cops were promised postings closer to their homes besides a three-day leave every month. But while the situation seems to be under control for now, things could still be far from normal within the lower rungs of this reserve force. Under the pretext of being 'idle' during normal times, personnel of this force are repeatedly exploited by their bosses who use them to do odd jobs. And it is this shoddy treatment that seems to be at the root of the recent outburst, which observers see as a mere reflection of the brewing resentment among APSP constables and their families.Turn the pages of the rulebook and it clearly states that the APSP is an integral part of the AP police -- it comprises one-sixth of the total force -- and should be utilized only for emergency situations, extremist crises and for assisting the local police in tackling law and order problems. Unlike the civil police, APSP cops are not expected to engage in any active day-to-day duty. When formed, such an arrangement was designed to facilitate the APSP force to train during other times so as to combat emergencies, especially naxal crises, efficiently. Over the years, however, these rules seem to have been forgotten by the biggies of the police department. Instead of treating the APSP as a reserve force, these 'special' battalions are now engaged to meet the shortage of civil police in the state.From being pushed into the escort team of ministers and 'A' list celebrities to being sent as orderlies to cook, clean and water plants in the homes of senior officers, these specially trained men are picked up for all jobs that do not figure on their official list of duties. Their only fault: they do not have a bound-by-routine job profile. \"The APSP is a fighting force. But the cops are not properly deployed. They are constantly used for night-beats, private functions and for escorting VIPs,\" said a senior cop serving the state department currently. The APSP comprises 15 battalions and boasts a workforce of between 16,000 and 17,000 personnel.Former top cops admit that this practice has been in place for years and that little has been done to resolve it. \"In most cases, these odd jobs are shoved down the throat of the constables. There are, however, a few instances where the constables bribe their way into these orderly postings only to avoid a term in some far-flung interior of the state,\" said a retired police official hinting at widespread corruption through the ranks of APSP. It is, however, most rampant at the commandant level (battalion head), he added. \"The commandant's position is largely occupied by promotees who started off as sub-inspector. Many of them are always looking out to make a few extra bucks. In return for a favourable posting, they fleece the constables reporting to them,\" the former cop said. No former cop wished to be identified, possibly indicative of just how widespread is the rot in the system.But not all seem to sympathise with the APSP and the plight of the men who comprise the force. They maintain that this special team is the most pampered police department in AP and is showered with both monetary and other benefits. They even rubbish allegations about APSP constables being subjected to exploitation. \"This force is expected to be the most disciplined. Cops from here can be posted anywhere in the state at any time. So, to bend backwards to accommodate their demand of closer postings (within 200 km of their base) and more holidays is not correct,\" said a retired cop who has been part of APSP previously. Considering that this force is paid handsomely -- apart from a monthly salary of Rs 18,000 to Rs 20,000 they also get a travel allowance (Rs 150 a day when outside and Rs 100 when in station) and 15% of their basic in case of a naxal area posting -- it is only justified that they discharge their duties under all circumstances, the cop added. \"But in the current set up, most constables are seen evading duties, missing from parades and indulging in businesses in their 'rest' times,\" he said.Times ViewIt was in September 2009 when the state government had discontinued with immediate effect the practice of attaching police constables and head constables at the residence of any serving or retired police officer, both within the state and outside. This was announced in reaction to the death of constable P Muralinath who was the Special Armed Reserve Police, Amberpet, but was posted as an orderly at an IPS officer's residence in Noida. The move was aimed at avoiding the wastage of trained manpower and also to curb exploitative practices. Three years later, the exploitation of constables continues and it is time that the 2009 government decision is executed in letter and spirit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15383108", "title": "People vent ire on municipal corporation\u2019s Facebook page", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The municipal corporation's Facebook page is flooded with complaints but the civic body officials don't seem to deem it fit to address these. Neither are these complaints being replied to nor are these being forwarded to the departments concerned as there has been no staff to monitor the account for about a one month now.The only person who was given the charge of responding to the complaints on the social networking site has now been deputed to do some other computer-related work.The MC had started the account around two years ago with much fanfare and had made tall claims about things being made simpler for residents as their grievances would be addressed online. In the initial days, the system had worked well but not so any more, with people now not even hesitating to say that the state of affairs is \"shameful.\"Gurjeet Singh, a resident of Sector 29 said, \"Last month I had sent an online complaint related to potholed roads in my area but I haven't received a reply till now. Obviously the problem remains unresolved\". Ashish Vohra, a resident of Sector 34 said that the very purpose of starting the account has been defeated as no one replies to people's complaints.\"Whether you send your complaints online or visit the office personally, the fact remains that no one bothers to address your problem,\" rued Vineet Sharma, a resident of Sector 19.And even the officers are passing the buck. Joint commissioner, MC, Rajeev Gupta said that as the matter is related to the establishment branch, so additional commissioner, MC, Lalit Siwach is dealing with it and he can't say anything on it. Lalit Siwach, on the other hand said that as the matter is related to the IT cell which is under the joint commissioner's charge, so Gupta is the right person to answer that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382477", "title": "Jackal bites youth near Perungudi dumpyard", "text": "CHENNAI: A 20-year-old youth playing with a group of friends in an open ground near the Perungudi dump yard was bitten by a jackal on Sunday evening, forest department officials said. The injured youth is recovering at a private hospital in the area. The animal, which was reportedly part of a group of three jackals, later died in a burning garbage heap at the dump yard.Around 6pm on Sunday, Santhosh of Telephone Nagar, who works in a private firm, was playing with friends when he went to attend a call of nature and saw a jackal. Santhosh, who initially thought it was a dog, threw a stone at the animal which then tried to attack him.Soon, the panic-stricken youths and others hit the animal with logs and stones, local residents said.Forest department officials, informed of the incident, immediately went to the spot. S David Raj, Velachery forest range officer, said the youth attacked the jackals. \"They first provoked three jackals. Two of the animals ran away while one attempted to attack the youth. It followed the youth for couple of metres and got injured and died in a burning garbage heap near the Perungudi dump yard,\" said David Raj after talking to local people.No case was registered under the 1972 Wildlife Protection Act as the jackal died after falling into a burning heap of garbage, forest department officials said.Eyewitnesses claimed the jackal was ready to pounce on the group of youth who were trying to chase it away. \"The attack has created a sense of fear. We are scared to move out as these animals have now begun straying into human habitation,\" said Ammu, a resident.David Raj said jackals were commonly found in some city areas near reserved forests and unless provoked would not harm people. \"Jackals are common in the Guindy national park area and the Pallikaranai marshland,\" Davidraj said. Members of the public can contact the Velachery forest range office on 044-2200335 to report about wild animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15382872", "title": "Has the govt cheated the people by not declaring a tiger reserve in Goa?", "text": "No, the government has not cheated the people as a tiger reserve cannot be declared overnight. First and foremost the forest policy has to be implemented and rights of forest dwellers have to be protected. For the tiger reserve, the forest dwellers must be made partners as they are best suited to protect the forest and the tiger.Tallulah D'Silva, environmental activist, PanajiIn the government we have politicians and bureaucrats who run the administration. The bureaucrats have done a good job to declare a tiger reserve in Goa, but it is the politicians who are blocking the proposals. It is the politicians who are responsible for cheating the people by not declaring a tiger reserve.Rajendra Kakodkar, corporate management consultant, CurchoremThe government is neither interested in the man nor the man-eater. Not declaring a tiger reserve is solely to promote more mining activities. By disturbing their rightful habitat, we are responsible for forcing these animals to become man eaters and ultimately driving them to extinction.Dinar Barros, environmentalist, BetalbatimWe can't say that the government has cheated because this tiger reserve issue began when the last government was in power. Since the government has now changed, it is the new government's responsibility to take feed back from the past government and take the necessary initiative to set up a tiger reserve in Goa. This will take some time.Krishnanath Fogueri, teacher, Bicholim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kannur/kozhikode", "code": "15383550", "title": "Rain triggers flash flood &amp; landslip", "text": "KANNUR/KOZHIKODE: Many people were injured and properties worth lakhs of rupees were damaged when incessant rain triggered a flash flood and storm in the hilly areas of Kozhikode and Kannur.In Anakampoil in Kozhikode, a child died while four others of the family were reported to be missing in flash flood. One person is reported to be missing and more than 30 houses in Cherussery in Kozhikode were completely damaged in the incident.Seven persons had a miraculous escape when they were carried away by the gushing water that washed away Vazhayil bridge at Vallithode St Louis Nagar, near Anapanthi on Iritty-Kootupuzha road in Kannur.They were rescued by the people engaged in relief works. The bridge was constructed five years ago using the MP fund of A P Abudullakutty.A car and a scooter drifted away in the floods. While Sandeep, the car driver, swam to safety, the six others - Raghavan, Madhu, Balakrishnan, James Mathew, Harshad and Sumesh who were walking along the bridge when the incident happened - have been admitted to various hospitals.The torrential rain that has been lashing Iritty, Aralam and Karikottakiri areas since last night, has also damaged several houses apart from agricultural crops. The rain continued on Tuesday night.Meanwhile, rising water in Pazhassi Dam has forced the authorities to open its seven shutters. People living on the banks of the river have been asked to stay alert. Efforts are on to open the remaining nine defunct shutters too.Two landslides occurred in Kadakkattupara and Kurissumala near Cherussery hills near Anakkampoil and one at Manjavayal region near Kodanchery in Kozhikode.The overflowing Iruvazhinji river and its tributaries have inundated the Mavinchodu region. Many of the hanging bridges across the rivers and streams were washed away in the flood. Anakampoil region has been isolated as the Kozhikode-Anakkampoil road was submerged in flood water. Vehicular traffic from Thiruvambady to Anakkampoil has been cut off.Local people rescued a woman who fell into the river at Mavinchodu. As many areas became isolated, teachers accompanied the schoolchildren back home. Huge damage of crops including rubber and coconut also has been reported in the area. Scores of families were shifted from Cherussery and Mavinchodu area.A team of disaster management cell and around 40 medical care technicians of Active Network Group of Emergency Life Savers ( ANGELS), rushed to the spot to carry out rescue operations. Ten ambulances from Kozhikode city have also reached the spot. RDO K K Rajan who visited the spot said it is very difficult to carry out the rescue operation in the area as the heavy rain has blocked all access to the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15384497", "title": "Preserving history: Archives showcases rare documents", "text": "VARANASI: The evidence of prevalence of communal harmony in the holy city is still preserved with the regional archives of Varanasi. The traces of a newspaper which on October 23, 1905, published that, \"to comemorate Bang Bhang day on October 16, 1905, Hindus and Muslims from Benaras protested the partition of Bengal by tying rakhi on each others hand and pledged to use swadeshi sugar from then onwards\", is being exhibited during the four-day exhibition on 'Freedom Movement in Uttar Pradesh', organised by regional archives of Varanasi, Department of Culture, UP, at the Department of History, Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth. Inaugurated on Monday by vice-chancellor, MGKV, the exhibition displaying scan copies of important documents of freedom struggle will continue till August 09.Apart from that, the archival records of several other unsung regional stories were focused in the exhibition. The records clearly mentioned the list of people caught by the British for Kakori Conspiracy Case and from there it was clear that four people -- MN Gupta, SN Bakshi, RN Lahiri and BN Sanyal -- who sacrificed their lives were from Benaras. The official records showing the 13 irregular unsung native troops of Varanasi, Azamgarh and other near by areas who participated in the revolt of 1857 remained the centre of attraction during the exhibition. Archival records also showed the invitation of contribution of Benaras in the first conference of Congress in 1885 by exhibiting the evidence of participation of Ram Kali Choudhary of the city.Interestingly, a letter of Chandra Shekhar Azad written to Benaras Nagar Congress Committee was also exhibited. According to regional archives officer, Prabhakar Jauhari, the letter was written with some code words and it is the only letter of Azad available. Copy of an electric telegram dated 19 June 1859 sent Britishers to Kolkata headquarters confirming the death of Rani Lakshmi Bai was also exhibited. According Jauhari, the same telegram also suggests the condition of communication of that period as the lowest cost of Rs 1 for 400 miles and highest cost of Rs 4 for 1600 miles are mentioned on the top of the telegram.Apart from that, several other informative letters of Lal Bahadur Shashtri, Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya dated September 16, 1932, appealing people to save and support Mahatma Gandhi during, Ashfaqulla Khan's letter to his sister written a few days before his execution were also present in the exhibition. A series of documents related to Satyagraha, Non-Cooperation movement, Individual Satyagraha, Quit India Movement, Jaliawala Bagh massacre and the participation of Benaras and other near by areas were also focused in the exhibition.According to Jauhari, the purpose of the exhibition is to create awareness among students towards the importance of archival heritage. \"Apart from telling the exactness of an event, the archives also tell us the economic and social background a particular period of time. Scan copies of around 45 archival documents including newspaper cuttings, letters, official documents, political orders, orgininal signatures, maps and other informative records are exhibited for public viewing\", he informed. \"Another archival exhibition focusing on social and cultural life in Benaras will be organised in November,\" he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15383982", "title": "Forest guard, 2 watchers held in tusker death case", "text": "MYSORE: In a tough message to ground level staff, the forest department has arrested three of its own staff in a wildlife crime in Nagarahole tiger reserve.The three staff members are accused of destruction of evidence and abetment to crime.The charge is that they didn't inform the higher-ups about the death of a tusker deep inside the big cat's den and destroyed the evidence. The ivory of the tusker is also missing but the officials said the three arrested have got nothing to do with it. This is the first time in recent years that the forest staff are booked in a wildlife crime.Forest guard Narayana Gowda and watchers Ganesh and Nandish have been arrested by the forest department after it was found that they didn't inform the higher-ups about the death of an elephant.ACF (Nagarahole sub-division) K D Belliappa told The Times of India that the three accused didn't update the officials when they found carcass of a tusker some four months back.\"We've not found the ivory but are convinced that the three staff didn't smuggle it outside the tiger reserve,\" he explained adding it is suspected to be buried near a hamlet inside the park.The forest guard is a permanent employee while Ganesh and Nandish are working on a daily basis. Some others too are suspected to be part of the crime and the forest officials are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382390", "title": "Debt-ridden farmer kills son, ends life", "text": "JAIPUR: A farmer slit the throat of his 15-year-old elder son and committed suicide by jumping into a well in Kishanganj area in Baran district on Sunday. The man was depressed due to financial problems, had sold a piece of his agriculture land recently, police said. He wanted to kill his younger son also, but the latter saved himself by escaping from the house. Their mother was not in the house at the time of the incident.The farmer, Sambhu Suman, a resident of Amlavada village, had two sons -- Mukesh and Sanjay. The family members said that Sambhu had started consuming alcohol due to financial problems. He was under debts and was not able to pay them, said a police officer.Police said that Sambhu slit the throat of Mukesh and then wanted to kill Sanjay also. \"But seeing his elder brother in a pool of blood, Sanjay rushed out of the house crying for help. He went to his grandparents living nearby and narrated the incident to them,\" said the officer.However, by the time grandparents and other villagers reached there, Sambhu had jumped into a well near his house.\"The villagers informed the police following which a team was rushed there. His body was taken out of the well,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15382824", "title": "Utorda school robbed", "text": "Unknown persons effected entry into a school in Utorda and decamped with articles worth 1.74 lakh. Verna police said that the incident occurred on Sunday when the school was closed. The authorities of Our Lady of Lourdes High School lodged a complaint with Verna police on Sunday stating that 12 CCTV cameras, one laptop and three computers were stolen.South Goa comunidade workers gherao administrator: The ongoing pen-down strike by the South Goa comunidade employees took a new twist on Monday after they forced the administrator of comunidades South zone Prakash Barad to withdraw his request to the South Goa district collector to send two collectorate employees to work at the Comunidade office in Margao. When the employees realized that the two collectorate employees had been sent to the head office, they gheraoed Barad in his cabin and within half-an-hour the two employees were told to return to the collectorate. The comunidade workers have been protesting as they have not been paid their salaries since March 2012.Spl KTC bus to ferry Patna Express passengers: The Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTC) on Monday inaugurated its special Vasco-Panaji bus service to ferry passengers alighting from the Patna Express at the Vasco railway station. Highlighting the need for the special bus service, KTC director Deepak Naik said, \"The Vasco-Panaji shuttle service was overburdened due to a large number passengers wanting to go to North Goa; and this inconvenienced regular passengers. This resulted in chaos at the booking counter in Vasco.\" The Patna Express arrives at Vasco on every Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15386013", "title": "Pakhi is in love with a prisoner", "text": "In her upcoming movie, Ganga Jamna Saraswati, Pakhi falls in love with a prisoner played by Nirahua. The film is all about how she falls in love with him and helps him get justice.Pakhi is playing the role of an advocate's daughter in the movie. The film is produced by Alok Kumar and is directed by Harry Fernandes. Ravi Kishan, Dinesh Lal Yadav Nirahua and Manoj Tiwari are playing male lead in the movie. Three superhit actresses of Bhojpuri movie, Rani Chatterjee and Rinku Ghosh are also coming together with Pakhi in the movie. Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15383848", "title": "Kannada suffering due to policy lapses: Baraguru", "text": "DHARWAD: Absence of a proper policy and approach towards enhancing the status of Kannada language by the successive governments in Karnataka is responsible for Kannada facing threat, said writer Baragur Ramachandrappa.Inaugurating the 'Hacchevu Kannada Deepa' and Kannada Nadu-Nudi awareness workshop organized at the Karnatak Vidyavardhakh Sangha in Dharwad on Sunday, he said concern towards language of the land and other such sentimental issues have been the last priority of the ruling politicians who are mired in business-like politics.There is no proper action plan to enhance the status of Kannada language though a huge amount of money is spent for the cause of Kannada. Everything is going down the drain, Ramachandrappa observed.Karnatak University Kannada Teachers' Association president G M Hegde opined that every Kannadiga should work for building the culture and attract youths towards the language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383658", "title": "US ambassador pays homage at Bangla Sahib", "text": "NEW DELHI: US ambassador Nancy Powell visited Bangla Sahib Gurdwara in CP on Monday to join the Sikh community in its prayer for those who died in Sunday's shootout at Wisconsin. Powell assured them that the community will be provided enhanced safety in the US and there will be a thorough investigation into the attack.News of indiscriminate shooting at a gurdwara in the US has come as a shock for the Sikh community in India. Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) president P S Sarna said he was saddened by the attack.Powell paid a visit to Bangla Sahib in the afternoon. She covered her head with a scarf in deference to the Sikh tradition while offering prayers. Addressing the community leaders, she assured that steps were under way to prevent a rerun of such an attack.P S Sarna added that (DSGMC) was in touch with the coordination committee for gurdwaras in the US. \"There are about 125 gurdwaras in the US. It has been learnt that security has been beefed up at all places after the attack,\" he added. According to community leaders based in the US, the damage could have been much worse as the gurdwara was packed at the time of the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbaichennai", "code": "15380991", "title": "Kidneys, liver fail, Vilasrao Deshmukh on life support", "text": "MUMBAICHENNAI: Union science and technology minister Vilasrao Deshmukh was admitted to hospital in Chennai on Monday in a critical condition. \"Deshmukh is on life support. His condition is critical as he is suffering from a serious liver ailment and multiple organ failure,\" said a doctor attending to him.A Mumbai doctor said Vilasrao's liver ailment was detected during a routine medical check-up well over a year ago.Since then his family has been examining all options, including a liver transplant either abroad or in Chennai or New Delhi. \"Our information is that Deshmukh had gone abroad for check-up on two to three occasions and there had been a marked improvement in his condition,\" the doctor said.A week ago, Deshmukh himself felt his condition was deteriorating, and he was admitted to the Breach Candy hospital in the city. It was found that he was suffering from cirrhosis of liver and also that both his kidneys were completely non-functional. \"At Breach Candy, he was on dialysis for three days. There was no improvement in his condition and ultimately he was put on life support system,\" the Mumbai doctor said.On Monday, when it was observed that his condition was bad, Deshmukh was shifted to Chennai in an air-ambulance. \"We are planning a liver transplant after stabilizing his vital parameters,\" the doctor attending to him at Chennia's Global Hospital said. The 67-year-old former Maharashtra chief minister was flown to Chennai for treatment under the care of noted liver transplant surgeon Dr Mohammed Rela. \"He is now on a ventilator. His kidneys are failing. We are evaluating him to see if he is fit enough for a transplant,\" said a doctor requesting anonymity.Sources said his actor-son Riteish Deshmukh has expressed willingness to donate a part of his liver to his ailing father. For this, doctors will have to certify that the tissues match. According to transplant rules, the surgery will have to be cleared by an authorization committee headed by the Tamil Nadu director of medical education. \"We have not ruled out a cadaver transplant either. We will put him on the wait-list. But that is only after he stabilises,\" said another doctor.The Mumbai-based doctor said a possibility of liver transplant in Mumbai hospitals too was considered, but the members of the Deshmukh family declined the option. \"In Mumbai, two hospitals are authorized to perform liver transplant operations, but it's a question of faith. Members of the Deshmukh family felt that Chennai will be a better option,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15383594", "title": "Fodder crunch looms over Gujarat", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Procurement of dry fodder is emerging as a daunting task for the Gujarat government.In the past, whenever there has been acute crisis, the state has procured dry fodder from neighbouring states Maharashtra and Karnataka. But this time around, both the states are themselves facing acute water scarcity, thus aggravating Gujarat's problem.Sources said that the government is now mulling floating tenders to make procurement of dry fodder so as to meet with the crunch situation that will be emerging after January next year. It is being pointed that apart from Maharashtra and Karnataka, getting fodder from other states is generally not economically viable. Hence, ways and means are now being found to meet the challenge. The state government has already asked the Centre to ask the railways for facilitating free transportation of fodder but no decision has been taken on the issue as yet.\"Till November, there will be no problem as we have 2 crore kg of fodder stacked with us. We plan to distribute it in areas where rainfall has been less than 50 mm. The forest department is confident of procuring another 3 crore kg from the districts of south and south east Gujarat. The problem will start after January,\" said a senior official.Forest department plans to set up 100 new grass collection centres in the southern and south eastern districts.The state government is in the process of framing a plan for encouraging farmers to take up fodder cultivation on a large scale. \"Besides growing fodder on waste lands and gauchar lands, we are encouraging private farmers to do the same,\" said an official.To begin with, the government plans to distribute 1 lakh fodder kits to farmers in rain-deficient areas of Saurashtra, Kutch and north Gujarat. \"Government of India has already assured us in writing that it has ample supply of fodder seeds and there would be no dearth on the supply side,\" the official.In its presentation before the Central team led by Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar that had visited the state capital on Friday, Gujarat government had stated that dry fodder requirement for severely affected districts will be 838 crore kg over the next nine months till the next monsoon sets in. It had further stated that moderately affected districts will need 647 crore kg over the next six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382470", "title": "Teens feared drowned off Marina", "text": "CHENNAI: Two teenagers who went for a swim in the sea off the Marina beach on Sunday evening are feared drowned. A search for them on Monday proved futile.Police said Madan Kumar, 17, a college student, and Deenadayalan, 18, a student of a polytechnic, went for a swim along with five others. Avinash, Nithya Kumar, Vasanth, Lokesh and Ramachandra managed to return to the shore but Madan and Deenadayalan were washed away by a stong tide.Fishermen joined in the search for the missing boys but could not find them. Police said they feared the worst as all search operations had failed. Meanwhile, efforts were on to see if a body spotted at the Kasimedu fishing harbour on Monday belonged to one of the two boys, police said.Deenadayalan's mother Parvathi, sister Vedavalli his father were waiting for updates at the Anna Square Police station on Monday morning. \"Deenadayalan went out in the morning to play cricket and returned home on Sunday afternoon before leaving for the beach with friends. He spoke to us from the beach on his mobile phone,\" Parvathi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15384329", "title": "Advance JEE to be held on June 2 next year", "text": "KANPUR: The Advance Joint Entrance Exam-2013 would be held on June 2 next year. The blueprint of the conduct of the exam has been prepared in IIT Delhi. The students appearing in this Advanced JEE would be getting a chance to take admission in IITs, IT-BHU and ISM-Dhanbad.The Joint Admission Board (JAB) has accepted the percentile based formula for conducting the JEE in 2013. Deliberation in this regard was held during the JAB meeting held in Delhi on Sunday.The IIT-JEE aspirants will be required to appear in a screening test first. Those who will qualify will be given an opportunity to sit in the Advanced JEE. The students will be tested upon their knowledge in Physics, Chemistry and Maths. The exam would be held in two shifts as it was held in JEE-2012. The questions will be objective in nature. The duration for each paper would be three hours.It is also important to mention that the exam would be held under the aegis of IIT system. The IITs will only hold academic and administration rights to interfere in the exam, if need be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381508", "title": "Kamal's death is a blow for NIA's Delhi HC blast case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amir Kamal, Hizb-ul-Mujahideen member and prime accused in last year's Delhi High Court blast case, was on Monday killed in an encounter with security forces in Jammu's Kishtwar area.His death has come as a setback to the National Investigating Agency (NIA) which has already filed a chargesheet in the case. The agency wanted to apprehend Kamal alive as he was vital to tying some loose ends in the case.NIA has already suffered a blow with another key accused Junaid Akram Malik suspected to have been killed by his own associates, including Kamal, a few months ago.According to sources, Kamal, who was a wanted accused in the case along with Junaid Malik and Chhota Hafiz (all Hizbul militants), was cornered along with some of his associates at Pinjrari Dachhan in Kishtwar district of Jammu &amp; Kashmir. The gunfight that ensued between security forces and the group led to the death of Kamal and his associate Shafi Hajam.Sources said, some arms and ammunition have also been recovered from the killed terrorists. Kamal carried a reward of Rs 10 lakh in connection with the HC blast case.Seventeen people were killed and over 90 others injured in the bomb blast outside the Delhi High Court on September 7, 2011.NIA has already charged Amir Abbas Dev, Wasim Akram Malik (Junaid's brother) and a minor for their alleged role in the bomb blast, while Kamal Hafiz, Junaid Malik and two Pakistani planters, whose real identity is unknown, have been mentioned as absconding accused in its chargesheet.The chargesheet, however, is low on crucial evidence to complete the jigsaw puzzle of the case and has only a handful of key witnesses. Answers to key questions like who provided the explosives, assembling of the bomb, where was the suitcase containing the bomb was bought from and the real identity of the two alleged Pakistani nationals who planted the bomb are still unknown.\"These questions can be answered only when the three absconding accused are caught. It was Hafiz and Kamal who had arranged for the planters and the bomb. When Wasim met them for the final meeting on the blast, everything was ready and he says he has no knowledge of where the explosives were brought from. He also knows the planters as only Abu Saifullah and Abu Bilal. These are aliases and not real names,\" said the official.NIA had sought help from the Army to track the absconding accused but the latter had said that it was unlikely that they would be caught alive since they were all armed terrorists and would retaliate when cornered.In May, police and security forces had carried out a joint operation at Patimahal in Jammu and located several Hizbul militants, including Chotta Hafiz and Akhtar Hussain. In the ensuring encounter, Hussain was killed, but Hafiz managed to escape. Forces had lost a jawan in the encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381514", "title": "'Five Gardens to be maintained by barred contractor'", "text": "MUMBAI: A black-listed contractor was awarded the work of maintaining the heritage Five Gardens in Dadar (East), Congress corporator Nayana Sheth alleged on Monday.She said that in the two years that the BMC has spent Rs 1 crore in revamping Five Gardens, only two of the five gardens have had a makeover. \"While the BMC poured a huge amount of money into their upkeep, Hooper's Garden near J B Vacha School, meant for football enthusiasts, lies largely ignored. As for the B N Vaidya Garden in Hindu Colony, which was developed three years ago, the trees there have dried up and the ground has become unlevelled.\"There are no garden officials for the upkeep of gardens in the city, Sheth said. \"I have learnt that this year a new tender was invited and a blacklisted contractor awarded the work to maintain Five Gardens. He was dismissed from the work of maintaining the gardens two-and-a-half years ago. The area is in a sorry state now.\"This is a heritage garden and is the pride of our city. We cannot let it deteriorate. Also, in the absence of security, some lamps have been stolen. The civic body should invest in the security and repair of not only this set of gardens, but all gardens dotting the city.\"Congress corproator Mosin Haider said there was a gap in appointing contractors by the civic body. \"The BMC shouldn't wait till a contract ends. For example, if a contract is ending in March, we should appoint a contractor in January. It's our obligatory duty to take care of our gardens.\"BJP corporator Vinod Shelar suggested that just as there are road and civil work contractors, the BMC should take the onus for appointing garden contractors..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15382427", "title": "Man held for duping many in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police have arrested a notorious fraudster who allegedly duped several people in the state on the pretext of finding treasurers buried in the ground.According to the police, the accused, Roshanlal, is a resident of Renwal in Jaipur rural.\"One Rameshwar Lal Gujjar had registered an FIR with Harmara police station saying that Roshanlal and his accomplices duped him of Rs 24 lakh on the pretext of finding gold and silver buried in the ground,\" said DCP, west, Mahendra Singh Choudhary.The officer said that one Sahdev Jat, is a member of Roshanlal gang approached Gujjar saying that he knew a man who could find buried gold.\"Jat showed him a video recording to win his confidence. Jat claimed that at least 50 kg of gold and 20 kg of silver is buried in a land belonging to Gujjar. Jat then took Gujjar to Roshanlal and his other gang members who told him that it would cost him Rs 11 lakh,\" said the officer.The officer said that gang members took Rs 13 lakh more from Gujjar saying that the items used in doing spells while digging up the ground have finished.\"Roshanlal has duped several people in Dausa, Dudu , Ajeetgarh, Sanganer, Merta City, Chomu, Manoharpur, Kalwar, Jobner, Sikar, Bandikui, Rupangarh, Kishangarh and Palsana areas in the state,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "15381229", "title": "Vaccine can prevent cervical cancer: Doctor", "text": "MHOW: A medical workshop on 'cervical cancer - myths and facts' and 'neo-natal resuscitation - latest treads and protocols by American Academy of Pediatrics' was held at the auditorium of the Defence Services Officers Institute (DSOI) in Mhow on Sunday evening.Military Hospital (MH) gynaecologist Maj Sunita Singh spoke on cervical cancer while pediatrician Dr Khuzema Furniturewala spoke on handling neo-natal resuscitation. MH registrar Col Brij Mohan was the chief guest.Maj Sunita Singh said that cervical cancer causes a large number of deaths especially in India. She said that medical science has made enormous progress in finding cures for various diseases. Vaccines too are available that help woman prevent not just cervical cancer but other diseases like vulva cancer, vagina cancer and genital warts. She informed that the vaccines can be administered on women in the age group of nine to 40 years.Dr Furniturewala, in his address spoke on the process used to revive the new born child in case it collapses. He told about the ways adopted by eminent doctors world over. He pointed out at the mistakes the doctors perform while handling the new born children in the labor room.A large number of doctors of army and civil circles along with other officers and their families were present. Lt Col D J Chakrabarty conducted the proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15383536", "title": "Declare Lohardaga drought-hit: Congress", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Demanding that Lohardaga be declared a drought-hit district, the district Congress Committee staged a daylong dharna in front of the district collectorate here on Monday. Leaders raised their voice against the poor basic amenities like electricity, water supply and roads in Lohardaga.District Congress president Sabbir Khan, who led the dharna, said most parts of Jharkhand , including Lohardaga, have been badly affected by the delayed monsoon. \"Lack of basic amenities have made the lives of the common man miserable. People are getting five to eight hours of irregular electricity supply due because of which proper water supply is affected. Farmers are not getting fertilizer and seeds as per the government schemes due to inefficiency of the state government. Munda must quit owning moral responsibility of the poor governance in the state,\" said Khan.The party leaders submitted a memorandum addressed to the governor to deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar demanding declaration of Lohardaga as a drought-hit district and give special package to the farmers . \"Farmers and students are migrating due to poor farming conditions,\" said a leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382085", "title": "'Mumbai has enough water to last a year'", "text": "MUMBAI: Deputy CM Ajit Pawar on Monday played down the water crisis in Mumbai. Speaking to the media informally at Mantralaya, Pawar said there is enough water for the city to sustain itself till next monsoon if it goes through a 20% water cut. \"There is not much rainfall in catchment areas. But the lakes supplying water to Mumbai have enough storage to last an entire year, provided the city is prepared to take a 15 to 20% water cut for the year,\" Pawar said.Following shortage of rainfall and dip in lake levels, the BMC already announced a 10% water cut across the city. The city's demand is 4,250 million litre a day (MLD) and it receives 3,450 MLD from six lakes.The union agriculture minister and NCP president, Sharad Pawar's nephew Ajit Pawar added that whether or not to impose water cuts was the BMC's decision to take. \"I don't want to interfere in the functioning of the BMC,\" he said. Stating that desalinization of water is not a feasible project, Pawar said, \"Corporate houses and five-star hotels would opt for desalinated water only if the procurement cost is cheaper than their current water charges.\" Admitting that there is deficient rainfall in the state, Pawar said the situation has improved in areas like Kolhapur and Pune. \"Marathwada needs to be closely monitored as water stock in dams there is at an alarmingly low level,\" Pawar added.The deputy CM, who also holds the energy portfolio, ruled out the possibility of increase in demand and supply gap in the power sector, saying, \"Insufficient rainfall will not affect power generation.\" \"The demand and supply of power in the state is almost same (approximately 11,500 MW) and 70 per cent of the state is load shedding free. Those who have defaulted on payments are facing power cuts,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382648", "title": "Police closing in on double murder culprit", "text": "BANGALORE: Police could soon arrest Karthik, the alleged killer of hotelier Pavan Kumar Maheswhari Sharma and his wife Babita Devi in their eatery on Cottonpet Main Road on August 1.Sources said investigations revealed that Karthik, who joined the the restaurant a week before the incident, is from Bihar and not Assam as was initially believed. Though police are not ready to say when exactly they'll arrest Karthik, sources said that the case will be wrapped up soon.Pavan and Babita were found murdered in their hotel and their adopted daughter, 5-year-old Priya, was found unconscious. The killer had bludgeoned the couple to death, but Priya survived a crowbar blow to her head.\"Bhaiyya ne maara (Brother killed them),\" Priya told police after regaining consciousness (she affectionately called Karthik Bhaiyya).A sniffer dog picked up Karthik's scent till the nearby City railway station before losing trail.The Sharmas didn't know about Karthik's antecedents. Police stumbled upon some vital clues.\"The accused is a native of Bihar,\" sources said. \"At this point of the investigation we cannot reveal much about the developments,\" they added.Police also dismissed speculation about another person being present at the hotel the previous night. However, sources said the probe into the motive had come up with \"baffling\" findings.Meanwhile, Priya is recuperating at Nimhans. Hospital officials said her uncle had come from Uttar Pradesh and taken up the responsibility of caring for her. The girl will also be given counselling. The Sharmas had adopted Priya from Aligarh, their home town. She had lost her biological parents immediately after her birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381941", "title": "2G scam: Clash in JPC on the cards over calling PM, Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: The dogfight between Congress and BJP on whether the prime minister and the finance minister should appear before the JPC on spectrum scam seems set to intensify on Tuesday, with the BJP deciding to walk out of the parliamentary panel if Manmohan Singh and P Chidambaram are not called to testify before the parliamentary committee.Senior BJP leaders who discussed the issue at the residence of L K Advani decided to stick to their demand that the PM and the finance minister be called as witnesses before the JPC. The principal opposition party is prepared to accept the summoning of any figures associated with the telecom ministry in the National Democratic Alliance government, including leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj and then principal secretary to the PM Brajesh Mishra.A late night effort to resolve the logjam did not succeed. The issue will dominate the meeting of the committee on Tuesday when there is nothing else on the agenda.Some Congress members on the committee are believed to be agreeable to summoning senior UPA figures but point out that controversies dating to the NDA period will mean former ministers like Jagmohan - who had disagreed with the Vajpayee government's decision to junk fixed fees for revenue sharing - are also called.The issue is likely to be discussed at the first meeting of the UPA coordinating committee likely to be held on Tuesday as well.BJP sources said the party was open to \"even peons and clerks being summoned\", but will not back off from its demand that the PM, Chidambaram and senior PMO officials be examined by the committee. Reams of communication between DMK leader A Raja, PMO and finance ministry made them pertinent persons in the allocation of 2G spectrum, it said.There had been suggestions that the PM might appear before the Public Accounts Committee when it was examining the 2G case, but that did not happen. Singh's promise to assist the PAC, however, had seen several important files being provided to the committee.As conclusions of UPA members, along with those belonging to supporting parties, are expected to be contrary to that of the opposition's, the demand for summoning the PM may prove to be a serious fault line.Committee sources said JPC chairman P C Chacko will try to bring about \"maximum unanimity\" but may have to remind members about time constraints as the panel is to submit its report by early December. This will mean that the draft would need to be ready by November.A clash of views could be on the cards as committee sources said it may not be \"feasible\" to accept the BJP demand for the PM and Chidambaram to be called before the committee. The political divide in the JPC is clear with Left, BJP and AIADMK members ranged to one side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15384066", "title": "Surging sales: E-books overtake paperbacks in UK", "text": "LONDON: Days of hardbound and paperback could soon end as ebooks take over!With growing popularity of virtual books which can be downloaded on book reading devices, the real paper books have taken a back seat, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The online retailer 'Amazon' which started selling downloadable books in the United Kingdom in August 2010, has sold 114 internet book downloads for every 100 print books this year.Amazon's eReader devices, the Kindle range, have been a huge seller in Britain despite the fact consumers pay up to 70% more than those in the USA.\"We hit this milestone in the United States less than four years after introducing Kindle, so to reach this landmark after just two years in the United Kingdom is remarkable and shows how quickly UK readers are embracing Kindle ,\" vice president of Kindle EU Jorrit Van der Meulen was quoted as saying.\"As a result of the success of Kindle, we are selling more books than ever before on behalf of authors and publishers,\" Jorrit Van der Meulen added.However, this virtual success has been seen to be disastrous for independent book shops and are almost disappearing from most of the high streets.On the other hand, this has proved to be a good move for authors who can publish their books on-line , get direct access to readers and earn a big share of the sale money for themselves.The most popular downloads in the Kindle store so far this year have been the controversial Fifty Shades of Grey trilogy by the British writer EL James.More than two million digital versions of the sexually charged novels were sold in just four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15382925", "title": "'Solutions' add to expressway's problems", "text": "KOLKATA: It's a state highway that carries vehicles to and from the city up to national highways 2 (Delhi Road) and 6 (Mumbai Road). But strangely enough, the Howrah traffic police stop the automatic signals at all the crucial crossings along Kona Expressway for over an hour after 9 pm every day.The result is obvious. On almost every weekday after 9pm, the two-decade-old expressway becomes a picture of never-ending traffic snarls. Heavy and light vehicles crawl at a snail's pace and sometimes it takes close to two hours to cross the 8-km stretch.Right from the Carey Road crossing - which is the first crossing on the expressway from the Vidyasagar Setu side - to Nibra crossing towards the end of the expressway, the red light of the traffic signals blink continuously as droves of policemen take to the road and manually control traffic.The Howrah police commissionerate considers Kona Expressway the most accident-prone stretch in the whole city division. When the commissionerate was formed in September, at least five deaths a month were recorded on the stretch. This has now come down to one death a month. However, accidents and consequent hospitalizations remain extremely high, leading traffic police to take some sweeping measures to restrict traffic movement along the expressway.At least one lakh heavy and light vehicles ply along the expressway daily. Movement suddenly peaks around 9 pm every day as heavy goods-loaded vehicles are allowed into Howrah and Kolkata from that time onwards. It was noticed that accidents also peak around this time. The automatic traffic signals added to the problem as vehicles tend to over-speed at green signals. Interestingly, all along Kona Expressway, the lights change from red to green suddenly. The option of the amber signal, indicating speeding vehicles to slow down, does not exist anywhere on the expressway.Howrah traffic police, by its own admission, stops the automatic signals to slow down traffic as that will prevent accidents. However, this is creating tremendous problems to commuters. \"I live in Kadamtala and it takes me nearly 40 minutes to cross my portion of a kilometre and a half of the Kona Expressway. This is really frustrating, so I have started coming back early. Things are better till it is 8.30 pm. So if I fail this 'deadline', I either take the Howrah bridge instead of the Vidyasagar Setu or I delay my return till after 10 pm,\" said Shyamal Mukherjee, an advocate.A report regarding the problems that dog Kona Expressway was prepared by the Howrah traffic police to be submitted to the KMDA and the PWD - the two guardians of the Kona Expressway. The report says that when the state highway was planned, it took into account a maximum load of 50,000 vehicles per day, which has doubled in 20 years and hence, an immediate road widening is required. The road is 70-foot wide taking both flanks into consideration. The report says that it should be immediately widened to 110 feet.\"There are six crossings and some cut-outs that have been created to help local people to cross over. But apart from that, a large number of illegal cut-outs have been created by the local people, which are erratically used by two wheelers, making these accident-prone zones. We have to deploy cops to not only man the crossings but also the illegal cut-outs,\" said a senior cop of the traffic police.Though a narrow one-foot-wide divider exists in some parts, in many places the divider is broken or non-existent. As a result of this, when heavy vehicles lose control, they climb on to the divider and roll on to the other side causing accidents. The report says that a four-foot wide divider that has high walls should be built along that stretch as that will prevent heavy vehicles from crossing over even if their brakes fail. The report also rues the fact that there is only one breakdown van for Kona Expressway and no cranes to lift vehicles. The fact that large parts of the Expressway are without street lights adds to the problem.Since the commissionerate was formed, a special contingent of policemen consisting of 20 officers, 65 constables and many city police volunteers have been deployed to manage Kona Expressway.\"We have a large number of issues related to Kona Expressway that require sorting out. For the moment we are trying to control speed of the traffic on the expressway during peak rush hour that starts a little before 9 pm. We hope to come up with a better solution soon,\" said deputy commissioner, traffic, Akhilesh Chaturvedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15384187", "title": "Cop raids over little-known laws upset Mumbai hoteliers", "text": "MUMBAI: Sunday's raid by the social service branch of Mumbai Police on restobars in Worli and Santa Cruzhas angered hoteliers and bar owners who want to know why they should be harassed for a little-known law on overcrowding of premises.Patrons are also upset over the fact that such raids are gradually bringing the curtains down on Mumbai's night life. \"It's sheer harassment by cops and the selective implementation of outdated rules,\" said a bar owner in suburban Mumbai who has lost huge clientele over the last two years due to raids. \"I am thinking of closing it down,\" he said.The bar and hotel owners and even their associations refused to come on record against the alleged harassment as some owners said they were scared of being targeted again by the police if they protested. But patrons are not so squeamish.Bakul Maniktala and his friend Suhas Pradhan said they had decided against bringing official guests from Europe next time to certain bars in the western suburbs and instead would prefer to stay put with them in any five-star hotel. \"While the prices have gone up by 70%,the clientele in bars has declined by more than 50%. After price hike and police raids, people now prefer to buy liquor from shops and drink wherever they want, thus increasing social security risks in the civil society, especially during night hours,\" said another bar owner.In Sunday's case, the bars ' managers were booked for playing music without licence and allowing overcrowding. \"There are instructions of 20 couples in 200sq ft area,78 people in 500sq ft and 166 patrons in 1000 sq ft written behind the licences but few bar owners know about it,\" a bar owner said.Interestingly,then chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad had expressed anguish over thefact that the excise department was losing huge revenue due to police raids on bars over licence issues.Office-bearers of Ahar, an association of restaurants and bars, refusedtocomment.HRAWI office-bearers said they will have to check past cases and the judgment delivered to decide the future course of action.Meanwhile, police officers said overcrowding norms were mentioned in the development control rules and need to be followed strictly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15381592", "title": "'Over 1,000 bus trips made'", "text": "NASHIK: The buses of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) undertook more than 1,000 trips to transport nearly five lakh pilgrims to Trimbakeshwar from various places in Nashik to Trimbakeshwar, MSRTC officials claimed.Special arrangements were made at Mela Stand, near Old Central Bus Station ( CBS ) to transport the pilgrims from Nashik to Trimbakeshwar. While the MSRTC had arranged for 225 buses at the stand and over another 200 buses from ten different locations, the Mela Stand alone recorded over 800 trips of the buses carrying passengers to and from Trimbakeshwar.\"Since the entry of private vehicles was restricted, roads were clear of unwanted hindrances which allowed traffci to move faster and lef to more frequent bus trips. Usually by noon, the additional crowd recedes. However this time many pilgrims started their trek Aon Monday morning as a result we had to ply additional 100 buses till late evening,\" divisional controller, MSRTC, Kailas Jadhav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382731", "title": "Action speaks louder than words for school kids learning English", "text": "CHENNAI: More than twenty children are sitting on the floor with colourful bingo charts and pieces of red chart paper, trying to find four-letter words like bolt, snag, lock and ball. There is an excited buzz and toddlers poke their heads into others' papers to see how well their charts are going. When a curious child notices a new person at the door, she immediately comes forward and asks, \"What is your name? Let me take you to my 'Ma'am'.\"Not bad at all for a child whose only exposure to English came through one teacher for less than two months. Watching the teacher give the students instructions, it's easy to forget that it is a corporation primary school classroom.The teacher makes gestures and moves her hands as she speaks. \"The best way to teach children a new language is by maximizing their exposure to the language,\" said Revathi Ramanan, a teacher and Teach For India fellow. \"But if teachers suddenly start speaking a new language, the children will not understand anything. So we include a lot of actions while we speak to help them connect certain words and phrases to actions.\"Teach For India is an NGO working to eliminate inequality in education in the country. It has partnered with seven corporation primary schools, adopting techniques depending on student strength and to help students learn other subjects in English more effectively. \"The classes are improving the students' spoken English and communication skills,\" said a corporation official. A majority of students who pass out of the corporation's English-medium schools do not know how to read a sentence even at the end of primary school. The initiatuve aims to make a child learn as much English in a year as they normally would in a year and a half.\"The Class 3 students here did not even know alphabets or numbers a month ago,\" says Arvind Prasad, another Teach For India fellow. \"They are still behind children in private schools. But if they can develop their English skills at the rate we target, they will be on par with their peers by Class 8.\"The initiative's fellows also focus on 'joyful learning' and creating a 'safe and happy environment' at school for children. \"It is important for the child to love school and learning,\" the corporation official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15384361", "title": "Court issues warning to Kesco MD", "text": "KANPUR: District judge, Kanpur nagar, OP Verma admitted the written explanation of managing director of Kesco, RS Pandey regarding the uninterrupted power supply in Kanpur court and closed the matter after issuing him a warning on Monday.Instead of appearing himself before the court, Kesco MD submitted a written submission and expressed regret over interruption in power supply in court premises on Friday last.The district judge of Kanpur nagar, on Friday last, had issued show cause notice to Kesco MD for not complying with the high court orders regarding the uninterrupted power supply in the courts and asked him to appear in person before the court to explain why action can not be taken against him.In his submission, the MD stated that it was executive engineer's fault that he could not communicate to the court about the power cut and failed to settle the faults in power line for Kanpur court. The executive engineer and junior staff had been instructed to communicate to the court about power cuts in advance so that inconvenience could be sorted out.The district judge closed the matter after issuing a warning to Kesco and suggested Kesco officials to repair the faults during the power cuts or rostering. Working in Kanpur court was badly affected due to frequent power cuts.According to the sources, Kesco staff had worked hard on Sunday and it not only chopped the branches of trees covering the power line but also repaired the minor and major defects at the court terminal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "karur", "code": "15383769", "title": "Lawyers protest murder of advocate, relative", "text": "KARUR: An advocate and his relative were hacked to death by an armed gang at Gowndampatti near Kulithalai in Karur district over a trivial issue of distributing water for jasmine cultivation, late on Sunday night. Following the incident, panic gripped the area as the accused were yet to be arrested.S Ravichandran (32), practicing as an advocate in the district court, Trichy and his nephew S Suresh (23), running a cycle workshop were murdered by their relatives at around 10.30pm on Sunday when the duo was returning home from their farm after irrigating jasmine plants. As many as five motorcycle-borne people intercepted them and attacked them with lethal weapons. The gang fled the scene immediately after slaying them. Both the victims and murderers are residents of Gowndampatti.According to the police, Ravichandran and his family cultivated jasmine in Mettukadu in Gowndampatti. Similarly, their relative, Kannan was also engaged in jasmine cultivation in the same area. However, the two families were at loggerheads with each other for long over irrigating the jasmine plants. The trouble had brewed from using a common channel to distribute water pumped out of a well in the area. The water was being distributed only to a farmland of Ravichandran for the past two days. This again led to a heated argument between the two. Police suspect that Kannan and his team might have taken the extreme step to murder Ravichandran and Suresh.Upon information, Karur SP Santhoshkumar, Kulithalai DSP SM Elango and Kulithalai police rushed to the spot. Meanwhile, both the victims were brought to a private hospital in Trichy. Unfortunately, they succumbed to their injuries. The bodies were later taken to the Annal Gandhi memorial government hospital in Trichy for postmortem.Based on a complaint from the victims' relatives, police registered a case against six people, including the main accused Kannan. A special team has been formed to nab the murderers.DSP S M Elango told TOI that \"considering the sensitivity of the case, as many as 40 police personnel led by him were deployed in the village to prevent any untoward incident.\"Meanwhile, a group of lawyers from the district court, Trichy carried out a procession to demand the arrest of the killers. Ravichandran was survived by his wife Naagamani and two daughters, Geethasri and Yazhini. Suresh was survived by his pregnant wife Gowthami and a son Anguraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15384075", "title": "Street sensors to help locate parking space", "text": "LONDON: For the first time, a mobile application will guide drivers in UK where to park and allow them to pay on phone for the parking.Sensors which can alert motorists to empty parking bays are being trialled in Britain for the first time, the 'Daily Mail' reported. \"This has potential for the whole country. We're piloting the first system of its kind in the Europe from this Wednesday. Smart sensors are being installed in parking bays for the first time on-street in the UK,\" a spokesman for Westminster City Council was quoted as saying.\"It will reduce congestion and minimize the need for motorists to endlessly trawl the streets searching for somewhere to park,\" the spokesperson said. Westminster City Council along with carpark firm 'Town and City Parking Ltd' are piloting this system here.The small glass-domed sensors are embedded in the centre of each bay and can tell when a car is present, absent , or has over-stayed its allotted time. Details of empty bays will be collected centrally and sent via mobile phone and wi-fi to motorists on their phones, who can then drive to the vacant space. Drivers have to pay for to park over the phone. Once fully operational, that the system will also send special alerts to drivers when their paid-for time is getting over.If a driver overstays the allotted parking time, the sensors will send a signal to the parking authorities who will send around a warden to issue a penalty ticket to the motorist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15382793", "title": "'Vessels can't leave jetty sans life jackets for crew'", "text": "MARGAO: After a fishing vessel carrying about 35 crew members was stuck in the middle of the sea at Varca on Sunday, South Goa district collector N D Agarwal issued an order on Monday that came into force with immediate effect barring any fishing vessel from leaving fishing jetties unless all the crew members wear life jackets.Agarwal stated that after contacting the captain of the fishing vessel, it was learnt that not a single crew member was carrying a life safety jacket and that the trawler did not have any life safety equipments. \"It is also reported that more than 50% on the boat do not know swimming,\" added Agwaral. The collector and chairperson of the South Goa district management authority issued the order utilizing powers under clause (v) of sub-section (2) of Section 30 read with Section 26 of the Disaster Management Act 2005 (Act 53 of 2005) (hereinafter called as ACT).The order further stated that \"the officers deputed on the jetty from the fisheries department shall ensure that all life saving equipment on the boat as provided under various laws applicable in the state of Goa are in place and in proper conditions\".It is to be noted that the violation of the order \"will be considered to be an offence under Section 55 of the ACT and the concerned head of the department shall be deemed guilty of the offence and shall be liable to be prosecuted and punished accordingly\". The violation of the order will also be an offence under section 188 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15383479", "title": "Plan panel approves Rs 16300cr for state", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand government on Monday managed to get the approval of Planning Commission for its plan budget of Rs 16,300 crore for the current fiscal despite the amount being 25% more than the last fiscal. The consent of the Commission is key for the state as last year the state's budget was reduced by around Rs 3,000 crore after the government failed to generate revenue to sustain a plan budget of Rs 15,300 crore. The final budget approved was around Rs 12,300 crore.Sources in state planning department revealed that although this fiscal's budget is 25% more than last year, the Commission accepted the proposal as it realises that Jharkhand needs special assistance because of array of problems, particularly the Maoist menace and large-scale irregularities in mining activities. \"We have presented a realistic budget and have given special emphasis on development of infrastructure, irrigation facilities and employment generation in Maoist-affected areas. That is why the Commission approved the budget,\" said an official who was present at the meeting between chief minister Arjun Munda and Planning Commission vice-chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia.The state requested for timely allocation of funds for completion of the Swarnarekha Multipurpose Project under accelerated irrigation benefit programme. The project will irrigate around 3.6 lakh hectare in Jharkhand, West Bengal and Odisha and generate 500MW power. Total cost of the project is around Rs 6,000 crore. The commission was informed that the state needs at least Rs 1,500 crore to develop basic infrastructure, including roads in remote and inaccessible areas of the state. Another Rs 800 crore is required for construction of a new capital city and this cannot be possible without additional support form the Centre.Chief minister Arjun Munda, who attended the meeting despite poor health due to injury in chopper crash, requested central assistance of around Rs 500 crore for development of the proposed IT and pharma hub at Khunti. \"We have already allotted Rs 14.6 crore for acquisition of 400 acre land in the area,\" Munda said after the meeting.Meanwhile, Munda criticised the Centre for not assisting the state in widening and strengthening of national highways. \"Jharkhand is part of the economic corridor and suffers environmental degradation because of large scale mining. The roads often get damaged but the Centre is not supporting the state in its efforts to widen the vital highways,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15383360", "title": "The skinhead's love: Hate rock bands", "text": "Wade Michael Page had hate written all over him. A neo-Nazi skinhead, Page waded into hate after a less than honourable discharge from the United States army in 1998, well before 9/11. It is not clear why and when he developed an antipathy for Sikhs, or whether it was Sikh-specific, but the Southern Poverty Law Center noted his extensive connections to hate groups.On its website, the SPLC said that in 2010, Page, then the leader of the band called End Apathy, gave an interview to the white supremacist website Label 56 in which he said that when he started the band in 2005, its name reflected his wish to \"figure out how to end people's apathetic ways\" and start \"moving forward\". No one read that as a prelude to bloody gun violence.\"I was willing to point out some of my faults on how I was holding myself back,\" Page was quoted as saying. Later, he added, \"The inspiration was based on frustration that we have the potential to accomplish so much more as individuals and a society in whole\".Page told the website that he had been a part of the white power music scene since 2000, when he left his native Colorado on a motorcycle. He attended white power concerts in Georgia, North Carolina, West Virginia and Colorado. At various times, he said, he also played in the hate rock bands Youngland (2001-2003), Celtic Warrior, Radikahl, Max Resist, Intimidation One, Aggressive Force and Blue Eyed Devils. End Apathy, he said, included \"Brent\" on bass and \"Ozzie\" on drums; the men were former members of Definite Hate and another band, 13 Knots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382596", "title": "'Mars landing similar to winning Olympics gold'", "text": "MUMBAI: For 30-year-old Ravi Prakash, who played a key role in Nasa Curiosity's highly complex entry, descent and landing (edl), on the Red Planet on Monday, the successful landing was \"equivalent to winning a gold medal at the Olympics, beating all odds and crossing the finishing line.\"After covering a distance of nearly 570 million kms, Curiosity, launched on November 26, 2011, landed at the Red Planet's Gale Crater at about 11am (IST). During its two-year mission, Curiosity will explore if the Martian environment can support microbes and will lay the ground for future human exploration.Speaking to TOI, from Nasa's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) at Pasadena an hour after the historic landing, which is being compared to the first human mission to the moon, he said: \"It was the purest joy I have ever experienced. It almost felt like an out-of-body experience, like a dream. And to my delight, this is all real,\" he said.\"The team is headed to a bar that has agreed to stay open until 7am (local time) for us to celebrate. Then we come back to work later that day to help pinpoint exactly where the spacecraft landed,\" he said.The much-awaited touchdown ended the most complex, nail-biting and challenging robotic mission ever to have been attempted by Nasa.The Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) spacecraft which flew Curiosity to Mars with 10 instruments slammed into the Martian atmosphere at about 10.53 am (IST) at a whopping velocity of 13,000 mph and landed seven minutes later.During these seven minutes which has come to be known as \"Seven Minutes of Terror,\" Curiosity executed nearly 1000 manouvres in rapid succession without a hitch, including the complex sky crane deployment, and touched down much to the relief of the JPL engineers and scientists.Said Ravi Prakash, \"During the entry, descent and landing, the entire team in mission control was initially waiting on getting data. This was the moment that we had been pouring our blood, sweat and tears into for the last several years. Even though there was nothing we could do at this point, we were focussed on determining what had happened as best as we could,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15381923", "title": "25% hike in Plan outlay for Jharkhand in next fiscal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Planning Commission agreed a plan outlay of Rs 16,300 crore for 2012-13 for Jharkhand, marking an increase of 25% over the previous fiscal.The plan size was finalized in a meeting between Jharkhand CM Arjun Munda and Plan Panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia.\"We need a special thrust for infrastructure development particularly road connectivity in Jharkhand and we would be happy to support the state,\" Ahluwalia said.At the meeting, Munda raised the issue of delay in environmental clearance for the state's agriculture and irrigation projects. Ahluwalia responded that the Commission would like to go into the causes of delays in getting clearances of development projects.The Commission has asked the state to send a note on its irrigation and agriculture projects which are not taking off because of delay on getting green and forest clearances.Munda said that the focus of development would be on making benefits reach deprived section of the society. \"With this objective, emphasis would be on infrastructure development with private participation and added efforts on reducing gaps in health care and education,\" he added.The CM sought the Centre's help in overcoming infrastructure deficits and high cost of law and order maintenance.He said the state would pursue an ambitious plan of 10% growth in the 12th five year plan to double per capita income by 2016-17. Agriculture growth would be targeted at 6.5%, while industrial growth would be around 12.5%. The state would aim to create 2.12 million additional jobs, he added.\"The CM has also mentioned that Jharkhand has plans to construct a new capital near Ranchi. I hope as part of Jawahar Lal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), which is soon to be formalized for the 12th plan period, this kind of special project can be taken into account in order to provide assistance,\" Ahluwalia added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15381587", "title": "Ghaziabad meat trader shot at, one held", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A businessman was shot in the chest by three men on Monday morning on the way to his office carrying cash. Local resident, however, managed to overpower one of the criminals and handed him to the cops. The victim, Abdul, is recuperating in a private hospital in Noida.Cops said Abdul runs a meat business. \"While Abdul was on his way, the three criminals overtook him on their bike and held him at gunpoint. They thrashed the victim and when he resisted parting with the money shot him on the chest,\" said Indirapuram SO, Gorakhnath Yadav.\"Local residents bravely chased the miscreants and caught one of them identified as Irshad. Abdul was then taken to the hospital. Doctors say his condition is critical,\" Yadav added.\"The incident took place around 5am. When we saw that three people were trying to loot a man, we ran towards them. By the time we reached, one of them fired a shot and tried to flee but we managed to catch one of them,\" said Anand Pandey, a local resident.\"We have questioned the arrested accused and got to know about the hideout of the other. Soon the others will be caught,\" said the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15382797", "title": "Not responsible for grid failure: UP to Centre", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Monday said it was not responsible for last week's grid failure that resulted in 22 states going without power. During a meeting of the Union power ministry and states drawing power from the Northern Grid, senior UP officials said the two-day blackout was not caused because the state was overdrawing from the grid.Principal secretary, energy, Anil Kumar Gupta, told TOI: \"At the meeting we reiterated that the grid failure wasn't caused by UP. We also emphasised that the power crisis was caused because UP wasn't being given adequate coal to run the existing power plants. Though we have short, medium and long term plans for increasing our production capacity, they depend heavily on the supply of coal from the Centre.\"In the meeting, UP demanded adequate coal supply to run the state's existing power plants. Adding that UP wasn't receiving enough coal, Gupta said the state government asked the Power Grid Corporation India Limited (PGCIL) to conduct an energy production audit, apart from setting up an automatic demand management system. \"For both these tasks, we have invited PGCIL to visit Lucknow and have also promised to extend support to the Centre,'' he said. PGCIL chairman and managing director RN Naik is expected to visit Lucknow on August 8.Ahead of the meeting with the states, PGCIL officials announced that they had put on hold plans to upgrade one, out of the two, circuits connecting Agra and Bhind, via Gwalior. On July 31 and August 1, this was the circuit that allegedly caused the technical snag that led to the power failure. Shifting the entire load of two circuits on to one, officials said, could have led to the snag that resulted in the grid failure.Gupta confirmed since this was one of the possible causes for the sudden blackout, PGCIL decided to defer upgradation plans until the load on the lines was significantly reduced. \"This only reaffirms that UP wasn't responsible for the power crisis. As far as overdrawing is concerned, we have made a written submission to the Centre that UP was overdrawing up to 2000MW during June, without affecting the grid. On the day of the power failure, we only overdrew 40MW. Clearly, this has no bearing on grid failure,'' Gupta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15381729", "title": "Elderly woman found murdered in her bathroom", "text": "PATNA: An elderly woman, Krishna Sinha alias Kini (68), was found murdered in the bathroom of her double-storey house (A-21) at P C Colony under Kankarbagh police station on Monday. Her husband, Shyamnandan Prasad, is a retired chief engineer of Bihar State Electricity Board.Prasad told TOI that he, along with his married daughter Kavita Shyam, had gone to meet a doctor at noon. When they returned around 1.30pm, they found the door of the house closed from inside. Prasad asked a local boy to scale the balcony and open the door. When the boy opened the door and Prasad saw his wife's head in a bucket full of water. It seems the criminals had hit her on the head. One of her eyelids had turned black. There was also a cut mark on her neck. A bag and a knife were also recovered from the spot. Prasad said her chain, earrings and payal were missing. \"The criminals could not take away any valuables as we never keep cash and jewellery in the house,\" he said.Later, City SP Jayant Kant visited the spot and talked to Prasad and his daughter. Prasad's daughter lives here with her daughter, who is studying in a local school. Prasad has two sons - Sharad Shyam, an aeronautical engineer in Delhi, and Anand Shyam, a trainer in Guwahati.The City SP said prima facie it seems to be some insiders' work as the visitors had some food and drank water in the drawing room. He suspected some family dispute behind the murder. Experts from Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) reached the spot for investigation. An FIR has been lodged against unknown persons in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15382449", "title": "650km water pipes changed, twice as much still to go", "text": "CHENNAI: Finally, waking up to the threat of water contamination in the city, Metrowater has started replacing pipelines. More than 2,300km of pipelines that criss-cross the city were laid in the mid 1960s. Now, many of them may have corroded, leading to seepage of sewage and other impurities into the pipes.Public health experts say this is a crucial step in preventing waterborne diseases. Metrowater has got Rs60 crore under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) to replace all the drinking and sewerage water pipelines within the older city limit.The department had identified'more than 2,000km of pipelines along 15,000 roads. About 650km of pipelines running under areas such as Guindy, Virugambakkam, T Nagar, Saidapet, Choolai, Royapuram, KK Nagar and Villivakkam have been replaced with new ductile iron and mild steel pipes. \"Most of the pipelines in the old areas were of cast iron, which rust over time. We will replace the old pipes by December-end,\" said a Metrowater official.The organization has been facing problems clearing sewerage and supplying drinking water. The city has around five lakh water connections.Leaky pipelines are the main cause of water contamination. \"Only if there are leaks do sewage water seep in. The liquid also overflows on the road only when the links are weak, and not able to withstand pressure,\" said former assistant city health officer Dr Damodaran Reddy.Sewage gets mixed with the drinking water, when residents try to draw water after the supply or pumping hours. Since there is no water in the pipe, air pressure starts sucking in liquid from the surroundings through the holes on the pipe. This is what had happened in the Osankulam slum board tenements in Chetpet, Kodungaiyur and Kolathur where the residents were taken ill two weeks back.Health officers say water contamination happens frequently during monsoon, which is why Metrowater increases the chlorine content in water by five times. Experts also feel that having a common enclosures for garbage collection in neighbourhoods could have also aggravated the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385014", "title": "Multiplexes to hike ticket prices for Ek Tha Tiger", "text": "Websites had started pre-booking shows a month before Salman Khan's much-awaited Eid release Ek Tha Tiger was scheduled to hit the theatres on August 15. And now, TOI has learnt that most multiplexes have decided to hike the ticket prices by as much as 12-16 percent.Pricing tickets higher for certain films or during special occasions like Diwali and New Year is not uncommon. In fact, earlier Salman releases Ready and Bodyguard had been priced higher than regular rates. However, a 12-16 percent hike is unprecedented.Explaining the hike, an insider said, \"Most multiplexes rolled back the ticket prices (ref. Mirror, May 3, 2012) a few months ago. So, a 12-16 percent hike will come out to be about Rs 20. Which is fair. After all it is the festive season. People are willing to shell out extra money for a Salman film especially during Eid. The multiplexes have taken this decision after a lot of research.\"Confirming the development, Anand Vishal, Head of Operations, Fun Cinemas told us, \"Nationally, the price will rise by about Rs 20 per ticket. After all it is a premium product. This kind of thing is done during festive seasons. And today Salman films demand higher premium than before.\"The price hike will however, not be the same in every theatre. Areas where there is more than one multiplex, will see a 12 percent hike in ticket price. While areas, with fewer theatre options will see as much as a 16 percent rise. And this will apply to all major cities in the country.Harshavardhan Gangurde, Vice President (Marketing), Inox Cinemas said, \"We haven't decided the exact amount by which we shall raise the ticket price. But we will soon. Ek Tha Tiger is a blockbuster.\"And his thoughts are reiterated by several other theatre owners who have allocated as much as 95% of the shows for the YRF film. Vishal confirmed that as far as Fun Cinemas is concerned, \"At least 90 percent of the shows have been allocated to Ek Tha Tiger .\"However, most single screens have decided to maintain the ticket prices. Like, for one, Manoj Desai, owner of Gaiety-Galaxy, told us, \"I have never hiked ticket prices. I am not doing it for Ek Tha Tiger either. But I must tell you, I have full confidence in this film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15382637", "title": "Nod for Ganesh immersion in two ponds", "text": "VADODARA: For the first time, Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) is considering to make special arrangements inside po-nds in the city to minimize pollution due to Ganpati immersions. After suggestions from Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) VMC is trying to have a lining or enclosure inside two ponds where idols will be immersed.VMC and GPCB officials have taken up the cause of the ponds after it came to light that they are badly polluted. While it is clearly emerging that immersions cannot be stopped in ponds and plaster of Paris (PoP) idols will continue to be manufactured, attempts are now being made to ensure that the damage to the ponds is minimized. It has been decided that idols will be immersed at Gotri and Gorwa pond with special arrangements there.The major steps that are being zeroed down upon include ensuring that material other than the idols like clothes, flowers and ornaments on the idols are removed before immersion. \"This way, we will be able to bring down pollution to some extent. The VMC can then carry these items separately to a river and immerse them,\" said GPCB regional officer R B Trivedi.VMC and GPCB are also tying up with city-based organizations to give a boost to the activity of immersing idols in large tanks put up on lorries that travel in the city. \"Such tanks will also be put up at Gotri and Gorwa ponds where people can immerse smaller Ganpati idols. Only the bigger ones will thus go into the pond,\" said VMC deputy commissioner R K Sugoor.The bigger task that is under consideration, however, is that of having a separate enclosure inside the ponds using thick sheets or nets to ensure that the damage to the pond is limited. This will limit accumulation of immersed idols in a particular area and they can be removed easily. At the same time, the option of lifting the sheets or nets along with the idols out of the pond is also being considered. \"This has been suggested, but is a daunting task,\" said Sugoor.Trivedi said they were looking to get expertise in this regard from other places where similar arrangements have been done. \"It is a tough job, but we are trying to find out if someone has done so earlier,\" he added. The GPCP, however, has clarified that it would want that the idols are removed within 48 hours from the ponds to ensure that the pollution caused is minimal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381233", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation's 1916 houses ready for low-income group", "text": "INDORE: Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has accomplished the construction of around 1916 houses for the low-income group under the JNNURM project.The houses are ready for giving accommodation to the eligible contenders. As per the JNNURM project, the civic body was expected to construct around 5000 houses for the low-income group but it managed to construct only 1916 houses.Citing the reason, mayor Krishna Murari Moghe said that the escalation in cost of the project resulted in not meeting the goal. The project was approved at the cost of Rs 1.50 lakh per unit on each house, but now the cost of per unit has escalated to Rs 3.75 lakh. As union government releases fund only in accordance with the cost sanctioned at the time of approval, the civic body has to bear the escalated cost of the project.On the cost escalation of the project, minister Babulal Gaur said that state government will consider the increasing financial burden over the civic body. He also said that union government has extended the deadline of the project for another two years.According to urban administration development ministry, Madhya Pradesh was expected to construct around 40,000 houses in all, out of which only 26,000 houses have been constructed in Indore, Bhopal, Jabalpur and Ujjain under the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382649", "title": "Kids' harasser remains at large", "text": "BANGALORE: A teacher accused of sexually harassing girl students of a school in Vijayanagar is yet to be traced.Police said Hindi teacher HG Basavaraj of Sangameshwara Vidya Kendra in Vijayanagar hasn't reached his home town near Dobbespet in Bangalore Rural district.\"We've been trying to trace him. He's a divorcee and had severed ties with his family. He went into hiding when the allegations were made against him on July 28,\" DCP (West) SN Sidramappa told TOI.He said a special team went to his village but didn't find him. Local police have been asked to keep a watch for him. \"We're also closely watching his close associates and relatives,\" the officer said.Basavaraj joined the school a month ago. Girl students lodged a complaint with Vijayanagar police on July 28 accusing him of misbehaving with them. One girl wanted to discontinue her studies after he told her to sit on his lap in class.Basavaraj earlier taught at a Boodigere school near Hoskote in Bangalore Rural district.Parents said the school principal was told about his wayward behaviour and he'd been warned. Despite this, he continued misbehaving with students, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15382857", "title": "'Breastfeeding good for mother &amp; child'", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a village near Lucknow, mothers do not feed their newborns till the village priest declares a mahurat. All this while, the child is fed on honey. The 'belief' is only an example to show why 85% of mothers in UP deprive their neonates from the first does of nutrition that builds immunity against all sorts of diseases and infections.To stress upon the importance of the matter, health agencies across the world observe the first week of August as World Breastfeeding Awareness Week. As a part of the same, a symposium was organised by the National Rural Health Mission's state programme management unit on Monday. Deliberating over the issue, mission director, NRHM, Mukesh Meshram said, \"We need strategies that can dispel the myths related to this life saving exercise. NGOs and professional can play an important role.\"Citing scientific evidences, experts present on the occasion said, \"It is recommended that children be put to the breast immediately within one hour of birth.\" Findings of the Annual Health Survey support the view. \"There is growing evidence of the benefits to mother and child of early initiation of breastfeeding preferably in the first hour of the birth. Early initiation of breastfeeding contributes in reducing neo-natal mortality. It ensures early skin to skin contact, which is important in preventing hypothermia and establishing the bond between the mother and her child. Early initiation of breastfeeding also reduces the mother's risk of post-partum haemorrhage, one of the leading causes of maternal mortality,\" it reads.According to a Lancet Study for India, the most important factor for improving child survival in India is ensuring colostrums feeding within one hour after birth and exclusive breastfeeding for six months. Uttar Pradesh has the maximum number of children in the country, and also has a very high infant mortality rate. This year 'World Breastfeeding Week' was marked by several activities at the state level, district level and the block level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15382924", "title": "Haryana: Panchayat bars youth from marrying for 2 years", "text": "ROHTAK: A social panchayat of 12 villages in Dadri block of Bhiwani has barred a youth of Sanwar village from marrying for two years for daring to snap the engagement with a girl of Bhiwani town.The girl's family approached the panchayat and sought its intervention for unilaterally breaking the engagement about a month after the ceremony was performed. The panchayat on Sunday imposed the two-year marriage ban and also fined the youth's family with Rs 1.According to information, Ishwar Sharma of Sanwar village had proposed marriage of his son to a girl of Bhiwani about a month back. After the families as well as the bride and groom agreed to the match, the engagement ceremony was held.However, the groom, who has been working with his father in fields after completing his graduation, reportedly later came to know that the girl was mentally unstable. He intimated this to his family which decided to snap the ties and conveyed their decision to the bride's family.Village sarpanch Rameshwar Singh informed that the girl's father Ram Mehar Sharma got upset over the sudden decision and moved the panchayat. The panchayat of 12 adjoining villages, which was presided over by a community leader Lal Singh, met on Sunday. The meeting was attended by the heads of both the families.The panchayat found Ishwar guilty of not taking the groom's family into confidence before breaking the ties and banned the youth from marrying elsewhere for two years.The sarpanch told TOI that both the families agreed to the panchayat's verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15383836", "title": "Govt buys more time on Gujjar quota issue", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Monday failed to file a reply on the issue of special backward classes (SBC), including Gujjars, being granted 1% quota allegedly without any official order. The Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti led by Kirori Singh Bainsla, at the same time, claimed that the state government assured it that the SBC's 1% quota being within the 50% limit set for total reservation was unaffected by the high court judgment of December 2010.A petition was moved before the high court last week challenging the 1% quota in government jobs being given to the SBC communities on the basis of a department of personnel's order dated May 6, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15381770", "title": "BMC gave in to builder's pressure: BJP", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days after the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) passed a proposal to chop down 481 tress for a housing project in Goregaon (E), BJP corporators on Monday accused the civic administration of buckling under pressure from the developer and walked out of a general body meeting after mayor Sunil Prabhu refused to discuss the matter.BJP party president Raj Purohit will meet municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte on Tuesday to ask him to revoke the sanction.\"The municipal chief has reasoned that the builder will transplant trees. We want to ask how many transplanted trees have survived so far. Trees are life-givers and should be conserved. We were planning to gherao the commissioner's cabin on Monday but he wasn't present,\" said BJP leader Dilip Patel.Last year, the BMC had allowed Kingston Properties of the Oberoi group to remove 278 trees for the same housing project. Friday's decision took the total number of trees axed for the project to 759.Vikas Oberoi, managing director of Oberoi Constructions, had told TOI on Friday, \"The Oberoi group has always followed the law and has a record of each and every tree that has been removed and the tree that has been planted in its place.\"The point of order on Monday was raised by BJP corporator Ameet Satam. When Prabhu did not allow any discussion on the subject in the House, all BJP corporators voiced their dissent and walked out.Satam said amendments were made to the agenda a night before the Tree Authority meeting and the members did not get enough time to go through the proposal. \"Our objections were dismissed and the proposal was passed without our consent. According to norms, the agenda of a meeting should be given to all Tree Authority members at least three days in advance,\" said Satam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15381796", "title": "Lawmakers' posers to top cop", "text": "PATNA: In what appears set to cause much discomfiture to Bihar Police, a group of Bihar assembly members on Monday wrote an open letter, addressed to DGP Abhayanand and containing 17 posers on the infamous gang rape on camera of a school pass-out by her friends reportedly at a flat in Rajvanshi Nagar in Patna on June 14.The MLAs, belonging to the RJD, have asked the DGP:* Under what circumstances the police chose to look the other way when a TV channel on July 12 continuously telecast the blurred video footage of the gang rape which is a cognizable offence?* Why the police failed to institute a case even after the then City SP, Kim, visited the office of the TV channel, procured a copy of the CD and informed you (the DGP) on July 12 itself?* A delegation of the State Women's Rights Commission visited the victim, recorded her statement and met you with a request to lodge an FIR. Why did you tell them that no action could be initiated in a rape case unless the victim filed a complaint despite the fact that the police could have acted even suo motu in such a case?* Even when the women's commission procured a signed statement from the victim on July 18, why did the police lodge a flawed FIR and did not include the names of Saurabh and Sushant who figure in her statement recorded by a court under Section 164 CrPC?* The five arrested boys belong to humble families. The father of sixth one, Sushant, is a senior official in Jharkhand. Saurabh's father is also said to be an influential person. Was this the reason behind the police bid to shield Sushant (initially) and Saurabh (till date)?* Why Saurabh has not been arrested and his identity being concealed?* How can the police say Sushant's domestic help Dinesh Paswan is Saurabh whereas Dinesh has said in his statement that Saurabh is a fair-complexioned, handsome boy and resides in a government quarter near the Hanuman Mandir?* Why have the police not seized the cellphone with which the gang rape was filmed?* Why have the police arrested only six boys whereas the girl's statement before the court hints at the involvement of eight boys?* Who are Saurabh and Rishabh to save whom the police are making new stories every now and then?* Why the police did not allow the media to take photographs of the room which, according to the police, was the place of occurrence?* What is the name of the owner of the Scorpio vehicle which was used to ferry the girl? Have the police interrogated him? If yes, what information did the police get from him?* After watching the CD and on the basis of the statement of servant Dinesh Paswan, it is crystal clear that these persons are \"professional rapists\" who must have ruined the lives of many girls. Have the police tried to know about their other victims?* Who are the police personnel and political bigwigs whose patronage these rapists were enjoying?* Will the chief minister follow the 'rajdharma' (and ensure justice to the girl)?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15382550", "title": "Centre enables more bone marrow transplants", "text": "BANGALORE: A techie-couple's world was shattered when their 8-month-old daughter was diagnosed with leukemia. She was given chemotherapy, but the only treatment which could save her life was a bone marrow transplant (BMT). As she was an only child, she couldn't get it from a sibling, and was given unrelated bone marrow transplant in December 2012. Now, she has completely recovered in the past six months.Sharing her case study, Dr Sharat Damodar, consultant haematologist and head of the Bone Marrow Transplant Unit (BMTU) at Narayana Hrudayalaya's Mazumdar Shaw Cancer Center, said: \"Bone marrow transplant has become a necessity to treat diseases like leukemia, thalassemia, sickle cells disease, aplastic anemia, etc. Worldwide, 25,000-30,000 allogenenic (from sibling) BMT and 15,000 unrelated BMT are done. We saved this infant only because of the technology.\"Dr Damodar was speaking at the inauguration of the upgraded BMTU, from 4 to 14 beds, on Monday.\"About 8,000-10,000 children in India are born with thalassemia major every year. The only options besides BMT are repeated blood transfusion and chelation therapy which are very expensive. BMT is the only hope for a cure. With BMT, about 90-95% cases of thalassemia major and type III thalassic children can be cured,\" said Dr Devi Prasad Shetty, chairman, Narayana Hrudayalaya.Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, chairperson, Biocon , said: \"This centre will make a huge difference to millions of people suffering from diseases curable only by BMT.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382225", "title": "Maharashtra to seek Centre's nod for projects", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is likely to push for speedy clearance of several vital projects with PM Manmohan Singh , who is scheduled to visit Mumbai some time this month.The upcoming airport at Navi Mumbai, the Virar-Alibaug corridor, Mumbai trans-harbour link, coastal road, Metro and monorail projects are some of the projects facing environmental, land and funding hurdles. A detailed presentation to seek these clearances for these projects from the PM is being prepared by chief secretary JK Banthia. Singh is likely to visit either August 18 or August 19.The government will also update Singh over the progress of these projects, many of which are at the planning stage, rest are dragging because of multiple factors. The environmental clearance would be needed for the ambitious coastal road and Nahva-Sheva Trans Harbour Link projects. While the Metro and Mono Rail projects are facing land hurdles as several affected parties have gone to the court against state's land, resettlement and rehabilitation policies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15382819", "title": "Protest against gambling costs youth his life", "text": "KOLKATA: Drunken miscreants on Sunday evening severely thrashed a 21-year-old youth for daring to protest against their gambling and drunken brawl at Brick Kiln No 3 of Maheshtala's Nayabastee in South 24-Parganas' Ward 7. The victim succumbed to his injuries at Garden Reach State General Hospital late on Sunday night.Irritated by the commotion made by the goons, the victim - Sheikh Suddan - on Sunday came out of his house and found the youths engaged in gambling fighting bitterly among themselves over the fate of a game. He protested against their use of filthy language and threatened to lodge a complaint with police.\"Suddenly, they turned the heat on Suddan and started beating him mercilessly. As my son fell on the ground, they kicked him all over. We rushed to his rescue but before we could do anything, the boy fell unconscious. Only then the group rushed out of the place,\" said Suddan's father Sk Fida Hossain.It was only after the attackers caused enough damage to Suddan that the onlookers mustered courage and rescued him. They then rushed a bleeding and unconscious Suddan to Garden Reach State General Hospital, where he succumbed to his injuries late at night. After the news of his death spread, people in the locality erupted in anger and staged a gherao at Rabidra Nagar police station.Locals alleged the area had become a den of criminals over the years. Drunken brawls had become a regular phenomenon and girls were teased on a daily basis. According to sources, a woman was also raped in that area some time back. Complaints had been lodged many a times, but police allegedly failed to take any decisive step to stop these activities.Fida Hossain alleged that people did not dare to protest against these goons as local political leaders patronized them. \"They do whatever they want. Women do not feel safe to pass by them. My son died as he dared to protest their activities,\" he added.Hari Mohan Singh , a local Congress leader, said, \"All these miscreants are backed by the ruling Trinamool Congress. They think that they are over the law of the land and that police cannot touch them. I came to know that Sk Kamal, the brother of a Trinamool ward committee leader, was one of the attackers. Complaints of rape and molestation at this brick kiln were lodged earlier, but no steps were taken.\"However, local Trinamool block president Sabyasachi Basu denied involvement of any Trinamool worker in this incident. \"It was a fall-out of an internal brawl between two gangs. There was no gambling or any act of protest. The incident happened at the time of Iftar. People were busy organizing Iftar,\" he reasoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15382463", "title": "Elevated rail corridor may run up to Mantralaya or Nariman Point", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Railways' move to service the ever-growing commuters of this megapolis by running an Oval Maidan-Virar elevated rail corridor may get a further push, as it is now planning to extend it to either Mantralaya or Nariman Point. The railways has set a deadline of March 2013 for finalizing the bidder for the Rs 21,000-crore project and will also integrate Oval Maidan station with Metro's stop at Hutatma Chowk for providing better connectivity.A project information memorandum along with the request for qualification document for the 62.27-km Oval Maidan-Virar elevated rail corridor has proposed extending it up to the premier business district Nariman Point or the seat of power at Mantralaya to serve thousands of people who come here daily for work.\"Nariman Point is a big catchment area as thousands of people now have to depend on road transport to reach Churchgate or CST station. Although the cost of building underground network beyond Oval Maidan can be enormous, the benefits are huge because of lack of mass transit facility in this part of South Mumbai. It will attract commuters travelling short as well as long distance on this corridor,\" a Western Railway official said.A final decision on extending the corridor to Nariman Point or Mantralaya will be taken after a technical and financial feasibility study is done.\"The study will identify the route, the length of extension and location of the proposed station. The elevated option will have to be ruled out because land acquisition is improbable due to real estate prices. Besides, presence of property with heritage value around the proposed corridor limits the option only to underground,\" a senior railway official said.\"As of now, the board has cleared the project between Oval Maidan and Virar. The call to extend the elevated rail corridor up to Nariman Point or Mantralaya can be taken at a later stage also,\" the official said.Currently, the proposed corridor will be underground between Oval Maidan and Mahalaxmi-a distance of around 8km or 12%-and will be at an elevated level for almost 43km or 68%. The rest of the distance-around 12km or 20%-will be at grade or ground level along the existing tracks between Santa Cruz to Vile Parle, Dahisar to Mira Road, Bhayander to Vasai and at Virar, where the service will terminated.There will be an inter-change connectivity with Colaba-Bandra Metro, which will be between Hutatma Chowk station for Metro and Oval Maidan for the elevated rail. The Metro will run via CST, Chandanwadi, Mumbai Central and Mahalaxmi.\"Due to integration of Hutatma Chowk station of Metro with Oval Maidan, commuters can use a combination of these two or other transport system to move in this part of South Mumbai that boasts of top commercial establishments, the high court and Mantralaya,\" the official said.Of the 26 stations, five will be underground, 19 elevated and two at grade level. There will be no stations at Marine Lines, Grant Road and Vile Parle. The underground stations for double-line route have been planned around island platforms, while all elevated and ground level stations will have side platforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15384032", "title": "Panchayat bars youth from marrying", "text": "ROHTAK: A social panchayat of 12 villages in Dadri block has barred a youth of Sanwar village from marrying for two years for daring to snap the engagement which was arranged by his family. The girl's family approached the panchayat and sought 'justice' following which the panchayat imposed a two-year marriage ban on the boy.One Ishwar Sharma of Sanwar village had proposed marriage of his son to a girl of Bhiwani about a month back. After the families agreed to the match, the engagement ceremony was held.However, the groom, who has been working with his father in fields after completing his graduation, reportedly came to know that the girl was 'unstable'. After this, he snapped the ties and conveyed their decision to the bride.Village sarpanch Rameshwar Singh informed that the girl's father Ram Mehar Sharma got upset over the matter and moved to panchayat. The panchayat of 12 adjoining villages found Ishwar 'guilty' of not taking the families into confidence before breaking the ties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15385741", "title": "Ellen Page receives death threats on Twitter", "text": "Actress Ellen Page has been receiving death threats by a jealous fan of 'True Blood' actor Alexander Skarsgard .The 25-year-old star met Skarsgard while filming 'The East' and the pair was spotted together in Los Angeles in June.The actress received a tweet, which threatened that she will be murdered if she continues seeing the 35-year-old, the Sun reported.\"I'm going to murder Ellen Page. She's dead,\" the tweet said.\"Ellen Page if you continue to date Alexander I will K-1-L-L you in public in the next year... Be it in a club, at a game, in a restaurant, or when you're signing autographs,\" another chilling threat said.The 'Juno' star has turned the messages over to detectives in LA who have launched an inquiry.The threats also coincided with a call to organizers of the LA Film Festival threatening to go and \"kill Page\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "15382198", "title": "Uttarakhand flood claims Kalyan man", "text": "KALYAN: A 47-year old labour contractor from Kalyan is one among those who died in the flood at Uttarakhand where he had gone with his four friends on a trip.Bachu Chavan, 47, from Kalyan's Chikanghar area, had gone to Uttarakhand last month along with his four friends Ramesh Tendulkar, Umesh Tendulkar, Sachdev Kamble and Mahadev Sontake.On Sunday night after visiting Yamnotri the group was going towards Gangotri when part of a hill fell on the road in which Chavan suffered head injury and he fell 50 feet into the valley.He was declared dead before the military team went to rescue him.Chavan is survived by his wife, two daughters and one son. On Monday afternnon, Chavan's family left the city for Amedkar Nagar to conduct his last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15383664", "title": "60 welfare workers arrested, released", "text": "MADURAI: Police took into custody 60 makkal nala paniyalargal (public welfare workers), including 29 women, who were seeking the state government to reinstate them. Makkal Nala Paniyalargal Association had called for a demonstration to fill the prisons over their long-pending demand of reinstating them back to work, as per the court orders. They charged that they were suffering from penury after the AIADMK government dismissed them following the regime change. They expressed frustration against the successive state governments for their callous attitude towards them. The workers also said that they were the only ones who were dismissed three times as the previous regime failed to make them permanent.Addressing media persons before courting arrest, state president of the association, N Chellapandian said that the state government is adamant to reinstate 13,600 workers though the court ordered their reinstatement. \"Without any source of income, our families are forced to live in penury and untold misery so we have decided to go to prison so that at least government will provide some food for us,\" he rued.While the state government has announced the filling of pending vacancies in the government, why is the state government hesitant to reinstate the workers against court verdict? he asked. \"If the government fails to consider our protest, we have decided to go on a fast-unto-death in Chennai from September 10. We will either get back our work or we will die struggling,\" he added.Police sources said the arrested were kept in a marriage hall in New Natham Road till evening and were released. The agitating workers are said to return on Tuesday as well for the same cause and the police received information in this regard, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15384012", "title": "3 students hand over admission order to KEA", "text": "MANGALORE: Just a day after the Karnataka Examination Authority (KEA) announced the option of handing over the allotted seats for undergraduate professional courses, three engineering candidates handed over their admission orders at National Institute of Technology Karnataka in Surathkal, a CET helpline center.KEA nodal officer C Suresh Thunga said interested candidates can handover the admission orders on or before August 10. KEA will deduct Rs 5,000 from the fees amount and will refund the remaining amount. In NITK, documents verification of 4,563 rank holders' has been completed and it issued 2,920 admission orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15383127", "title": "Catholic Gymkhana suffer defeat in MDFA League", "text": "MUMBAI: Unbeaten Catholic Gymkhana suffered their first defeat in four games as they went down fighting 0-1 to Sahar Silver Star in a Third Division match of the Mumbai District Football Association League, played at the St. Xavier's ground, Parel on Monday. Rajeev Yadav netted the winner in the first half of the match.Results: Dahisar United 2 (Hardik Mistry, Rushubn Trivedi) drew with R.N. Rainbow 2 (Kunal Yadre, Kiran Sawant); Alfresco FC 1 (Nelson Fernandes) drew with Aristocrat FC 1 (Jay Shah); Sahar Silver Star 1 (Rajeev Yadav) beat Catholic Gymkhana 0.Vodafone triumph: Simran Kharade scored the lone goal to help Vodafone defeat Deutsche Bank 1-0 in the final and clinch the Ladies Cup in the 5th Standard Chartered Indoor Corporate Soccer Championship 2012, at the Central Railway Multipurpose Complex, Parel.Celtic in quarters: Yabsir Mustafa's twin strikes enabled unbeaten Celtic 7070 FC blank All Stars FC 2-0 in a pool 'C' match of the 9th Bandra West Football League 2012 conducted by the Bandra West Football Association at the Dr. Norman Lewis Supari Talao Municipal ground.Four make ARS cut: Ashish Sharma (SKP High School), Prathamesh Rokade (ICLES MJ College), Porus Shroff (HR College) and Aditya Mishra (St Aloysius School) made the final cut as Mumbai's 'Airtel Rising Stars' after the three-day under-16 football talent hunt ended on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15381248", "title": "Last obstacle gone, work on ropeway to start by month-end", "text": "INDORE: With the district administration handing over one hectare land to forest department for compensatory afforestation near Bio-diversity Park on Monday, construction of a ropeway at Ralamandal Wildlife Sanctuary is expected to start by August-end.DFO Saeed Khan said, \"Now a proposal for the ropeway will be sent to eco-tourism department in next few days. Thereafter, eco-tourism department will issue tender for the project in two weeks.\" He added that the availability of land for compensatory afforestation was the last glitch in the way of ropeway. It will be constructed in public private partnership.In February this year, the Supreme Court Empowered Committee on Wildlife had given its nod for the construction of ropeway from Devguraria to Ralamandal Wildlife Sanctuary. However, since then the matter was stuck due to non-availability of land. Recently, forest minister Sartaj Singh had raised the issue with collector Aakash Tripathi following which administration speeded up the process and handed over the land to forest department.Khan told TOI that the ropeway will be around 1,800 meter starting from Devguraria to Ralamandal for which some trees will be cut down at Devguraria. \"We will use modern technology for the construction of ropeway under which minimum poles will be installed. Thus, only a few trees will be cut down. Not a single tree will be felled in Ralamandal, while a few might be cut down at Devguraria,\" he said adding that to compensate for the loss, nearly 1,600 saplings will be planted at the land given by the district administration.The ropeway is expected to cost around Rs 8 crore with the annual maintenance cost of around Rs 1 lakh. Initially, two rope vans with the capacity of around five to 10 people will be installed. The number of rope vans will be increased depending on the footfall.Eco-tourism department is of the view that picturesque Ralamandal Sanctuary might emerge as an important tourist destination in the state. \"Being close to the city, it may be developed as an attractive hang-out for Indoreans,\" an official from the department said adding that the ropeway would probably start functioning in the next six months.He further added that the ropeway will be developed around the circumference of Ralamandal. It will start from Devguraria and culminate at Devguraria enroute Ralamandal. Only 0.1 hectare land on the hill top of the sanctuary will be used for it and it will not affect wildlife sanctuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15383393", "title": "Robbers shoot at 3 outside Noida mall", "text": "NOIDA: Armed robbers trying to escape with a booty of Rs 15 lakh shot at three persons outside the busy Great India Place mall in Noida, before two of them were caught and beaten up by a mob on Monday.Two of the three who received bullet injuries are battling for life. The third, a constable , sustained a minor injury on the face. According to the police , the three accused had snatched a bag containing Rs 15 lakh from a staffer of a cash collection agency who had just collected the money from Home Town store in the mall. Satender Kumar, the executive of Writer's Safeguard, was walking up the ramp towards the exit gate when he was accosted by Vikram Singh , the alleged mastermind of the robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15381820", "title": "Fine art: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation holds recycling workshop", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has opened a national workshop with the JNTU, University of Fine Arts for production of art from scrap as part of activities undertaken to promote the COP 11 meet.The artwork-from-scrap project has been taken up with an eye on the Conference of Parties to the Convention on Biodiversity (COP 11), to be hosted by the city in October this year. Nearly 52 biodiversity themes have been created by students since July 23 and the workshop would conclude in a week.Mayor Majid Hussain and GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu visited the workshop at RTC scrap depot in Boduppal on Monday.The mayor said that the articles and sculptures made at the workshop send out the perfect message urging full utilisation of resources. He lauded the artists and students at JNTU Fine Arts for creating something new out of scrap.The commissioner said that students from various universities and sculptors from across the country, mostly from the fine arts background, were participating in the workshop that aims to create awareness on the importance of biodiversity.The commissioner said that APSRTC, which has a large scrapyard, had helping GHMC with the space for the endeavour.Krishna Babu said that a workshop on stone sculpture would start at JNTU, Masab Tank on August 8 and continue for a month with a similar biodiversity theme.He said artwork made from scrap would be installed at major parks, important junctions and other public spaces in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad / bangalore", "code": "15382602", "title": "Somasekhara Reddy held in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD / BANGALORE: BJP legislator G Somasekhara Reddy was arrested on Monday in Hyderabad in a cash-for-bail deal involving huge payment to get bail for his jailed mining baron brother and former minister G Janardhana Reddy.He was arrested by the Anti-Corruption Bureau of Andhra Pradesh in Hyderabad after questioning for the fourth consecutive day. He's the second of three Reddy brothers, who just a year ago were dictating terms to the ruling BJP in Karnataka, to go behind bars.Janardhana Reddy has been in prison since September 5 last year, and currently in Bangalore's Parappana Agrahara jail. He's facing illegal mining cases in Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. His jail stay has been extended till Sept. 7 by the court trying him in the illegal mining case in Karnataka.Somasekhara, an MLA from Bellary Urban constituency, is the 11th accused and the second Karnataka legislator arrested in the case. The ACB on July 31 arrested TH Suresh Babu of represents Kampli constituency in Bellary district.Somasekhara, the second accused in the case, along with Suresh Babu and Dasaradharami Reddy, had allegedly bribed CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao for granting bail to Janardhana Reddy in an illegal mining case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15383576", "title": "Six sites marked for Durga Puja in CR Park", "text": "NEW DELHI: South Delhi Municipal Corporation has decided to earmark six parks in Chittaranjan Park for Durga Puja samitis during the festive season. The decision was taken in the House meeting of the South corporation on Monday. According to Rajesh Gehlot, chairman of standing committee , South corporation, \"There are six samitis which have been organizing pujas in these parks for the past 30-40 years. We have decided that during Durga Puja these parks will be booked only for organizing the puja during the festive period. We have to help people organize religious events.\"Though the proposal has been passed in the House, South corporation officials claim that it has to be examined by the administrative wing. Officials say that they have received request for granting permission for Durga Puja in six parks in CR Park in July. Following this, the corporation took out a public notice inviting suggestions /objections in this regard on July 21.\"We have received a lot of applications in this regard. But a final decision would be taken after going though the applications. Though the House has passed the resolution, we have to evaluate it,\" said an official. Sources say that these six parks are not listed among the parks which can be booked for organizing function. \"The civic agency gives special permission for organizing religious activity,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15382938", "title": "Uranium in Malwa waters: HC seeks expert report", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking up the issue of uranium content in Malwa waters, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday directed former engineer of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation ( ONGC ) I S Kalsi to submit his report on the issue.The directions were made by a division bench headed by acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh, after hearing I S Kalsi, who had appeared before the bench claiming that he had carried out extensive study on the matter. Kalsi submitted that a comprehensive report was brought to the notice of the authorities concerned in Punjab but they failed to take any action on the basis of his findings.The matter reached the HC through a PIL filed by Mohali resident Brijender Singh Loomba, who had sought directions for adequate relief to the affected people and kids due to discharge of uranium in water and soil of district Bathinda, Faridkot and Ludhiana districts of Punjab. The petition had also sought directions for investigation to find out the source of leakage of radioactive material uranium in drinking water and steps required to check the spread of radioactive material and uranium in environment in the state.Importantly, Bhabha Atomic Research Center (BARC) has already submitted that a recent study carried out in uranium-affected areas of Punjab showed that the RO system was highly effective in removing uranium from water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15382832", "title": "More facilities sought to handle additional UG rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government's decision to increase around 25% seats in conventional undergraduate courses in state universities and colleges has definitely given respite to the students. However, city's prominent colleges are not happy. Instead, they have requested the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to provide them adequate infrastructure and immediately appoint teachers, so that quality of higher education is in place.Principal National PG College, SP Singh said, \"We are ready to increase the seats, but for that we at least need nine more classrooms, and around 15 more teachers. We just cannot admit students and compromise with the quality of teaching. The existing teachers in the college are already overburdened.\" The college has a total strength of 550 students in BA, 440 in BCom and 300 in BSc in first year.Take the case of Jai Narain PG College (JNPG) which caters to nearly 9,000 UG students. Out of 117 sanctioned posts of teachers, 53 are still to be filled up.\"We are already facing severe shortage of teachers and with increase in the seats, how can we do justice with the students,\" questioned SD Sharma, principal, JNPG College. The college already has 1,080 seats in BA, BCom and 840 in BSc in the first year.Similarly, GC Mishra, principal, Bappa Sri Narain Vocational (BSNV) PG College said, \"How can the government expect us to run classes for the newly enrolled students, especially in science, without labs? To top it, there is severe shortage of teachers. Therefore, filling up the posts is the need of the hour.\" The college needs 49 more appointments as of now. \"We total have 72 sanctioned posts for teachers and of those 49 are vacant. With another 25% students coming in, the situation will be unimaginable,\" said Mishra.Principals say that if on a given day, all students turn up to their colleges, there would be no adequate space for them to accommodate. \"Most colleges lack basic infrastructure - proper building, classrooms, labs, library, and toilets. Barring the few top ones, there is hardly any quality of education, which is being provided. Merely increasing the seats would not serve the purpose,\" said a college teacher.College authorities strongly feel that if quality is to be maintained, then the government should immediately begin the recruitment of teachers. But the exercise seems to be a distant dream as the government has made compulsory a written test followed by an interview for being appointed in a college. And this is sure to take several years, said teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "madurai/tirunelveli", "code": "15383638", "title": "Hiroshima Day observed in Madurai, postcard campaign in Idinthakarai", "text": "MADURAI/TIRUNELVELI: The 67th anniversary of the world's first nuclear bomb attack on Hiroshima in Japan was observed here on Monday. To mark the occasion, a four-day peace exhibition titled, 'Let's Save Mother Earth Without Atom Bombs', has been organised by the Tamil Nadu Science Forum at the Gandhi Memorial Museum in the city.Amidst the eerie silence in the hall, visitors, including school children, were seen reflecting on the photographs of the calamity in Hiroshima that were on display. The exhibits begin with the then US president, Roosevelt signing the declaration of war against Japan which led to the bombing of Hiroshima on this day in 1945. Many of the photographs narrate telling stories - how innocent people including children died due to the impact and the scar that the atomic bomb left on the buildings and the lives of the people.The footnote below a photograph of the rusted tricycle of three-year-old Shinichi Tetsutani and the footnote explains how the child died due to the bomb, while playing behind his house. Upon finding the dead body of his son, the father buried the child and the tricycle which was later excavated to be placed at the Hiroshima memorial. The exhibition ends with the revival of the city to hold the 12th Asian Games in 1994 and the quotes of Mahatma Gandhi on the Hiroshima bombing.The organisers also arranged a training session for school children on Origami, to make the peace bird - a crane. The eager school children penned their signatures against the nuclear culture on a white poster in the hall. A third standard boy from a local school, who was eagerly scribbling in the poster responded that a huge bomb was dropped on Japan, on this day, but struggled to recollect the year. \"It took place many years ago...and these pictures tell the story of many children who died,\" he says innocently.Meanwhile at Idinthakarai, where villagers are fighting against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP), a candlelight procession was carried out around the village to mark Hiroshima Day along with a postcard campaign. Hundreds of children wrote to the Russian ambassador in Delhi asking him to provide them a copy of the inter-government agreement (IGA), the agreement signed between Russia and India on nuclear liability. On Monday, about 2,000 villagers from Idinthakarai, Koodankulam, Kuthenkazhi, Perumanal, Kootapuli, Uvari and Vijayapathi sent the postcards.S P Udayakumar, convener of People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) said that the local people should know the liability of the governments on the nuclear project. \"Our children have sent the postcards to the Russian ambassador asking to reveal the liability factor in IGA and we have also written letters to MPs of Tamil Nadu and Kerala to take up the issue of liability factor in IGA,\" he said. \"Article 13 of the IGA states very clearly that Russia will not be held liable for any accident at the Koodankulam nuclear power plants. Indian government does not want to give a copy of the IGA to the people of Koodankulam. We do not know why? What is so secret about it?\" Udayakumar said.Earlier in the day, Viduthalai Chiruthaikal Katchi founder, Thol Thirumavalavan participated in the ongoing struggle against the nuclear plant and addressed the people. He expressed his solidarity with the people and assured to bring up the matter in the monsoon session of the Parliament. \"He told us that though he belonged to the ruling UPA alliance, he is with the people and would support their cause against the nuclear projects,\" Udayakumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15381483", "title": "Nagpur University reschedules undergraduate, postgraduate pharma exams", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University (NU) has rescheduled the undergraduate and postgraduate exams of pharmacy after the expose of a cheating racket at Agnihotri College of Pharmacy. Over 1,000 students are likely to be affected due to the postponement of these supplementary exams, which were being conducted early as part of a pilot project to save an academic year of students.Registrar Mahesh Yenkie, with additional charge of controller of examinations (COE) in the absence of Siddharth Kane, said that since the exam centre was changed to Yashwant Vidyalaya in Wardha after the racket, the university has decided to postpone the examinations to be held on Monday, August 6, to make preparations at the new centre. According to the new time table, seven papers of first and final year BPharm and MPharm-I have been rescheduled to August 27.NU's fact finding panel comprising medicine dean Pramod Yeole, Board of Studies (BOS) chairman Arun Patil and MA Tajne from NU's department of pharmacy had recommended cancellation of the exam centre and re-examination of Pharmaceutical Chemistry-I (Organic) paper held on August 1, the day when the racket was first unearthed by Wardha police.At least 10 boys and six girls from Agnihotri College were caught red-handed solving a question paper by referring books at a student's home in Ram Nagar area late in the night. The boys were charged under Maharashtra Prevention of Malpractices at University, Board and other Specified Examinations Act, 1982.Over 250 students from the centre had appeared for the exam. \"Not only this paper, but also the first paper of BPharm Pharmaceutics-I (general and disposing) which was held on July 30 could be rescheduled, but the decision is yet to be taken by Board of Examinations (BoE) and the vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal,\" Yenkie added.According to Wardha police, the college authorities, including teaching and non-teaching staff, were also part of this racket. The failed students had been asked to shell out Rs15-Rs20,000 for clearing a single subject by the team and even college management - Jai Mahakali Shikshan Santha - was believed to have protected the racketeers for all these years.(With inputs by Manka Behl)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-07"}
