{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380657", "title": "Anita Advani files police complaint over Rajesh Khanna's will", "text": "MUMBAI: Anita Advani, who claims she was close to the late superstar Rajesh Khanna , has now filed a police complaint questioning the validity of his will.On Saturday, Advani asked the police to register a case of cheating, forgery, assault and criminal force and other offences against his family members, including widow Dimple Khanna .\"If the police do not register an FIR by Tuesday, we will move court,\" said her lawyer.The Khanna family's lawyer was not reachable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17381185", "title": "Pharma legend I A Modi passes away, legacy lives", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Veteran industrialist and chairman of Cadila Pharmaceuticals-Indravadan Modi passed away on Monday. He was 87. The cremation will take place at the company's Dholka campus near Ahmedabad on Wednesday at 3 pm.Doctors said that Modi's last attack of illness was triggered by a respiratory problem. \"He had developed a lung disease which worsened due to an infection. He was hospitalized for three weeks. Since his condition continued to deteriorate, he was put on ventilator for the last nine days,\" said a doctor at Apollo Hospital. Interestingly, doctors said that despite the lung disease, his heart remained 'rock solid'. \"It continued to beat till an hour after the ventilator support was pulled out,\" said doctors.Born in a small village of Hansot of Bharuch district in South Gujarat on February 18, 1926, Modi dared to foray into the pharma industry at a time when the myth was prevalent that Indian companies can not make medicines and 'angrezi dawa' was the word for allopathic medicine. He played a major role in giving shape to the 1986 Drug Policy of Government of India and is revered as the champion of the Indian Patent Act, 1970, which helped the Indian Pharmaceutical Industry in attaining its present global status. Having set up Cadila in 1951 at a young age of 25 with scarce resources, along with his classmate Ramanbhai Patel, they used to travel around Ahmedabad on a bicycle selling drugs manufactured by them in a 2BHK apartment. When the company split in 1995, both partners agreed to share the name-Cadila for their individual groups, namely Cadila Pharmaceuticals and Cadila Healthcare , which is now controlled by Patel's son Pankaj Patel .In June 1995, Modi had to begin his second innings in the pharmaceutical industry in his 70s but he kept working despite challenges and obstructions. He was one of the key promoters of the B. V. Patel Pharmaceutical Education and Research Development Centre (PERD), Ahmedabad.The tough veteran was a fitness freak, having scaled the highest mountain and visited Kailash Mansarovar five times. Modi's spiritual bent of mind was evident when every year in November, he lived a life of solitude for 21 days at an ashram. Modi was also passionate about horse riding and employees often found him riding a horse on the Cadila campus in his free time. Long before the concept of Corporate Social Responsibility came to being, Modi was practising it silently through the Kaka-Ba hospital for needy patients, established in 1985.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379147", "title": "AITUC warms up to private capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time since its inception in 1920, the CPI's trade union wing AITUC is all set to accept \"private capital\" at its 40th Congress to be held in Mumbai from November 27 to 30.The general secretary's report for the Mumbai session says: \"While the role of private capital is not ruled out, it is the state investment that is historically proved to be the most potent force.\"\"Never in the history of the world private capital, domestic or foreign, can be become the principal economic force for bringing about equitable growth,\" it adds, reiterating that while it may be a secondary need, even foreign private capital can be acceptable in some cases.This interesting deviation from its traditional line may be in keeping with the new Communist economic policies where it has to survive in the capitalist-dominated environs.In another interesting turn of events the Mumbai session has also decided to honour S A Dange, who was expelled by the CPI for supporting the Congress's imposition of Emergency. \"Among the prominent leaders emerged in course of time Comrade S A Dange became the most popular personality who had actually led AITUC for decades. His pioneering role in building the trade union movement in India, we remember with gratitude,\" the report says in its bid to revive Dange's legacy.The 40th session of AITUC will be attended by 3,000 delegates and leaders from most of the all-India trade unions including Tapan Sen (CITU), O Purohit (HMS) and B N Rai (BMS), whose participation comes in the backdrop of a joint general strike planned for 20 and 21 February, 2013, and a two-day programme for law violation on December 18, 19 that will culminate with a march to Parliament on December 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kendrapara", "code": "17381615", "title": "Blind faith spells doom for birds", "text": "KENDRAPARA: Crow pheasant and white-breasted waterhen are falling prey to poachers and superstition. There is danger lurking in Kendrapara and Jagatsinghpur districts where locals consume meat of these birds believing that it can cure tuberculosis and pulmonary ailments.\"These species are deliberately poisoned and poached for meat. If this continues unabated, the birds will soon feature in the extinct list of species,\" said Gahiruddin, an ornithologist.Crow pheasant and white-breasted waterhen, locally known as kumbhatua and dahuka respectively, are listed as endangered in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. The years have witnessed a decline in population of these two species.Village quacks often prescribe meat of these local birds for ailments which puts poachers into action. The birds are sold for anything between Rs 100 and Rs 200. Driven by stark poverty, people belonging to Kela tribe often hunt these birds and the forest officials have so far failed to put a check on such activities.\"Some believe meat of dahuka and kumbhatua can cure rheumatism,\" said Sudhanshu Parida, the secretary of the district unit of People for Animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380515", "title": "'Joshi pushing for Shivaji Park to save self-owned mill land'", "text": "MUMBAI: Aware that the on-going spat over a memorial for Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray memorial would complicate matters for the DF government, home minister R R Patil on Monday suggested that leaders of all political parties should come together and sort out the issue. The Sena wants the memorial to come up at the iconic Shivaji Park in Dadar.\"There has been considerable debate over the selection of a venue for the memorial. Politicians should sink their party differences and come together to hammer out a solution,'' the state home minister said.Asked about Sena leader Manohar Joshi's reportedly \"provocative\" comment on the issue, Patil said, \"I can understand a common man making such statements, but I never expected such remarks from an ex-Lok Sabha Speaker (Joshi).\"Joshi, while speaking to media on Sunday in Nashik, said if need arose, Shiv Sainiks should take the law into their hands to ensure that the late leader's memorial came up at Shivaji Park.Meanwhile, chief minsiter Prithviraj Chavan indicated that Joshi's statement on the memorial site will be examined by the government. Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee president Manikrao Thakre said Joshi's statement was aimed at shifting public attention from a demand that the memorial be set up on Kohinoor mill land which belongs to Joshi's construction group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382209", "title": "Chamber chief bats for Haldia", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal Chamber president Kallol Datta may have caused rumblings in the state's administrative set up recently by his comments on the deteriorating law and order but he has also stood by Mamata Banerjee on the issue of lifting the moratorium on investments in Haldia.On November 16, he wrote to Jayanthi Natarajan, Union minister of state (independent charge) for forests and environment, pointing out that the latest Comprehensive Environmental Pollution Index (CEPI) is well below the threshold of 70.\"Years ago, IIT Delhi developed CEPI. After studies, the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) recommended to the Government of India to impose a ban on new industrial projects or expansion of existing units in some 43 industrial clusters which had a CEPI higher than 70 and were therefore considered highly polluting. Haldia was one of them. A fresh study undertaken/commissioned by the CPCB on the pollution levels at Haldia revealed that the CEPI level is well below the threshold of 70,\" Datta states in his letter, a copy of which is with TOI.According to the Bengal Chamber president, the drop in pollution levels has been possible due to the persistent efforts of the West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) and large industrial units in Haldia to strive for a greener environment.\"CPCB's latest assessment report has been tabled with your office. The West Bengal government had approached your predecessor Jairam Ramesh and he had agreed to look into the matter and have the ban on industrial investment in Haldia reviewed or withdrawn. We were surprised to learn that the ban was extended indefinitely from March/April, 2012, instead. We would be grateful if the latest findings of CPCB are sent to us so we may share it with industry for appropriate steps. As representatives of industry, we can state that Bengal Inc, particularly at Haldia, behaves in a responsible manner for preservation of the environment,\" the letter further states.Copies of this letter have been sent to state commerce and industry minister Partha Chatterjee, Tamluk MP Subhendhu Adhikari and B K Dutta of the WBPCB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380778", "title": "Pratibha Cauvery sailors still in troubled waters", "text": "CHENNAI: Oil tanker Pratibha Cauvery, which ran aground off Elliot's Beach when Cyclone Nilam slammed into the Tamil Nadu coast on October 31, is now safely berthed in Chennai port but its sailors are still under the cosh.While six crew members died while trying to flee from the stricken ship, those who made it safely to shore have been detained in a hotel in the city by the CISF and have not been allowed to meet their families. Twelve newly-hired sailors on board the vessel are also under the guard of the paramilitary force, as the state police and the directorate-general of shipping have yet to complete their probes of the accident.The sailors on the ship are frustrated and angry. They are again running out of rations, as they were before the storm hit the ageing ship, and say Pratibha Shipping Company, the firm that owns the vessel, has abandoned them a second time. They are being put up by the National Union of Seafarers of India but fear that even the union may abandon them.\"The police officers investigating the case have to register an FIR so we can file complaints about the loss of our passports,\" said a sailor on condition of anonymity. \"Unless the FIR is registered we will have to stay in Chennai.\"The sailors say Pratibha CEO Sunil Pawar did not even try to contact them after the accident. \"We will go to court to get the wages and compensation that the company owes us,\" another sailor said. The sailors said they were being harassed by policemen.Sailors Helpline national coordinator V Manoj Joy said investigators are not taking into consideration the physical and mental stress that the crew members have been through.Port authorities have deployed a battalion of armed CISF men to guard the vessel the sailors have not been allowed off the ship.Will sell vessel and settle dues: Owner tells courtThe owner of Pratibha Cauvery has informed the Madras high court that he is ready to sell the vessel and settle all dues, including the compensation for the six sailors killed during Cyclone Nilam.When a batch of petitions filed by the family members of the deceased sailors and other surviving crew members of the ship came up for further hearing before Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, counsel for the Mumbai-based Pratibha Shipping Company said the vessel could be put on sale.The court may appoint a commissioner and sell the ship, which is valued around $4-6 million, he said. The proceeds could be deposited in the name of the high court registrar-general, and after settling the claims the remaining sum could be returned to the owners, he said.Earlier, S Prabakaran said the ship owners had not complied with the court's earlier orders to pay interim compensation to the victims, and added that the Centre was hand in glove with the shipping company. Noting that a ship not having the mandatory seaworthiness certificate was allowed to carry 25,000 tonnes of crude oil to a state oil marketing company, he said the issued should be probed thoroughly.S Vasudevan, counsel for nine surviving crew members, told the court that a separate petition has been filed for their salary dues and compensation.The matter has been posted for futher hearing on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17380061", "title": "Anand Pawar regains Scottish Open badminton title", "text": "NAGPUR: Anand Pawar may not be part of India's young generation of badminton players but the experienced campaigner keeps churning out fabulous results at the international circuit.Continuing with his impressive run this year, the Mumbai shuttler won the Scottish International Challenge tournament at the Emirates Arena in Glasgow , Scotland, Sunday night.In a fiercely fought men's singles final, Pawar rallied back splendidly to quell the spirited challenge from Kazumasa Sakai of Japan. Pawar, who was seeded No. 7, started disastrously but recovered well in time to outsmart No. 10 seed Japanese 10-21, 21-11, 21-17 in a match which lasted 56 minutes. The close win enabled the 26-year-old to pocket his second Scottish title after winning it the first time in 2010.It was Pawar's seventh international title so far and second in 2012. In April, he had won the French International tournament and finished runner-up at the Dutch Open, a week later.The way Pawar started the final, it never looked that he will going to win the title. Sakai, who had upset three seeds including top seed Tien Chen Chou of Chinese Taipei in earlier rounds, began aggressively and raced to an 11-1 lead in the first game. However, Pawar used all his experience to stage a remarkable recovery.\"It was a bit windy in the hall and hard to control the drift in the first game. But, once I got my game going in the second, I started to play better and with each point my control over the shuttle also got better. It is nice to win here again,\" Pawar told TOI from Glasgow.Except in the final, Pawar, world No. 55, did not drop a game in any of his five previous matches in the tournament.\"I am very satisfied with the win because I feel I was not playing my best today (on Sunday) but I still managed to win and that gives me a lot of confidence going ahead with my game. I played well throughout the tournament - playing smart at the net, which won me most of my points in all the six matches. Overall, I am very happy and glad I could pull this one off,\" added Pawar, who is an employee of Air India.Pawar, who trains at the Uday Pawar Badminton Academy based at the Goregaon Sports Club in Mumbai, thanked senior coach Tom John. \"Tom was present during my matches to help and guide me,\" said Pawar.Pawar's road to titleFirst round: Pawar bt Sam Dobson (ENG) 21-14, 21-7Second round: Pawar bt Blagovest Kisyov (BUL) 21-11, 21-16Third round: Pawar bt Erik Meijs (NED) 21-11, 21-15Quarterfinal: Pawar bt Flemming Quach (DEN) 22-20, 21-15Semifinal: Pawar bt 15-Rune Ulsing (DEN) 21-13, 21-9Final: Pawar bt 10-Kazumasa Sakai (JPN) 10-21, 21-11, 21-17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17380990", "title": "Bikers on stabbing spree attack 5, kill one", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Fifteen minutes, five victims and one dead. This was the toll of two rogue bikers, who went on a brief but deadly stabbing spree on Sunday night, unleashing terror in Amraiwadi area of Ahmedabad for no apparent reason.A 52-year-old teacher bled to death after being stabbed on the thigh. Ambalal Patel was standing by the roadside, talking to a friend when he was attacked. He was declared dead by doctors. Of the four surviving victims, two are hospitalized while the other two were sent home after first-aid treatment. Police officers seemed stumped by the killing, unable to determine the motive for the random stabbings.Additional police commissioner S G Bhati said, \"We have only one eyewitness in one of the five stabbings on Sunday night. He saw the assailants up close and says they seemed to be high on drugs because they were shivering and unsteady on their feet. The youth riding pillion got down to stab the teacher.\"The bizarre episode unfolded at 12.30 am when the city police control room got a call about a person being stabbed near CTM Crossroads. Within 15 minutes, four similar calls reached the police.\"The stabbers did not stop anyone, nor did they try to loot or talk to their victims. We have got a partial registration number of the bike and are using it to track down the killers,\" said Amraiwadi police inspector VK Zala. Bizarrely, all the victims were stabbed on the thigh.The first victim of the serial stabbers was Anand Sharma, 26, a railway employee who stays in Amraiwadi. Sharma had just finished work and was headed home when two youths on a motorbike crossed him. The bikers suddenly stopped and came back towards him. \"They drew up close and then circled around Sharma once before speeding away. Without him realizing what had happened, the youths had stabbed him in the thigh. Sharma panicked when he felt blood oozing out of a stab wound and soaking his trouser,\" said Zala.Just 50 metres away from the spot the second stabbing took place. Ambalal Patel, 52, a schoolteacher was standing by the roadside, talking to his friend Kalidas Patel. The two bikers drew close to them, the pillion got down and stabbed Ambalal from behind. The two men were shocked by this sudden turn of events.At that juncture a biker was approaching the same spot. When he saw the youth approaching him menacingly, wielding a knife he discarded his two-wheeler and fled the spot.The stabbers then fled towards Khokhra where they claimed their third victim - Mangesh Karwani, 26, who was standing near his bike. The youths stabbed the biker in the same manner. This time though they were on the move when the pillion stabbed Mangesh and sped away before he could even raise an alarm.The fourth victim was Bhimshah Bakley, 47, a resident of Amraiwadi. Bakley was crossing the road then. He too was stabbed by the bikers on the move. Initially, he did not realize that he had been stabbed. Later, when he felt his blood oozing and soaking his trouser, he started shouting for help.Near Anupam Cinema Jasmin Barot, 25, a home guard, was walking towards his home in Amraiwadi when he was attacked.\"He had just got his salary and since his bike had struck a puncture, he had decided to walk home. He too was stabbed from behind, in the back of his upper leg,\" said an Amraiwadi police official.All the five were rushed to the LG Hospital by passersby. Ambalal was declared brought dead.Additional police commissioner, sector II, S G Bhati said: \"Kalidas has seen the assailants up close. We shall take his help in identifying the suspects. By questioning him and the other victims we have got a partial number of the bike - 4515. We have sought details of all two-wheelers bearing these registration numbers from the RTO. We are also checking records of habitual stabbers in the city. It is clear that this is not a case of vengeance or loot. This seems to be the work of perverted people who might be suffering from some kind of psychological disorder.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380879", "title": "Babu draws with Mikhalio in Commonwealth Chess Championships", "text": "CHENNAI: Indian Grandmaster MR Lalith Babu drew his top board game with GM Oleksienko Mikhalio of Ukraine and moved in shared lead with 5.5 points after the sixth round of the Apollo Engineering College Commonwealth Chess Championships on Monday.Joining the duo on top of the points table at 5.5 points were top seed Sergei Tiviakov (the Netherlands), Adly Ahmed (Egypt), MR Venkatesh, P. Karthikeyan, Ram S. Krishnan (all India).Further half a point behind at 5.0 were Lintchevski Daniil, Alexander Fominyh (both Russia), Marat Dzhumaev (Uzbekistan), Mark Paragua (Philippines) S.P. Sethuraman, Sahaj Grover, M. Shyam Sundar, G. Akash, Kathmale Sameer, K. Rathnakaran, R. Arun Karthik and Ankit R. Rajpara (all India).The advanced Caro-Kann top board game between Mikhailo and Babu saw the higher rated Ukrainian Grandmaster playing for the initiative. His unorthodox style was well handled by Babu who snatched a perpetual check from a queen and double rook middle game.In the second board, joint leader Indian Grandmaster Sethuraman missed on an intervening combination that spelt his loss against former World Junior champion Adly Ahmed of Egypt.Following the Caro-Kann, as in the top board, albeit a different line, Sethuraman appeared to be better out of the opening. White's advanced pawns were pressing against Adly's centre, posing disturbing threats.But the deft handling of double bishops coupled with an exchange sacrifice on the 30th move tilted the game in favor of the Egyptian. Sethuraman gave up faced with the loss of bishop or queen on the 39th move.Chennai-based Krishnan brought down GM Norm holder Akshayraj Kore in a miniature game that lasted 21 moves. The Grunfeld game moved on theoretical lines before the players went into the middle game.Saddled with isolated pawns on the kingside, Ram went for maintaining his extra pawn. In what turned out to be a case of chess blindness, Akshayraj missed Ram's penetrating rook check and resigned faced with heavy loss of material.Results (Indians unless specified):Round 6: Oleksienko Mikhailo (Ukr) 5.5 drew with M R Lalith Babu 5.5, SP Sethuraman 5 lost to Adly Ahmed (Egy) 5.5, Sergei Tiviakov (Ned) 5.5 bt Sundararajan Kidambi 4.5, Ankit R Rajpara 5 drew with Lintchevski Daniil (Rus) 5, Marat Dzhumaev (Uzb) 5 drew with R Arun Karthik 5, Himanshu Sharma 4.5 lost to M R Venkatesh 5.5, S Arun Prasad 4.5 lost to P Karthikeyan 5.5, Ram S Krishnan 5.5 bt Akshayraj Kore 4.5, B Adhiban 4.5 drew with Padmini Rout 4.5, T Purushothaman 4 lost Mark Paragua (Phi) 5, Alexander Fominyh (Rus) 5 bt P Priya 4, J Ramakrishna 4.5 drew with Rolando Nolte (Phi) 4.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "17381755", "title": "Nagaland to host Asia Pacific Youth Hoho from Dec 7", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland will host the Asia Pacific Youth Hoho (APYH) 2012 from December 7 to 13 at Sechu Zubza, 15 km away from Kohima. The theme of this year's conference is \"A generation with responsibility\".Altogether 80 delegates from 18 countries- Australia, Afghanistan, Bhutan Cambodia, Canada, Fiji, Finland, Indonesia, India, Japan, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, South Korea, Sri Lanka , Taiwan, United Kingdom and Vietnam will attend the youth meet.This is the first time any northeastern state is hosting the Asia Pacific Youth Conference (APYC) christened APY-Hoho for the Nagaland edition.APYH Nagaland will focus on empowering individuals to become change-makers on the foundation of honesty, trust and integrity. APYH Nagaland will be a platform for youth from different parts of the Asia-Pacific region where they can come together and learn resulting in new initiatives for a better tomorrow.The conference programme will include plenary sessions, interactive sessions and reflection, community times, workshops, country/regional presentations, open space and outdoor activities. For workshops, the topics will be relating to music, leadership, family, art therapy and sensitivity training. Special sessions of nature walk, musical night and evening bonfire will also be held for the delegates.The delegates, mostly between the age group of 20 and 35 years will be arriving by the end of this month and the first week of December. The delegation from Fiji is expected to be the biggest. The resource persons for the conference include Vijitha Yapa, founder editor of The Island, the biggest circulated paper of Sri Lanka; Liu Ren Jou, Initiator of the Youth Leadership Training Programme called Action for Life and also the man who pioneered the Clean Election Campaign; Nador Lim, Trainer, Family Reconciliation who was recently awarded the 10th most outstanding Young Malaysian Award 2011; Leslie Nazareth, music teacher from Mumbai; Clara Cheong from Australia; Fr Abraham Lotha, Principal St Joseph's College, Jakhama and Kethoser Aniu Kevichusa, faculty Shalom Bible Seminary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "17381812", "title": "Rio calls for unity among the Nagas", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio called for unity of the Naga community to bring about development in the state. He hoped that people would take advantage of the government's programmes in promoting agriculture and its allied sectors so that the economy of the rural sections can be improved.Speaking at the Razaphema Village Day celebrations in Dimapur on Saturday, Rio appreciated the cooperation and support of the neighboring villages of Razaphema while asserting that cooperation of the people was responsible for the success of development initiatives.The CM announced an ongoing project where farmers can sell their produce at competitive rates by removing the middlemen at a post-production farmer facilitation centre located at Razaphema Basa village.Rio also announced that the new headquarters of the Barak Flamingos Football Club will be located at Razaphema Basa, which will give sportspersons of the area an opportunity to learn, interact and practice together. Upon his arrival, he inaugurated the new village gate and dedicated it to the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17381303", "title": "Ijtema ends with peace 'dua'", "text": "BHOPAL: The 65th Aalmi Tablighi Ijtema (World Islamic Congregation) concluded on Monday with a grand dua (prayer) for the well-being of the community, prosperity of the nation and peace and harmony across the world. The three-day Ijtema was held at Ghasipura in Entkheri on the outskirts of the state capitalThe dua was conducted by Maulana Zubair-ul-Hasan (Hazratji junior) of Hazrat Nizamuddin Markaz, New Delhi, in a mix of Arabic, Urdu and Hindi, who prayed particularly for those suffering from various diseases and asked devotees to follow the path of righteousness.Earlier, before the dua Maulana Zubair in his sermon urged Muslims to lead an upright life so that they could be rewarded in the life hereafter. He stressed them to become messengers of peace so that humanity at large could benefit from them.Over a million people are estimated to have joined the dua, the concluding prayers of the Ijtema this year, turning the site into a proverbial sea of humanity. Many people had to trek several kilometres to reach the site as vehicular traffic was not allowed to avoid congestion.During the three-day congregation renowned Islamic scholars including Maulana Saad-ul-Hasan, Maulana Ahmad Laat, Mualana Mustaqeem, Maulana Ismail and others delivered sermons on the life and practice of Prophet Muhammad and Islamic Shariat (law).Notably, the first Ijtema was organized at Masjid Shakur Khan in the walled city in 1948. Later, as the number of devotees went up, the venue was shifted to one of the largest mosques in Asia, Taj-ul-Masajid. However, with passage of time, the devotees taking part in the Ijtema grew in numbers and eventually the venue has been shifted to the outskirts of Bhopal at Ghasipura in Eintkhedi village.Schools register low attendanceA large number of students could not make it to their schools and colleges here on Monday due to shortage of buses. Some of the buses were requisitioned and attached for duty to ferry passengers at Ijtema. Around 30 schools were closed due to the conclusion of Ijtema on Monday.Most schools and colleges recorded low attendance as the students remained at home sensing the inconvenience. \"Around 150 buses were attached with Ijtema duty on Monday. They were requisitioned on Sunday evening and would only be back after the conclusion of the congregation on Monday night,\" informed Naseem Parvez, president School and College Bus Owners Association.Also, 90% school vans were booked for the Ijtema and hence school students had to face a rough time making it to school.Among the schools that were closed were Billabong High School, All Saint's School, Holy Family School, Red Rose and People's Public School among others. All school on Berasia Road were closed. Besides, the government schools under the Eintkhedi cluster had an unofficial leave as students and teachers could not make it to the schools due to the heavy rush on the final day of the congregation. Schools like Billabong High were closed as their buses were not available and hence children could not have made it to the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "17382215", "title": "Trinamool Congress bleeds in faction feud", "text": "DURGAPUR: Four trade union leaders were injured when members of a faction of Trinamool Congress were allegedly beaten up by their rivals on Monday over an accident at Khottadih the day before.\"Police are keeping a close watch on the situation.We've received an FIR, but are yet to make any arrests,\" said Asansol Durgapur ACP (east) S Muruggan.It is learnt that on Sunday, private dumper driver Utpal Pal had thrashed an ECL driver after the latter's hall-pack machine had collided with his dumper following which the Koyla Khadan Shromik Congress (KKSC), affiliated to the INTTUC, had stopped coal production.On Sunday, an ECL driver was beaten up after he rammed a dumper following which coal production was stopped. Twenty villagers of Khottadih allegedly attacked the leaders when a meeting was held on Monday to solve the issue. On Sunday, an ECL driver had rammed into a private dumper following which the driver was beaten up. As a mark of protest, coal production was stopped. To settle the issue, a meeting was convened on Monday. between ECL general manager S Mukherjee, manager B Karmakar and Trinamool leader Siddhartha Rana, KKSC secretary Uttam Mondal, INTTUC president (of Pandaveswar area) Biren Mukherjee and other Trinamool leaders like Rambali Choudhury and Dinesh Sharma.It was decided in the meeting that police will take steps against the errant private dumper driver and routes will be separated to avoid collisions in the future.The attackers were joined by their supporters in no time and they reportedly started firing and hurling bombs.Police and CISF personnel reached the spot and lathicharged to disperse the mob. Uttam Mondal and Rambali Choudhury were later admitted to the hospital whereas Dinesh Sharma and Biren Mukherjee escaped with minor injuries.While Uttam Mondal, Koyla Khadan Shromik Congress secretary, blamed Trinamool leader Siddhartha Rana for the attack, the latter denied the charges.From his hospital bed, Mondal alleged that Rana's supporters had attacked them around 9.30am on Monday.\"I will request our party leadership to remove him immediately,\" he added. Sharma added that local anti-socials of Khottadih and Kendra were backing the rival groups.Rana, however, dismissed the charges against him and said that local villagers were not happy with the outcome of the meeting and the attack was spontaneous. Police have also seized a live bomb from the spot.Police and CISF jawans are patrolling in the area. Production have started at around 11 AM today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17380873", "title": "Equipment lies defunct at ESIC hospital", "text": "INDORE: The patients visiting the Employees State Insurance Corporation Model Hospital at Nanda Nagar are a hapless lot. The X-ray machines and sonography machine at the centre have been lying defunct since long are adding woes to the patients. Since the two X-ray machines and one sonography machine are non-functional, the patients are being forced to get an X-ray done at the private diagnostic centres.According to sources, earlier only one X-ray machine was defunct but before the hospital authorities could act, another one too became non-functional. Now, hospital authorities have put on a notice on the premises that X-ray cannot be done at the hospital.Moreover, out of the two sonography machines in the hospital, one is non-functional. \"It cannot take the flow of patients coming in the hospital,\" said the source.When asked about the status of the machines, superintendent of the hospital Dr K C Vishwas said, \"I do not wish to comment on this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381791", "title": "Raid at SD Jain hostel makes room for 78", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Authorities of the Allahabad University raided the premises of SD Jain hostel, belonging to a trust, on Monday. After the raid, which was conducted peacefully without any resistance from inmates, the university authorities were successful in getting 78 vacancies of which 48 fresh inmates were accommodated in the hostel rooms.As per the programme announced earlier, university authorities arrived at the hostel along with a heavy police force. The team was led by chief proctor Mata Ambar Tiwari and his proctorial team members and searched every room removing those staying in the hostel illegally. In all, 78 seats were vacant in the hostel out of which 48 were given to eligible students and now there are 30 seats available in the hostel.University authorities would be conducting raid at Hindu Hostel, also belonging to trust, on November 27 (Tuesday).The raid would begun at 9 am as the hostel besides being quite large also has a number of rooms and most of the inmates staying illegally. The hostel, with a total capacity of 368 inmates, has 212 vacancies which have to be flushed of illegal occupants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17383673", "title": "'Zanjeer' remake faces legal problems", "text": "Amit Mehra has failed to pay his brothers who have terminated the remake contractThe remake of late Prakash Mehra's 1973 blockbuster Zanjeer being produced by his son Amit Mehra has run into hot water.Amit, who had bought the remake rights from his brothers-the elder one Sumeet who stays in the US and the younger sibling Puneet who stays in Mumbai - has defaulted on payments. Consequently, Sumeet and Puneet have terminated the contract that gave Amit there make rights in the first place.The Arbitrator upheld the termination of the contract, which is why Amit panicked and approached the Bombay High Court.As per the HC order (TOI has a copy), Amit has been given a reprieve to shoot the film. However, he cannot release the remake until further orders from the HC.Amit maintains he is making the payments and releasing the film. Puneet said, \"The matter is subjudice and I cannot elaborate on it.\"Rumour has it that Sumeet and Puneet are interested in upholding the Arbitration Order, interalia, termination of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17400332", "title": "Car accident claims lives of 3 youths", "text": "AURANGABAD: Three youths died in an accident after their car rammed into a stationary truck on Monday. The accident occurred around 4 am on Jalgaon-Shirdi highway, near Sillegaon area, in Gangapur taluka.Prakash Rajput (24), Sagar Asambe (24), Santosh Solanke (27) and Nikhil Patil were traveling to Shirdi when the car hit the truck which was standing on the road, police said.Rajput and Asambe died on the spot while Patil died when he was being treated at the Government Medical College and Hospital ( GMCH). Nikhil has injuries on his hands and a fractured leg.Assistant inspector D Y Maher said, \"Santosh was driving the car when it hit the truck. The truck was stationary as its engine had failed. The car hit the truck and the driver lost control. He then hit the toll booth.\"Maher said that the youths had left Jalgaon at 6 pm on Sunday and were on their way to Shirdi. A case has been registered with Sillegaon police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380438", "title": "I have requested Akhilesh to give me five minutes, says Girija Devi", "text": "LUCKNOW: The plains of Uttar Pradesh are more than a home to Girija Devi. \"Every grain of soil on this land is a memory to cherish, a lesson to learn and a legend to pass on,\" says the veteran singer. What ever she owes to Banaras and beyond has grown into a desire to return in the form of a Sangeet Ashram. However, the Uttar Pradesh government is yet to help the legend realise her wish despite making a commitment to this effect, while conferring Yash Bharti Award to her in 1994.Girija Devi waited almost for a decade for the government to fulfil its words. But the project didn't move an inch even on the files. A disheartened Girija Devi moved to Kolkata and started teaching her disciples there. Had it not been for the apathy, the voice of the Thumri maestro would have been resonating on the pious banks of Banaras. \"I wouldn't have gone ever. But then, I thought, if I have to teach, I can do that in any part of the world,\" she said.Despite accepting the situation, Girija Devi has not lost hope. \"I have requested the chief minister to give me five minutes, so that I can unfold my vision plan. Let us see what he says,\" she told TOI before proceeding for her performance during the Lucknow Mahotsav. The legend's desire to pass on her legacy was not appreciated by Bhatkhande Music Sansthaan as well. \"I wanted to hold a 15-day workshop with the students. But the university didn't give me time,\" she shared.It may be noted that the singer applied thrice to the music university, when the rest of the word was waiting for her to approve of their requests. But probably, the university was too busy with internal politics to attend her request. Incidentally, vice-chancellor of Bhatkhande Music University, Prof Shruti Sadolikar Katkar was present on the occasion. When asked to comment in this regard, she said, \"The matter is not in my knowledge.\" She however said that it would be university's pleasure to have her in their campus.Girija Devi is an optimist to the core. Seeing only a handful of heads as audience she said, \"Why should I feel bad about this. This is a reality. At the same time, I know that I sing for myself and for all those who genuinely want to listen to me.\" Her disciple and noted folk singer Malini Awasthi who accompanied Girija Devi added that only the lucky ones would stay back. They also said that there is no dearth of talent in her subsequent generations. \"I can count many names. In this age of competition and commercialisation, they need to be extremely patient. They should not compromise with the original and continue to practice,\" she stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380027", "title": "BJP goes soft on Sinhas, picks on Ram Jethmalani", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Monday kept the sword of disciplinary action hanging over Ram Jethmalani for criticizing the leadership, but steered clear of taking action against Yashwant Sinha and Shatrughan Sinha who have publicly demanded party president Nitin Gadkari's resignation because of the controversy over the finances of the latter's companies.Jethmalani was suspended on Sunday, a day after the prominent lawyer followed up his demand for Gadkari's resignation by alleging that the party was opposed to the appointment of Ranjit Sinha as CBI chief because it had backed the Delhi Police commissioner -- another contender for the job.The decision not to wield the disciplinary axe instantly and the distinction among those critical of Gadkari was seen as evidence of the party seeking to avoid the risk of being vindictive towards those seeking Gadkari's resignation. The privileging of discretion over the temptation to appear decisive could not stop Jethmalani from suspecting that he was being acted against for raising his voice against Gadkari. Asked if it was indeed the case, he said, \"I am entitled to suspect that.\"The party's 's parliamentary board on Monday issued a show-cause notice to the veteran lawyer asking him to explain why he should not be expelled for \"anti-party\" activities and indiscipline, for six years. Jethmalani has to reply within 10 days.The differentiation between Jethmalani on the one hand, and Yashwant Sinha is significant. The former finance minister, who is among the leading lights of the party's anti-offensive corruption, forcefully demanded Gadkari's resignation even after the party had frowned upon public airing of the growing grievance against the president's continuation. The party had issued the caution after Jethmalani and his son Mahesh demanded that Gadkari step down.Although Shatrughan Sinha publicly disengaged himself from the party's criticism of UPA's pick for CBI, many in the party put it down to the \"constituency pressure\" he must have faced in evaluating the career-defining posting for a fellow Sinha from Patna.\"The parliamentary board confirmed the decision of party chief Nitin Gadkari to immediately suspend Ram Jethmalani for his indiscipline and anti-party activities. He has been issued a notice on why he should not be expelled from the party for six years,\" BJP general secretary Ananth Kumar told reporters after the meeting.Kumar said the statements made by Yashwant Sinha and Shatrughan against Gadkari and its leaders of opposition in the two Houses of Parliament did not come up for discussion in the meeting.The party had attracted widespread criticism in 2009 when it expelled senior leader Jaswant Singh for praising Pakistan's founder M A Jinnah without issuing him a show cause. While the party does not want to be unreasonable and dispense summary justice in the current instance, the discrimination between Jethmalani and the Sinhas is also being seen by many as the leadership's desire to avoid a perception of a purge of those who have taken cudgels against Gadkari over the controversial business practices of Purti Group, the company he founded.Jethmalani reacted to the development by saying he had not yet received any show cause notice and said the parliamentary board must have stated some ground for his suspension.Many also pointed out that Jethmalani, who was nominated to Rajya Sabha because he is handling cases of Gujarat's BJP leaders, has the support of state chief minister Narendra Modi.Ananth Kumar denied that the leadership was lenient on Jethmalani. \"Gadkari immediately suspended Ram Jethmalani and referred the issue to the parliamentary board for deliberations. After deliberations, the board felt it was the right decision and he should be suspended from the party for anti-party activities and indiscipline,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381484", "title": "Soaring temperatures give a break from cold", "text": "PUNE: Day and night temperatures in the city have remained appreciably above normal for the last few days, providing a break from the cold wave conditions that prevailed earlier.On Monday, the minimum temperature was recorded at 16.3 degree Celsius, which was 3 degrees above normal. The maximum temperature was recorded at 31.7 degrees C, 2 degrees above normal. This has caused relatively hot conditions and some discomfort to citizens.\"The temperature pattern is not unusual but is reflective of the post-monsoon characteristics of weather,\" an official of the India Meteorological Department's (IMD) Shivajinagar observatory told TOI. \"Moisture incursion into parts of Maharashtra due to the moderate rainfall in parts of the southern state has caused cloudiness in the atmosphere and this has increased the temperatures,\" the official said.The IMD has forecast the minimum and maximum temperatures as remaining around 16 degrees C and 31 degrees C respectively during the next 24 hours, following which the minimum temperature is expected to drop marginally to 15 degrees C while the maximum temperature may go up to 32 degrees C by Wednesday.The situation is in contrast to the severe cold wave conditions that prevailed in parts of the north central Maharashtra belt, which includes Pune, on November 19 and 20. In fact, these conditions swept across other parts of the state including Marathwada and Vidarbha and had reduced the mercury levels by 7 or 8 degrees Celsius below normal in these parts.Pune had recorded 7.9 degrees C on November 19, six degrees below normal, and the lowest for November in the last 12 years. The maximum temperature too had dipped to around 29 degrees C, 1 degree below normal. On November 20, the minimum temperature had increased to 8.6 degrees C, which was still six degrees below normal.The severe cold conditions were attributed to the strengthening of the northerly and northeasterly winds and local conditions like clear skies and lesser humidity. Clear skies aide a faster cooling of the day time heat as the outgoing radiation is not trapped by any cloud cover. The situation has, however, altered over the last few days owing to the development like moderate rainfall in parts of the southern states including Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala.Since November 22, both maximum and minimum temperatures have been above the normal mark. On Sunday, the city recorded a maximum temperature of 31.1 degrees C, which was 2.1 degrees above normal, while the minimum temperature was recorded at 15.6 degrees C, i.e. 2.2 degrees above normal.The IMD's all India weather summary stated on Monday that night temperatures were appreciably above normal, i.e. a difference of three to four degrees Celsius from normal, in the central Maharashtra region, between Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south with Pune at the centre, in Marathwada and Vidarbha regions.Malegaon, in north central Maharashtra, which recorded the state's lowest minimum temperature at 11.5 degrees C, was the only exception where the temperature was below normal by 1.7 degrees. In south central Maharashtra, between Satara and Kolhapur, the minimum temperatures were 3 to 5 degrees below the normal mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17381462", "title": "'Opening commercial zone for 100% residences will cause chaos'", "text": "PANAJI: Deletion of a clause in Goa land development and building construction regulations 2010, as suggested by the Indian institute of architects (IIA), Goa, which restricts the use of commercial space for residential purpose to only 5%, has kicked off a row with a section of professionals alleging it would further burden the inadequate infrastructure.After the regulations were notified in September 2010, the Indian institute of architects (IIA) (Goa) had submitted their suggestions for correction of certain \"anomalies and errors\" to the town and country planning (TCP) department.Based on IIA's suggestions for correction in the regulations and also from confederation of real estate developers association of India (CREDAI), Goa and other parties, the TCP notified some amendments in August 2011, including deletion of a foot note on the 5% restriction on page 50 of the new regulations.But the matter came to light only recently after information was obtained under RTI that the architects body suggested what they alleged was the deletion of the important clause aimed at curbing misuse.Lack of any regulation on conversion of commercial zone for residential purpose has destroyed the built environment in the state's capital and other towns and suburban areas, leading to sprouting of high rise buildings without adequate infrastructure, especially power and water supply and plans for water and sewage management, sources alleged.\"I am surprised and shocked IIA, Goa is acting at the developers behest to increase floor area ratio (FAR) virtually to scuttle the planning process without any studies,\" Dean D'Cruz, architect and former IIA chairman, said. A few other architects are also baffled that the IIA had recommended some changes, especially scrapping of the 5% clause.\"I attended IIA's general body meeting to discuss the building regulations and after it was informed that the (Kamat) government was under pressure from the builders lobby due to the 5% restriction, it was felt that 10% was reasonable and a hike was accepted,\" Ritu Prasad, an architect said.IIA (Goa) chairman Bryan Soares asserted that all suggestions for corrections were deliberated in the IIA's general body meeting. He explained that the 5% restriction on use of commercial zone for residential purpose was not shown in the draft, but included later in the regulations 2010 without their knowledge.\"It is not our recommendation to drop it, we only pointed out that it (the footnote) was not in the draft, and we submitted a whole lot of other corrections,\" Soares said. Nilesh Salkar, president (CREDAI), Goa alleged that the inclusion of the footnote in the 2010 regulations was not discussed with stakeholders. \"It would be difficult to provide affordable housing in Goa with so much restriction,\" he said.Soares said people are picking holes in building regulations rather than in the planning process. \"The fault is in allowing high density in villages. The villagers are upset about high rise buildings in villages,\" he said.Raya Shankhwalker, an architect, said that housing in commercial zone has advantages, instead of a complete segregation into commercial and residential. Mixed use ensures easy access to all possible facilities within walking distance. \"Such an use has always been the hallmark of Indian urban development for a long time,\" he said.Soares said Panaji would have been also a dead city if a mixed commercial and residential use was not allowed.Agreed Shankwalker, \"If Patto had allowed partly residential use, it would not have been a ghost area after 6pm,\" he said.A few want the quantum of residential use in commercial zone to be determined by market forces and not by regulation. \"Obviously commercial spaces will fetch better prices, but if somebody builds residential facilities, it is because of market determination,\" Shankhwalker said.Nilesh Salkar, president (CREDAI), Goa stressed that if housing is to be more affordable, increasing FAR was inevitable. Land resources have shrunk up and too much commercial area would not have any takers. \"For this reason, the cost of accommodation in villages is almost on par with that of apartments in cities,\" he pointed out.But D'Cruz said a judicious balance of uses with low FAR is desirable. \"A 100% residential use in commercial zone, which would become permissible minus the footnote, would be against the basic principles of planning,\" he said.Architects, as professionals, should not allow opening more areas to high-scaled development. He called for a study to assess whether the cities and towns can take any more burden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17379276", "title": "Caught in its own spin, Dhoni and Team India have nowhere to hide", "text": "Defeat always hurts. But England's humiliation of India at Mumbai is like a thunderclap, shattering the comforting illusion that whatever the team's frailties abroad, it remains virtually unbeatable at home.Scorecard | Match in PicsIndian skipper MS Dhoni got everything he asked for: A pitch where the ball turned from the first day, and three spinners to prey on England's alleged incompetence against spin.He even won the toss, meaning that England would have to bat last, on a crumbling pitch. And England still won. By 10 wickets. With most of the fourth day and all of the fifth to spare. Even by the volatile standards of Indian cricket, this has to be the lowest point in a long, long time.The so-called 'revenge series' has turned into a reality check. And the truth, hurtful though it may be, is that this Indian side looks alarmingly vulnerable, while the reserves cupboard is depressingly bare.The famed Indian batting line-up tumbled to an embarrassing 142 all out in the second innings, completely undone by spin - which they grew up playing day in, day out.The collapse in Mumbai was the latest in a string of recent collapses and added the rapidly growing belief that too many of India's batsmen are surviving on reputation rather than performance.Cheteshwar Pujara's magnificent performance at Ahmedabad and in the first innings at Mumbai papered over the cracks but once he failed in the second innings, the rest of the Indian batting was brutally exposed.Much has been made of Sachin Tendulkar's disastrous form (153 runs in his last 10 innings at an average of 15.3) but even the other Indian batsmen have been worryingly inconsistent - the odd big knock being offset by repeated failures.Having conceded a lead of 86 runs, the batsmen needed to give the bowlers a fighting target to defend. Instead, Sehwag, Tendulkar, Yuvraj, Kohli and Dhoni all failed to even reach double figures.The Indian bowling didn't fare any better. The spin trio of R Ashwin, Pragyan Ojha and Harbhajan Singh looked clueless as Kevin Pietersen and Alastair Cook took the match away from India with a 206-run stand.Zaheer Khan isn't getting any younger. Mumbai marked Harbhajan's 99th Test. Going by his performance, the 100th could be a long while coming.After a promising start, Ashwin has been struggling in Tests. Ojha has actually been India's best bowler in this series but he's unlikely to give too many batsmen sleepless nights.The 4-match series, now tied 1-1, heads to Kolkata with MS Dhoni &amp; Co having some deep thinking to do. They could still turn things around.Apart from Cook, Pietersen and to an extent Matt Prior , the English batsmen still look uncomfortable against spin. India could still emerge victorious from this series. But that will be little cause to celebrate. Because these four cataclysmic days in Mumbai have exposed the glaring chinks in the team's armour.The board, selectors and team management need to work together to address these issues, rather than basking in the false glow that would be created by a victory in tailor-made conditions.The real concern is that a failure to create a proper feeder line and an undue emphasis on shorter formats in the recent past may mean that India face a long period of mediocrity in Tests, both at home and away. For the sake of Indian cricket, one can only hope that this fear proves unfounded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17379544", "title": "Afflicted by only tumour of its kind in the world, teacher fights and wins", "text": "THANE: Tara Sakpal is a VIP in Pali village, Thane. She gets a stream of visitors not only because she has won the Presidential Award as a primary schoolteacher and is now a social crusader in her hamlet, but also since she recently beat the rarest of rare cancers. The 70-year-old's celebrity is as pervasive in Mumbai's JJ Hospital whose doctors say her tumour was the only one of its kind in the world.A JJ team last week published her case study in an international medical journal to underline its uniqueness. Technically speaking, she is the only patient in the world to have had a neuroendocrine tumour growing in the left hepatic (biliary) duct. To observe the academic occasion, the patient, who is the mother of four and grandmother of eight, travelled alone on Thursday from her village to JJ Hospital.Prof Ajay Bhandarwar, who has been treating her for two years, said, \"She had a neuroendocrine tumour, which in itself is rare.\" Adding to the rareness, the neuroendocrine tumour or NET, as it is better known, was lodged on the biliary tract that rises from the liver and carries bile juice to the small intestine to aid digestion.\"We searched medical literature extensively and found only 77 cases of biliary tract NETs. None of these pertained to the left duct,\" said Dr Bhandarwar. The research paper published in 'Case Reports in Surgery' journal lists the 77 cases.Sakpal is elated because she is free of the griping stomach ache that tortured her for two years before she was rushed to JJ Hospital, Byculla, in September 2010. \"I was in the hospital for six months before I could go home,\" she said, adding that her husband slept in the corridor throughout the period.The wait for diagnosis and treatment of NET is usually long, said Dr Jaydeep Palep from JJ Hospital's surgery department. In fact, NETs are extremely difficult to diagnose. Sakpal had to undergo an advanced cancer scan and surgical biopsy before doctors could isolate the exact cause of her stomach ache and constant jaundice.Luckily for her, the government-run JJ Hospital could provide chemotherapy drugs through government schemes. \"Each chemotherapy session of the new drug Octreotride would have cost Rs 65,000 in other hospitals, but we could help out the family with all the 12 injections over 12 months,\" said Dr Bhandarwar. In fact, the Sakpal family spent roughly Rs 70,000 throughout the treatment that could have easily cost over Rs 8 lakh.Cancer surgeon Dr P Jagannath from Lilavati Hospital, Bandra, told TOI, \"This is indeed an extremely rare cancer but we too have published similar cases.\" His team has so far treated 216 patients with various forms of NET in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17381431", "title": "Katyal murder: Case property destroyed?", "text": "KANPUR: An advocate on Monday moved an application before the court where the Katyal murder case is being tried, urging it to seek actual position of case property such as seized arms and ammunition.In his application, Shivakant Dixit pleaded that in local papers, there were news reports that general diary of the case was destroyed and the case property were missing. The police officials were also not giving correct information about the case property which were significant proof of the case, he said.According to the case file, the police had recovered an AK47 rifle along with magazine, an American commando gun, one 9 mm pistol and a 455 bore revolver and ammunition from the terrorists. According to procedure, all the case property is kept in the 'Mal Khana' and produced before the court when the court demands for it. After the trial, the court permits the authorities to destroy the case property or return it to its owner. Congress MLA Vilayati Ram Katyal was shot dead in 1986 by armed assailants for his perceived 'anti-Sikh' role following the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.The case was consigned in the year 2004 when prosecution failed to produce any evidence in the last six years by the then district judge Shailendra Saxena with a condition that if prosecution exhibits interest in producing the evidence, then the case could be reopened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17382027", "title": "Draft rolls for Patna University Students' Union polls ready", "text": "PATNA: Most of the colleges and postgraduate departments of Patna University (PU) prepared the draft electoral rolls and submitted the same to the authority concerned to facilitate the smooth conduct of elections to the Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) scheduled for December 11.PU students' welfare dean K N Paswan said the colleges and PU departments have been asked to display the draft electoral rolls on the notice board of their respective institutions. Students can file objections relating to omission of any name in the draft electoral roll latest by 2pm on November 29 so that necessary modifications may be made. The final electoral rolls would be published at 4pm on November 29. The same would also be uploaded on the PU's website, he said.Candidates seeking election to various offices of PUSU can file their nominations on November 30 and December 1 and the nominations can be withdrawn by December 3. The candidates contesting the elections would have to fulfil all the conditions as prescribed in the code of conduct issued by the PU election committee.Meanwhile, volunteers of different student organizations affiliated to different political parties are moving from college and college to garner support of students for the candidates being sponsored by them. The walls of almost all the colleges, including Patna College and Patna Science College, have already been painted with the slogans of different organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17381064", "title": "Man stabbed to death", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 30-year-old man, Javed Pathan, was stabbed to death on Sunday afternoon. Police said that the reason behind this attack was that he had scolded some youths on November 24.In the night of November 24, Javed of Chandubhai ni Chali in Rakhial, along with many others was preparing for the Tazia procession that was held on Sunday. He had scolded some youngsters who were passing snide remarks at girls who happened to pass by.In vengeance, the youngsters attacked Javed near Noor Mahal hotel in Rakhial on Sunday, right before the Tazia procession. Javed died of multiple stab wounds inflicted by the gang. Javed's brother Noor Mohammad filed a complaint against four youngsters - Salman, Shanu, Ashik and Pappu \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who stay in the same chawl. All four have been missing since the incident.In another incident, Jaswant Katwani, 32, was standing near Kubernagar petrol pump in Naroda on Sunday when he was attacked by some people. A gang of six to seven unidentified people surrounded and attacked him with hockey sticks and stabbed him with knives. He was rushed to the LG Hospital. Jaswant has lodged a complaint of attempt to murder at Naroda police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17381994", "title": "HC orders CBI probe into Soren assets", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand high court on Monday ordered a CBI probe into the amassing of wealth by Jharkhand Mukti Morcha chief Shibu Soren , his family members and personal secretary Manohar Lal Paul allegedly disproportionate to their known sources of income. The court also asked the CBI to file status report in the disproportionate assets case against former chief minister Madhu Koda and his cabinet colleagues.The order was passed by a division bench of Chief Justice Prakash Tatia and Justice Jaya Roy after hearing the petition filed by social activist Durga Oraon. Oraon had alleged that Soren, his family and Paul had amassed huge wealth during Koda's tenure and demanded a CBI inquiry. Petitioner's advocate Rajiv Kumar said the court, after hearing the arguments of both the sides, said, \"The CBI is free to investigate and collect evidence against former Soren, his family members ,\" said Kumar. TNNThe petition was filed by Durga Oraon last year.The court has also ordered to submit the status report in case of Koda and his cabinet colleagues in two weeks, added Kumar. December 14 has been fixed as the next for hearing.Last year, the high court took cognizance of an Oraon plea and ordered a CBI probe against former chief minister Madhu Koda and five former ministers, exposing the multi-crore rupee money laundering scam in 2009.The petitioner had alleged that Manohar Lal Paul, Soren's personal secretary, had confessed to the income tax department that he had amassed assets of Rs 68 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17382229", "title": "3 file nominations from Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: Three candidates, including a woman candidate, have filed their nominations for three constituencies in Vadodara which go to poll on December 17 in the second phase of elections. Congress candidate Siddharth Patel filed his papers from Dabhoi, while Sahani Ramsewak of Samajwadi Party filed his nomination from Manjalpur constituency in Vadodara district. Kirti Hareshkumar Yadav, also of Samajwadi Party, has become the first woman politician to file her nomination from Vadodara for Raopura constituency. No nominations were filed for the rest of the 10 constituencies in Vadodara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17380877", "title": "Vigilance cracks down on Vikas Bhavan Kerala Road Transport Corporation staff", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Discrepancies were found in the accounts of the Vikas Bhavan depot of Kerala Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) in a surprise inspection conducted by the vigilance wing of the KSRTC. The inspection was conducted by the out audit division officials as there were allegations of misappropriation of the revenue by the staff at the depot.The vigilance wing was tipped off by some of the staff at the depot that the revenue from the distribution of concession tickets for students has been siphoned by some of the employees. The misappropriation was done with the help of some conductors attached to the depot.The concession tickets are sealed and kept in order according to serial number, which is then distributed to student applicants. The conductors allegedly juggled the tickets and conducted business in such a way that the sold tickets are recorded as 'not distributed'. This way, they could tamper with the actual accounts and pocket the profit.\"We have found out that the allegations are true. We even spotted irregularities in the accounts during the inspection,\" said a vigilance official. However, the loss incurred by the corporation is yet to be estimated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "17381418", "title": "Car crash: FIR filed against driver", "text": "PORVORIM: Porvorim police on Friday registered an FIR and arrested against one Suresh Nandivelguru Prabhakar Rao, a native of Guntur, Andhra Pradesh , under Sections 279 (rash and negligent driving) and Section 336 (endangering life and personal safety) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).The accused had crashed his car into the wall of a public garden at 1am on November 22. While TOI had reported that Porvorim police had hinted that FIRs are not usually filed in the absence of injury, PI Rahul Parab said that investigating officer Ulhas Narvekar registered it after consulting him on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381152", "title": "Shield your heart from cold", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The seasonal viral infections has found its way among many children and adults in the city, leaving them suffering with cough, cold and fever. But, the affect of cold weather could be a troublesome for those suffering heart ailments, as exposure to extreme cold increases the chances of a heart failure.The doctors warn senior citizens to avoid going out too early for a morning walk and advise them to consult their physicians for a change in their medicine dosage, if they are on any already.Not only early morning jogs, the physicians also suggest one should avoid late night parties and excessive alcohol consumption.\"To prevent dissipation of heat, heart vessels constrict. In cold weather, the heart works harder to maintain body heat. So, the risk of heart diseases is high,\" said Dr H K Bali, director, cardiology at a Mohali hospital.While the intake of calories rises during winters, the physical activity decreases because of the cold outdoors. Experts advise moderate exercise and reduction in calories. \"This increases the tendency to gain weight. Consequently, the blood pressure rises and affects the heart muscles,\" said Dr Rajesh Vijayvergia, cardiologist, PGI.He added that viral infections, particularly the upper respiratory infections, can enhance chances of heart failure. \"It is one of the theories whereby a heart patient suffering with upper respiratory infections has high chance of myocardial infarction,\" said Vijayvergia.For the elderly, doctors advise polyvalent shots of influenza vaccine as prevention. \"During early morning and late night, the heart is four times more at risk of workload due to low temperature. We advise the elderly to be well clad, but not stuffed. Also, they should step out when the weather is a bit warm and sunny and not early in the morning,\" said Bali.Doctors also suggest a change in the dosage of medicines. \"Diuretics are medicines given to blood pressure patients. During summers there is loss of fluid more than the winters. So in winters, these medicines are reduced. Patients must consult their physician,\" said Dr Rajesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17383861", "title": "I'm fine being known as a Bond girl, says Olga", "text": "Olga Kurylenko has revealed that being a Bond girl in 'Quantum Of Solace' has changed her life .\"It's impossible to overestimate the global power of Bond. The entire world is in love with the Bond movies,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"Other movies might make an actor famous. But Bond fame is another dimension altogether. It can be dangerous for an actor because there is the risk of always being known as a Bond girl. I realised that and made my choices accordingly. I realised that I would have to take a wide variety of parts to establish myself in other ways. I think I've managed to achieve that.\"But, wherever I go in the world, most people will always recognise me as the girl from Quantum Of Solace . That's fine with me,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380052", "title": "Rattled by Ansari, Centre seeks change in Bengal law", "text": "NEW DELHI: As American Center terror attack convict Aftab Ansari's application to the Alipore jail authorities seeking 'political prisoner' status sends alarm bells ringing at the Centre, the Union home ministry will make a fresh plea to the Mamata Banerjee government to immediately amend the West Bengal Correctional Services Act, 1992, to deny political prisoner status to terrorists and those associated with outfits banned under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (ULPA).\"The MHA will reiterate its advisory to the state government to amend its prison laws, under which Ansari may well be technically entitled to 'political prisoner' status. Our earlier plea on similar lines was never acted upon by the state,\" a senior MHA official told TOI.The MHA had written to Bengal on October 8 sharing its concerns over an August 8 Calcutta High Court order conferring \"political prisoner\" status on seven Maoists, including Lalgarh leader Chhattradhar Mahato, by virtue of Section 24(3)(vi) of the WB Correctional Services Act. Under the section, any person arrested for an offence committed in furtherance of a political or democratic movement, but free of any personal greed or motive, is entitled to 'political prisoner' status.The HC had, while granting three different pleas filed by the seven Maoists, noted that the sweep of Section 24 was so all encompassing that even those involved in unlawful activities could not be denied political prisoner status.The Centre, worried that the HC order might be cited by others jailed for serious offences such as terror to claim similar status, had 'advised' the Bengal government to either appeal before a larger Bench of the HC or file a SLP in the Supreme Court. Alternatively, the MHA suggested, the state could consider amending its correctional services Act to insert a proviso denying political prisoner status to the members of organizations proscribed under the ULPA.The Bengal government never filed the appeal. It also sat on the suggestion for amending the Correctional Services Act. The MHA did consider becoming a party and filing an appeal but the option was shot down by the law ministry on October 26 which opined that 'prisons' was a state subject and that the Centre had no locus standi to appeal.Though Ansari, whose death sentence was confirmed by the Calcutta High Court but stayed by the SC in 2010 pending a decision, has only moved the jail authorities for now, officials here fear the worst as the existing state laws entitle him to a political prisoner status. Also, he will be free to move court in the event of the jail authorities turning down his plea.A political prisoner is entitled to additional amenities such as a chair, table, light, iron cot, mattress, cotton pillow with cover, blanket, mosquito net , mirror and comb, tooth-paste and tooth-brush, soap of good quality, coconut oil, services of a barber every alternate day, writing material and a newspaper. He can also receive books and periodicals from his relations, besides being entitled to an electric fan and table lamp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379351", "title": "Why not levy 25% green tax on diesel cars, Supreme Court asks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday sought the Centre's response to a radical plea for collection of 25% of the cost of a diesel car or SUV sold in the National Capital Region as green tax at the time of its purchase to deter people from buying more polluting personal vehicles and help fight the growing levels of pollution in Delhi.The court also sought the Union government's response to another suggestion - imposition of an annual levy of 2% of cost of existing petrol cars and 4% of diesel cars to persuade people to rely more on public transport rather than buying cars.Amicus curiae and senior advocate Harish Salve, who has been assisting the forest bench of the Supreme Court for nearly a decade, lamented that the benefits of switching the entire public transport system in Delhi to CNG was lost as more and more diesel cars were added every year because of the price differential between petrol and diesel.\"Delhi has already exhausted all soft options,\" warned Salve before arguing before a bench of Justices Aftab Alam, K S Radhakrishnan and Swatanter Kumar that \"the solution must be to restrain the growth of personal vehicle usage, particularly diesel vehicles, and this is only possible through a highly augmented transport system in Delhi and the region\".Justifying harsher levy for diesel cars, Salve said in his application, \"The market share of diesel cars is more than 50% of sales. This is because of the growing differential between petrol and diesel. The emission norms for diesel cars legally allow higher limits for NOx and particulate matters as compared to petrol cars.\"The former solicitor general, while advocating imposition of 25% of cost of all new diesel cars as green tax, suggested levy of an environmental compensation charge on existing personal vehicles -- ranging from 2% (petrol) to 4% (diesel) of the vehicle's cost every year.For old cars, the levy would be collected annually by the insurance companies along with the premium amount, he suggested, and said the insurance companies must ensure that the vehicle had valid pollution under control certificate at the time of annual renewal of policy.If Salve's suggestions are to be implemented, then a person purchasing a diesel car costing Rs 6 lakh would pay a green tax of Rs 1.5 lakh. If the cost of an SUV is Rs 16 lakh, then the buyer would have to pay Rs 4 lakh extra.How does it work out for existing petrol and diesel cars? If a person owns a small petrol car which cost him Rs 3 lakh, then he pays Rs 6,000 every year as environmental compensation charge along with the insurance premium amount.If the petrol car was priced at Rs 25 lakh, then the owner's share of annual tax would be Rs 50,000. One who owns a Rs 6 lakh diesel car would pay Rs 24,000 annually while a person owning a Rs 16 lakh diesel car would pay an annual green fee of Rs 64,000.Salve said the Environment Pollution Control Authority (EPCA) had been suggesting measures through the years but little was achieved on the ground because of poor implementation of these suggestions. \"The city needs emergency level action to reduce the growing load of pollution in its air.\"He said pollution levels were increasing alarmingly every year in Delhi making the air more toxic and unhealthy to breathe, an issue which TOI focused yet again this year through a series of reports highlighting increase in toxicity of air because of pollution.Salve said, \"Today Delhi alone adds roughly 1,400 new personal vehicles a day, more than double of what was added in the pre-CNG period. Therefore, even as each new generation vehicles and fuel has become cleaner, the gain is lost because of the number of vehicles that are being added to the road.\"In addition, the entry of large number of trucks into Delhi for inter-state passage had created an urgent need to expeditiously complete the Eastern and Western Peripheral Expressways, work on which has been stalled for years despite monitoring by the Supreme Court, Salve said.\"By 2010, there were 12 lakh vehicles entering and leaving Delhi every day and over 70% of these were cars. In the NCR region, Gurgaon, Faridabad and other satellite towns have grown to be important commercial hubs but have completely inadequate public transport connectivity. This is a phenomenal growth and has greatly contributed to the congestion and pollution in the city and the NCR region,\" he said and requested the court to direct private contractors to complete work on these two expressways by May 31 next year.Salve said the Western Peripheral Expressway (WPE), which was scheduled for completion in June 2009, has achieved \"virtually no progress on the Kundli-Manesar segment, which is vital to decongest Delhi and reduce pollution considerably\".\"This expressway, once commissioned, will ensure that goods traffic emanating from Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana and western Uttar Pradesh bound to Jaipur, Maharashtra and Gujarat will have easy and faster access without using Delhi as corridor. The delay in completion of this expressway has a considerable negative impact on ambient air quality of Delhi. State of Delhi is suffering despite paying the cost of land acquisition in the ratio 50:25:25 between Delhi, Haryana and UP as approved by the apex court,\" he said.On EPE, Salve said though National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has completed land acquisition for the expressway, the work has not been awarded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379620", "title": "R P Singh now says Joshi contacted CAG officials, tried to push 2G report", "text": "NEW DELHI: R P Singh, former director in the Comptroller &amp; Auditor General's office, on Monday stuck to his stand that Public Accounts Committee chairman and BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi had contacted officials from the federal audit agency and tried to push the report on irregularities in allocation of 2G spectrum, adding to the ongoing war of words between the government and the opposition.Singh said that on July 13, after the draft report had been submitted, Joshi called up R B Sinha, then director general on the issue. During the conversation, Joshi is said to have discussed the award of licences and spectrum and suggested that given the \"tremendous interest, heightened anxieties and pressure from all concerned including media, it would be appropriate for the PAC also to submit its report soon after the CAG's report is submitted to the president during the monsoon session\".Singh alleged that Joshi's call amounted to interference and pointed to another call on July 14 at around 1.10 in the afternoon. He said that Sinha wrote a note mentioning that Joshi wanted a senior officer from the auditor's office to brief him about the important audit findings on the National Rural Health Mission and also on 2G. Although Singh did not mention it, Sinha is learnt to have noted that he \"politely\" asked Joshi to speak to the CAG.Officials in the auditor's office, however, said that too much should not be read into Singh's allegations. \"The entire controversy, especially his claims, has failed to recognize the intrinsic relationship between PAC and the CAG. CAG is the friend, philosopher and guide of PAC. The CAG always sits on the right hand side of PAC chairman... So it was natural for PAC chairman (Joshi) to call up the CAG or a senior CAG official. We aren't such unprofessional people that we would write an audit to suit Dr Joshi's fancies,\" a senior official said.The sources also said that Singh had omitted the fact that the PAC had started looking into the telecom sector some time in 2009, over a year before CAG submitted its 2G scandal audit report. \"The PAC had already examined secretaries of finance and telecom, as well as other officials. We had been assisting PAC,\" he said.The official said it was not just Joshi who had been in touch with CAG officials on the 2G and telecom issues. He said senior CAG officials had briefed PAC members such as law minister Ashwini Kumar and minister of state for defence Jitender Singh on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379826", "title": "India, China pledge $5.2bn in investments", "text": "NEW DELHI: Setting political tensions aside, India and China on Monday signed agreements worth billions of dollars to give further boost to commercial ties between the world's two emerging economies.Both countries entered into 11 MoUs entailing investment of $5.2 billion in infrastructure, power, steel, clean energy and other sectors during the second India-China Strategic Economic Dialogue (SED).The agreements included a plan to develop 2,500 mw renewable energy projects envisaging an investment of $3 billion by Reliance Power and China's Ming Yang Wind Power Group with project financing from China Development Bank.Lanco Infratech signed a pact with China Development Bank for $ 600 billion financing for its Anpara phase II 4 x 660 mw power projects.NIIT signed $800 million deal with Province of Hainan for setting up of an IT technology park in Hainan.At the government-to-government level, both the countries agreed to cooperate in areas such as high-speed trains, modernization of railway stations, in the field of energy efficiency and IT sector.Arguing that economic cooperation and commercial engagement has huge potential, deputy chairman of the Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia said the two countries should overcome information deficit in economic fields and seek cooperation in sectors such as water-recycling, digital science and micro-irrigation.Ahluwalia led the Indian side and the Chinese delegation was led by Zhang Ping, chairman of China's National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC). Both sides discussed on a wide-range of issues, including sharing of developmental experiences, looming trade deficit and greater cooperation in host of areas, including infrastructure.Both sides agreed to enhance transportation links, encourage greater bilateral investments and work towards achieving a more balanced and sustainable bilateral trade.\"It is only through larger mutual investments that we can take the economic cooperation to a higher level,\" Ahluwalia said.\"The message that we are getting from them is that they would like to see deepening of cooperation,\" said the Plan panel deputy chief after the meeting. He said the large Chinese delegation, which had 180 members, indicated their seriousness in strengthening ties. \"There is great deal of business interest in business collaboration from both sides,\" he said.Both the countries are at loggerheads over a wide-range of issues, including boundary dispute, but are major trading partners. The volume of current bilateral trade is estimated at $75 billion, and plans are afoot to raise it to $100 billion by 2015.Ahluwalia said the latest row between the countries over a map issued by Beijing on its new passports did not figure in the talks.He also denied of any China-specific security concerns. \"Security is relevant not only vis-a-vis China. It is not specific. General security precautions are being taken,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17380843", "title": "With 6,000 titles &amp; 9 outlets, Prabhath looks for revival", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Despite communism losing its luster in Russia, classics in Russian literature like Maxim Gorky's 'Mother' are still the driving force behind the CPI-promoted publishing company, Prabhath Book House. The publishing house is celebrating its 60th anniversary with a two-day book festival which began at the VJT Hall here on Monday. A host of cultural programmes have also been lined up to mark the occasion.Prabhath has also come up with the 25th Malayalam edition of 'Mother', which is still hugely popular in the state. \"Prabhath Book House was launched by the Communist party in Thiruvananthapuram in 1952, though Communist literature was being published in the state even before that,\" said C Divakaran, CPI parliamentary party leader and chairman and managing director of Prabhath Book House. Though primarily aimed at promoting communist thoughts and ideologies, the publisher introduced Malayalam translation of an array of short stories and novels from Russian literature. With the socialist school of thought sweeping across campuses, Prabhath came up low-cost editions of world classics. Slowly, it focused on publishing the works of great Malayalam writers like Takazhi and Kesavadev. \"The editions were so cheap, they became popular among the masses,\" said Divakaran.\"While we were in college, we used to frequent the Prabhath outlet at Kannur which sold affordable, well printed editions of world classics, including that of Dostoyevsky, Anton Chekov and Leo Tolstoy,\" said writer N Prabhakaran.The late '70s and early '80s saw a decline in Prabhath's glory, with the fall of the Soviet Union . But there has recently been an effort by the party led by the late C K Chandrappan to revive the company and put things in order. Till date, the publisher has come out with 6,000 titles and has nine sales outlets across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17381008", "title": "Scamster picked pics from Facebook", "text": "Not securing your photographs on social networking sites could land you in huge financial trouble. This is what many people realized when they came to know that the mastermind of the recently cracked multi-crore bank fraud had picked up their photos from social networking sites and used them on loan applications.The ongoing investigation into the Rs 20 crore scam at Punjab &amp; Sind Bank, Sector 24, reveals that mastermind Rajinder Singh Kalsi, the bank manager, and his aides had used around 18 pictures from a social networking site for filling applications for loans. Though applications were filed with wrong names and addresses, loans were sanctioned against some of them.The fact came to light when Kalsi, Karan Thakur and Pardeep Goel, who were arrested on November 16, were specifically questioned about the source of loan applicants.Police sources said the gang members, headed by Kalsi, managed to sanction loans worth Rs 20 crore from Punjab &amp; Sind Bank-24 while filing a total 131 loan applications.DSP (EOW) Anil Joshi said, \"In all these pictures, which were taken from registered profiles on a social networking site, the names and addresses were wrong. People whose pictures were misused might not even be aware of it. Eight of these pictures were of women.\"Police interrogation also established that in some loan applications, Kalsi had used the signatures of gang members Rajmani and Prem Kumar.Kalsi was the branch manager at Punjab &amp; Sind Bank-24 for around one year and all fake loans were sanctioned during his tenure and under his supervision. The accused are lodged in Model Burail jail.Cyber crime experts said, \"It is very easy to copy pictures from a social networking site and get colored copies through sophisticated machines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17379784", "title": "Workshop to introduce education apps to pupils, teachers", "text": "MUMBAI: Use of technology in classrooms has widely been discussed in the state and slowly but steadily, schools have been implementing new forms of teaching in classrooms. To give a boost to this trend, for the first time in India, a workshop for educators and students will be conducted to introduce various education apps.Events at the two-day Google Education India Summit will focus on deploying, integrating and using apps for education to promote student learning and achievement in higher education. The summit includes two keynote presentations from respected Googlers and other noted educators.The summit will be full of informative breakouts, cutting-edge demonstrations, and hands-on workshops. The presenters will also be conducting sessions on deployment and management of a full range of apps for education.Mark Wagner, CEO of Edtech team, has been conducting the Google Apps summit across the globe and describes it as an enriching experience for the participants. \"There is plenty of networking time throughout the two days, and it's always nice to walk around and hear conversations about the issues, initiatives, ideas and passions among educators from around the region and beyond. Educators get a chance to work on tablets and apps firsthand and all their queries are solved as they get to interact with professionals,\" said Wagner.Being organized in collaboration with InOpen Technologies at the American School of Bombay in Bandra (E), the summit will be held on December 1 and 2. \"The conference is open to attendees from around the globe. It offers unique and cost-effective advantages for all participants. They will get an opportunity to network with the most influential and renowned educationalist from around the world,\" said an official from InOpen.For more details, log on to http://in.gafesummit.com .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17382819", "title": "Court nod to demolish NIMS varsity building", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan High Court has dismissed the appeals filed by National Institute of Medical Science (NIMS) University on Jaipur-Delhi National highway against demolition of illegal structures erected on a 8125 sq m area. The JDA is now free to demolish the buildings by using explosives as planned.\"The dismissal of appeals on Monday paves way for JDA to demolish the huge structures built for hostel etc by the Medical College. The appeal has been dismissed holding that the college was having massive encroachment on a priceless pasture land which was never allotted to the Medical College. The bench has also vacated the stay order granted prior to Diwali break, giving a free hand for JDA to act against the encroachment ,\" said Virendra Lodha, senior advocate appearing for JDA.A division bench comprising Justice M N Bhandari and Justice Bela M Trivedi was constituted by the Chief Justice to look into the appeals. Earlier, a division bench headed by Justice Dalip Singh had granted stay on the demolition of the structures on the disputed land.On Monday, it was contended by additional advocate general S N Kumawat that the land in question is a pasture land and the same is also falling in the catchment area of Ramgarh dam.As such, the constructions in the belt should be demolished without any discrimination as other encroachments have already been removed.On November 1, Justice M Rafiq had held the constructions on 8125 sq m area to be illegal . The judge has rejected the contention that the last moment demolition of the building via explosion would affect the students.The division bench, while dismissing the appeals filed by the Medical College, held that in case the prayer to seek regularization of land is allowed after making an encroachment in illegal manner, it will set a bad precedent and a large number of poor people will then start approaching state government after raising illegal structures by doing encroachment on public land which cannot be allowed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380354", "title": "Budding managers display skills", "text": "LUCKNOW: An exclusive Centre for Excellence in Entrepreneurship (COEE) in different states of India, healthcare reforms that lay emphasis on insurance spending and availability of generic medicines, or entry of foreign education providers to augment India's education system were some of the innovative solutions put forward by the students of Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow (IIML) to promote entrepreneurship in the country during the three-day entrepreneurship summit which concluded on Sunday.In the event called Model Parliament, IIM students presented various bills suggesting ways to improve entrepreneurship in the country.And the bill, which was termed as the best one was how incorporation of foreign technology can advance the waste management and treatment plants by providing government subsidies and tax rebates to entrepreneurs and help them implementing 3R's model (reduce, recycle and reuse). The e-summit also saw range of student-centric activities to showcase their talents. In the event called Bizness, each team was given Rs 2,000 capital, which they were supposed to use it in starting their own business on campus.In this, students came up with ideas like delivering anonymous roses to hostel rooms for which the orders were taken manually, online as well as on phone. In view of the winter season already in place, a group of students facilitated bulk deals of room heaters thereby helping students to get these without stepping out of campus. The best team was given the profits they made coupled with Rs 10,000 as prize money.In the event Margdarshan which took place on Sunday, the alumni entrepreneurs gave insights on their experiences. Kashyap Dalal co-founder of Inkfruit talked about his journey from IIT to IIM to Unilever to being an entrepreneur. He discussed how the idea of coming up with an e-commerce site for apparels struck him which became a hit among his clients.Another alumni entrepreneur Manav Kamboj, founder of LestGoMo discussed his 'just-in- time' luck journey with the students working Citi Financials and then getting back to technology as an entrepreneur with a dream of making smartphone environment and mobile technology more user- friendly.Similarly, Hemen Ruparel, CEO, Samex Agency shared his story of getting over the losses faced due to Gujarat earthquake wherein his warehouses got destroyed and how he re-built the entire business again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17382210", "title": "Crorepati candidate", "text": "VADODARA: Cong heavyweight from Dabhoi, Siddharth Patel does not own a car, but he and his wife Virajben Patel jointly hold movable and immovable assets worth Rs 71.73 crore while their financial liabilities are worth 2.48 crore.The sitting Dabhoi MLA from Congress and son of late Gujarat chief minister, Chimanbhai Patel, Siddharth Patel has represented the family borough Dabhoi twice, including the ongoing tenure, and has also been a former GPCC president. The businessman, who has done his MBA from University of Dallas , Texas, and his wife, a doctor by profession, jointly hold 15.27 crore in movable assets while their immovable assets amount to 56.46 crore. According to the affidavit filed by him among his nomination papers, the couple has no dependants and they own only one Fabia car which is in Virajben's name.Among other movable assets, the couple has Rs 2.49 lakh cash in hand while their bank accounts hold Rs 13.89 lakh worth of assets. Together, they possess jewellery worth Rs 22.08 lakh (3,362 grams). They have loaned Rs 7.16 crore to firms, corporations , trusts etc. The Patels also hold Rs 7.35 crore worth of mutual funds, bonds, debentures etc. Their savings in NSS, postal certificates and insurance etc. amount to Rs 35 lakh.Among immovable assets, Patels own two apartments, one in Ellisbridge locality in Viraj's name and the other in Mumbai's Nana Chowk, in Siddharth's name. The estimated market value of these apartments is Rs 2.20 crore though they claimed to have spent about Rs 1.24 crore at the time of purchase. They also hold agriculture land worth Rs 1.04 crore, which has an estimated market value of Rs 54 crore. At Rs 34.64 crore, Virajben's immovable assets are more than her husband's immovable assets( worth 21.82 crore).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381882", "title": "Approved: Unproven scanner at unknown cost!", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) standing committee approved the purchase of vehicle scanning machines worth crores within seconds on Monday, leading to many raised eyebrows. The machine is supposed to help increase octroi collection, however, some members of the standing committee said they were not given any details of the project.Questions are being raised over the quick approval for such a big project linked to the revenue generating octroi department without taking members into confidence, or revealing the pros and cons.Member of standing committee and Shiv Sena corporator Alka Dalal said the proposal was approved by just announcing the number of the proposal mentioned in the agenda. \"Members should be informed about details of the project, whether small or big. This project is very big and also related to octroi. Such projects should be discussed at length before approving them. The agenda of standing committee is issued in such a manner that members cannot go through the proposals and files. It has become routine to issue agenda over the weekend before the meeting,\" she said.Senior most corporators Raju Lokhande, who is part of the BJP-led ruling alliance, too said the members were unaware of the details of the project. \"Demonstration of the scanning machines should have been done to inform us about the project. We were not even given information about the project and its value. I am opposed to the project,\" he said.Congress corporator Sujata Kombade also supported what Dalal and Lokhande pointed out. \"Proposals are passed within minutes without discussion,\" she said.However, another Congress corporator Praful Gudadhe supported the project with some conditions. \"I went into the details of the proposal and file. I support the project as it aims to increase the revenue of NMC and curb evasion cases,\" he said. At the same time, he also admitted that he had never seen such a machine and did not know about its results.BJP corporator Satish Holey supported the project and claimed it will help NMC.Standing panel chief Dayashankar Tiwari said members were free to check proposals and files. \"Members are free to speak in the meetings. But not a single member opposed or raised any query about the project in the meeting,\" he said.According to the proposal, the vehicle scanning machines will be installed on BOT basis at five major octroi posts. Vehicles will be scanned to find out the exact number and type of goods being transported and tally them with the declared list of goods at the octroi posts. Additional charges and ten times penalty will be recovered in case of any difference.The private agency implementing the project has claimed that it will increase NMC's revenue by Rs 105 crore in five years. NMC will pay the agency a fixed percentage of the increase in revenue, though this percentage has not been announced by NMC yet.The octroi is directly linked to citizens as it is an indirect tax. Any additional recovery in any form at the octroi posts will affect citizens.Sources told TOI that the vehicle scanning machines have failed to show results for Mumbai police and antiterrorist squad. \"Besides, Brihan Mumbai Municipal Corporation too planned to install these machines but has kept the proposal in abeyance. The vehicle scanning machines proposed in the project cannot scan goods in all boxes equally well. NMC should verify the success of the project at some other civic body before going ahead,\" the sources said.Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre too was of the opinion that the machines should be verified before the project is executed. \"The civic chief should investigate who introduced the concept to NMC. I have information that these machines have not been successful at any octroi post in the state,\" he said.PASSED IN SECONDS* Vehicle scanning machines worth crores okayed for purchase* It will help increase octroi collection but members not given any details of the project* But similar machines have failed to show results for Mumbai police and anti-terrorist squad* Opposition feels machines should be verified before the project is executed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17381360", "title": "Ganga Mahotsava pulling crowds", "text": "VARANASI: Ganga Mahotsava, the four-day cultural extravaganza, is pulling crowds of locals as well as foreigners on the banks of Ganga.On Saturday, the festival began with 'shehnai' recital by Ustad Ali Abbas Khan. Ustad showed his musical talent on 'shehnai' by playing different ragas and enthralled the audience. The other performer was Malvika Mitra from Kolkata who performed kathak. Lakshya Mohan gupta and Ayush Mohan Gupta performed on sitar and sarod while the members of Pratidhwani Sanskritik Sanstha presented a ballet on Ganga.The second day of the cultural festivity showcased the performance of Ustad Shahid Parvej Khan, Sanjeev Abhyankar, Vijay Kapoor, Parul Dixit, Shailbala, Krishan Kumar, Vishal Krishna, and the traditional dance pung cholam in martial arts form on Sunday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17381535", "title": "Six gram rakhis resign in Koraput district", "text": "KORAPUT: Six gram rakhis working in Koraput's Boipariguda area have resigned in the last three days. While three gram rakhis of Boipariguda put in their papers on Saturday, three from Batriput, Kathopoda and Koraput resigned on Sunday. \"We don't want to meet the same fate like our colleagues,\" said one of the village guards who resigned.Sources said several gram rakhis in the district are planning to resign after the recent murder of two village guards by Maoists. Gour Chandra Das of Dasmantpur village was killed by the Red rebels on November 23 and Bhagaban Naik of Girliput village, a few days before that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17380928", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation to clear roads of encroachments", "text": "INDORE: In a move to ease out traffic congestion on roads, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has decided clear footpaths and service roads off encroachments. Encroachments will be also removed from gardens, green zones and from over nullhas.The civic body also plans to come up with five hawker zones to clear the roads. The zones will be coming up at Anpurna, Pipliyaha, Killa Maidan, Scheme No 54 and Harshidhi. The civic body also plans to take action against the vendors occupying roads, on a regular basis.The decisions were made during the coordination committee meeting of various departments on Monday.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said that the road-side encroachment was a major hurdle for traffic. He said that anti-encroachment drives in the past were affected due to absence of police force. \"Now the police department will provide its personnel three days a week for the anti-encroachment drive,\" he said.Officials of MPEB assured to increase the number of transformers and also assured to take necessary actions to ensure that street lights remain lit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17382065", "title": "Skill development centres for Red-hit areas in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The district administration on Monday released funds for the construction of Industrial Training Institute (ITI), trainee hostel and two skill development centres for youths in the Maoist-dominated police stations of Hazaribag under the Vocational Training Programme and Development Plan of the Government of India.DC Manish Ranjan said, \"The worst affected Churchu police station, where no proper development has taken place, has been selected for setting up the skill development centre at Sarwaha village in Pakri Barwadih of Barkagaon block and at village Bara under Bishnugarh police station.\"He added that Rs 5.33 crore was released for the construction of the ITI training centre along with the hostel. For the two skill development centres, Rs 50 lakh was generated. The funds were released and allotted from the centrally sponsored Swarna Jayanti Swarojgar Yojana schemes for diverting the attention of the unemployed youths of the Maoist-affected areas in the district. He said under the programme experts will provide both long-term and short-term trainings to rural youths. In all, 120 youths will be provided short term-training of which 10 will be given crafts training for supervisory jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17380930", "title": "Officer inspects stadium ahead of Kabaddi WC", "text": "LUDHIANA: With preparations for the third Kabaddi World Cup in full swing, the additional secretary sports of Punjab, Daljit Singh, on Monday visited the district sports office at Guru Nanak Stadium to inspect the progress of the stadium construction. \"Work is on schedule and I have been assured that it will finish by December 5. Ludhiana will only host the closing ceremony, which is on December 15,\" he said. He also said all the teams have been confirmed and would reach two days before the opening ceremony on December 1.In preparations for the closing ceremony, two blocks of Guru Nanak stadium adjoining the main block have been under renovation.Amandeep Singh, SDO of Punjab Mandi Board, said, \"The canopy over B-block will be installed by November 28 and work to erect the canopy over F-block will start after that. The toilets in F-block have already been completed and work in B-block toilets is in its final stages. The additional secretary was a little concerned about the B-block toilets but we have ensured him that the complete work will be completed by December 5.\"After the inspection, the additional secretary held a meeting with the sports staff from the district who have been assigned duties during the event.Along with the coaches who have been assigned with the teams, all the other district coaches were also given final instructions, as Ludhiana will be hosting all the seven women's teams. District sports officer Kartar Singh said, \"The men's teams will be accommodated in Bathinda and Jalandhar. All seven of the women's teams will be accommodated in Ludhiana.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17382132", "title": "CM for liquor-free society", "text": "PATNA: With Bihar having declared 26/11 as Prohibition Day last year, all the liquor shops remained closed on Monday. On this occasion, CM Nitish Kumar released a message in his voice and also through SMS which is reaching people on their mobile phones. \"We want to make people aware about the ill-effects of liquor consumption, reduce the number of boozers and make the society free from this menace,\" the CM said at a function to mark the Prohibition Day.The SMS says: \"Drinking alcohol is injurious to health. Observe Nov 26 as alcohol prohibition day, let us all pledge to work towards an alcohol-free society.\" Nitish in his voice give this message, \"Namaskar! I am Nitish Kumar. Nov 26 is being observed as alcohol prohibition day. I request you not to consume alcohol and inspire others to quit this habit. It will help create a healthy and prosperous society. Thank you.\"The CM said a more vigorous campaign for prohibition would be launched next year. He felt that the impact of prohibition policy would be seen after some time, just as the impact of the antismoking drive was being seen now.Excise and prohibition minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav countered the allegations that liquor shops were being opened in every village and tola by saying that there were more than 8000 panchayats but the number of liquor shops in the state was a little over 5000. Nitish put the precise figure at 5624.The chief minister admitted a sharp increase in excise revenue. In 2005-06, the excise revenue stood at Rs 329 crore which, in 2011-12, shot up to Rs 2,045 crore. \"We are not interested in enhancing excise revenue but in ridding the society of this evil,\" he said.During the review of the excise department's working, it had been noticed that the same parties were manufacturer, wholesaler and retailer of liquor, the CM said and added that to break this chain, the beverage corporation was constituted, through which the wholesale trade been controlled, resulting into increase in revenue.\"I have asked the authorities to keep increasing the tax on alcohol so that people are discouraged from drinking,\" Nitish said and added that efforts were being made to completely shut down illicit liquor trade. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said the state government has launched an awareness campaign against drinking and the number of liquor shops would not be increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17381415", "title": "CSJMU VC sets up probe committee", "text": "KANPUR: In a meeting with a student delegation on Monday, CSJMU vice chancellor Prof Ashok Saxena refused to effect a rollback in the issue of examination fee hike, claiming the decision had been taken as it was the need of the hour.The short meeting ended with Saxena asking the students to deposit the examination fee so that they could appear in the university exams. The students attempted to register their protest against the university decision but were asked to leave by the cops on duty.Meanwhile, the vice chancellor took important decisions with regard to the Friday's incident where the security personnel and university staff had beaten up students who were protesting outside administrative building against the examination fee hike.An investigation committee has been formed by the university administration to look into the matter and submit its report at the earliest. The committee will probe the involvement of the university staff in thrashing students while they were protesting at the entrance gate of the administrative building. The students had gone there to meet registrar SW Hussain but were denied entry. The students had lodged an FIR with Kalyanpur police the same day naming three members of the university staff and 25 unidentified people of attacking them.The committee will also study the counter FIR registered by the university staff over the unidentified protesting students. In another important decision, the VC said the student leaders will be allowed to enter into administrative building at any time of the day. However, they will not be denied entry to meet registrar or deputy registrar.It was also decided that the medical expenses of treatment of Mohd Salman, President Student Union, Halim Muslim Degree College who was severely injured during lathicharge and was admitted in Ursala Horseman hospital will be borne by CSJMU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17381468", "title": "Indian cinema not just Bollywood: Kasaravalli", "text": "PANAJI: Armed with 30-years in the industry and several international and national accolades to his name, the special tribute paid at this year's International Film Festival of India (Iffi) 2012 to unassuming veteran Kannada director Girish Kasaravalli is long overdue. Screenings of some his award-winning films like 'Mane', 'Thai Saheba' and 'Dweepa' gave those familiar with his work a chance to reignite their cinematic delight and initiated the unaware into a holistic experience of the intricacies of his socio-political works. A product of the Film and Television Institute of India, Pune, Kasaravalli's ingenuity was displayed first with his debut film Ghatashraddha in 1977 winning a national award.His latest film, 'Kurmavatara', which premiered in Toronto revolves around the inward and outward journey of a civil servant forced to play the role of Mahatma Gandhi and how that influences his outlook. The title which translates to 'Tortoise...A Reincarnation' refers to the second avatar of Lord Vishnu. The film raises the question as to whether there exists a 'Kurmavatra' that can save the tension-filled world. \"It is about the politics of communication,\" the Padmashree and four-time Golden Lotus awardee said.'Kurmavatara' gains relevance in the context of the anti-corruption movement led by Gandhian Anna Hazare and focuses on the loss of ethics in public life. \"If you are not borrowing from the past you're a plagiarist,\" Kasaravalli quoted a noted filmmaker when elaborating on his work being influenced by the cinematic greats. \"If someone says they are not influenced by the past they are lying,\" he said.The director who has been known to wait for rain to get the right monsoon lighting is passionate about his chosen career. \"Filmmaking to us is like breathing,\" he said.Commenting on the representational scope and popularity of non-Hindi cinema he said, \"Our memory is too short. If one or two films are shown at Cannes we think that Indian cinema has been represented. The biggest tragedy is that Hindi films get the biggest visibility. There is a need to highlight that Indian cinema is not just Bollywood. We need to popularize Panorama films throughout the country. We need an osmosis where films from around the country should be properly publicized and should reach every nook and corner of the country. With the digital revolution, this process has become much easier. The directorate of film festivals (DFF) should go around the country and filmmakers in remote parts of the world should be able to gain exposure to unconventional cinema.\"Suggesting ways in which the government can promote parallel cinema he said, \"A separate exhibition network will have to be created. We need to change our casual approach to cinema. It should be made part of the educational curriculum. Cinema is not just entertainment. The visual or performing arts have always been neglected. The formation of film clubs could be a step in this direction. A platform is needed to promote these films and get them to their audience. Doordarshan did this for a while and it should resume doing so.\"With the country churning over 1,000 films a year, Kasaravalli stressed the need for a change in the infrastructure to accommodate distribution for the \"other kind of cinema\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381113", "title": "Teachers rue slow Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan enforcement", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A candlelit vigil was organized by Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan Teachers' Welfare Association (SSATWA) at Sector-17 Plaza on Monday. The vigil was held to show concern over the slow implementation of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and the Right to Education Act, 2009, pertaining to SSA teachers teaching in government schools of the city.The deadline to implement the various parameters of the RTE Act is coming close and the schools are still facing the shortage of teachers. SSATWA claim that the teacher-pupil ratio in more than 40% government schools in city do not meet the norms of the RTE Act.The association claim that despite the fact that the appointment procedure and work of SSA teachers is equivalent to regular teachers, their salary and service conditions are not. SSATWA president Arvind Rana said, \"With this candlelight vigil we are showing our concern towards the plight of SSA teachers who are waiting regularization of their service and children who need permanent teachers in their schools.\" SSATWA general secretary Ajay Upmanyu said, \"Children are suffering due to shortage of teachers, while SSA teachers are suffering due to unequal status, poor salary and service conditions. Due to the inequitable service conditions more than 60% of SSA teachers have quit their jobs and more will follow.\"He added, \"This is happening due to the slow implementation of orders clearing regularization of SSA teachers in March 2011 and August 2011, respectively. Even UT administrator Shivraj Patil directed the education secretary to take swift action for the regularization of SSA teachers.\"SSA teachers also paid homage to late Parvinderjit Singh, an SSA teacher from GMS-52 who died on November 20 this year. His dream to get regular in the education department and status at par with other teachers remained unfulfilled. Due to contractual nature of his job, no benefit of employee provident fund and insurance was received by his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381814", "title": "Show ID-card while booking train ticket", "text": "ALLAHABAD: From December 1, for booking a ticket in any reserved class of the train, a passenger will have to produce one of the prescribed proofs of identity failing which the said passenger will be treated as ticketless traveler and will have to pay fine accordingly.This provision will, however, not affect the existing provision of Tatkal scheme where during the journey, the passenger is required to show the original proof of identity indicated on the ticket.The number of prescribed proofs of identity have been increased from nine to ten by adding following identity card to the list of prescribed proofs identity:- Photo identity cards with serial number issued by Public Sector Undertakings of State/Central Government, District Administrations, Municipal bodies and Panchayat Administrations.Notably, the expanded list of the prescribed proofs of identity for undertaking journey on Tatkal ticket and other reserved classes will now be as follows:Voter Photo identity card issued by Election Commission of India ,passport,PAN Card issued by Income Tax Department,Driving Licence issued by RTO, Photo identity card having serial number issued by Central/State Government which include the following: Pension Pay Order s(PPO),Ration Card with photographs.Senior citizen cards, Below Poverty Line (BPL) cards, ESI cards (with photograph) issued for taking treatment in ESI dispensaries,CGHS Cards (with photograph) issued to individual family members of Central government employees.Student Identity Card with photograph issued by recognized School/College for their students, Nationalized Bank Passbook with photographs,Credit Cards issued by Banks with laminated photograph, Unique Identification Card \"Aadhaar' and Photo identity cards having serial number issued by Public Sector Undertakings of State/Central Government, District Administrations, Municipal bodies and Panchayat Administrations.The provision of showing of the identity cards have been made for facilitating the travel of bonafide and legitimate passengers and to reduce the scope for misuse of reserved ticketing system by unscrupulous elements/middlemen.Ministry of Railways has decided to extend the condition of carrying original proof of identity during travel on reserved tickets issued through Passenger Reservation System (PRS) for all reserved classes.The above change in the policy is aimed at facilitating the travel of bonafide and genuine passengers and simultaneously to check the scope for travel on transferred tickets. It is also considered that the proposed change shall also be useful from the security point of view.Talking to TOI, chief public relations officer of North Central Railway Sandeep Mathur said that the measure of carrying of the identity proofs in the reserved coaches have been introduced to check malpractices by touts and unscrupulous elements.This has been done to facilitate the genuine passengers to travel in the trains without any hassle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "in view of the thaipoosam festival at melmaruvathur, southern railway has decided to provide one-minute temporary stoppage for the following trains at melmaruvathur", "code": "17380603", "title": "Temporary stop for several trains at Melmaruvathur", "text": "In view of the Thaipoosam festival at Melmaruvathur, Southern Railway has decided to provide one-minute temporary stoppage for the following trains at Melmaruvathur:The Chennai Egmore-Tiruchchirappalli-Kumbakonam Rockfort Express will leave Melmaruvathur station at 9am from November 25 to January 26. The Chennai Egmore-Madurai Vaigai Express will arrive at the station at 12.11am during the same period.The Chennai Egmore-Sengottai Pothigai Express will stop at 9.35pm from November 26 to January 27 and and the Chennai Egmore-Madurai Pandiyan Express will stop at 10.51pm during the same period.The Kumbakonam/Tiruchchirappalli-Chennai Egmore Rockfort Express will stop at the station at 2.11am from November 25 to January 26 and the Madurai-Chennai Egmore Vaigai Express will stop at 12.40pm from November 26 to January 27. The Madurai-Chennai Egmore Pandiyan Express will stop at 10.51pm and the Sengottai-Chennai Egmore Pothigai Express will stop at 9.35pm at Melmaruvathur station.The Lokmanya Tilak-Madurai Express will stop at 1.50am, Bhubaneswar-Rameswaram Express will stop at 10.56am, Rameswaram-Bhubaneswar Express will stop at 8pm,Varanasi-Ramewaram Weekly Express will stop at 12.15am, Hazrat Nizamuddin-Madurai Tamil Nadu Sampark Kranti Express would stop at 8pm, Nizamudding-Kaniyakumari Thirukkural Express will stop at 8.01pm.The Kaniyakumari-Hazrat Nizamuddin Thirukural Express will stop at 7.05am, Mannargudi-Chennai Egmore Mannai Express will stop at 3.51am, Chennai-Egmore-Nagercoil Weekly Express will stop at 2.15am, Nagercoil-Chennai Egmore Weekly Express will stop at 4.05am, according to an official release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "17382179", "title": "'Set up agri clinics to address farmers' needs'", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Agri-clinic-cum-agri-business centres that address the needs of farming families should be set up across the country. Father of India's Green Revolution professor M S Swaminathan advocated this on Monday.Eminent geneticist and member of Parliament in Rajya Sabha, professor Swaminathan said this while delivering the first Dr Verghese Kurien Memorial Lecture at the Institute of Rural Management Anand (IRMA).IRMA has constituted the memorial lecture series which will be held annually to mark the birth anniversary of its founder chairman and Father of White Revolution Dr Kurien.On Monday, which was Kurien's 91st birth anniversary, Swaminathan delivered the first lecture of the series on 'The Cooperative Pathway of Enhancing Rural Livelihood and Nutrition Security'.Paying homage to Kurien, who passed away on September 9 this year, Swaminathan touched on various anomalies assailing the agricultural sector and the lessons it can learn from the dairy sector.\"The achievements of our dairy sector show that small scale dairy farming need not be a handicap if the technologies of production by masses and of mass production can be integrated in a suitable manner,\" he said.Expressing regret over the \"disinterest of the younger generation in farming and the consequent diversion of prime farm land for non-farm purposes\", Swaminathan advocated that the programme that Government of India had launched to enable farm graduates to start agri-clinics and agri-business centres, should be restructured.\"Ideally, a group of four to five farm graduates, who have specialised in agriculture, animal husbandry, fisheries, agri-business and home science, could jointly launch an agri-clinic-cum-agri-business centre in every block of the state. The multi-disciplinary expertise available within the group of young entrepreneurs will help them serve farm families in a holistic manner. Such as integrated centre can be named - Agricultural Transformation Centre,\" he said.The lecture was attended by Molly Kurien, Nirmala Kurien, alumni, faculty and staff of IRMA apart from senior employees of the Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation, National Dairy Development Board, Amul and other sister organizations at Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "17380614", "title": "B Tech student killed on Hisar university campus", "text": "HISAR: A 20-year-old college girl was hacked to death in full public view within the campus of Guru Jambheshwar University of Science &amp; Technology in Hisar on Monday afternoon.Police said Geetika Mehta was murdered by another student identified as Pradeep Nain, 21, for rejecting his 'friendship proposal'. The gory murder was witnessed by students of the university and shopkeepers who were sitting near where the girl was attacked. They caught Pradeep and handed him over to the police.Police officials said that Pardeep attacked Geetika, a student of BTech (computer science) and resident of Faridabad, at around 5.24 pm right after the girl had stepped out of an ATM located within the campus. According to eyewitnesses, Pardeep, a BTech (mechanical) student and resident of Hisar, had a heated argument with Geetika for few minutes and then suddenly attacked her with an axe. The accused hit her once on the neck and twice on the head with the axe, said an official. The girl died while being taken to hospital.Sources said Pardeep and Geetika were 'friends' but she had refused talking to him after his 'proposal'. Pardeep was feeling dejected ever since and wanted to teach her a lesson, said officers who interrogated the accused. University proctor Rajesh Malhotra said, \"Student sitting near the crime spot caught hold of the accused and handed him over to the police.\"Earlier on August 10, another girl student was stabbed to death at the same place on the campus by an outsider for rejecting the 'friendship proposal'. Chetan Sheoran, 21, was arrested by the police for killing 18-year-old Varsha Yadav, who had also succumbed to her wounds before medical aid could reach her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "17381545", "title": "Thane man dies in Patradevi motorcycle mishap", "text": "MANDREM: Manoj Kilje, 30, a resident of Thane-Mumbai, died on the spot, while pillion rider Pravin Gadagi, 29, was seriously injured on Sunday in an accident at Patradevi in Pernem taluka.The Pernem police said that while Kilje and Gadagi were proceeding towards Sindhudurg in Maharashtra their motorbike skidded off the road near the Paradevi checkpost junction, after the rider lost control.Kilje died on the spot due to severe head injuries, while the pillion rider, who was rushed to Goa Medical College, Bambolim, suffered multiple injuries and is in critical condition, police said.This is the fifth accident in a week on NH 17 in Pernem taluka, with two youth succumbing to their injuries. Pernem PI Tushar Lotlikar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17400351", "title": "Affiliated colleges to put information online", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University ( BAMU) has proposed to display all the information about the university and its affiliated colleges on the university's website.The management council in its meeting earlier this month had decided to make all the information of all the colleges available. The process has already been initiated for 2012-13.M S Shingare, Board of Colleges and University Development (BCUD) said, \"A workshop will be held for all the principals and computer savvy professors. The workshop will be compulsory for all, office superintendent who are permanent employees may also attend.\"Shingare said that during the workshop the candidates will be trained to input data of each college, name of the lecturers, number of students, name of the courses offered by the institute and their syllabus on the website. \"They will also be trained the methods to collect data in a specific format and a proper manner to present it,\" he said.He said that the canditates will also be trained to submit online proposal for distance learning courses for the academic year 2013-14.Nirmal Software has provided the university with the online system. More information can be accessed on www.bamu.net and affiliation.oaasisbamu.org. The workshop will be held on December 4 and 5 at Deogiri College, Aurangabad and Balbheem College auditorium, Beed, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bapatla", "code": "17382642", "title": "Boost power generation, says Rosaiah", "text": "BAPATLA: Stating that high priority was being given to meet the growing demand for power in the country, former chief minister of AP and Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah said that stepping up power generation in all forms was the only way to overcome the shortage. Speaking at a meeting organised in Bapatla town on Monday after inaugurating several developmental works, Rosaiah said that energy deficit has a negative impact on the agricultural sector and production was affected at various manufacturing units, including small-scale industries.Earlier in the day, Rosaiah inaugurated a drinking water scheme and a storm water drainage scheme. The Centre had released Rs 11.72 crore for the water scheme and Rs 39.17 crore for the drainage scheme. Cooperation minister Kasu Venkata Krishna Reddy, local legislator Gade Venkata Reddy, MLC Singam Basavapunnaiah and some other leaders were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17381305", "title": "Addl secy, power visits BHEL", "text": "BHOPAL: Devendra Chaudhry,additional secretary, power, government of India visited the BHEL, Bhopal factory on Monday. He held a brief discussion on various parameters ranging from quality of products, investment and effectiveness with the BHEL officials. M K Dube director, S S Gupta executive director , BHEL, Bhopal, Shashi Ranjan Prasad executive director, ROD and others were present on this occasion.Chaudhry appreciating the work culture of BHEL said that there still lies scope for improvement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381744", "title": "5 die on spot in road accident", "text": "ALLAHABAD: At least six persons were reported killed and five others sustained serious injuries when a tempo collided with a roadways bus near Saraygopal railway crossing under Soraon police station, here on Monday evening.Station officer Soroan Dhananjay Mishra told TOI that with the help of locals and health department officials police have carried out rescue operations and injured are being rushed to nearby hospitals for treatment.He added that the incident took place when a tempo coming from Soraon to Allahabad collided head-on with a roadways bus on its way to Faizabad.It was reported that five persons died on the spot. The collision was so massive. Police said following the road accident, a massive road blockage was occurred and police teams have been deployed to clear the route. The condition of two injured persons was stated critical.The identities of the deceased were yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17381620", "title": "City mourns martyrdom of Hazrat Imam Hussain", "text": "BAHRAICH: Several processions were taken out in the city and adjoining district Kaushambi on Yaum-e-Ashura, the tenth day of Muharram, to mourn the martyrdom of Hazrat Imam Hussain and his 72 followers slain at Karbala in Iraq .About 4000 taziyas were buried in Karbala of the district. There was 85-feet tall Tazia worth Rs 25 lakh in Risia village and the Tazia of Dargah Shareef was made with gold and silver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17383575", "title": "Congress activists swoop down on minister Ramdas's office", "text": "MYSORE: The Chamundi Hills land row on Monday took a political turn with Congress activists protesting against district minister S A Ramdas and trying to barge into his office, seeking his resignation.City police foiled their bid arrested 14 activists, including former MLA M K Somashekar and former mayor Purushothama. However, they were released later. Ramdas was not in his office when the incident occurred.Somashekar, the minister's bete norie, and his party activists staged a protest at Public Offices' Complex abutting the Mysore Palace where Ramdas' office is located. They had police permission to stage the protest. But they tried to barge into the minister's office on the ground floor when the police used force and arrested them. Referring to the charges made by BJP MLC G Madhusudana, they said Ramdas is involved in land scam, and sought his resignation. They also contended that the minister has failed to deliver when it comes to development works.Mysore MP Adagooru H Vishwanath said Ramdas is involved in land scams, and questioned the BJP leadership as to why it is silent about it.\"The saffron party acted quickly when former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's was named in the illegal mining scam. But the party is now silent. Is this not double standards?\" he asked. The Congress MP said Ramdas was named in T M Vijaybhaskar report which probed the land scam in the district. Vishwanath questioned Ramdas' assertion that he is clean and will swear on Goddess Chamundeshwari. \"Swearing on god itself belies his claim,\" the MP stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17382024", "title": "Class of students matters, not coaching centre", "text": "PATNA: If you think tuition centres help out children who are weak in studies, you are grossly mistaken. In fact, many coaching centres and private tutors take tests to admit students who have the potential to achieve perfect scores. Moreover, they have 'limited seats' in batches of 80-100 students.Interestingly, there are students who take private tuitions to get admission in coaching centres. Lata Sahay, whose son studies in Class X, said, \"My son was so tense if he would be able to clear the entrance test of the maths coaching centre he wanted admission in, because he thought the centre had the best teacher for the subject. He studied for that exam more than he usually does for his school tests.\"Another parent, Sunita Prakash, said, \"The concept of private tuition is not in vogue. Teachers take classes of 100-150 students and teach with mikes in their hands. There is no personal attention to students and it is more or less like school class.\"Earlier, students used to go to tuition centres to get a better understanding of the subject and clarification of any doubts. But with coaching centres becoming synonymous to schools, many students hesitate to spell out their qualms.Parents usually resort to extra coaching when their child needs help with lessons, but increasingly, tuition teachers seem to want only students who get perfect scores. Some tuition centre teachers agree that they take only \"serious students\" in their classes.There are coaching institutes who conduct entrance tests to segregate students into different batches according to their marks scored and their potential. Kanhaiya Singh of a coaching institute said, \"We take entrance tests because of two reasons: Firstly, to see if the student is of IIT or NIT-level and secondly, to group students according to their grades so that they are homogenous and facilitate the learning process.\"Commenting on the huge number of students being taught in batches, Singh said, \"The number of students in a batch doesn't matter if the teacher is experienced to handle big classes. I have taught batches of 1,000 students and every student was satisfied.\" He added, \"Generally, 80-100 students are taught in a batch and if the number is reduced, students will have to shell out more fee.\"School administrations should not allow teachers to give private tuition to children of their own schools, believes a parent. \"Tuition centres should return a percentage of the handsome fee they charge if students don't make it to engineering or medical institutes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380319", "title": "Aggrieved students move court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nothing gets done in Delhi University anymore without students or teachers protesting openly or moving court. Be it attendance, withdrawal of special chance or delayed declaration of results, the university's sudden introduction of new policies or change in the existing ones has adversely affected the career of students. Finding DU's grievance redressal mechanism inadequate, students have moved court on each of these issues.A group of 32 students was granted special chance but only after they moved court. \"We went to the university to ask officials to call a standing committee meeting, but they said they didn't know about the order,\" said law faculty student Raaid Hooda, who was denied special chance when the university withdrew the provision for special chance to write exams if the students couldn't complete their course in the stipulated period of six years (for a three-year degree).\"We filed the case but there are thousands who don't even know the provision is no longer available,\" added Hooda.Attendance has been a bone of contention. Groups of students \u00e2\u20ac\u201d many of them belonging to various quotas \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have taken their colleges to court after being barred from writing exams for insufficinet attendance. Unmukt Chand and about a dozen others had gone to court; the university allowed Chand but the others were debarred.A large batch of students from School of Open Learning went to court to be allowed to write the semester exams. They were being stopped as their results - of exams conducted by the same university - haven't yet arrived. \"The exam branch is constantly burdened by semester work and SOL is not priority,\" says Abha Dev Habib who teaches physics at Miranda House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17381269", "title": "4 chartered flights arrive in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Giving a fillip to the tourism sector in the state, four chartered flights arrived in Kochi on Monday with over 1,400 tourists, coinciding with the arrival of luxury cruise liner AIDA DIVA which docked at Kochi port on Sunday.These flights, which came from Germany through Frankfurt, Munich, Dusseldorf, Bahrain and Sharjah sectors, were operated by Condor Airlines, Air Berlin and TUIfly. The Cochin International Airport saw a flurry of activity as around 950 tourists who had arrived in Kochi on Sunday in AIDA DIVA went back by these chartered flights.Air Berlin which carried 292 passengers was the first to reach Kochi in the morning. Condor's two flights followed, and TUifly's flight reached at 12.30pm. A few scheduled flights too brought some passengers who are a part of this group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380228", "title": "Awana, Suyal strike, Tamil Nadu follow on", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bowling with the new ball early in the day has been the best time for the bowlers to operate at the Ferozeshah Kotla recently. The trend continued during the ongoing Ranji Trophy Group B match between Delhi and Tamil Nadu.Having played two matches in the last two weeks on a flat Kotla wicket, Delhi seamers, led by the ever-improving Parvinder Awana, used the conditions adeptly on the third day. Tamil Nadu were shot out for a paltry 226 with Awana (4/53) and Pawan Suyal (3/76) playing chief destructors.With just two overs remaining in the day, Tamil Nadu openers Abhinav Mukund and Arun Karthik found themselves back in the middle as the hosts, leading by a massive 329, enforced the follow-on. The visitors now need to last the final day's play to deny Delhi an outright win.There is a reason why Delhi coach Vijay Dahiya credits his bowlers more than the batsman for the happy situation his team is in despite the batters putting up 555/4 in the first innings.\"Tamil Nadu's score doesn't exactly reflect the nature of the wicket. This isn't tailor-made for the bowlers given the fact we made such a huge score with such ease,\" an elated Dahiya said. Awana, meanwhile, said the persistent breeze throughout the day helped their cause.The deal was simple for Awana and company -- make use of the new ball, and when two set batsmen in Dinesh Karthik (75) and R Prasanna (58) got going, keep the scoring rate down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379786", "title": "Head constable murder case: Was known for dedication to job", "text": "NEW DELHI: Forty-eight-year-old Ram Kishan, who died trying to stop criminals from entering the capital, had been a setter of examples throughout his life. That he was a braveheart was acknowledged by all but what set him apart from the rest was his extraordinary dedication to his job, friends, colleagues and family members told TOI on Monday.\"We often asked him why he put himself at so much risk even when his colleagues discouraged it. He would smile and say he was accountable to his conscience and God above all else,\" Kaptan Singh, Kishan's elder brother, said.A wrestler from Bapner village in Haryana, he stood 5 feet, 11 inches and had a reputation of \"being invincible\". He became state champion before winning medals at the national level in the late 1980s.\"He got married in 1986 at the age of 22 four years after he enrolled in Delhi Police. He then realized he had a family to support and moved to Nangloi,\" said a family member.Second among six brothers, Kishan was inspired by his father who served in the Indian Army. \"From an early age, Kishan wanted to serve the country. True to family tradition, he chose to join Delhi Police. Three of his brothers worked in the Army and Air Force,\" his son Neeraj Kumar said.His upbringing at Bupaniya village near Jhajjar notwithstanding, Kishan valued education and, with help of his wife Sunila Devi, ensured that his two sons Neeraj (22) and Dheeraj (20) received nothing short of the best.\"He did complain about the 8pm-8am night shifts. He loved spending time with his children at home in Veena Enclave in Nangloi. Today Neeraj is doing his M Tech from IIT-Roorkee. His brother Dheeraj is pursuing B Tech from Bahadurgarh,\" Bharat Singh, another brother of the deceased, said.Kishan was promoted to the post of head constable only in 1997. He had wished for an out-of-turn promotion. \"We rued the fact that work was not the sole criteria for promotions in Delhi Police,\" a relative, who did not wish to be named, said.Police said Kishan was posted at DAP battalions, traffic, security, New Delhi, South, West, North-West and Outer districts in the 30 years of his service. \"He was a good investigator and proficient in police station work. Committed and disciplined, he was awarded the Asadharan Karya Puraskar in 2003 and had been transferred to the Kanjhawala police station from Begumpur one-and-a-half years ago,\" DCP, Outer, BS Jaiswal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382157", "title": "St Xavier's may soon be granted full state aid", "text": "KOLKATA: St Xavier's College is all set to become a private minority-run university with full state aid. Once that happens, it will be the first institution of its kind in the country as minority institutions usually do not get full state aid.A meeting was held between the state education department and the college authorities at Bikash Bhavan on Monday, where the modalities of this completely new category of university were discussed. Though both sides said that the meeting was \"fruitful\", but they added that it was \"inconclusive\" at the moment and they would meet again on December 18. The two sides have decided to research on how this institution with a completely new status can be brought to life and once again return for discussions on December 18.Apart from the principal of St Xavier's College, Father Felix Raj, state education minister Bratya Basu attended the meeting. \"We want to keep education affordable which would be possible only if we get state aid. At the same time, we also want the private-minority run status. Since there is no such precedent in the country, we would do some homework on how this can be done and then get back again,\" Father Raj said, adding that this was the first meeting after the college submitted its proposal in October.It may be noted that Mamata Banerjee, who is also an honorary member of the alumni association of the college, is taking a personal interest in the upgrade of this 153-year-old institution. She had recently written to the college, saying that she was speeding up the process and it would soon come up for discussion. At present, the college receives state grant for a third of its expenses, over and above UGC grants.Three representatives from either side were present at the meeting that was attended by state education minister, Bratya Basu and principal of the college, Father Felix Raj. The proposal for the upgrade was sent by the college in October. None less than chief minister, Mamata Banerjee is taking a personal interest in the upgradation of the 153 year old institution. She is an honorary member of the alumni association of the college and had suggested in January, during the convocation that the college should think of expansion and upgradation.Recently, she wrote to the college that she is speeding up the process and the proposal would officially come up for discussion. The meeting was initially scheduled for Saturday but was postponed to Monday.Father Raj harped on the point of both state aid and minority status at the meeting. \"We want to keep education affordable which would be possible only if we get state aid. At the same time, we also want the private-minority run status. Since there is no such precedent in the country, we would do some homework on how this can be done and then get back again,\" Father Raj said, adding that this was the first meeting/discussion after the college submitted its proposal. \"The meeting was fruitful and has put the proposed university on the fast track,\" he said.The college receives state grant for a third of its expenses, over and above UGC grants. The proposal has asked for a manifold increase in state aid as a condition for the upgrade to a university. This first autonomous college of the state was already on an expansion mode, even before it had sent its proposal for upgradation to a university. The CM had granted it 16 acres of land at Rajarhat at a nominal price for this.The proposal submitted by the college has given details about how the Rajarhat campus will have a management school, an engineering college and a research hub for both pure and social sciences. For the MBA programmes in its university avataar, the college proposes to tie up with both XLRI and XIMB, the country's leading brands in management education. Once a university, there are plans to start an engineering school that will be run in partnership with Loyola College Chennai, St Joseph's Bangalore and St Xavier's Mumbai - the three Jesuit tech schools. The college also has six acres of land on the EM Bypass behind SRFTI where a mass communications hub will be set up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17380895", "title": "Woman hangs self", "text": "INDORE: A 42-year-old woman allegedly committed suicide after she felt helpless against the her serious health. The incident occurred in Palasia here on Sunday night.The deceased is Alka Badele, wife of Anil Badele. She was the resident of Badi Gwaltoli. The woman hanged herself inside her room from the ceiling at around 11 pm when the family members were asleep.According to the police, one of the family members saw the woman hanging in the night . Alka was rushed to MY Hospital where doctors declared her brought dead.The investigating officer Mithailal said that the woman was suffering from some disease and was quite distressed.Police said that the woman had started drinking which the family members did not like. This caused continuous fighting among family members.She hanged herself in the night. Police have sent the body to MY Hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17382833", "title": "Thiyam plans \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcchakravyuh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 on global issues", "text": "JAIPUR: With wraps on, the chill got more charming as the adda session with noted playwright and stage director Ratan Thiyam kicked off at a city hotel on Monday night.\"The world's a stage and our job is to create awareness ,\" said Thiyam, when asked if his plays could highlight and resolve the insurgency issues of Manipur.He is in town for his play at Jawahar Kala Kendra, which was staged on Sunday.The theatre director said his message has been loud and clear and hence the affected region is today on the global map and the people of the strife-torn state do not feel isolated . They now know that the world too is aware of their plight. his famous plays are Chakravyuha, Andha Yug and Imphal Imphal among several others.Is Manipur his one-stop destination? Thiyam said he would like to write and direct plays on the burning issues of Syria and Afghanistan among others.Thiyam was born on January 20, 1948 and is the winner of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1987. He is also one of the leading figures of the \"theatre of roots\" movement in Indian theatre, which started in 1970s.He also ridiculed the fact that people called the entire region as northeast despite the fact that there are seven states in the region.Speaking on the reason of returning his Padma Shri award in 2001, Thiyam said, \"I was pained when people were ruthlessly killed in the area and there was no hue and cry nationwide, instead the political bosses were busy salvaging the aftermath of Karunanidhi's arrest.\"Lamenting on the current scenario of Indian stagecraft, Thiyam said, fund crunch is a major hurdle. People seek passes but would not like to purchase tickets. \"Today , i never invite anyone to see my plays. People need to shell out a little to give threatre the much needed boost,\" he asked.Comparing the West, he said the stage culture is still so prevalent there. If a project costs Rs 15crore there, here we can hardly manage to gather up some Rs 5 lakh!The theatre guru was at his critic best and warned youngsters not to venture into the stage world, if they were looking for fame and money.He is also the founder-director of 'Chorus Repertory Theatre'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17381448", "title": "Ex-Harcourtians recall good old days at Hartcourt Butler Technological Institute", "text": "KANPUR: The reunion of 1981 batch of Hartcourtians was held on Sunday. The ex-students of 1988 and 1963 batches were felicitated on the occasion. AS Khanna, who passed out from the institute in 1948, was the guest of honour. He was also felicitated. The meet was inaugurated by RK Saxena, director, Defence Material And Stores Research and Development (DMSRDE), Kanpur.The atmosphere at the Hartcourt Butler Technological Institute came alive during the alumni meet. Around 100 Hartcourtians had come to HBTI to take part in the meet. They were seen enjoying their stay at the institute.An ex-student, who had come all the way from US, became nostalgic on being at the campus after several years. He said, \"It's a pleasure to be back in the institute today.\" Many ex-Hartcourtians had come from countries like France, Germany, UK, US and others.An ex-HBTI student said, \"It's a long time since I left the institute and moved out to make a professional career. It was an an emotional moment for us when we parted in 1981 but its good to be back again.When asked what changes the HBTI has undergone in the last 25 years, the ex-Hartcourtian add that there has been a tremendous change in the laboratories.Another ex-student, who was accompanied by his son, said: \"I have come back to Kanpur and the institute after a long time and I am enjoying it.\"The internationally renowned Hartcourt Butler Technological Institute, Kanpur, also celebrated the 92nd Foundation Day. Raghuraj Singh, secretary of Alumni Association of HBTI, said that some 100 ex-students had come to take part in the alumni meet. He said that nearly 300 former students were sent invitations. There are over 3,000 members of the alumni association. They are settled all over the world. There were lectures of entrepreneurship and other topics. Interactive sessions were held between the students and alumni in various departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381936", "title": "Central Railway shy of taking action in TVI scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite complaints, the Nagpur division of Central Railway seems to be shying away from taking action against operating department officials who cheated hundreds of railway employees by selling membership of Travel Ventures International (TVI) for Rs 15,500 promising high returns which were never delivered.On October 27, TOI had exposed the scam being run by a section of Central Railway officials. Till now only two tainted movement inspectors - Komal Gajbhiye and PD Raut - have been shifted for their involvement, but even after a month other movement inspectors and some clerical staff involved are still going scot-free.TOI is in possession of a written complaint filed by a goods train guard JK Gaurav and others including Neeraj Sharma, Janki Sharma and Sunil Waghmare, all residents of Shivdham Colony, Kamptee Road, to DRM Brijesh Dixit on November 12. But, there is no action against movement inspector concerned who lured them into the Ponzi scheme.Gaurav and others have alleged that movement inspectors Komal Gajbhiye and SK Jaiswal gave a presentation about the TVI scheme at his home and lured them of huge profits. All were made members in February 2011, even as the scheme closed down in July 2010. \"We did not receive any benefit till date,\" the complaint says.The complainants further alleged that operating department officials misused their position to make several employees as TVI members. \"We want our money back,\" the complaint states.Jaiswal is actually an area supervisor posted at station manager's office but operates from DRM's office. When asked Jaiswal said, \"Gaurav and others were made members by my wife and not me.\" However, complainants say Jaiswal and Gajbhiye approached them and not their wives. The Railway Service Conduct Rules state that employees and their kin should not indulge in any kind of monetary business. If they are involved, administration should be informed.Jaiswal is now mounting pressure on Gaurav to withdraw the complaint but aggrieved investors first want their money back. Two days ago, Jaiswal told TOI that Gaurav was his family friend and would sort out the matter with him.The DRM office is sitting on Gaurav's complaint. On October 28, Dixit had told this newspaper that he would act in the matter if employees file written complaints.\"We are not aware of Gaurav's complaint but assistant personnel officer (APO) Manjeet Sahani is investigating another complaint filed by a group of women against operating department officials,\" said a diplomatic PRO PD Patil.The probe seems to be an eyewash as nothing concrete has been done except for recording statements of tainted movement inspectors. The investigating official is not probing where the money went?\"Railway officials' bank transactions during the past three years should be checked. The scheme was a money game by robbing Peter to pay back Paul,\" says another complaint lodged with chief vigilance commissioner (CVC), Delhi.The complaint to CVC states movement inspectors, who are working on sensitive posts at Nagpur for over 15-20 years and handle policy matters, harassed train guards, station masters (SMs) and ASMs over postings, sanctioning leaves, duty rosters etc. Those who did not oblige to become TVI members were troubled.SCAM TRAIL* Operating department officials misused their position to make several employees TVI members* The members were promised high returns which were never delivered* TOI exposed the scam being run by a section of Central Railway officials* Two movement inspectors Komal Gajbhiye and PD Raut were shifted for their involvement in the scam* But some other movement inspectors and clerical staff involved in the scam are moving scot-free", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17380146", "title": "Hemashri died of chloroform overdose", "text": "BANGALORE: A panel of doctors from Victoria Hospital concluded that an overdose of chloroform killed TV actor Hemashri.Making detailed observations on the forensic, pathological and postmortem reports, the two-member team comprising Dr Sumangali and Dr Venkat said the 28-year-old actor was allegedly made to inhale excess chloroform. Sources in the Hebbal police said they've asked for another detailed report, quantifying the excess dosage administered to her.Hemashri's businessman husband, Surendra Babu, and his driver and Kaggadasapura resident, Satish, are in jail in connection with the murder. Police have traced the pharmacist who allegedly sold the chloroform to Babu.Hemashri was brought dead to Baptist Hospital, Hebbal by Surendra Babu on October 9. Babu initially claimed his wife had collapsed when they were on their way to Hyderabad in a car and he'd brought her to hospital. However, after intense grilling, Babu changed his story.Police said Hemashri marriage was troubled as she'd been against it from the beginning. Babu was allegedly upset his marriage hadn't even been consummated and hatched a plot to have his way with her.When Hemashri was headed to Hyderabad for a movie shoot, Babu offered to drop her in his car. Satish, Babu's former driver, was to drive the couple to Hyderabad.Police said Hemashri was in a dazed state even as they drove out of the city. Babu allegedly got Satish to drive to a farmhouse near Anantapur.While Satish left the couple and returned to Bangalore, police sources said the couple fought again after Hemashri woke up. The actor lost consciousness and was brought to Baptist Hospital where doctors declared her brought dead.Police suspect that Babu administered an overdose of chloroform to Hemashri which killed her. They said the couple shared a troubled relationship and Babu had arranged the trip to consummate their marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17380125", "title": "'Felt great to see Monty Panesar shine brightly'", "text": "LUDHIANA: As Monty Panesar scythed through the famed India batting lineup in the second Test, there was one man in Ludhiana who cheered the England off spinner all the way.Not many in the city know that England team bowler Panesar has a Ludhiana connection - his grandparents Hari Singh and Manjeet Kaur live in the Model Gram area of Ludhiana.Panesar's 85-year-old grandfather Hari Singh, a retired Railways mechanical inspector, told TOI: \"It was heartening to see him get the wicket of Sachin Tendulkar .\"Singh added: \"After Monty won the match for England, I got a call from Monty's mother Gurcharan Kaur from England. \"Monty's grandmother Manjeet said: \"Monty came to India about 7-8 years ago to play in Mohali and we met him there. He was very happy to see us. He has worked very hard. I remember my eldest son Paramjeet, Monty's father, taking him to cricket ground in a car and staying there till he finished practice. His efforts have borne fruit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17383935", "title": "'Haridas' audio launched", "text": "'Haridas' movie audio was launched on 26th Nov 2012 at the Sathyam Cinemas. Produced by Dr. V Ramadas and directed by GNR Kumaravelan, 'Hardidas' has Kishore, Sneha starring in the lead and the movie is expected to hit the screens by early 2013.The music has been composed by Vijay Antony. Director Bala unveiled the first CD of the audio and received by Vijay Antony. The film has three songs, apart from a theme song. For each and every child, his/her father is the first hero. This is the basic knot of the script.Balu Mahendra, Vikram, Rathanavelu, Bhagyaraj, Kishore, Sneha-Prasanna, Parotta Soori,lyricist Pa.Vijay, GNR.Kumaravelan, Dr V Ramadoss, Vijay Adhiraj, Prithviraj Das, Rakul Preet Singh were among those who graced the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380826", "title": "CM presents supplementary budget amidst pandemonium", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday presented his first supplementary budget of Rs 5861.30 crore in the Vidhan Sabha amidst pandemonium and ruckus created by the opposition over the allegedly dismal law and order situation and delay in announcement of sugarcane prices in the state.The hullabaloo, which began as soon as the House assembled in the morning, continued throughout the day with Speaker Mata Prasad Pandey rushing through the agenda amidst sloganeering and protests by the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) and Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) members in the well of the House. As the opposition refused to relent in spite of repeated appeals by the chair, the Speaker finally adjourned the House in a huff for the day at around 1.30 p.m.Taking strong objection to the continued protests by the BSP, parliamentary affairs minister Azam Khan was heard telling the House that time was required by the government to nab the criminals whose morale was very high because of the deeds of the previous BSP government.Mincing no words in denouncing the BSP, he said criminal elements patronized by the BSP government were active and out to disturb law and order in Mathura, Ghaziabad and Faizabad, which had recently witnessed violence. In a stern warning, he said, all such elements would be taken to task and soon all of them would be behind the bars. He said the government would also not spare all those former BSP ministers, who had auctioned the interests of the state and now declared outlawed and were on the run.However, unmindful of all this, a determined and aggressive opposition took on the government. As soon as the House assembled at 11 am, BSP members holding placards and donning blue-colored caps carrying anti-government slogans, rushed to the well and shouted full-throated slogans.They were soon joined by the RLD members wearing green-colored caps and waiving banners. Though both the BSP and RLD adopted common strategy to nail the government for its alleged failure on various counts, the BSP mainly focused its attention on deteriorating law and order situation by conveying its concern over increased incidents of murder and rape and demanding imposition of President's rule by dismissing the Akhilesh Yadav government. On the other hand, the RLD was centered around the cane price issue, which according to it should be announced immediately.As the uproar plunged the House into a chaos, the Speaker was forced to adjourn it within minutes of assembling. The adjournment was extended repeatedly, following which the question hour had to be suspended. Likewise, no other notices, that were slated to be taken up under different rules, could be taken up on the day.Curiously, the CM was present in the House even though it remained adjourned. As he had ample free time, it was like a 'janata darshan' for the legislators who vied with one another to talk to him and give him written representations which got piled on his table. The continuity was broken only when former MP, chief minister and BJP MLA Uma Bharti came along with other party MLAs to meet him. Greeting her with folded hands, Akhilesh quickly came out of the House escorting the BJP leader to his office where the two remained closeted for about 15 minutes to discuss, among other things, issues related to the Ganga cleaning and cane price announcement.As the House reassembled again after the question hour at around 12.20 pm, the BSP members were again on their toes to raise anti-government slogans. However, this time the BJP members became aggressive and rushed to the well of the House with many of its women MLAs virtually taking the lead. They tried to push the marshals to move to the Speaker's podium but were pushed back and the House was again adjourned for 10 minutes and then later for the day.However, the BJP members continued to stage a sit in in the well of the House even after the House was adjourned. They insisted that the government should announce cane price without any delay and extend the sitting of the current session of the House, which is due to adjourn sine die on Friday. They later lifted their dharma around 3 p.m after the persuasion of the Speaker who assured them to personally look into their demands.Reacting to the BSP's attempt to stall the proceedings of the House, BJP leader Hukum Singh said that it was a well-calculated move on the part of the BSP, which was hand in gloves with the ruling SP. However, rebutting the charges, BSP leader Swami Prasad Maurya said \"the state was heading from bad to worst due to the deteriorating law and order situation\". Describing the government as an utter failure, he said, \"the state was now having a 'goonda raj' and 'danga raj' under the rule of Akhilesh Yadav government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17380908", "title": "BSNL proposes exchange in Wadala-Pathardi area", "text": "NASHIK: Emerging as one of the 45 districts that earn 80 per cent of revenue of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL), Nashik has been selected for an expansion project in which BSNL, Nashik has proposed a telephone exchange on Wadala-Pathardi road as well as laying of optical fibre cable at 14 select locations.\"We have identified 14 locations in Nashik city which have potential for rapid expansion. Some of these are on the periphery while others are in the middle of the city - all developing at a rapid pace. We have proposed for a telephone exchange on Wadala-Pathardi road, along with laying underground cable in 14 different areas evaluated on a commercially viable-basis,\" informed Nitin Mahajan, Additional General Manager, BSNL Nashik.Tied down in the last few years, BSNL, which failed to expand due to lack of funds, is now looking forward to taking areas under its ambit, by expanding its landline telephony as well as catering to the broadband facility. It is a new lease of life for BSNL, Nashik, as far as taking over competitors in the city is concerned.\"It is a fact that wired network is always better than the 'wireless' (mobile) network and so broadband is in great demand. The tariffs have fallen and this would soon see a surge in demand for wired connections. We have therefore planned a proposal for development in 14 pockets. The same has been sent to the central office and we are hopeful that it would be sanctioned,\" Mahajan said.The areas where expansion is proposed are known either by buildings or projects, and include Sadguru Nagar, Vasant Chandra in Govind Nagar area and Thakker's Harmony in Kathe Galli. Similarly on Nashik Road the expansion is proposed at Chaitanya Nagar, Gaikwad Mala, Aute Mala, Hari Aangan, Ashwin Colony, Gadekar Mala and Mayur Society. The area around Adgaon Truck Terminus and MGV Education Institute from Panchavati, Simhastha Nagar from CIDCO and Navsha Ganapati in Anandvalli have also been included in the proposal.At the MGV Institute, the virtually private network is on the cards. Officials from BSNL pointed out that funds made available would expand the network and provide services to the existing as well as the prospect customers. Before the selection of the areas, the demand for the land lines as well as the broadbands was taken into consideration and accordingly, the feasibility was worked out.The demand list was collected from at least 21 areas, the officials said, of which 14 areas were found viable and hence the proposal was floated.The officials further said that BSNL was also thinking of laying the optical fibre cable along with the copper cable in the same trench to avoid the duplicity of work and cut down the costs as well. \"Although the demand for the fibre to the home (FTTH) at present is low, we are confident that our readiness in the fastest growing areas would only reward in time,\" Mahajan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17381976", "title": "Skeleton's recovery creates sensation in Muzaffarpur", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: The recovery of a damaged human skeleton on Monday morning from the small covered drain in front of the house of a teenaged girl, Navruna (14), on Jawaharlal Road has created sensation in the town. The girl's parents as well as the police refused to identify the body because of its rotten condition. The girl was kidnapped 67 days ago.SSP Rajesh Kumar said the skeleton was being sent to Patna-based forensic laboratory to identify the skeleton's age. The result of the test was expected within a week, the SSP said adding the DNA test of the parents might be required only when the age of the skeleton is ascertained. The SSP said that the bones looked as if it belonged to some elderly person and it was also not known when the body was put in the drain. Strangely, the skeleton did not emit any foul smell.The SSP, however, suspect the hand of a worker from Nidan engaged in doing town cleaning work on behalf of the municipal corporation. He who recovered the body from the drain. He informed the media and SSP on phone about recovering the body but did not inform the kidnapped girl's parents. He would be interrogated by the police as to how he started digging the drain at the particular place.On the other hand, the kidnapped girl's parents Atulya Chakravorty and Maitri Devi said the body did not resemble that of a young girl. They showed the frock of their kidnapped daughter to prove she was not even an adult. They said they had requested the Nidan worker to ensure the mud would be removed immediately being taken out of the drain. But when he refused, they contacted the mayor, Varsha Singh. The mayor then sent another lot of workers. On the direction of the municipal councillor, Poonam Sinha's husband Rakesh Ranjan, the workers started removing slabs from an abandoned portion of the drain to clean it. It was then that the skeleton was recovered. The skull and some large pieces of bones, kept inside a rotten gunny bag, were taken out of the drain. A few pieces of rotten clothes resembling a pair of boy's jeans were also found in the gunny bag.Incidentally, the girl was wearing only bermudas on the night of September 19 when was kidnapped from her bedroom. The skull and bones have been collected by policemen and taken to Town PS from where they were sent to Patna for forensic test.Navruna's parents reiterated on Monday that their daughter was kidnapped only after negotiation for selling their land and house started. They said they were negotiating their sale with three property dealers, Ranjit Thakur, Mukesh Thakur and Prabhu Dayal. Police have so far arrested three persons in connection with Navruna's kidnapping case. The arrested persons are still in jail but the girl has not yet been recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17381517", "title": "Kerala delegate held for stealing DFF dir's laptop", "text": "PANAJI: Manydas Kunnambath Venu, a resident of Thrissur, Kerala, and a student of Calicut University has been arrested for the theft of director of film festival Shankar Mohan's laptop.Picked up on suspicion by private security guards from a venue of the International film festival of India (Iffi), Venu told Panaji police during interrogation that he had taken the laptop and that it was in his hotel room.\"During the search of the room we found other articles. We attached a Kodak digital camera, a Canon digital camera, two mobile phones, one iPod , a black purse, two cards of ICICI bank in the name of Renu Oberoi and a Seagate hard disk,\" SP Vijay Singh told reporters.Explaining how Venu was apprehended, Panaji PI Rajendra Prabhudesai told TOI that after the laptop was stolen a few suspicious persons were rounded up and private security guards were told to be extra vigilant.\"A private security guard first saw Venu lift a bag lying at the venue. When he was questioned, he told the guard he took it by mistake. The second time, when he started loitering around the venue again, security guards Mahesh Ghadi Gaonakar and Pavan Yadav caught him and handed him over to the police outpost at the ESG complex.\"The student is a delegate at Iffi. Renu Oberoi, programme head, Habitat World, is also a delegate. On November 25 she registered a complaint that her bag was missing from an Iffi venue. It contained her PAN card, driver's licence, ICICI bank debit card, UID card, smartcard vehicle registration, office ID card, 8,000 and a Canon camera, she said.Mohan's Dell laptop is worth 50,000 and had been stolen from his cabin on November 21. The complaint was filed by Prashant Kumar, deputy director, Iffi administration, said police.Singh said during interrogation Venu admitted to stealing Oberoi's bag too. He has been arrested under theft Sections 379 and 380 of IPC.Panaji police have received about 10 complaints of missing mobile phones and delegate passes.On November 22, Ramesh Nair, a photographer with Solaris Images, Mumbai, complained that his camera and lenses, worth about 2 lakh, were stolen from the room of his hotel opposite the starred hotel where the three-day NFDC bazaar was under way. He was on assignment to shoot at the bazaar. Nair is back in Mumbai and police said they are investigating.Singh said authorities who issue delegate passes should put checks in place before approving delegates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381757", "title": "Scientists, teachers, students to arrive for IIIT-A's conclave", "text": "ALLAHABAD: At the fifth Science Conclave of the Indian Institute of Information Technology Allahabad (IIIT-A) from December 8 to 14, a congregation of Nobel laureates and international scientists is expected with bigger participation of foreign students and teachers than before.Director and chairman of the organising committee -2012 Dr M D Tiwari said participants from ASEAN, SAARC and Africa would take part for the first time in the conclave. A total of 41 participants from Brunei, Cambodia, Lao PDR, Myanmar, Singapore, Philippines and Thailand would take part in the conclave. A list of participants who have confirmed has already been received by the institute from ASEAN Secretariat. Similarly, participants from SAARC and Africa were likely to take part. Around 24 research scholars and teachers from Madagascar, Tanzania, Ghana, Sierra Leona, Benin Zimbabwe, Togo Tunisia, Kenya, Sudan, Burundi and Eritrea already took part in a three-week programme organised by IIIT-A on the initiative of Ministry of Affairs and Science and Technology.\"As many as 1,458 science students and teachers from 22 states have been selected under five groups including physics, chemistry, mathematics, engineering and biological science.About 24 committees have been constituted to ensure smooth conduct and preparations are on in full swing on the campus to give final shape to the programme.Explaining the purpose of the annual intellectual gatherings of Nobel Laureates and eminent national and international scientists, Dr Tiwari said main objective was to provide platform for free interaction to young students, teachers and researchers to interact with high-profile intelligentsia, show them the excitement of scientific research and motivate them to take up study of science as their careers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380075", "title": "SC set to hear \u00e2\u20ac\u02dctandoor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 case plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven years after admitting his appeal against death sentence in the infamous 'tandoor' murder case, the Supreme Court on Monday agreed to hear condemned convict and former Congress leader Sushil Sharma from January 22 next year.On his appeal against Delhi High Court's order upholding the trial court's decision to impose death penalty on him for murdering Naina Sahni in July 1995 and attempting to burn the body in a restaurant oven, the apex court had stayed his execution on May 7, 2005, more than seven years ago.Appearing for the convict, advocate Subramoniam Prasad requested a bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justices S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar for early hearing of the appeal as the \"sword of death penalty has been hanging over his head and he has been living in a state of uncertainty for more than a decade with every single day becoming agonizingly painful\".The sensational murder took place in the heart of the Capital and the main accused and his associate audaciously tried to burn Sahni's body in a restaurant oven just 500 metres from Parliament. Sharma was arrested on July 25, 1995, and has been in jail since then.\"Appellant has been languishing in custody for over 17 years continuously and therefore, prays for an expeditious disposal of his criminal appeal,\" the counsel said.Sharma said he had already undergone incarceration for more than 17 years and the uncertainty of his fate was taking a toll on his state of mind as well as health. \"Each passing day is agonizingly unbearable as much as the appellant feels that he has practically undergone life imprisonment and still there is a possibility that he may be put to death,\" Prasad said.The counsel said Sharma's conduct and behaviour in jail for the past 17 years had been exemplary.\"Further, he has successfully completed computer course which shows that he has shown signs of reformation,\" he said, seeking early adjudication of his appeal against conviction and death sentence.The convict said he was the only son of his ailing parents, who were aged 80 years and 72 years. He said there was no one in the family to look after them and his plea for release on parole had been rejected.Sharma's counsel said, \"Though he could not do anything for his parents during the prime time in his life, he wishes to do something for them in the dusk of their lives, when they need his services the most.\"On December 13, 2010, Justice P Sathasivam had rejected Sharma's plea for interim bail but had ordered that \"since the death reference is pending from the year 2007, post the appeal for final disposal immediately after the winter vacation\".Two winter vacations have gone by and a third is approaching. On August 19 last year, Justice R M Lodha, during in-chamber proceedings, had rejected Sharma's bail plea but had directed early hearing of the appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17381477", "title": "Kanya Vidya Dhan forms missing", "text": "KANPUR: Majority of forms of Kanya Vidya Dhan are missing from the DIOS office. The authorities of the education department are busy in tallying the form numbers with the data in the office computers.According to sources, as many as 1,039 forms of Kanya Vidya Dhan are missing from the DIOS records. These forms were kept at Government Inter College (GIC), Chunniganj. Sources stated that the data is also not matching in many forms.The tallying work continued even on Sunday.The state government has decided to provide Rs 30,000 as financial help to Class XII passout girls, hailing from weaker economic background, for the higher education.As per the government order, a girl who had passed intermediate or equivalent examination in 2012 and onwards will qualify for this scheme, provided her total annual family income is not more than Rs 35,000.In phase one of Kanya Vidya Dhan, the forms were deposited to avail this money from September 6 to 20.A total of 22,263 girls of the city are scheduled to be benefited from the scheme. The data feeding work was done at AB Vidyalaya, Mall Road. It was checked at a college in Bhauti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17382111", "title": "Mumbai NGO lends support to cash-strapped PTR", "text": "Daltonganj: The strapped Palamu Tiger Reserve has finally found some relief. Wildlife Conservation Trust (WCT), a Mumbai-based non-governmental organization, has come to the rescue of the cash-starved reserve that has been struggling to keep poachers and timber smugglers at bay.WCT donated 20 bikes and two four-wheelers, worth Rs 26 lakh, to Palamu Reserve for proper patrolling in the area.Forest officers had difficulty in patrolling the 400sqkm core area and the 1,026sqkm buffer area as there were not enough vehicles. As a result, poaching and timber smuggling became rampant. \"With the new vehicles, patrolling will be more effective,\" said Premjit Anand, core conservator of the reserve forest.The Jharkhand principal conservator of forest and chief wildlife warden A K Malhotra played a key role in roping in the NGO, added Anand.Deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto who is also the forest sand environment minister, handed over the keys to the reserve forest authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17381010", "title": "'Was an honour to receive the car'", "text": "LUDHIANA: The first president of India, Dr Rajendra Prasad , gifted his 1947 Oldsmobile car to Guru Nanak Dev Polytechnic and Engineering College, Gill Road, during his visit in 1956.Retired principal of the college Surinder Bir Singh, 66, a resident of Kochar Market, said the car has been well-maintained by the college and is still in running condition. \"It reminds us of the humble gesture of the first President. There were hardly four to five cars in the city then and it was an honour for the college to receive this historical car,\" he added. The college got a chance to host another former President Dr N Sanjiva Reddy on completing its silver jubilee.The city will also host the 13th President of India Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday when he visits the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU). PAU vice-chancellor Baldev Singh Dhillon said it would be an honour for the university to receive the President, who will the be the second one after Dr A P J Abdul Kalam to have visited the varsity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380310", "title": "HC relief for visually impaired student", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coming to the rescue of a visually impaired girl, the Delhi high court has directed Delhi University to provide her hostel facility till October next year to complete PhD. The court also asked the hostel management to treat her as a student and desist from asking her to pay the hostel charges as a guest.Allowing the plea of Kumud Rani Garg, a bench of Justices Pardeep Nandrajog and Manmohan Singh asked DU to allocate her a room in three days. \"We dispose of the petition issuing a mandamus to the university to re-allot the hostel seat to the petitioner and to ask for the normal mess and residency charges and not guest charges. The fee would not be charged for the duration she was not allowed to reside in the hostel,\" the bench said. It rejected DU's argument that \"the university rules / ordinance has an outer limit of residency as six years with entitlement to be extended by six months on special considerations\". In the hostel, 3% seats are reserved for visually, hearing and physically impaired students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17379955", "title": "Willing to return if given adequate security: Lalit Modi", "text": "MUMBAI: Former Indian Premier League (IPL) chairman Lalit Modi said he was willing to return to India if he was assured foolproof security cover.In an exclusive chat with TOI from London, Modi said, \"If I am provided adequate security, and I should know I am secure, I shall certainly consider returning.\"Modi also added that he wouldn't have left the country in the first place if his security cover hadn't been taken away. He blamed a high-ranking Cabinet minister for his security cover being taken away while he was here.\"I have no reason to believe why this (high-ranking) minister did not play a role. My security in India was taken away despite threats from the underworld, and despite being categorically told that hitmen had been looking all over for me,\" he said.Modi said the minister may have taken offence because he had shifted the IPL to South Africa due to the 2009 General Elections. He refused to elaborate.Until now Modi had maintained that investigating authorities, including from the Enforcement Directorate and Income Tax department, were most welcome to meet him in London or talk to him through video-conference if they intended to question him over any of the allegations against him. This is the first time that he has offered to return if certain conditions were met.Modi also added that he has enough proof, including emails that were sent to him in which there were assassination threats. \"In December 2010, I made an application under the RTI to obtain documents that would prove how government authorities suppressed and manipulated information about me in order to publicly misrepresent my motives. Finally, 23 months later, I have received some of the documents that I had requested for,\" he said.\"Those now in my possession show that my absence (from India) is for genuine reasons and that the Enforcement Directorate and the Indian Passport office have completely underestimated the level of threat against me. I have been presented as a fugitive who is wilfully evading authorities which is incorrect,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381390", "title": "Declare Swargate 'no-hawking' zone, suggest traffic police", "text": "PUNE: The traffic police have blamed the Pune Municipal Corporation for hawkers' encroachment on footpaths at the Keshavrao Jedhe chowk i.e. Swargate.Traffic authorities suggest that an anti-encroachment van of the civic body should be stationed at the junction from as early as 8 am till 9 pm. However, the PMC van are at the junction from 10.30 am to 5 pm i.e. the office hours.Prashant Inamdar, the convenor of Pedestrians first, said, \"The encroachers reappear in the evening which is the peak period. Besides, no action is taken on holidays, when pedestrian movement increases significantly. The civic body never takes action against licensed kiosks at the side of the road, who occupy space beyond their sanctioned limits,\" Inamdar said.Besides encroachment on footpaths, haphazard parking of autorickshaws also causes major problems at the Jedhe chowk, which is one of the busiest junctions in the city with five roads converging. The chaos due to encroachments also makes it one of the most dangerous for pedestrians who have to walk and run while dodging vehicles from all directions.Many accidents have occurred at the chowk with pedestrians being the first casualty. In spite of the chaos, there has been no serious effort to make the junction safe for people. The TOI had, in the first week of September this year, extensively highlighted the problems at Jedhe chowk along with suggestions from experts.Officials of the Swargate traffic division say that the roads and footpaths at the junction are occupied by hawkers and handcart vendors. There is no space left on the footpaths for pedestrians to walk, forcing them to walk on the roads which is risky, the traffic officials said.Officials of the Swargate traffic division have sent a letter to Inamdar of Pedestrians First suggesting that up to 200 metres of the area surrounding the Swargate bus terminal should be declared a no-hawking zone. Inamdar has extensively studied the problems at the chowk.The traffic officials have also suggested to the PMPML that the main bus-stop for buses going to Dhayari opposite Jijau hotel should be shifted to the left side of the road opposite to the Nehru stadium police chowkey.A number of buses are seen parked in the middle of the road near the bus-stop. This affects movement of traffic and causes congestion. Traffic officials said that consistent action is taken against autorickshaws parked near the 'in and out' gates of the Swargate ST bus terminal. Inamdar said that Jedhe chowk is a very important junction as the ST bus terminal, BRT station and PMP bus stand are located in the same area. \"There is a heavy movement of buses, other vehicles and also pedestrians in the area. The area does not have proper facilities for pedestrians'', he said.Pedestrians First, in a letter sent to the PMC, said the Jedhe chowk should be declared a 'no tolerance zone'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17383511", "title": "I want to do action films: Vidyut", "text": "In 2012, he had two Tamil films with two stop stars in Kollywood - Ajith and Vijay. And now Bollywood hunk Vidyut Jammwal seems to be sitting pretty on his current success. Interestingly, his connect to Tamil films began in 2011 when he acted in the Hindi remake of Suriya's Kaakha Kaakha for which he bagged the Filmfare Award for Best Debut.Vidyut says his entry into films was by accident but Thuppakki 's success today has the actor on a high. \"I really enjoyed working on the A R Murugadoss-Vijay project. I love the way Vijay dances, he's very good. He's very sharp - he can watch an action sequence once and do it the way he's supposed without a rehearsal,\" he says.What was his Murugadoss experience like? The actor says laughing, \"Murugadoss has a fantastic sense of humour. Though he was speaking in Tamil and I didn't get most of what he said, he made me laugh a lot. Vijay would translate what he said for me.\"Having worked with two top stars here, Vidyut says he was impressed with their humility and down-to-earth attitude. \"What I have learned from Vijay is that it pays to quiet at times and from Ajith that you need to be chivalrous to women ,\" says Vidyut.\"I also met Vikram recently and thought he looked totally fit and smart,\" says the fitness freak, who prefers to do his own stunt sequences, adding, \"I've studied martial arts and since I used to spend my summers during school in Kerala, I also learnt forms like Kalaripayattu.\"Considering he has the looks, knows martial art and more, what about doing hero roles? \"I met some directors from K-Town recently and they asked me why I wasn't playing hero roles. I told them they need to offer me such films,\" he laughs, adding he's currently looking at scripts where he would play the lead. \"I am looking at everything that's coming my way. I'll do whatever I feel is right at that moment,\" says the actor.Ask him what he's looking to achieve in cinema and Vidyut says he has a clear focus. \"I want to do action films. Currently, I am doing Commando in Hindi which is an out-and-out action. I'm quite excited by this film,\" signs off Vidyut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17381453", "title": "House tax issue hots up", "text": "KANPUR: Battlelines have been drawn between the authorities of Kanpur municipal corporation (KMC) and the corporators over the issue of enhancement of house tax.Municipal commissioner NK Singh Chauhan made it clear on Monday that house tax would be enhanced at all cost to improve the financial condition of KMC. \"Those who are not willing to pay house tax should go and live in villages,\" he added.Chauhan said that the municipal act was clear on this point and there was a provision that tax could be enhanced without seeking ratification from the house. Therefore there was no need to present the issue before the KMC house.He clarified that if there was any objection, he/she should come forward and lodge complaints. Chauhan said that KMC had not enhanced house tax since the last six years.Meanwhile, the joint front of corporators on Monday lodged protest and raised objections against the move. KMC had mooted a proposal to enhance the house tax by 10 to 15 per cent from 2013-14 financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "17382191", "title": "Transfer of depts to GTA not before 2015", "text": "DARJEELING: Home secretary Basudeb Banerjee on Monday said he couldn't give a time frame for the transfer of all departments to the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA).But pressed by the 45 GTA members at Lalkhoti, Banerjee said: \"I am only a bureaucrat. It is up to the government to set a time frame, but, if you want me to say, I would say 2015. Let me also tell the members here that the state government is expediting the process of the transfer\".Later, briefing the media, the home secretary said that the order has already been issued for the transfer of 27 departments to GTA. Three departments - sports, statistics and town and country planning - had to be set up by GTA and the process to transfer 10 more departments would be completed in a few weeks, he added.Terming the meeting cordial and fruitful, the home secretary said clarification on certain queries raised by GTA would be taken up with the state.\"It is time to deliver on the promises made to the Hills people. It is the duty of the state government also the GTA,\" he said.Among the issues that were discussed were the transfer of reserved forests, recognition and upgrade of schools as well as filling up of vacant posts without the concurrence of the state government, said GTA executive member Roshan Giri.Since the transfer of reserved forests was under the central government, they would take it up in Delhi soon, Giri said. \"In the Bodoland, North Kachar Hills and Karbi Anglong, reserved forests have been transferred and are being managed successfully. If the North East can do it then, why not GTA,\" he argued.GTA will have its own chief medical officer of health. The Victoria and Dow Hill Schools in Kurseong that is under the state government will also be transferred to GTA. PWD bungalows will also be under GTA control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380021", "title": "12-year-old girl killed in celebratory firing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Celebratory firing claimed another life on Sunday when a man fired his revolver during a wedding in west Delhi and one of the bullets pierced his cousin, a 12-year-old girl.The deceased has been identified as Shivi Gupta, a native of Modi Nagar in Uttar Pradesh, who had come along with her cousin Shankar Gupta to attend the wedding in Mundka area here. Police say Shankar is absconding.Police have registered a case of causing death due to negligence under section 304A of IPC and Arms Act. The incident took place around 10.30pm at IP Motel banquet hall on Rohtak Road. The deceased and Shankar had come to attend the wedding of their relative.The incident was reported to the police late as the family took away the body to Modi Nagar but later it was brought to the capital by a police team and a post mortem was conducted at Sanjay Gandhi hospital.As per witnesses, the incident took place when the baraat reached the venue and Shankar whipped out his licensed revolver and opened fire. A bullet hit his cousin's chest who was standing nearby.\"The exact description of how exactly Shivi got shot is yet to be verified but instead of rushing her to the hospital the relatives took her to Modi Nagar where she died. The licence of the revolver was found to issued in the name of issued in the name of Shankar's uncle. Efforts are on to nab Shankar and recover the weapon,\" said a senior police officer.In another incident, an advocate was assaulted during a wedding ceremony in Saket, south Delhi, on Sunday. The victim was involved in a brawl with some youths at the wedding and when he came out, the youths followed him and attacked him outside the venue, a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17382178", "title": "Rebel minister stokes 'cut money' debate", "text": "SINGUR: Defiant Trinamool Congress minister from Singur Rabindranath Bhattacharya, who has already informed Mamata Banerjee that he isn't willing to take up his new assignment as minister for statistics and programme implementation, on Monday raked up the \"cut money\" controversy that the CM had referred to on Saturday.Urging Mamata to tackle corruption among party ranks, he said: \"I have come to know from the media that the chief minister has expressed her concern over cut money. I share her concern. I have come across such complaints and have inquired into such allegations over school appointments in Singur. I had never expected this after the poribartan in Bengal. The chief minister should take steps to weed out such ills.\"Referring to party colleague Becharam Manna's buying a car - which he had questioned earlier - the mastermoshai clarified on Monday: \"Becha has shown me papers that he had taken a bank loan to buy the car.\" Bhattacharya took up the car issue to explain that he didn't spare anyone in Trinamool Congress's Singur unit.However, his detractors in the party were quick to point out that Singur panchayat samiti chairperson Sulekha Malik and Anandanagar gram panchayat pradhan Prem Adhikary, who were expelled from the party on corruption charges, were Bhattacharya loyalists.Meanwhile, Bhattacharya - who was the face of Singur agitation - now has no assurance for the landowners who had refused compensation cheques at his word.\"Some landowners from Khaserbheri called on me on Sunday. They are scared about their future. I told them that I stood beside them when no one was ready to take up their cause. I had requested them not to take compensation cheques, but left it to them to take the final decision. Now I hear that many people are ready to take the compensation but the land office at Chinsurah is not paying them,\" Bhattacharya said.Even if these comments sound as withdrawal symptoms, Bhattacharya won't announce it on his own. He'd rather wait for a day or two for the government to define his political status - a minister or MLA - that would be clear from the invite it will send to Bhattacharya before the CM's Singur meet on November 30. A grassroots politician, Bhattacharya has already sensed the tell-tale signs from the thinning crowd in front his house at Shibarambati village and more from the fact that no call has come from the chief minister yet.As though he was preparing for life beyond politics, Bhattacharya spent time with a group of monks from the nearby ashram who had come to give him diksha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17382158", "title": "Prisoners protest cell searches, frisking", "text": "COIMBATORE: Seven prisoners created a ruckus inside the Coimbatore Central Prison complex by climbing atop a tree and roof of a block when the authorities attempted to search their cells and frisk them on Monday.The whole drama began around 9am on Monday when prison authorities attempted to frisk Chinnaraj, Karthi, Ramesh, Santosh and Stephen - all arrested under Goondas Act. Refusing to co-operate with prison authorities, all five prisoners fled to the rooftop of the first block. They allegedly began to throw roof tiles and attempted to slit their wrists, arms and chest with glass pieces in protest. Two other prisoners, Dilipkumar and Manikandan climbed up a tree in the compound in support of the other protesters.The prisoners threatened to jump to the ground from the rooftop and tree. They alleged that they were being harassed by prison warders in the guise of conducting searches in the cells. The protesting prisoners demanded that all frisking and searches be stopped.Meanwhile, 20 remand prisoners sat on a hunger strike in support of the seven prisoners. A tense atmosphere continued to prevail inside the prison for about two hours until the jail superintendent S Rajendran and other senior officials managed to pacify the protesters and restore normalcy. The prisoners climbed down and were admitted to the prison hospital for treatment. The remand prisoners withdrew the hunger strike.\"The prisoners detained under Goondas Act demanded that all cell searches and frisking be stopped. It's our duty to frisk them to curb entry of contraband items inside the prison complex. We will take stringent action against the prisoners who attempt to create tension,\" said Rajendran.Tension prevailed in the Coimbatore Central Prison complex after seven prisoners detained under Goondas Act staged a protest by climbing on to the roof and a tree inside the prison compound on Monday morning.Five of them went up to the roof of one of the barracks while the remaining two climbed up a tree in the compound. Three of the prisoners slit their wrist using glass pieces and raised slogans against the prison officials for harassing them regularly in the guise of frisking operations.Meanwhile, 20 other prisoners sat on a hunger strike in solidarity with the protesting prisoners. The situation prevailed for about two hours until the jail superintendent S Rajendran and other senior officials managed to pacify the protesters and restore normalcy in the prison complex.Over 2,000 remand and convicted prisoners including 60 persons detained under Goondas Act have been lodged in the prison. The prison officials have been conducting regular frisk with the prisoners who were detained under Goondas Act. The prisoners agitated for the regular frisk and demanded the prison authorities to not conduct frisk with them.On Monday around 9 am, five prisoners Chinnaraj, Karthi, Ramesh , Santhosh, and Stephen had climbed up to the roof of first block of the prison. They threw roof tiles and later they had slit their writs, arms and chest with glass pieces.Meanwhile, two other prisoners Dilipkumar, Manikandan had climbed up a tree in the compound. They threatened that they would jump off from the building and a tree. The prisoners demanded the officials that they were harassed by the prison warders while conducting frisk at the cells. The warders conducted frisk regular basis and beat them also. The prisoners requested the officials that the regular frisk should not be conducted at their cells.The prisoners insisted other remand prisoners to conduct a hunger strike and requested to support them. They had planned to conduct a mass protest against the prison authorities for conducting the frisk.Meanwhile, 20 remand prisoners sat on a hunger strike. The prison superintendent Rajendran asked them to climb down from the building and a tree. He warned them that stringent action would be taken against them if they won't climb down. Later, the seven prisoners climbed down from the building and a tree and five of them were admitted at prison hospital for treatment. Other 20 remand prisoners withdrew the hunger strike.\"The prisoners detained under Goondas Act demanded not to conduct any frisk at their cells. It's our duty to conduct frisk to confirm any contraband items available at their cells. We would take stringent action against the prisoners who tried to create tension in the prison complex,\" said Rajendran.He also added that the prisoners insisted other remand prisoners to support them and planned to conduct a mass hunger strike. However, other remand prisoners did not support them and maintained peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17381564", "title": "Suicide bids at Trichy collectorate baffle officials", "text": "TRICHY: The police have reason to believe that the 'suicide attempts\" in front of the Trichy collector's office particularly on Mondays seem orchestrated by vested interests. A two-litre can filled with kerosene was snatched away from a woman on Monday at the collector's office where for the first time Armed Reserve police were deployed.Last Monday, a certain Vijaya, 40, from Srirangam tried to immolate despite heavy police security. However, women police present at the office overpowered her and later whisked her away along with her baby. District collector Jayashree Muralidharan took the self-immolation attempts seriously as it was suspected to be the handiwork of some mystery group that wanted to bring disrepute to the collector. Meanwhile, Muralidharan was incensed as the self-immolation attempts took place Monday after Monday without fail. Monday's incident was the sixth in the last two months.On August 27, a differently-abled Suresh, 24, from Keerambur village attempted suicide for not getting a loan, and it was followed on October 10, by a certain P Rajamanickam, 55, who attempted to expose his village president of Thirupanchali by trying to set himself ablaze. But both of them were let off the hook after some primary counselling. But in the third incident, the cantonment police filed a case against one Inbavalli under section 309 and later released her on bail.In Monday's incident, a woman named Rajarathinam, 40, complained that her 200 sq ft land had been usurped by her own relatives. However, she later told police that she was just carrying the kerosene and not for any attempt to suicide, a theory the police took with a pinch of salt. What made the police look defeated was that despite heavy cordoning off of the collector's office with more than a dozen policemen from the armed reserve, the woman managed to carry the kerosene can inside the office. Rajaramthinam was remanded after filing a case under section 309 of IPC, said cantonment inspector Sigamani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17381737", "title": "Law &amp; order in Itanagar normal: Arunachal govt", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh government on Monday said law and order scenario in the state capital was normal and that the government is taking all possible measures to maintain it.The state government's reaction came in the backdrop of BJP's allegation of complete breakdown in law and order and accusing the government for this. \"The government is duty-bound and committed to ensuring peace, security and safety of its citizens by maintaining law and order and we will do it without fear or favour,\" parliamentary secretary (Home) Gada Ete said in a statement.\"The situation in the last few days cannot be dubbed as \"breakdown of law and order. At no point of time, the district administration and police will let the situation get out of hand. Police and law-enforcing agencies were on their toes and kept strict vigil on the situation,\" he said.Ete appealed to the BJP to refrain from accusing the state government without knowing the facts and realizing the steps initiated by the home department to maintain law and order in the state capital as well as across the state.\"There were reports of forceful donations and extortions from the market, particularly in the Capital Complex, which were, however, not officially intimated to the district administration or police. The business communities had downed shutters without intimating or reporting their apprehensions to the administration. Despite the fact, the capital administration and police made all out efforts to ensure security and instil confidence in the people as well as the business community,\" he said.He added that a flag march with police and magistrates was done on November 22 to instill confidence in traders. However, the situation in the state capital is completely normal at the moment. The district administration, police and the home department are monitoring the situation.It is worth mentioning here that the unfortunate turn of events was due to All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) elections scheduled to be held at Ziro in Lower Subansiri district and its subsequent postponement.\"The government doesn't have anything to say in the internal matters of the Union. However, the turn of events that created hurdles in the normal functioning of day-to-day life of common citizens that disturbed their peace, safety and security is a matter of concern,\" said Ete.He said the government was also concerned over the possession of arms by Aapsu delegates that was revealed at Ziro recently. However, 342 licensed arms were seized by Ziro Police in the run-up to the Aapsu elections, he added. \"Police have seized three pistols, nine 12 bore SBBL guns, two .22 revolvers, seven .22 riffles and an airgun from the possession of Aapsu activists,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "17381600", "title": "Netas stop demolition of shack at Calangute", "text": "CANDOLIM: Calangute MLA Michael Lobo and Calangute panch Joseph Sequeira on Monday stopped a demolition squad of the tourism department from fully demolishing a shack at Gauravaddo, Calangute.Following chief minister Manohar Parrikar's visit to Calangute on Sunday to check illegalities by beach shack operators, a tourism department team descended on the beach on Monday morning and began demolishing an 'illegal' private shack and confiscated two truck-loads of beach beds, tables, chairs and mattresses.The squad was led by tourism deputy director Hanumant Parsekar and consisted of around 25-30 labourers and was provided protection by an armed police squad of around 40 IRB policemen.The demolished shack belonged to Caitan Mascarenhas of Gauravaddo.Speaking to TOI, Parsekar said, \"We demolished one shack which was illegal and also confiscated a large number of beach beds, chairs, tables, mattresses and other material which were kept there illegally.\"The clean-up operation came to a grinding halt when Sequeira, rushed to the spot and demanded that the tourism department squad stop the demolition.Talking to TOI, Sequeira said, \"I was annoyed because they started demolishing shacks in private property. I told them to stop. These people only have jurisdiction on the beach, not over shacks in private property. It is for panchayats to take action against shacks in private properties. This is pure trespass into private property\". \"They cannot enter private property and demolish a shack without issuing notice. I told them to stop it and stood in front of the shack which they had almost demolished and asked them to arrest me if they wanted to,\" he added.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo also rushed to the spot. He told TOI that the confiscated beds were stored behind the shack and the demolished shack was used as a shed by locals to store fishing nets.\"What is the meaning of this? I could not contact the chief minister over the phone, so I spoke to the tourism director, tourism secretary and tourism minister Dilip Parulekar and after they intervened the tourism department squad returned the beach beds and other material and went back,\" Lobo said.Tourism director Nikhil Desai asserted that the shack was erected on public property. \"The party had applied for a shack licence in private property and we granted it. On paper, the shack is on private property, but instead the applicant built the shack on a public beach after shifting the boundary stone. We verified this and went in for the demolition,\" he said.Times ViewInterference must be dealt with an iron handNot having the requisite licence from tourism department for a shack should invoke stringent penalty and interference by a panch, an ex-sarpanch and MLA tantamounts to preventing a government official from discharging his duties, punishable under law. Such interference during demolition of an illegal structure points towards vested interests and should be investigated. There are many more such illegal structures on the beaches and the tourism department should deal with it with an iron hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17381011", "title": "Dugri school gears up for President's visit", "text": "LUDHIANA: After having the honour of CM Sheila Dikshit's visit, students of Sat Paul Mittal School are now busy preparing to welcome President Pranab Mukherjee to their school on Tuesday.The President has been invited to lay the foundation stone for the Mittal Auditorium, touted be the largest in town spread over 1 lakh square feet with a seating capacity of 800. The auditorium will have two seminar halls, besides a badminton , basketball and tennis court. School principal Bhupinder Gogia said, \"During Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit's visit only the students of Pravesh Vatika got the opportunity to interact with her, but this time the students from all the classes will get to interact with the President.\"While the school management is making sure that the arrangements are made according to the instructions provided by the President's office, the students too are busy making their own preparations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17381400", "title": "Cops \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcthrash\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 students protesting against exam fee hike", "text": "KANPUR: University students protesting against the examination fee hike outside the district magistrate's Civil Lines residence were allegedly cane-charged by the city police here on Monday afternoon. Nearly six students are said to have suffered injuries in the incident.Earlier in the day, angry students from various degree colleges lodged a series of protests by way of demonstrations at the college campuses. Divided in groups, the students moved from one degree college to another and forcibly tried getting the colleges closed. At BND college, the students sat on a dharna and damaged furniture, after which the authorities closed the college for the day. Another student group reached Christ Church college and created a ruckus, leading to a scuffle between the students and the college staff.The students thereafter allegedly ransacked furniture and raised anti-vice chancellor slogans. When the securitymen and homeguards deputed at the college intervened, the students reportedly set the college furniture on fire before fleeing from the spot.SN Sen Degree college and Juhari Devi girls college also witnessed protests on the same issue.The students then gathered at DM MP Agarwal's residence to meet him and hand over a memorandum demanding a rollback of the hiked examination fee. However, since the DM was not present, ADM City Anup Srivastava reached the spot and tried to pacify the students. He assured them of a meeting with the university administration to resolve the issue, but the students were not satisfied and they sat on a dharna.Eyewitnesses said the DM himself reached in the meantime and listened to the grievances of the agitators. The students were assured of help but it was also made clear to them that the decision of rollback of hiked examination fees was not his jurisdiction. This angered the students further, who decided to continue the protest.The police is then said to have resorted to lathi-charge to disperse the student. However, students said the use of force was unprovoked and excessive, and they were thrashed mercilessly. Two of the injured were admitted in Hallet hospital. \"Our colleagues were beaten up badly. The police kicked, cane-charged and abused them. They also threatened to lodge FIRs against us,\" said a weeping girl student who was part of the protest. She added, \"The police held some of our colleagues by their hair, cane-charged and slapped them before driving them outside the DM's residence. Even girls were not spared.\"Another student who received injury on his back and legs said his weak economic background does not permit him to pay the hiked fee amount. He said the students were simply protesting against the inconsiderate decision, but were beaten up like hardcore criminals.It is worth mentioning here that last Friday, the students who were protesting at the administrative building against CSJMU administration's decision of hiking the examination fee were thrashed by university staff and police on the university campus. The incident had left Mohd Salman, President of Student Union at Halim Muslim Degree College seriously inured and he is undergoing treatment at Ursala hospital. Other students who participated in the protest too were left injured.The two incidents have now left the students angered who have vowed to take their protest to the next level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17384319", "title": "Jayalalithaa to meet Karnataka CM to sort out Cauvery river issue", "text": "CHENNAI: In a significant development, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa will meet her Karnataka counter part Jagadish Shettar on Thursday to find a solution to the contentious issue of sharing Cauvery river water.Her move came against the backdrop of Monday's Supreme Court suggestion that an amicable solution to the Cauvery row could be thrashed out if both Tamil Nadu and Karnataka chief ministers sat and discussed the issue together.However, the court did not issue any direction to both the states but adjourned the matter for further hearing on Friday to know the feasibility and time schedule for a possible meeting between the two CMs.However, an official release from the TN government said that as per the suggestion of the Supreme Court, Jayalalithaa will meet Jagadish at Bangalore and would hold discussions on the issue.The state government's decision also comes in the wake of a worsening situation in the delta districts where a farmer committed suicide, upset over possible crop loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17381518", "title": "Of hope", "text": "The Collem village panchayat bears a worried air these days. Locals across the nine wards will tell you that ever since mining activities were shut in the state this October, 30% of the 7,500 population, especially the youngsters, has been left without a source of livelihood.Hope, if any, is gushing in the treacherous trade of carting tourists to and from the stunning Dudhsagar waterfall nearby. Several youngsters are looking to run jeeps on this watery circuit.\"The government must allow local youngsters to ferry tourists to and from the waterfall in their jeeps. The wildlife board must meet immediately to decide on increasing the number of jeeps allowed,\" says Umesh Naik, a resident of Shigao.The tourist season started on October 14, and locals say the 98 jeeps that currently operate on the circuit have already completed 2,809 trips.Naik says the 98 jeeps have been engaged since 2004 and are too few for the massive increase in tourists visiting the waterfall in recent years. He alleged the wildlife board has not met since 2010 which is why the number of jeeps has remained static.The forest department's wildlife board supervises and manages the ferrying of tourists to the Dudhsagar waterfall and engages jeeps with proper registration. No person can ferry tourists professionally without its licence.D Carvalho, deputy conservator of forests (wildlife), refuted the allegation that the board has not met since 2010. He said the board meets every year, but the need to increase the number of jeeps had not been felt. \"But there has been a four-fold rise in the number of tourists visiting Dudhsagar in the last couple of years and the board could consider the locals' request to increase the number of jeeps. Locals affected by the Mollem wildlife sanctuary would be given preference,\" Carvalho told TOI.Sarpanch Savita Desai said locals must get employment and the panchayat will welcome the wildlife board's decision to increase the number of jeeps with preference to localsBut the Dudhsagar Tour Operators' Association doesn't want the number increased. Association chairman Tribolo Souza said the muddy road that passes through thick forests is very narrow and two vehicles cannot pass at a time. A ravine on one side of the road and the lack of parking space in the forest and village are other problems. \"The jeeps should not be increased or the earnings of the jeep owners will become too small to be affordable,\" Souza said.He added that the travel through watery stretches causes breakdowns often and the vehicles end up being sold cheaply as scrap.But Krishna Matnekar, a resident of Souzamol, said employment was an urgent need, especially in his village where a majority of locals have lost their livelihood in the current mining scenario.\"Unemployment is a big issue in this village, which has worsened after the closure of mining. About 30% of our locals were directly dependent on mining and are now searching for other options,\" he said. Pointing to other problems, he said malfunctioning streetlights is an issue. \"We have to travel via a crematorium to get to our village and at night this is scary. We need proper lighting,\" said Matnekar.TOI's efforts to get a comment from local MLA Ganesh Gaonkar, who is also a member of the wildlife board, proved futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17381978", "title": "Work on Digha-Sonepur bridge in full swing", "text": "PATNA: Work on the Digha-Sonepur rail-cum-road bridge is going on in full swing. Out of the 36 spans, the railways is likely to complete 19 spans in the current fiscal year. About 1,000 workers have been pressed into service to work round-the-clock for early completion of the project.According to ECR CPRO Amitabh Prabhakar, the railways is carrying out work relating to erection of girders on the spans through conventional method on at least two of the spans. Altogether 12 spans of the bridge have already been completed while work on other spans have been going on under the direct supervision of technical experts, he said adding that the entire project will come up at an estimated cost of Rs 1450 crore.Railway officials supervising the work have, however, hinted that the cost escalation could go up to Rs 2400 crore, sources said .The CPRO said the railways has completed six spans each on both north and south ends of the bridge. Technical experts of railways have been ensuring super quality work of the bridge, he said adding that the railways is building the bridge with the most modern technology to maintain quality work.According to sources, the railways is carrying out fabrication and erection work on the ambitious rail bridge over the Ganga at Digha in Patna. Erection work is also being carried out at the same time on the bridge. The distance between two spans is about 131 metres. Both fabrication and erection works have been the part of the super structure work of the mega bridge, the sources said.According to an ECR official , this will be the longest rail-cum-road bridge of Indian Railways having length of about 4.5 km. This bridge will connect south and north ends to the state capital. The railways is urgently in need of about 6.52 acres of land at Bind Toli in Digha, current encroached by villagers, to complete the guide bund of the bridge , sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17380222", "title": "Kargil hero\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s father moves SC for justice", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Continuing his 13-year-old bitter battle, retired scientist Dr N K Kalia, father of Kargil martyr Captain Saurabh Kalia, who was made captive and subjected to brutal torture by Pakistan army in 1999, has now knocked the door of apex court seeking directions to Union government to take up his son's case at the international judicial forum.In his petition to the Supreme Court, Dr Kalia has contended that the ministry of external affairs (MEA) and ministry of home affairs (MHA) should ask International Court of Justice (ICJ) to expose the \"torture\" that resulted in Captain Kalia's death.Dr N K Kalia, who retired from CSIR, has been shuttling from Ministry of Defence (MOD) to Army headquarters and MEA to Prime Minister's Office (PMO) in the past 13 years, has alleged that the act at the behest of Pakistan government is in violation of the Geneva Convention.He wants the Indian government to exert pressure on Pakistan to apologize, identify and punish those Pakistani soldiers indulged in the barbaric torture of Captain Kalia.In his petition, copy of which is with the TOI, Kalia has argued that the attitude of the Indian government in not responding to various representations made by him for appropriate action against the Pakistan government at the international forum, has forced him to approach the SC to bring justice to the Indian soldiers who were subject to war crimes by Pakistan.His lawyer at Supreme Court Arvind Kumar Sharma told TOI on Monday that the petition has been filed and is expected to come up for hearing within a fortnight.Barbaric ActImmediately after getting commission into 4-Jat regiment of army, Saurabh Kalia was posted in Kargil area. In May 1999, Captain Kalia had gone out for patrol duty in Kaksar area of Kargil along with five other soldiers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Sepoys Arjunram Baswana, Mula Ram Bidiasar, Naresh Singh Sinsinwar, Bhanwar Lal Bagaria and Bhika Ram Mudh. They were caught by the Pakistan army, which kept them in captivity for over 22 days and subjected to brutal torture as evident from their bodies handed over by the Pakistan Army on June 9, 1999. Parts of their body were burnt with cigarettes, eyes were gorged out before puncturing, teeth and bones were broken and various limbs and private organs of these soldiers were chopped off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17379832", "title": "Residents win fight against bootleggers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of Banjara Colony in Falaknuma have managed what many colonies in Chatrinaka police limits have failed to do in decades-ridding their neighbourhood of illicit liquor (gudamba) menace that has plagued them for three decades, within a month.Ravindra Naik Banjara Colony which houses 3000 families is one among many areas within the 5 km limit of Chatrinika PS that serves as a hotbed for gudamba sale. Liquor brewed in Dhoolpet, used to make its way to numerous sale points here before the break of the dawn. Sale points in many such localities have thrived for decades, allegedly with the patronage of the local police. Drunkards are a nuisance to residents, women and children in particular. Deaths due to consumption of adulterated liquor are frequent in these areas but the concern for one's health and well-being has not permeated. After deciding that they have had enough, the residents of Banjara Colony, began counseling gudamba consumers last month and 30 sale points that have existed for around three decades, were shut with the assistance of the excise and prohibition officials.\"Pleading with the sellers to mend their ways was not working. So we decided to start with the consumers. Soon we managed to keep the regular customers away from the sale points in our locality. This hurt the sellers who began threatening us,\" said Raju Vadhya Naik a resident of the area.Not cowered by the threats, around 100 locals formed groups and began targeting the sellers. The strength of numbers was intimidating and with many sellers the locals were able to reason. Others who were unyielding were threatened with dire consequences if they did not wind up their business in the area.The cleaning up of the colony which is less than 20 meters away from the Falaknuma railway station has made the railway station safer as well. The station was a haven for addicts while locals also point out that people from as far as Lingampalli would arrive at the colony on local trains just to buy liquor.\"The railway station is safer for travelers now. Crimes like chain snatching and pick-pocketing which were mainly committed by the addicts have also stopped. The area is safer for locals to step out even during the night,\" said K Narender, a businessman from the area.Naik adds that many families in the colony have lost a member to gudamba addiction and many families have moved out, unable to put up anymore. \"Sensitising the residents about the ill effects of gudamba was difficult but it was done because many families have witnessed loss of life due to the addiction,\" he said.Charminar excise officials booked 10 cases in the last 25 days and arrested 15 people, including those who were declared absconding in earlier cases. K Bharath Bhushan, inspector Charminar prohibition and excise police station said, \"We were available to the locals through out during the day. They even detained few notorious sellers at odd hoursand informed us to effect arrest. Only with the assistance of the locals, it is possible to put an end to large scale gudamba sale. With the community sensitised it is easy to keep people away from it. Should the menace rear its head again it is easier to deal with it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382781", "title": "Govt stakes claim to 50% tuition fee of aided colleges", "text": "KOLKATA: The cashstrapped Mamata Banerjee administration has asked all 432 government-aided colleges to hand in 50% of their tuition fees with effect from April 1, 2012. The move will earn it an additional Rs 8 crore a year.The colleges, however, will not be able to hike tuition fees without the government's consent. \"We pay the salary of part-time and fulltime teachers. Thus, there is no reason for the colleges to retain the entire share of tuition fees,\" said an official with the higher education department. The government also bears the cost of development and construction work besides paying for seminars and symposiums, the officer said.\"The decision has been taken to ensure that we get the share of tuition fees that is rightfully ours,\" education minister Bratya Basu said.Officers in the higher education department pointed out that before 1982, the government was entitled to 75% of the tuition fees that government-aided colleges collected in keeping with the West Bengal Colleges Payment of Salaries Act, 1978. In 1982, the share was changed to 50:50 because the colleges started paying the salaries of parttime teachers. In 1995, the government asked the colleges to keep the entire quantum of tuition fees because the number of parttime teachers was on the rise. From 2010, the government started paying the salaries of both full-time and part-time teachers.Debjani Nag, principal of Shri Shikshayatan College said, \"We are a linguistic minority college. I haven't seen the circular. I will have to find out if our college will also have to submit 50% of the fees.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17381339", "title": "Rare official documents on display", "text": "VARANASI: A sum of Rs 93,085 was collected as donation from the people and authorities for the construction of a hospital in Varanasi to commemorate the visit of Prince of Wales to Varanasi in 1875. This fact came to light from the records (document number 1,268 and bundle number 43) of the regional archives of Varanasi, culture department which has exhibited rare official documents in an exhibition organised in the gallery of Bharat Kala Bhawan, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) from November 23 to November 27.The document mentions the name of the donors and amount donated by them. It is in the form of a letter addressed to British authorities in 1875 AD and mentions that the inhabitants of Varanasi held a meeting and elected an executive committee to carry out the donation works. As mentioned in the letter, Maharaja of Banaras donated Rs 25,000, Banaras Municipality (VMC) donated Rs 20,000, Maharaja Vijaynagaram contributed Rs 15,000.The regional archives officer said that no existence of the hospital has been traced yet. The document has been collected from Varanasi collectorate and stored in the archives office for many years.The records about the existence of Maha Varuni Snan which was held 1892, 1895, 1901 and 1905 on the banks of Varuna were also displayed.The document states that around 5 to 6 lakh pilgrims participated in the religious ritual which was held on the confluence of Varuna and Ganga.The archives exhibition focused on Banaras. The pathetic condition of Ganga and the roads and sewage system in 1920s were also mentioned. A letter written by Madan Mohan Malviya to secretary of the state, stating the need of Improvement Trust (which was a similar body as the Varanasi Development Authority) in the city was also exhibited. Malviya described the need of the pucca ghats on the western banks of Ganga and urgent attention towards the cleanliness of the river, roads and sewage system.Several other official letters of North West Province and its divisions including Delhi, Meerut, Agra, Allahabad, Banaras, documents and maps depicting the development of Sarnath museum, the strategy for the development of Godowlia area and construction of buildings, list of 48 pucca ghats on the banks of Ganga during 1810 AD have also been displayed in the exhibition.Archives to collect 43 documents related to freedom movement: Regional Archives, department of culture, is rebuilding its stock with as many as 43 documents related to national movement of India.Regional archives officer Prabhaker Jauhari said that these documents which are related to Satyagraha and Quit India Movement of 1942 speak about the involvement of people of Ghazipur and its adjoining areas in the India's struggle for freedom.One document also speaks of protest march against Britishers carried out by 25,000 to 30,000 locals at Nandganj railway station near Ghazipur district.These documents and pictures which have been collected from the collectorate office of Ghazipur will now be preserved and stored in the regional archives office at Varanasi.The archives office has also been able to get a 500 years old and 1500 years old map of Banaras prepared a local resident Tapan Ghosh. Jauhari said that the department, in its private archives, invites rare documents and photographs and archives which are around 100 years old from general public for preservation and storage.In the list of private archives, department is also trying to get some documents, letters and photographs of late Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shashtri and his family. There are no plans to digitalize the documents. The documentation of the rare and fragile documents has been done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17381805", "title": "Proposed disaster lane might prove a meaningless gesture", "text": "If the idea of having a disaster lane is merely to allow emergency services like ambulances and fire engines priority passage when they need it, it seems very limited. Even at the moment, other vehicles are supposed to give them right of way when they turn on their sirens and flashing lights. So how would the proposed move make things any better? What we really need is to raise awareness among ordinary citizens that they should make way for these vehicles accompanied by fines where they don't do so. As things stand, lane discipline is merrily flouted with two-wheelers and even four-wheelers, for instance, occupying bicycle lanes when they feel like it. Unless this culture is changed, the proposed disaster lane might prove a meaningless gesture.Related story : Soon, separate lane for emergencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379727", "title": "Goons in car murder policeman at picket", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking on a car-load of rough men in the dark hours of Monday morning cost a zealous policeman his life. Head constable Ram Kishan, 49, was on a routine picket check in south Delhi's Kanjhawala area when he spotted a Honda City with four suspicious men inside. His attempt to stop and frisk them was met with bullets from the car. The killers reversed the car for more than half a kilometre and escaped.Officials said Ram Kishan, who was posted with the Kanjhawala police, grappled with and disarmed the front row passenger who threatened him with a revolver. However, a bullet shot from the car pierced the policeman's heart and a lung, killing him on the spot. Although three other policemen were present at the spot, they could not stop the car. On Monday evening, police claimed the car had been identified but did not report any arrest in connection with the case.\"The team of head constable Ram Kishan and constable G K Siddaia was on picket duty from 8pm to 8am at the Jonty Kannoda Toll Tax (post). The night checking officer, sub-inspector Khazan, and head constable Bijender were also present. Around 2.25am, a Honda City came from the Jonty village side and was stopped for checking by Kishan. After checking the rear seat occupants, Kishan asked the person sitting beside the driver to step out for checking. But he drew a pistol. Kishan showed great courage and bravery by snatching the pistol from him,'' said DCP (outer) B S Jaiswal.Sources said the car driver immediately started reversing but Kishan caught hold of the window and started running. At this time, somebody from the car shot him dead. Kishan was declared dead on arrival at Brahma Shakti Hospital.\"A case of murder, obstructing a public servant on duty and assault or use of criminal force has been registered at the Kanjhawala police station,'' said Jaiswal.Ram Kishan's family, however, refused to accept the police version of the story. \"We have learnt that he stopped the car single-handedly as the others had parked their vehicle a little ahead of the toll post and were busy with paper work. My brother was first shot in the leg by the driver, but he still disarmed him. The other cops did not even react when he was shot the second time by another armed man. The pistol from which the first shot was fired has been recovered. Doctors told us the two bullets were of different make,'' said Kaptan Singh, Kishan's brother. DCP Jaiswal refused to comment on the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17382680", "title": "Dalai Lama visit: The smile that cast a magic spell", "text": "BANGALORE: \"While you introduced me, I felt much bigger than I actually am,\" said the Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, here at an event on Monday.Addressing the students, academics and others on Science and religion at the Christ University, he said: \"My dear elder brothers and sisters and younger brothers and sisters, treat me as a fellow human being for mentally, physically and emotionally we are all same people.\" Many Tibetans present became emotional on getting a glimpse of their supreme leader for the first time.But soon there were smiles all round as the Nobel Peace prize winner regaled all with his take on corruption in his characteristic humorous way. He said: \"People pray a lot and are predominantly religious. But there is a lot of corruption all around. What are they praying for, money? Success in corruption?\"When a student asked him for his views on meat, the 77-year-old added with a smile: \"It's best to go vegetarian.\"\"You have given a new lease of life to millions of downtrodden worldwide. But then you have converted many as well,\" he said smilingly while holding the hand of one of the priests.He touched upon various topics \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from peace to science and religion. His advice to youngsters was: \"You are a generation of hope which has the potential and opportunity to create better living conditions in a world which is currently embroiled in conflict, hatred, violence and exploitation.\"The Dalai Lama said that greater peace can be achieved by finding inner peace. \"Sometimes we feel that an individual is too small to bring about peace. But, then, if one promotes peace within his or her immediate surroundings , and the people inspired by the feat in turn promotes the same, there will come a point when peace will be propagated by everybody and will bring about a world freed of hatred,\" he said.As for science and religion, he said: \"One relates religion with emotion and science with brain. But faith and reasoning , the aspects of religion and science respectively, should always go hand in hand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381403", "title": "Sawai Gandharva returns to enthrall in 60th year", "text": "PUNE: With 31 performances by as many as 40 artistes, the six-day Sawai Gandharv music festival starting December 11 promises to keep the city enthralled.The festival, rechristened the Sawai Gandharv Bhimsen Mahotsav after the death of Pt Bhimsen Joshi, will be held over six days for the first time to commemorate the 60th year of the festival. Pt Bhimsen Joshi had started the festival in the memory of his guru, Sawai Gandharv.Addressing a news conference here on Monday, Shrinivas Joshi, executive president of the Arya Sangeet Prasarak Mandal, said the fest will be held between December 11 and 16 at the New English School, Ramanbaug grounds. Ticket sale will begin from December 4.This year the organisers have marginally increased the prices of tickets. The programme will begin at 3.30 pm on the inaugural and the fifth day and at 4 pm on all other days. The morning session of the concluding day of the festival will begin at 8.30 am.\"Performances of artistes from the next generation with veterans, either together or independently, are the highlights of this year's festival,\" Joshi added.As per tradition, the festival will begin with the shehnai performance of Ashwini and Sanjiv Shankar, the grandchildren of noted shehnai player, Pt Anant Lal. It would be followed by the vocal rendition of Meena Faterpekar, the great granddaughter of Ustad Abdul Karim Khan and the granddaughter of Saraswatibai Rane. The current year is the 75th death anniversary year of Ustad Abdul Karim Khan.Sawai Gandharv's granddaughter Padma Deshpande (vocal) and Pt Shivkumar Sharma's son Rahul Sharma (santoor) will present their performances subsequently. The first day will conclude with the performance of veteran vocalist Pt Jasraj .December 12 will begin with the performances of Ratan Mohan Sharma (vocal). Ayaan and Amaan Ali Khan, sons of Ustad Amjad Ali Khan will enthrall the audiences with their sarod performance.Renowned film actress and Bharatnatyam exponent, Shobana Chandrakumar, will present Bharatnatyam and the day would conclude with Pt Rajan and Pt Sajan Mishra performing along with their sons Ritesh and Rajnish Mishra together for the first time at the Sawai Gandharv Bhimsen Mahotsav.Sanjeev Chimalgi (vocal), Kalapini Komkali (vocal), Pt Ulhas Kashalkar along with his son Sameehan Kashalkar (vocal), Farooque Latif Khan and Sarwar Hussain (Sarangi) is the line-up on the third day.December 14 would see the performances of Pallavi Pote, granddaughter of acclaimed vocalist Ram Marathe. This will be followed by the performances of Pt Hariprasad Chaurasia (flute), Anand Bhate (vocal) and veteran vocalist Malini Rajurkar.Pt Jagdish Prasad's son Samrat Pandit's performance will mark the beginning of the fifth day. Arati Ankalikar Tikekar (vocal) will be the second artiste on this day showcasing her art followed by a tabla solo performance by maestro Pt Swapan Chaudhari.Shrinivas Joshi, son and disciple of late Pt Bhimsen Joshi will also present a recital before the day concludes with the performance of legendary Ustad Amjad Ali Khan.The morning session of the final day will have performances of Kalpana Zokarkar (vocal), Vijay Koparkar and Pt Shiv Kumar Sharma (santoor). The evening session would commence with vocal performances by Apoorva Gokhale and Pallavi Joshi, the granddaughters of Pt Gajananbuwa Joshi. This will be followed by Shounak Abhisheki (vocal), Upendra Bhat (vocal), Pt Atulkumar Upadhye and Ustad Shahid Parvez (violin and sitar jugalbandi) and Parmeshwar Hegade (vocal).As per tradition the festival will end with a performance of veteran vocalist Prabha Atre of the Kirana gharana.The student discount scheme that has received splendid response in the past shall be continued this year and the season ticket of the baithak category would be made available to students on showing their identity card at a special price of Rs 250.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17379443", "title": "Mumbai ranks third in thefts, is no longer safe: National crime report", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra stole a march over other states between 2007 and 2011 in theft cases, stated a recent National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) report. The state topped theft charts across commercial establishments, banks, residential areas, railways and both the river and sea routes. Only in highway robberies did Uttar Pradesh take the lead.Meanwhile, Mumbai consistently maintained its third position among cities in theft across four categories\u00e2\u20ac\u201dresidential, commercial, the banking sector and highways. Delhi topped the list of cities, followed by Bangalore.The NCRB report also mapped the annual rise in theft cases in residential and commercial establishments across the country. Based on the data, it aired the concern that Delhi, Bangalore and Mumbai are no longer safe to live or work in. The report pointed out that Delhi led in theft among cities. The city registered 32,240 cases between 2007 and 2011 and victims lost valuables worth Rs 290 crore in all. Bangalore, Mumbai and Hyderabad registered 21,332, 15,650 and 11,419 theft cases, respectively, over the period. Victims in Mumbai lost valuables totalling Rs 181 crore.Among states, Maharashtra registered 83,971 theft cases in residential, commercial establishments, banks, railways and waterways. Victims in the state suffered a total loss of valuables worth Rs 512 crore.Uttar Pradesh zipped ahead of other states in highway robberies with 61,259 cases registered and Rs 186 crore of money and valuables lost. Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said theft on highways and waterways is usually committed by professional criminals with a record.Former Thane police commissioner S P S Yadav blamed the rise in theft on outdated data of criminals. \"The data which our city police maintain is too old and the criminals they keep track of, too, may have stopped practising. It is a new set of criminals, aged between 20 and 25 years, which is now in business. The police don't have a record of these people. Even the city police's modus operandi department does not develop criminal intelligence. Instead, they depend on information from those they have arrested. This is not enough.\"A senior police officer said the police cannot control crime alone, as they constantly battle manpower shortage as well as budgeting of expenses. \"Two to three new cases are allocated to each policeman daily.\" In case of small thefts, the officer said, \"the cost of investigation is higher than the value of goods st-olen. Reimbursement of exp-enses incurred by policemen takes a long time\".Former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh said investigation of theft is time-consuming. Since the police are mostly busy with law-and-order cases and VIP security, the best way to curb crime is to put in place an effective central unit in every city and zone, he suggested. It could analyze the modus operandi and bust typical gangs that operate in wide areas and account for bulk of the crime. \"Too much reliance on police stations for individual cases does not lead to busting of professional gangs in a big way.\"Experts said theft can be \"absolutely controlled\", but only the government can manage it. The law could be made more stringent and the punishment more severe, they said. One said theft is non-bailable per se but the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) should be applied to recalcitrant gangs. This would make securing bail difficult till the trial is over.At the ground level, officers advised vigilance as many thefts are committed by insiders, including employees and domestic help. Employers rarely abide by basic precautions su-ch as jotting down their background details and getting them registered with the police. \"Victims trust their employees too soon and end up disclosing details that lead to most thefts,\" said Roy.Increase in theft cases is also a fallout of reduction in burking, or non-registration of cases, said Yadav. The state director general of police, following a high court directive, had is-sued strict instructions to stop burking. \"Thus, rise in theft numbers can also be attributed to better registration of cases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380202", "title": "Shahabuddin: Praise for Modi was personal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former MP Syed Shahabuddin, who wrote to Gujarat CM Narendra Modi acknowledging \"some signs of change\" in his attitude towards Muslims, on Monday said he had done so in his personal capacity and apologized to the constituents of Joint Committee of Muslim Organization for Empowerment (JCMOE) for mistakenly sending the missive on its official letterhead. Shahabuddin heads the JCMOE.Reacting sharply to his letter, the constituents of the Muslim conglomerate distanced themselves from it. Media reports quoted some unnamed community leaders linking his letter to the NDA government in Bihar where his daughter is a minister and called it a \"sinister idea\", suggesting Shahabuddin had done so at the BJP's behest.The former diplomat said the letter had a strategic purpose as Modi has been able to \"soften some Muslims of the upper classes\" through \"various devices\". \"The strategy... was to caution them to rethink about Modi on the eve of the election, so that they could be weaned away by taking note that Modi has not fulfilled any real Muslim demands,\" he wrote to the constituents of the conglomerate. He added that he had not asked Muslims to forgive Modi.Shahabuddin had laid down nine conditions for Modi before Muslims joined hands with him in rebuilding Gujarat, including a public apology for the 2002 massacre, at least 20 assembly tickets for Muslims, and compensation at par with the 1984 Delhi riots. Alternatively, he said the Muslim leadership will advise Muslims to vote against BJP.Shahabuddin said his letter was in line with JCMOE's guidelines for Muslims ahead of Gujarat polls. \"It is almost word for word the same as the guidelines issued by it in previous elections. Its purpose is that Muslim representation in the legislatures should increase with secular, capable and reliable persons, preferably Muslims. This purpose can be achieved only if the Muslim votes are not scattered and thus become ineffective, but are concentrated and cast unitedly in the favour of one selected secular candidate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17381938", "title": "Tech overuse tied to \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsemi-somnia\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LONDON: A growing number of people are now suffering from a newly identified sleep disorder called 'semi-somnia ' triggered by stress and technology use, sleep experts say.Rather than having totally sleepless nights, sufferers of semi-somnia experience short bouts of sleep disruption \u00e2\u20ac\u201d perhaps on particularly busy or stressful days, experts claim.An Indian-origin expert has even coined a phrase 'fizzy sleep' to explain sleep difficulties faced by sufferers.\"It's not a scientific term, but clients say that's what their head feels like. They are asleep but it's not restful. It's a jangly, information-filled sleep where the brain is still highly active,\" said Dr Nerina Ramlakhan, a sleep coach at London's Capio Nightingale hospital, and author of the book Tired But Wired.The condition is being called insomnia's irritating little sister, but despite not sharing the full agonizing symptoms of acute sleeplessness \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which has been linked to weakened immune systems , depression, high blood pressure and even heart disease \u00e2\u20ac\u201d semi-somnia is far from harmless, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Victims may wake every night for 30 minutes, or find it impossible to sleep for an hour because their minds are racing. Experts are of the opinion that semi-somnia started plaguing people now because of excessive use of technology.\"We've spent five years researching this with 30,000 sufferers and technology is probably the main cause,\" said Jean Gomes, chairman of The Energy Project \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a consultancy to help people counteract tiredness issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17381009", "title": "Students salute community service", "text": "LUDHIANA: Often it's the case that, in helping others, we indirectly help ourselves in ways we may or may not realize. Keeping this in mind, the students of Bal Bharati Public School organized an activity \"Helping others is helping ourselves\" on Monday, to salute the community services that lay a strong foundation for a quality life in our society.As a part of the activity, the students of Montessori II presented a picturesque enactment depicting that society is a place where people live, interact and are interdependent on each other. A sequence chained in the enactment depicted how we are in a regular association with people around us for their services from dawn to dusk.Next the students presented a fancy dress show where they came dressed as helpers from different fields like doctor, nurse, fireman, postman, gardener, baker, newspaper vendor, tailor and florist, among others. They showcases how a splendid day begins with the bell at the house by a newspaper vendor who brings the world to our doorstep, followed by a milkman who forms an integral part of every house to the bus driver who takes them to school and back home. The evening fun starts on arrival of cab driver who takes them to a garden and market. In market they go to a florist and a baker to buy gifts and return back home after a wonderful day.Principal Punam Dogra was elated with the performance of talented Bal Bharatians and expressed that such live demonstrations enrich learning through firsthand experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381153", "title": "Panjab University promises action-packed December", "text": "CHANDIGARH: December is all set to be an action-packed month at Panjab University with changes in the Syndicate and the faculties of fellows.The authorities have fixed Tuesday as the last day for newly-elected and nominated senate members to pick their choice of faculties. Following this the faculties will be passed in the syndicate meeting of December 1 and subsequently assigned in the Senate.Elections for the decision making body of PU are expected to be held in the third week of December, once the faculties have been allotted to the fellows. With newer and stronger groups emerging after the re-election of senate this year, permutations have begun for the elections of PU Syndicate.\"The dates for Syndicate elections will be finalized in a day or so,\" said A K Bhandari, PU registrar. Meanwhile, new deans of various faculties of Panjab University will also be selected in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380796", "title": "BJP legislator among 16 held for rioting", "text": "MUMBAI: The Pant Nagar police on Monday arrested BJP MLA Prakash Mehta from Ghatkopar and 15 party workers for allegedly setting a towing van on fire and rioting on November 3, 2011, after it crushed a 50-year-old tax consultant while he was returning from a temple. The 16 arrested were produced before a local court and released on bail.The arrests were made based on what CCTV footage showed and witnesses said when Mehta and his party workers allegedly went on the rampage after Ghatkopar (E) resident Kirit Mehta was crushed between a parked tempo and a speeding towing van on 60-Feet road. \"Mehta came forward and confessed that he staged the protest after the victim was killed by the rash motorist, who was driving the van in an inebriated condition. The arrest was made after collecting proper evidence,\" said additional commissioner of police (East) Quaiser Khalid.Ramchandra Durgawale told the police that he was standing near his tempo after delivering goods at some general stores in the neighbourhood when the eeding towing van rammed into his vehicle and crushed Kirit.The mob set the van on fire and also allegedly manhandled the traffic constable accompanying the driver. \"Mehta and 15 others were produced in the Vikhroli court and released on bail. They were booked for unlawful assembly, rioting, assaulting a public servant, not allowing him to perform his duty and damaging property,\" said senior inspector Suresh Nirmal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17381736", "title": "Ulfa hardliners slam BJP for equating Sonowal with Lachit", "text": "GUWAHATI: The anti-talks faction of Ulfa on Monday slammed the BJP national leadership for equating the party's new state president and former Aasu president Sarbananda Sonowal with Ahom general Lachit Borphukan.The outfit's assistant publicity secretary, Arunodoy 'Asom', said at a party meeting in Tinsukia on Sunday that BJP's state in-charge P Chandrashekar made a remark that time has come for another battle of Saraighat and Sonowal has been give the responsibility to play Lachit Borphukan's role.\"Lachit Borphukan had led a united Assam comprising all groups and religious communities to defeat the Mughals and protected Assam's sovereignty. This is unfortunate that while a national party leader was making statements about Lachit Borphukan, Sonowal was sitting by his side as a mute spectator,\" the Ulfa publicity assistant secretary said.The outfit said it condemns the BJP national leader's remarks and appealed to Sonowal not to be party to any such remarks on Assam's history in future.Paresh Baruah's hardliners' group also criticized Sonowal, who has recently been made the president of the state unit of BJP, for his pledge to make the state free of illegal migrants and questioning chief minister Tarun Gogoi's failure in bringing to book the culprits behind secret killings in the state.\"The Congress is gaining political mileage out of the secret killings issue and Sonowal is right in questioning Tarun Gogoi but why does he not question his own party, which was in power from 2001 to 2004, and blame it for failing to punish the guilty,\" added the publicity assistant secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380378", "title": "Rs 22k relief for damage to police van", "text": "NEW DELHI: The office of the commissioner and the deputy commissioner of Delhi Police has been awarded a compensation of over Rs 22,000 by a Motor Accident Claims Tribunal (MACT) in an accident involving a PCR van. MACT presiding officer Nirja Bhatia directed New India Assurance Company Limited, with which the offending vehicle was insured, to pay the amount to the official authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "17382202", "title": "5 candidates file nominations in Anand", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Congress-backed candidates have started filing nomination papers in Anand district, which votes, on December 17 in the second phase. Five candidates submitted their nominations in the district on Monday.Both Rajendrasinh Parmar - Amul Dairy's vice-chairman, who is contesting from Borsad assembly constituency - and Amit Chavda, contesting from the newly-carved out Anklav constituency, filed their candidature on Monday.Both are contesting from new seats. Chavda, two times MLA, earlier represented Borsad while Parmar, who too has won twice, represented Bhadran.After delimitation, Bhadran has been wiped out as the total number of assembly seats in Anand district reduced to seven from the earlier eight.While Chavda and Parmar filed two forms each, Congress leader Natvarsinh Mahida filed nomination papers as the dummy candidate for the Borsad seat.Meanwhile, more candidates cropped up at Umreth from where state chief of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) Jayant Patel alias Boskey is contesting, after an arrangement with the Congress. While former state health minister and ex-Congress MLA Subhash Shelat had already filed his candidature as an independent candidate on Saturday, two other candidates - Sambhu Thakor Patel from Sundarpara and Pravinsinh Thakor from Khankuva - also filed nominations as independents for the Umreth seat. tnnVadodara/Anand: Congress-backed candidates have started filing nomination papers in Anand district, which votes, on December 17 in the second phase. Five candidates submitted their nominations in the district on Monday.Both Rajendrasinh Parmar - Amul Dairy's vice-chairman, who is contesting from Borsad assembly constituency - and Amit Chavda, contesting from the newly-carved out Anklav constituency, filed their candidature on Monday.Both are contesting from new seats. Chavda, two times MLA, earlier represented Borsad while Parmar, who too has won twice, represented Bhadran.After delimitation, Bhadran has been wiped out as the total number of assembly seats in Anand district reduced to seven from the earlier eight.While Chavda and Parmar filed two forms each, Congress leader Natvarsinh Mahida filed nomination papers as the dummy candidate for the Borsad seat.Meanwhile, more candidates cropped up at Umreth from where state chief of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) Jayant Patel alias Boskey is contesting, after an arrangement with the Congress. While former state health minister and ex-Congress MLA Subhash Shelat had already filed his candidature as an independent candidate on Saturday, two other candidates - Sambhu Thakor Patel from Sundarpara and Pravinsinh Thakor from Khankuva - also filed nominations as independents for the Umreth seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17381417", "title": "Do adults have anythingto learn from children at Iffi on garbage management?", "text": "Yes it is time for role reversal for a change. In fact when children chide or correct the adults in any particular area, adults tend to remember and try to refrain from those activities. Therefore, the right approach here would be to ensure that very strong civic sense is drilled into the kids at the per-school and school levels so that they could educate adults on avoiding littering and defacing public property. Messages will be sent home to adults more strongly and adults would feel ashamed if reminded by kids once too often.Shashank Mahatme Businessman, PanajiIt is a shame for the adults that they have to learn something from the children. There are very few adults who realize the importance of disposing off the garbage properly as many of them are seen putting garbage in plastic bags and throwing them along the road far away from their residences. This leads to outbreak of diseases.Ashok Dande Landscape artist, TaleigaoIn today's world people forget basic civic sense or are completely unaware of their civic duties as citizens. Therefore, I think if anything will prick their conscience not to dump garbage, it will be a child's plea to save the environment for the future generations.Clinton Vaz Waste management consultant, BenaulimThe children are doing a good job by reminding adults not to dump garbage at the Iffi. This will help to remind adults that if each one of us makes small efforts to manage the garbage, it will make a lot of difference. In the future, every time adults feel the need to dump garbage anywhere, they will be reminded of the whistle which caused embarrassment and dissuaded them from dumping garbage at the wrong places.Bobby Godinho Businessman, Panaji", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17381391", "title": "Dev Deepawali observed at various Ganga ghats", "text": "KANPUR: After failed attempts to maintain cleanliness during month-long festivities, the authorities of Kanpur Municipal Corporation have proposed a large scale 'Dev Deepawali' celebration at various Ganga Ghats of the city and also urged the locals to take part in the celebration. Dev Deepawali is celebrated on the 15th day of Deepawali. It would be celebrated on November 28. Dev Deepawali is also known as Kathki. On this day, people take holy dip in the Ganga and offer 'Deep Daan' to the God.\"We will celebrate Dev Deepawali on a larger scale this year. All we need is the support of locals like last year,\" said municipal commissioner, NKS Chauhan in a press conference held on Monday. He further informed that Dev Deepawali celebrations will be held at 19 city ghats including Ganga barrage. Ghats like Sarsaiya Ghat, Massacre Ghat, Gola Ghat, Siddhnath Ghat, Mishra Ghat, Guftar Ghat too will be cleaned and illuminated for the festival. All the corporators of the areas located near Ghats were asked to gather local support to light diyas at ghats on Dev Deepawali.\"Our motto is to educate the citizens about the mythological significance and the need of keep Ganga clean. By launching initiatives, we want to educate people against the use of polythene and other poisonous products at the ghats. It will be easier for KMC workers if the locals help,\" added NKS Chauhan further.\"The target this year is to light nearly two lakh diyas at small and big Ganga ghats. This will followed by Ganga 'aarti' and 'bhandara' at Siddhnath and Bhairav ghat,\" informed Madan Lal Bhatia, member of Dev Deepawali Samiti.The artists and 'bhajan' committees will educate people to opt for 'Bhoovisarjan' (Soil Immersion) of the idols during the festival time to keep Ganga pollution-free. The KMC officials have also urged the citizens to light atleast one diya on any of the city Ghat on the occasion of Dev Deepawali on Wednesday. People can also take part in the cleanliness drives at the ghats which will start from Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379792", "title": "Be civilized, Anand Sharma tells TMC MP after spat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress MP Kalyan Banerjee and commerce minister Anand Sharma on Monday had a verbal duel inside the Lok Sabha, which turned ugly with the former turning abusive.The incident occurred when Banerjee, who was part of the Trinamool MPs' team that was raising slogans in the Well on the FDI issue, was returning to his seat soon after the House was adjourned for the day shortly after noon.Sharma, who was in the aisle walking towards his seat, said something to the Trinamool MPs that infuriated Banerjee. He and Sharma had heated exchanges for about two minutes which was inaudible thanks to the din, but later Sharma was heard telling the Trinamool MP to \"be civilized\" and Banerjee shouted back in an abusive manner. Banerjee told Sharma that \"after two years when you are not a minister, nobody will even look at you... what do you think of yourself... who are you to tell us what we should do.\"Sharma retorted, \"Whether I understand the country or not, you ascertain that from your leader Mamata Banerjee who has worked with me as a colleague. She would know.\" Other MPs and some ministers intervened and asked both of them to be seated.Later, minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla who had walked into the middle of the spat was seen trying to pacify Banerjee and asked him to calm down.\"I don't want to join issues with him. It is unfortunate. He was offensive and less than civilized,\" Sharma later told reporters later, adding that he did not want to take the issue any further.Later, Sharma complained to Trinamool leader Sudip Bandopadhyay about the abusive language used by his party colleague.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17381325", "title": "Norms to check overloading by goods carriers thrown to wind?", "text": "VARANASI: In view of the Supreme Court order regarding overloading by goods carriers, the state road transport department is surely issuing government orders and circulars to put a complete check on the problem. However, it is learnt, the officials of regional transport offices (RTO) are not only overriding such orders, but also initiating action as per their own convenience.To put a check on the problem of overloading, regular as well as special checking drives are being launched on a monthly basis. After a special drive launched this month, which concluded on November 19, the TOI tried to take stock of its outcomes. Contacted on Monday, regional transport officer Brijesh Singh said, \"The drive had ended but the process of compiling its report has not been completed as yet.\" However, he disclosed the details of action initiated in the cases of overloading in goods carrier between April and October.According to him, a total of 10,850 trucks were caught on which the overloading was found above two tons of the prescribe load limit. The ARTOs challaned 1,476 vehicles while action of seizure was initiated against 6,423 trucks, said Singh adding, Rs 5.10 crores were realised from the truck operators as compounding fee against overloading.However, the officials of RTO never showed interest in initiating action against the overloaded trucks and their owners under sections of `Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act 1984'.The transport department officials have so many 'practical' problems to reveal why the action under this act is avoided. They reveal wondering how mightier the transport lobby is, and they even influence the government policies. But, it is interesting to see that despite such influences the state government has been issuing directives to put a check on overloading.In his letter (no.-617/30-4-2011-8(6)/2010) written on July 4, 2011 the then chief secretary of UP government Anup Mishra had clearly mentioned that in view of the SC order (dated November 9, 2005), order of Allahabad High Court and its Lucknow bench issued on October 17, 2006 and July 16, 2004 respectively strict action should be initiated against overloaded trucks.After this, on August 5, 2011, the then transport commissioner Sudhir Kumar Srivastava issued a directive (no.-171(G)info/2011-12info/2011) asking his subordinates to ensure action against the overloaded goods vehicles under the sections of Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984. He made it very clear that as per the orders of the apex court, any overloaded truck should be allowed to move ahead after unloading the overloaded goods and charging compounding fee. The reason behind issuing this order was to avoid repetition of overloading, damages caused to roads due to overloading and also avoid accidents.Interestingly, on September 14, 2012, transport commissioner Alok Kumar issued a letter in which he asked to seek the permission of district magistrate concerned for initiating any action under the sections of Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984. This order proved a shield for RTO officials to avoid initiating actions like lodging FIR under the sections of Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act 1984.Keeping this fact in view Kumar sent another letter (no-1018 info/2013-14-info/10) on October 5, 2012 in which he laid emphasis on initiating action under Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984. He also made it clear that confusion caused by his previous letter had been cleared.Sources say sespite all these directives and clarifications, the RTO officials are not showing any interest in initiating action under the Act. The RTO said that one FIR had been registered in Varanasi under the Act, but in other case the FIR was not lodged as the DM Chandauli denied permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17380501", "title": "Vijay Singh Dahiya is new Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon chief", "text": "GURGAON: The government on Monday appointed Palwal deputy commissioner Vijay Singh Dahiya as the new commissioner of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG). Dahiya, a 2001 batch IAS officer, is likely to take charge on Tuesday. The officer was also the Panipat deputy commissioner earlier and is popular for his drive against polythene bags, which he is expected to continue in Gurgaon as well.Meanwhile, councillors hosted a farewell lunch for the outgoing commissioner Sudhir Rajpal on Monday. Rajpal thanked all the elected representatives for their cooperation and said that his tenure was fruitful. The task seems to be cutout for the new commissioner and among the several issues that he will have to deal with will be the city's sanitation condition. Even after months since the process to handover sanitation contracts to private agencies was started, it has still not got over. Corruption charges against some of the MCG officials and sanitation contractors has ensured the stalemate continues.The solid waste management plant at Bandhwari has its own problems. Last week, Rajpal had expressed his intent to start a waste plant that can generate electricity, however, before the idea could translate into reality his transfer orders were issued.The couple of flyovers and underpass that were to come up in the old city have been caught in the red tape and Dahiya will have to convince other agencies to part with their land so that flyover construction can begin. The projects are already running behind schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17380379", "title": "Punjab Police to cut security to \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcoutsiders\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "JALANDHAR: Punjab Police will withdraw its cops deployed in the security of persons, who are not permanent residents of the state after conducting a review and will also hold an inquiry into the revelations that Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, the alleged conspirator behind the killings of Chadha brothers, had got issued a licence for a pistol from Mohali in Punjab.The same pistol was allegedly used in the shootout on November 17 in South Delhi.Punjab DGP Sumedh Singh Saini at a press conference in Jalandhar on Monday said the security cover provided to all those living outside the state would be reviewed and if it was found that they were not domiciled in Punjab their security cover would be withdrawn.Saini added that some of the persons were provided security cover because they belonged to Punjab but have been living elsewhere. \"Some of the protectees are original domiciles of Punjab and also have their base in Punjab and hence might have been provided security cover by Punjab Police,\" he said.Punjab police's decision has come in the wake of allegations that the department granted security cover to liquor baron Ponty Chadha, his brother Hardeep Singh, and many Delhi-based Akali leaders just to please them knowing well that they were not entitled for the same.Meanwhile, the DGP also said the security cover of protectees in Punjab would also be reviewed again and wherever found unnecessary it would be withdrawn and action would be taken against police officials who provided the cover.He said while deployment of Punjab personnel with IAS and IPS officers was reviewed, after many extra personnel were found with IG S K Asthana, no extra deployment was found.Responding to another query, he said \"During earlier review, 3,500 personnel were withdrawn while pruning the security cover of protectees and I think now it is time for a second review.\"Asked about the field postings of officers facing criminal cases in courts, Saini said there was no legal bar on it as the law considered a person innocent till proved guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17381540", "title": "SC to seal VAL fate on December 3", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Supreme Court on Monday fixed December 3 as the final date of hearing in the Niyamgiri bauxite mining case. The verdict will seal the fate of Vedanta Group's Lanjigarh refinery in Kalahandi district.The Orissa Mining Corporation (OMC) went to the Supreme Court in March 2011 after the Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) rejected stage-2 forest diversion proposal for the Niyamgiri bauxite mine, having an estimated deposit of 78 million tons, from where the state government had promised raw materials to Vedanta's refinery.The Vedanta group is the only private industrial house having done tangible investments in the state during the present Naveen Patnaik regime.The one mtpa capacity refinery, however, has been embroiled in a series of controversies ranging from environmental activists protesting that it would jeopardise the fragile ecosystem of the region to political parties, particularly the Congress, clamouring that mining on Niyamgiri hill would spell doom for the endangered Dongria Kondh tribes.OMC had got the lease in 2004. But mining became impossible in the area in the face of PILs that raised questions on the future of biodiversity, water bodies and Dongria Kondhs.The court battle went on for several years, during which at least three major agencies like the Dehradun-based Wildlife Institute of India, Central Mines Planning and Design Institute, Ranchi, and the Odisha University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) examined the charges made by the petitioners.The Supreme Court cleared the project in August 2008 followed by the MoEF issuing environment clearance and Stage-1 green signal for diversion of about 660 hectares of forest proposed by the state government for the mining project. The MoEF while issuing the stage-1 clearance had put 21 conditions which included deposit of Rs 125 crore for development of wildlife and the tribals.But the refinery's problem though was far from over. This time it was the Central government that put blocks on the project. As the time came for the MoEF to issue the stage-2 forest clearance, it started dithering.MoEF soon appointed an expert committee to study the fulfillment of conditions it had imposed earlier. The state government on its part placed its view before the MoEF that the conditions had been fulfilled, but things still were not going the refinery's way.As the MoEF constituted more expert groups to examine the charges against the project, it withdrew the stage-1 forest clearance as well. By August-end the signal was loud and clear that the project was heading to face a raw deal in the hands of the MoEF. And it happened.MoEF rejected the stage-2 forest diversion proposal for the mining project sent by the state government. As the Centre refused to budge from its stand despite repeated persuasions by the state government, the OMC went to the apex court challenging the MoEF order.Amid this the net loser has since been the refinery, which has in the meanwhile completed nearly 70% works, though allegedly illegally, for increasing the refinery's capacity from one mtpa to 6 mtpa.\"We put up the plant believing the state government. Little did we know that the investment would take us running from pillar to post. We have no raw material in hand. We have already lost over Rs 2500 crore,\" said a senior Vedanta official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17381497", "title": "Two films sans subtitles force delegate walkout", "text": "PANAJI: Two films-a Chinese and another Kannada one- were screened at the ongoing 43rd International Film Festival of India (Iffi) without subtitles, forcing delegates to leave the theatre midway as the lack of subtitles made it difficult to follow the storyline.\"There is a technical problem with the Chinese film. There are differences in projection and that is the reason the subtitles went out of the frame. If the images were compressed, then the subtitles would be seen within the frame, but then the quality of picture would be affected, as it would have to be compressed,\" Iffi director Shankar Mohan said. He said that it was a conscious decision to allow the movie to be screened without the subtitles rather than compromise on the quality.The director said that the Kannada film, on the other hand, did not have subtitles and technical reasons prevented the addition of subtitles.\"The Kannada movie did not have subtitles and technical issues made it difficult to add the subtitles later on. But we decided to screen the film anyway because its content is very strong. This is a small problem one faces with change in the format to digital,\" Mohan said.He added that the festival has been growing in terms of number of delegates attending the festival, as well as its quality. \"I have received a lot of positive feedback that the quality of the films being screened each year is getting better,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17381471", "title": "No breakthrough in eight-year-old\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rape case", "text": "KANPUR: Investigating the rape of an eight-year-old girl in Shyamnagar Chakeri on Saturday night, the city police are yet to make any breakthrough in the case.In a bid to recreate the events leading to the rape, the police on Monday took the victim's kin to the marriage guest house where she along with her parents and siblings had gone to take attend a marriage function. \"We have questioned several suspects, including employees of the guest house, waiters and members of the catering team,\" said an investigating official at Chakeri police station. DIG Amitabh Yash said the police are thoroughly investigating all aspects.The victim was medically examined on Sunday at Duffrin hospital and the report mentioned sexual assault. The victim's kin alleged that due to the indifference of the hospital employees, they had to wait for nearly seven hours before she was admitted to Jaccha Baccha hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381874", "title": "Muharram processions map up cityscape", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Several processions were taken out in the city and adjoining district Kaushambi on Yaum-e-Ashura, the tenth day of Muharram, to mourn the martyrdom of Hazrat Imam Husain and his 72 followers slain at Karbala in Iraq .Thousands of devotees expressed grief over the sorrowful incident of Karbala which is recorded in the annals of history. Mourners dressed in black beat their chest shouting the chants of 'Ya Ali, Ya Husain'. Burqa clad women thronged the balconies to get a glimpse of the tazias, the traditional Muharram tableaux.The Bada Tazia and the Buddha Tazia processions were taken out from Johnstonganj which passed through Kotwali, Nakhas Kohna and Khuldabad. Masoom Ali Asghar's Jhula procession was also taken out which passed through GT Road, Bahadurganj, Batashahi Mandi, Gud Mandi, Loknath crossing, Kotwali, Bajaja Patti, Clock tower, Sabzi Mandi, Garhi Sarai. Later, the tazias were buried in Karbala.Processions were taken out from Dariyabad, Rani Mandi and other parts of the city. Thousands of devotees participated in Juloos-e-Sham-e-Ghariba to pay tributes to martyrs of Karbala. Majlis-e-Sham-e-Ghariba were held at Dargarh Hazrat Abbas, Dariyabad and Imambara Abidia, Rani Mandi. Juloos-e-Turbat was also taken out from Imambara Waqf Nazir Husain, Bakshi Bazar.On the day of Ashura, historical Zuljanah procession was taken out by Anjuman Haideriya from Imambara Asad Raza Beg, Chakaiya Neem, Rani Mandi. The procession is an annual event since 1948 when it was taken out first on the initiative and efforts of freedom fighter from the city, Yusuf Husain Congressi.The Teeja procession of Imam Husain would be taken out on Tuesday from Imambara Zulfiqar in Colonelganj. Before taking out the procession, a majlis will be organised addressed by Maulana Razi Haider. Hasan Jafri would perform sozkhani. The programme is being organised under the auspices of Dast-e-Abbasia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381118", "title": "Raj Bahadur to continue as Government Medical College and Hospital director", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad's refusal of allowing extensions to PGI faculty on deputation two years ago, the UT administration has allowed Dr Raj Bahadur, the director principal of the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32 to continue on this post till the time that a regular appointment is made. Dr Raj Bahadur's tenure is to end on November 29.UT home cum-health secretary, Anil Kumar , while pointing out that a case was going on with the Central Administrative Tribunal and that there was \"no option left\" with the UT administration, said, \"Though most of the arguments in the case are over and the next hearing is expected to be on December 6, the regular appointment of the new director depends on the CAT order. The UPSC then will be communicated about the tribunal's order.\"When asked about the Union health minister's order not allowing any extensions beyond three years, the health secretary said, \"In principal that is acceptable. However we do not have any option, but to let the present director continue until the court case is over.\" Senior faculty rebut this reasoning saying that in such a situation, the senior most faculty can be handed over the charge until the appointment of a new director principal is made. \"According to the recruitment rules of the college, the senior most faculty is supposed to hold the charge until the UPSC selects a regular candidate. The present director has been given so many extensions already,\" said a faculty.Dr Raj has been serving as director principal of GMCH for over four years. He had joined the institute on deputation from the PGI on December 1, 2007. His deputation originally was for two years. The PGI director Dr Y K Chawla had also written a letter to the UT administration to repatriate him as he had already served beyond his tenure. The administration had sought time from PGI until the UPSC filled the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17382627", "title": "Vijayashanti\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s absence at rally fuels speculation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the conspicuous absence of TRS MP Vijayashanti at the Suryapet rally held on Sunday is fuelling speculations of a rift between her and party president K Chandrashekar Rao, party sources said the actor-turned-politician was miffed because she was ignored in the preliminary activities relating to the meeting.Vijayashanti feels somewhat de-motivated in the party and she is upset that she was not given any responsibility in organising the rally. As the rally was shaped to be a one-man show, Vijayashanti was not even called for the meetings to discuss the arrangements for the mega event, TRS sources said.While the mood is upbeat in the party over the overwhelming public response to the rally, a section of TRS leaders felt it would have been even more dazzling with the presence of Vijayashanti. \"KCR and Vijayashanti are the two MPs from the party. Her presence was very important for the rally. The presence of Vijayashanti would have made a big difference ,\" said a TRS leader.While the rumblings are heard in the party about the shadow fight, Vijayashanti sought to clarify that she had no issues with KCR, and she could not make it for the rally on health grounds. \"I was down with fever on Sunday and could not attend the rally. There is no such problem whatsoever that can lead to political speculations. The reports about the differences between me and KCR are baseless,\" Vijayashanti said.However, while Vijayashanti said she had informed about her illness to KCR, the sources close to him contradicted, saying she was away in Delhi till the last weekend and they were not aware of the reason why she didn't show up at the rally.Alarmed by the negative publicity that could take away the sheen from the rally's success, KCR on Monday embarked on damage control and called Vijayashanti to inquire about her health.Meanwhile, TRS postponed 'Palle Baata' , a relay hunger strike, to be undertaken by the ranks of the party across Telangana , to December 5.Originally slated for November 29, the programme was postponed in view of the special session of the Assembly on SC and ST sub-pan scheduled on November 29 and December 1.\"TRS supports the SC and ST sub-plan , and we want the Assembly to approve the bill. So, 'Palle Baata' is postponed to December 5, and all our MLAs will attend the session,\" Etela Rajender , floor leader of TRS in the Assembly , said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17381575", "title": "Govt keeps Justice Khandeparkar in the dark on committee notification", "text": "PANAJI: Five days after the government notified the Justice (retired) RMS Khandeparkar committee to investigate into the Shah Commission findings on illegal mining, the state is yet to formally communicate this to the committee chairman.When asked when he would hold the committee's first meeting, Khandeparkar on Monday said, \"I have read in the newspapers that the committee has been notified but I have not received any formal communication from the government. This has to be communicated by the government and that is procedure which needs to be followed. Till date the government has not informed me.\"He added, \"Till the government informs me I can't hold any meeting of the committee.\"The government notified the committee through a notification signed by mines director Prasanna Acharya on November 22, 2012. The committee is to make recommendations on effective control, supervision and regulation of mining operations in Goa by implementing the provisions of law.The committee has also to report on the loss/pilferage to the public exchequer, on matters of royalty, land cess, forest wealth, mineral resources, and encroachments on government land and to identify the wrongdoers in this regard, the notification states.Govt to clarify to CEC todayThe Goa government, which was due to submit clarifications and data on illegal mining sought by the Supreme Court's central empowered committee (CEC) on Monday, said it would submit this on Tuesday.CEC, which was supposed to submit its report to the SC on Friday, is now expected to submit it in the first week of December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17381165", "title": "Now, cops will come home to register domestic help", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Earlier this month, three men from Rajasthan were caught by a team of Anandnagar police officials for a string of house break-ins. However, the cops were disheartened to find that none of the victims had come forward to register a complaint in any of these cases. Later, senior police officials had to intervene to get a case registered with Vastrapur police.On Monday, a 20-year old maid was found missing from a bungalow in Satellite where Madhu Agrawal, 50, was murdered. When questioned, the house owners accepted that they had little information about the maid and did not even know her surname.The city policehave decided to start a drive to register the helps and make a database that can be referred at the time of crime. Talking about the plans, Neeraj Badgujar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, said that there is a stigma attached to the process of registration of domestic helps and tenants. \"Many believe that if they ask the help to furnish the required details, they won't come to work. To address this issue, the city police's website has an option for users where they can provide the detail online and thus, coming to the police station isnt required,\" he said. The website has an option where the scanned documents can directly be uploaded.But given the limited number of net-savvy people even in the western city parts, the Zone I police stations will be given the task for physical verification of these domestic helps. Policemen will be sent to various housing colonies in plain clothes where they will approach the helps, get their details, fingerprints and photographs. \"Such data is invaluable at the time of crime detection. We appeal to the citizens to come forward and support police in the initiative,\" Badgujar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17379543", "title": "GHMC bulldozes 23 unauthorised buildings", "text": "HYDERABAD: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporaiton (GHMC) officials on Monday bulldozed 23 unauthorised buildings at Anjaiah Nagar and Siddique Nagar near Gachibowli. The demolitions were carried out on the directions of the Lokayukta. Though 36 illegal buildings of ground and 3 to 5 floors were identified for demolition, the GHMC officials razed only 23 structures and the rest would be pulled down on Tuesday.The GHMC town planning officials started demolitions at the places with the support of police force from 6 am onwards. The locals opposed the demolition drive and even pelted stones at the workers. Some property owners even resorted to manhandling, while some threatened to commit suicide but they were prevented by police.The owners questioned the officials why they had not raised any objection when the buildings were being constructed. They also questioned as to why the corporation was targeting them alone when there were several thousands of illegal constructions across the city.Serilingampally MLA M Bikshapathi Yadav abused the town planning staff saying that they were all corrupt, allowed unauthorised buildings and now swung into action to demolish them.GHMC officials said the demolition drive was initiated on the directive of the Lokayukta, which had taken up the case on a petition by one Kasinath in January. They would submit the report to the Lokayukta on December 7.Civic officials claimed they had earlier attempted to demolish the structures, but the property owners proceeded with the constructions without any valid permission. Hence, the demolition was taken up, the officials said. The GHMC warned building owners not to resort to unauthorised constructions otherwise they would be demolished under the statutory provisions.In addition to demolition, criminal cases would also be booked against errant builders/owners as per section 461(4) of HMC Act, wherein provision has also been made for imprisonment up to three years, an official release said.Raidurgam police have arrested eight persons who tried to stop GHMC staff from demolishing the illegal constructions. All the arrested were later released on a personal bond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17380078", "title": "Overworked ICDS workers on measly pay", "text": "About 66 million children or 42% of those under five in India suffer from malnutrition. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called this a \"national shame\". Despite such high-level hand-wringing and \"flagship schemes\" of the government such as midday meals for school children and the child nutrition programmes through anganwadis, malnutrition persists. The answer could lie in the poor allocation that results in lakhs of workers, mostly women, who implement these programmes being paid below-minimum wages and being engaged as volunteers rather than workers despite six to eight hours of work each day.Under the Integrated Child Development Services ( ICDS), the world's largest integrated early childhood programme, anganwadi workers and anganwadi helpers, both referred to as \"honorary workers\" by the government, are paid about Rs 4,500 and about Rs 2000 respectively. \"Other than our duties as anganwadi workers, which includes preparing food for the children, distributing nutritious snacks, pre-schooling and house visits to check up on pregnant women, which finishes by about 1 pm, we are pulled into every government scheme you can imagine. We are expected to be part of the pulse polio campaigns, we are roped in for the animal census when we have to visit houses and count livestock, we have to organize women's groups and start savings groups among them and so on. And for all this extra work we get paid nothing,\" said Kokila Ben from Navsari in Gujarat.In the case of the midday meal scheme, the women are paid a measly sum of Rs 1,000 per month despite at least six work hours, or even more each day. \"Not only do they expect us to cook food for the children, but they also make us sweep and clean the school. The school teachers also make us cook in their houses if there is any occasion. If we refuse, they threaten us with dismissal,\" says Rajwanti Sharma from Gurgaon district in Haryana.In Assam, the state government has not topped up the Rs 900 monthly pay for mid-day meal cooks by Rs 100, as it is supposed to, says Sanjay Bari, a CITU worker from Tinsukhia. \"For Rs 900 per month, the mid-day meal cook is also made to conduct yoga classes and lead the school prayer,\" says Bari. The workers from Assam want their wages to be raised and for their job to become a permanent government job.In contrast, the anganwadi workers from Tamil Nadu get about Rs 4,000 per month, uniforms and even get pension when they retire. The results of a better paid and organized work force are evident in the development indices of the state. While the rest of the country still faces an Infant Mortality Rate (IMR) of 48 deaths per 1,000 live births, Tamil Nadu's IMR is 24 per 1,000. The state has already achieved the millennium development goal (MDG) of reducing maternal mortality rate (MMR) below 150 per 100,000 live births, Tamil Nadu's MMR is 97. However, they continue to demand better salary, enhanced funds to procure food for the children, in keeping with food inflation and pension that is at least half the monthly salary.Much worse is the condition of lakhs of women engaged as Associate Social Health Activists or ASHAs under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) that is supposed to bring quality primary care to rural India. They get no fixed amount per month. Their payment is entirely incentive based. For every institutional delivery, they get about Rs 600, Rs 150 if a child completes the immunization schedule, Rs 250 if a person diagnosed with TB gets cured and so on.\"TB treatment takes 6 months and requires two visits daily to the patient's house to give the tablets and ensure they take it. After all this effort, she might get Rs 250 if the person gets cured. With such pathetic remuneration, how can the government expect to see results,\" asks Surekha, general secretary of ASHA workers union of Haryana. Over 50,000 workers engaged by the government under various development schemes from about 25 states have been organized by CITU for a two-day sit-in at Jantar Mantar to bring their grievances to the attention of Parliament.Times ViewIt is a matter of concern that those who hold the key to the success of so many government programmes have such shabby working conditions. These are the people without whom India's objective of meeting the Millennium Development Goals can never be achieved. Without their wholehearted effort, the poorest sections of our population in particular will remain deprived of essential services like basic healthcare, nutrition and education. Surely, it is not unreasonable for them to ask for a more decent wage and some kind of job security. The government should take their demands seriously, not only because they deserve it but because India's poor need them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17381780", "title": "Call for formation of forum to promote Khasi poetry", "text": "SHILLONG: There's \"poetry in every heart \" in the 'Abode of Clouds', but the finest expression of emotions are yet to take flight beyond the confines of the enchanting hills as very little of the literary works in tribal dialects and languages have been translated so far.\"Long before the then US president, John F Kennedy exhorted the people not to ask what their country could give them but to think what they could give to the country, it was Khasi poet laureate U Soso Tham, who had penned down these thoughts way back in 1936,\" said Sylvanus Lamare, principal of St. Edmund's College, Shillong.Addressing a function to mark the third Meghalaya Poetry Competition organized by the All India Poetess Conference (AIPC), Meghalaya Chapter in collaboration with the Meghalaya Government, at the Art and Culture Hall at the Soso Tham Auditorium (State Central Library) on Monday, Lamare, a poet, stated the fact that Khasi poetry was yet to be translated into other languages.\"We need strong literary organizations for this,\" he emphasized.Pointing out that most poems in ethnic dialects and languages get published in newspapers only, president of the AIPC, Meghalaya chapter, S Dkhar said there was need for a forum to highlight the talents of \"lesser known and unknown\" poets of the state.She suggested the formation of a 'Meghalaya Writers Forum', which would also include men.\"Literary activities should be encouraged among children, who are otherwise glued to television these days,\" observed a senior government official present at the event. Twenty-one young and upcoming poets, mostly students, who recited their literary compositions in languages of the state, were rewarded for taking part in the competition, the theme for which was \"Cultural heritage of Meghalaya: Legends and myth\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17382037", "title": "Three nabbed with ammo in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Pelawal police arrested three persons and seized three revolvers and 10 cartridges from them on Sunday evening before they committed robbery in Hazaribag, coal belt of Charhi and some business centres of Bishnugarh.SP Manoj Kaushik said here on Monday that the arrest was made following an intelligence tip-off. The trio had entered Katkumsandi police station from Chatra district. \"After setting up checkposts, our officers stopped a trekker full of passengers. Seeing the barricade, the criminals jumped out from the vehicle and ran towards the thick jungle in the region. Police chased them and arrested the three and seized the arms.\"The arrested criminals were identified as Arun Ganjhu alias Ramavtar Ganjhu from Chordaha forest of Simaria, Jasgdish Ganjhu of Siladag and Gyan Kumar Bhogta of Jehra village of Pathalgada in Chatra.The SP said the arrested trio confessed to have received the arms and ammunition from the Tritiya Prastuti Coimmittee (TPC) who kept them in their houses. \"The claim is being verified.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17381987", "title": "TET aspirants call for change in rules", "text": "RANCHI: Candidates of Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET), dissatisfied with the norms, are demanding amendments in the same alleging that the rules will benefit the aspirants from other states rather than those from Jharkhand. The examination will be conducted by the Jharkhand Academic Council and 18,000 teachers will be recruited at primary and secondary level.Manoj Kumar , a candidate, said, \"According to the TET rule, marks obtained in matriculation, intermediate and graduation exams by a candidate will be added to the TET marks for preparing the merit list and recruitment of candidates.\"If the rule is followed, many candidates who scored higher marks in TET but did not get good marks in academic life will not be able to get a job. \"Jharkhand has never had a very good academic past and when we look at the history of the JAC, very few students were able to make it in the list of first division. In such a situation, when the candidates of other states sit for the TET, they will definitely get recruited as their academic performances are better. So that means the government will recruit on the basis of academic performances and not on the basis of the TET performance,\" Manoj said.Students have also complained that the norms said the aspirants who have passed bachelors in education (BEd) cannot be recruited to teach Classes I to V, they can only teach in Classes VI to VIII. Only those who have the certificate of basic teachers' training (BTT), will be recruited to teach Classes I to V. Shameem Ali, an aspirant, said, \"This kind of rule has never been imposed anywhere. When the TET examination was conducted last year, no such thing was said. How can they suddenly introduce such a rule. Many will not get recruited.\"The aspirants sent 300 postcards to HRD minister Baidyanath Ram on the same issue a few weeks ago but did not get any reply. Jharkhand Chhatra Sangh member Manoj Yadav said, \"We sent the postcards but nobody bothered. We will organize a students' court on the Ranchi College premises on November 29 to discuss the same issue. More than 100 students from various districts of the state will be present in the court.\"JAC chairperson Anand Bhushan said the TET was only a qualifying test. \"A teacher has to qualify TET to continue with teaching. We cannot do much about addition of academic marks in the marks of TET as it is a matter related to government policies,\" he said.Minister Ram was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17380647", "title": "High drama in Sector 30 as student groups clash", "text": "NOIDA: High drama ensued in Sector 30 after two groups of students clashed in the area. In order to escape, one group was forced to hide inside a house and only came out after police intervened after half an hour. Unconfirmed reports of firing by the students during the clash were also received.Police said the fight was the result of a minor conflict which occurred on Friday. An argument had broken out between students of Class XI of a leading public school in Greater Noida. Two students were then beaten up by a group of four, one of whom is a resident of Nithari village.Angry at injuries inflicted on his brother, one of the student's elder brother, Rohit, a second year BBA student in Greater Noida, decided to take revenge. Around 3.30pm on Monday, three youths came to Nithari from Greater Noida and accosted one Saurabh, who had allegedly beaten up Rohit's younger brother.\"When Saurabh faced Rohit and his friends, he got scared and raised an alarm. Soon a crowd gathered and realizing they were outnumbered, the group including Rohit, Nitant and Sandeep from Greater Noida, fled,\" saod ASP Chinnappa said. While one student managed to get away in his Maruti Zen, the other two ran towards Sector 30 and took refuge in house number A-22.Soon, commotion broke out in sector 30 as residents realized there were intruders in the area. A neighbour saw two strangers on the terrace of A-22 and alerted the sector's security guard. The RWA secretary was informed and he alerted the police. Cops reached A-22 around 4pm, but the youths hiding on the terrace refused to surrender and locked themselves up. Finally, a relative of Rohit had to be summoned who got the two youths to open the door.On allegations of firing, cops claimed that no weapons were found on the two accused. Some eyewitnesses claimed that residents of the area drew out weapons in fear and defence.Police have registered a FIR on the complaint made by Saurabh's father. Rohit and Nitant have been taken into custody and charged with attempt to murder, voluntarily causing hurt, using dangerous weapons, rioting, being armed with deadly weapon and unlawful assembly.Meanwhile, residents alleged that the RWA does not provide them enough security and they face a constant threat from anti-social elements from Nithari village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17382141", "title": "Lukewarm response to tenders further delays setup of new bus shelters", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city municipal corporation's plan to set up proper bus shelters in the recently added areas might get delayed further as the civic body's initial call for tenders from interested parties received lukewarm response. Not a single firm was interested in taking up the responsibility. The civic body has now reworked the tender details in which each of the 130 proposed bus shelters in the newly added suburbs will be classified into three categories depending on the size and location of these bus shelters.\"We have identified the locations for the bus shelters in the newly added areas and the work will be completed at the earliest,\" said TK Ponnusamy, Commissioner, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.According to sources within the corporation not even a single party was interested in submitting their bids initially. The civic body later had to invite fresh tenders from interested parties after offering a detailed classification of the bus shelters on the basis of their size and location. The move was reportedly to give a clear picture to the bidders for the possible revenue returns through advertising.\"It seems there were some concerns about adequate returns, which was the main reason for the lukewarm response. Even the contractors to whom we had entrusted maintenance of the bus shelters were not initially interested,\" said a corporation official.The city municipal corporation has about 285 bus shelters within old corporation limits. It has now proposed an additional 130 bus shelters in the newly added areas. The corporation has already been asked to shift 12 of its existing bus shelters on some of the congested city streets to ease the movement of vehicular movement. The civic body had conducted initial inspection of these identified bus stands on Avinashi, Trichy and Mettupalayam road but are yet to take any concrete step in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17381979", "title": "Political parties keen on a slice of Panem pie", "text": "RANCHI: The political colour at Pachuwara coal mine is deepening with more parties, both national and political, taking a serious view of the ongoing agitation against Panem.The protest by Jharkhand Vikas Morcha - Prajatantrik (JVM-P), which entered its 11{+t}{+h} day on Monday, has halted coal mining at Panem's Pachuwara mine that is adversely affecting power supply in Punjab. Protesters are demanding a tripartite agreement involving the state government, the company and locals.Panem, a joint venture between Punjab State Electricity Board (PSEB) and EMTA Group of Companies, supplies about 60 per cent of the coal required by PSEB's three power plants.Almost all political parties, including the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) and the Congress, are trying to reap their own harvest.While the Congress and the JVM-P, through pro-people demonstrations, are trying to strengthen their foothold in the tribal area by ending JMM's monopoly, JMM and BJP are criticizing JVM-P for creating inconvenience by halting work at the mine and risking thousands of jobs.Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren said JVM-P was not going to gain anything from this political gimmick. \"The JVM-P is attempting to break the bastion of the JMM but this will remain its dream,\" said Soren.BJP MP Nishikant Dubey called the agitation an eyewash. \"It was during his tenure that Panem was given the coal block and now he is protesting against the company. This is nothing but a stunt to gain ground in the region,\" said Dubey.Political analyst RP Singh admitted that the agitation is nothing but a political movement to gain mileage.\"The agitation, led by former chief minister Babulal Marandi, is definitely an attempt to enter into the heartland of Jharkhand Mukti Morcha. In the present assembly, seven out of nine seats from the area are with JMM, and if Babulal manages to gain some ground through this agitation, then the party may get some seat,\" said Singh.According to Singh, if Marandi succeeds in squeezing some benefits out of the company, his party will gain in the next assembly elections. JVM-P, which has the support of Congress leaders Stephen Marandi and Furkan Ansari in the protest, is demanding construction of a Plus II school and a 50-bed hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17380627", "title": "Oldest new dad's PETA posters to be out today", "text": "ROHTAK: Ramajit Raghav, 96, who shot to fame on October 5 when he became oldest man to father a child, is now all set to be smiling at you from the posters -- the brand-new ad campaign to be launched by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), India -- on Tuesday in Delhi.The new ad shows Raghav and his newborn son Ranjeet next to the words \"Vegetarians Still Got It at Age 96\". PETA plans to post the new campaign near fertility clinics around the world. Raghav lives in the fields in the outskirts of Kharkoda village in Sonipat district along with his wife Shakuntala, 53, and two sons, Vikarmjeet, 2, and a month-old Ranjeet.Impressed by his long age and virility, the PETA decided to make him the poster boy of the campaign to support vegetarianism. Raghav said, \"I have been a vegetarian all my life, and I credit my stamina and virility to my diet of vegetables and grains. Being a vegetarian is the secret to my strength and good health.\"Benazir Suraiya, a PETA official, told TOI on Monday that it has been observed that meat clogs arteries and slows blood flow to all major organs - not just the heart.\"Vegetarians are, on average, fitter and trimmer than meat-eaters. They're also less likely to be afflicted with heart disease, diabetes and cancer - all of which are major health problems in India. And since each vegetarian saves lives of over 100 animals a year, their consciences are lighter, too,\" said Suraiya, who met Raghav recently.She said Raghav joins a growing list of athletes, actors and other notable figures - including Shahid Kapoor , R Madhavan , Sonu Sood, Lara Dutta , Pankaj Advani , Anil Kumble and many others - who have teamed up with PETA India to promote healthy, humane vegetarian meals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17382099", "title": "Foundation for staircase of boys' hostel laid", "text": "RANCHI: The foundation stone for the staircase of the proposed boys' hostel building of St Michael's Blind School was laid by A K Tyagi, director (commercial), Mecon on Monday.Tyagi said, \"We are providing assistance to the school under the corporate social responsibility programme. A 26-bed boys' hostel building will be constructed over the existing ground floor of the hostel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380819", "title": "Lion's share for SP pet projects, pocket boroughs", "text": "LUCKNOW: The supplementary budget of Rs 5861.30 crore, presented in the UP assembly on Monday by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , contains new doses of fund preferably for his pet projects like loan waivers for farmers, Kanya Vidhyadhan and Rani Laxamibai pension schemes, besides his hometown Safai and Lok Sabha constituencies of Kannauj represented by his wife Dimple Yadav and Mainpuri by Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav.With this, the state is now saddled with an additional responsibility of raising the extra resources as well to expedite the use of budget, which is now set to corss Rs 2 lakh crores and around 70 per cent of which remains unutilized due to poor monitoring system.However, a welcome relief about this supplementary budget is that fund has also been allocated for development projects, although they might have been awarded to areas considered to be pocket burroughs of SP.A scrutiny of the supplementary grants reveal that Rs 300 crores have been allocated for Kanya Vidhyadhan, which is a poll promise of the SP. Likewise, Rs 125 crore goes for the Lohia Rural Housing Scheme, which already contains a huge budget of around Rs 600 crore with a spending rate of only 5 per cent so far. Similarly, Rs 125 crores have been allocated for the development fund of legislators, who are now allowed to give as much as Rs 25 lakh in one go for treatment of the injured depending on their condition under the amended rules. Another pet project of the ruling SP is the farmers' loan waiver scheme, for which Rs 400 crores have been allocated in the supplementary budget. This is besides Rs 10 crore earmarked in the form of grants for the UP Cooperative Bank on its loan provided at 4 per cent interest rate to marginal farmers. A sum of Rs 100 crores are earmarked for the development of the Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Village Scheme.For raising the honorarium of rural chowkidars, Rs 15 crores have been allocated. Similarly, Rs 16.40 crore have been earmarked for giving pension to those arrested during the period of Emergency imposed by late Indira Gandhi in 1975. These are also the pet schemes of the SP government. In the same vein, Rs 139 crore have been allocated to fund the Rani Laxamibai Pension Scheme for those below poverty line. A new state-level award instituted in the memory of SP leader Janeshwar Mishra for handloom weavers contains a dose of Rs 3.19 lakh. Similarly, Rs 50 lakh have been allocated for paying elelctricity bills pending against power loom weavers and Rs 133.27 crore for Kumbh mela preparations.For Etawah, provisions of allocations have been made for Agro-Ttechnical University, Rs 25 lakh for setting up hatchery, Rs 1 crore for expansion of the Safai Sports College, Rs 44. 64 lakh for an international-level sports guest house, Rs 25 crore for developing sports facilities in Safai, Rs 1.50 crore for the expansion of the Safai Rural Institute of Medical Sciences and research and upgradation of the Safai Paramedical Institute and Rs 1 crore from Safai Balika Vidhyalaya, besides Rs 50 lakh for the Safai Mahotsav.Likewise, Kannuaj and Mainpuri have been given preference, where a host of new development projects, including polytechnic colleges, girls colleges, hotels are also proposed with over Rs 500 core budgetary provisions.Equally good emphasis is given on road construction in which Rs 200 crores have been proposed for the strengthening of state highways system, Rs 1000 symbolic grant for developing the Industrial Development Institute as a centre of excellence, Rs 10 crore for the National Horticulture Mission, a symbolic grant of Rs 1,000 for the development of maize in 22 districts, Rs 30 lakh for state drinking water mission, Rs 34 crore for the check dams in Bundelkhand region etc.For the maintenance of CM's 5 kalidas Marg residence, Rs 28 lakhs have allocated. As compared to this, Rs 50 lakhs have been allocated for the maintenance of legislators's residences, Rs 21 lakh for estate department's colonies for officials and Rs 25 lakh each for meeting the cleanliness expenses of Darul Shafa and State Guest houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17381466", "title": "Pleas for state support to art films get louder", "text": "PANAJI: Yet another media interaction with directors of the Indian Panorama section revealed their discontent over the lack of state support in terms of funding and infrastructure for unconventional cinema.\"What use is Indian Panorama to us besides the three-day accommodation and screening of our films? It does not go beyond that. Our films don't go anywhere from there. Doordarshan, initially kept slots for art house films that helped filmmakers cover costs incurred and increased visibility. We need that support,\" said Malyalam film director Biju, whose film Akashathinte Niram is part of the Indian Panorama section.\"New media has its limitations. The future of documentary filmmaking can be considered bright only if a formal avenue for exhibiting these films is established,\" said documentary filmmaker Sunanda Bhat in agreement with Biju. Bhat's documentary Ningal Aranaye Kando, is a metaphor for things chang ing.\"Even at Iffi, documentaries are immediately followed by a feature film, cutting down on the vital interaction between the audience and the documentary filmmaker,\" Biju said. Konkani filmmaker Dnyanesh Moghe supported the claim for more state support. \"There is always room for more support for independent filmmakers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380250", "title": "Narayan Rane clears the air, no plan to join Shiv Sena", "text": "MUMBAI: Keeping party politics away, two key DF ministers, NCP's Chhagan Bhujbal and Congress's Narayan Rane , on Monday paid tributes to their political mentor and former boss Balasaheb Thackeray at a condolence meeting held at Mantralaya, the state government headquarters.Thackeray died after protracted illness at his Bandra residence on November 17.Even as he fondly recalled his long association with the late Thackeray, Rane made it clear that he had no intention of going back to Shiv Sena , the party he quit in 2005 after irreconcilable differences with Uddhav Thackeray.\"Sena is my past and Congress my future,\" said Rane, scotching speculation in political circles that he may well be keen on worming his way back to the Sena fold, in the post-Thackeray era. Rane headed the Sena-BJP government for eight months in 1999. The fiesty Congressman is seen as a strong contender for the chief ministership in the DF.Stating that Balasaheb lived life king-size, Rane said, \"He taught his followers to think big and positive. He loved them like head of the family. His popularity across Maharashtra was phenomenal.\"Rane said Thackeray never believed in sham democracy. If he made up his mind, he would act swiftly. There was no hemming and hawing. He chose me to succeed Manohar Joshi as CM and that was that. Unlike other political parties, the Sena didn't believe in striking a balance between factions or taking an arduous route to choose a chief minister,'' said the industries minister.Bhujbal said Balasaheb had transcended the narrow limits of party politics. \"He was not a politician in the sense we understand. He came from a family of social reformers. He combined oratory, organizational skills and charisma to put the Sena on a firm footing. To me, both Balasaheb and his wife, Meenatai, were like parents. I and Rane got plum positions in NCP and Congress because we had done long years of apprenticeship in the Sena. This happened because of Balasaheb,\" Bhujbal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379075", "title": "No war, but 4000 soldiers killed since 1999", "text": "NEW DELHI: Without going to war, India has lost close to 4,000 soldiers in counterinsurgency operations as well as in manning high-altitude areas like Siachen in the last 12 years since the 1999 Kargil conflict with Pakistan. Moreover, over 100 soldiers continue to commit suicide every year.Defence minister A K Antony, in a written reply in Lok Sabha on Monday, said that while 530 soldiers were martyred during Operation Vijay in 1999, another 3,987 have been killed between 2000 and 2012.The number of soldiers being killed in counter-insurgency operations in both Jammu and Kashmir and the north-east has been steadily declining over the last decade with the Army achieving a much better ``kill ratio'' versus the militants.But suicide and fragging (to kill a fellow soldier) cases continue to remain as high as ever. Around 1,020 soldiers have committed suicide just since 2003. Disclosing the figures, Antony said while 96 soldiers had committed suicide in 2009, the figures stood at 115 in 2010, 102 (2011) and 81 till now this year.As reported by TOI earlier, three ugly face-offs between officers and jawans have also been reported in the 1.13-million-strong Army over the past one year. This is a clear indicator of the declining standards of leadership and discipline in the Army, where jawans are no longer willing to be humiliated by their officers, as well as the stressful working conditions in the force.The stand-off between officers and jawans of an armoured corps unit at Samba in J&K; had been triggered after a solider had committed suicide on August 8. The one in eastern Ladakh's Nyoma sector in May had ended in a violent clash between officers and jawans of the 226 Field Artillery Regiment, leaving the unit commanding officer, two majors and two jawans hospitalized with limb fractures, bruises and other injuries.Also, 25,063 soldiers have also proceeded on pre-mature retirement during the last three years. ``However, reasons for seeking pre-mature retirement cannot be attributed to stressful working environment,'' said Antony, who added that government had been continuously taking steps to reduce stress among soldiers after undertaking a number of studies.But the parliamentary standing committee on defence has repeatedly criticized the MoD for taking only piecemeal steps instead of totally revamping existing mechanisms to deal with stress and other problems faced by soldiers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17381181", "title": "Your vital drug may be a deadly dud", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If your cough syrup has not shown the desired affect it claims on the labels recently, it could mean that the manufacturer has added less quantities of the active medicine. This is one of the ways in which the manufacturers are trying to cut corners, the Gujarat Food and Drugs Control Administration (FDCA) found in the latest tests they did.For instance, on Saturday, the FDCA found that Oriphex dry syrup's October 2011 batch had just 75 per cent of the claimed active drug on the label. \"Normally a five per cent variation in the quantity of active drug component in the syrup is bearable-which means 95 per cent. But in this Oriphex batch, the manufacturer had 25 per cent less active drug component according to our laboratory,\" says food and drugs commissioner HG Koshia.In another case, the FDCA found the normal rolled gauze that hospitals use to nurse and cover wounds was found not meeting standards as the weave was less than what was prescribed. The FDCA declared the gauze by Kohinoor products as substandard. \"We count the number of weaves per square centimeter in the gauze, the thickness and quality of the thread used in the gauze and basic things like whether they are neatly packed. This is because this gauze is directly placed on the wound,\" says Koshia.The FDCA has been sending warning SMSs to all pharmacists in the state directly from its laboratories regarding any substandard drug. The regulator has uploaded a new feature in its official website enabling citizens to verify whether the purchased drug meets the specified standards. Here citizens may just enter the drug name and batch number and can verify it instantly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17382799", "title": "Gehlot takes on Joshi over NH8 project delay", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur-Delhi National Highway seems to have drawn the wedge between two Congress stalwarts from Rajasthan deeper. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot has written a strongly worded letter to his party colleague and Union minister for road transport and highways, CP Joshi , to expedite the ongoing widening of NH-8.The two leaders are often seen sharing a dais during state functions but it's no secret that the two have no love lost for each other. Gehlot chose to apprise Joshi about his \"disappointment\" with the unwarranted delay in completion of the project. The deadline for the project has been extended four times since 2009. Insiders claim that the delay is a fallout of the one-upmanship between the two leaders from Rajasthan .According to sources, in the first week of November, Gehlot wrote to the minister about the slow progress at NH-8 . The move came after several rounds of failed discussions between state government officials and National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to expedite the work. In the letter, the CM raised his concern over the slow pace and asked the Union minister to take action against the contractors responsible . Officials from Public Works Department confirmed the development. \"We are making efforts to get the work done as soon as possible . CM too has written a letter to the ministry to push the case. Teams of engineers from state government surveyed the road and we have identified 56 concrete structures which are causing the delay,\" said J C Mohanty, principal secretary, PWD.Unfortunately, the reasons for the delay seem to be more political than anything else. With Rajasthan going for assembly polls next year, both Joshi and Gehlot are pushing the developmental work envisaged by them in their strongholds.The state has been the biggest beneficiary since Joshi took charge of the highway ministry. Be it announcement for new National Highway stretches, repair of highways/roads, the Union minister appears to be favouring his home state and his own constituency has got max favours.Over the past one year 1,641km in Rajasthan has been declared as NH and some of these stretches pass through Joshi's political strongholds like Bhilwara , Udaipur and Banswara . Recently in October he also launched a Rs. 914 cr road-widening project in Rajsamand district falling in his influence of Mewar region.CM, on the other hand, wants to finish off all mega projects including widening of Jaipur-Delhi highway before the polls to earn brownie points. The area falling on NH-8 has more Gehlot supporters. \"Through this letter the chief minister is trying to portray Joshi as biased and sanctioning projects for his own benefits,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17380448", "title": "Endless woes of Kendriya Vihar: Burglary, stray dogs", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Kendriya Vihar have been having sleepless nights after burglary attempts were made in two flats of C-block in the past week. To add to their woes, stray dogs and monkeys in the residential society have spread terror among children and prevent them from going to parks.On Saturday night, unidentified persons broke the locks of two houses when the families were out. On Sunday morning when they returned they were shocked to find that an attempt had been made by burglars to break into their house on the intervening night of Saturday and Sunday.In another incident, a small boy was bitten by a stray dog while he was strolling with his mother. The boy, who was bleeding profusely, was taken to a doctor for immediate treatment.Though the RWA, the Kendriya Vihar Apartment Owners' Welfare Association (KVAOWA), has been boasting about upgraded security cover on the premises but it seems the claims have fallen flat. According to them, around 2,500 families reside in the society and there are two dozen guards and two CCTVs.A resident, not wanting to reveal his identity, said the entry of anti-social elements under the guise of meeting property dealers should be checked with immediate effect. \"At times, outsiders are found roaming freely within the society and when they are questioned they claim to have come to meet property dealers for renting accommodation,\" he added.Also there are encroachments outside the boundary wall of Kendriya Vihar and the identities of people are not known. Either they should be removed or their identity details should be registered with the society office or Sector 56 police station, said another resident. He also said that residents pay maintenance and other miscellaneous charges for security but such incidents make them wonder if it iw worth paying for.Meanwhile, a police complaint has been lodged at Sector 56 police station about the burglary attempts and cops questioned suspected people but no breakthrough could be made in the case so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17379710", "title": "Township FSI hiked to boost economic hubs", "text": "MUMBAI: To encourage creation of new economic hubs, the state government has decided to make it mandatory for township projects to set aside up to one-fourth of the land for economic activity.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan recently approved a fresh policy for special township projects, which contains this provision of setting setting aside land for economic activity.Special township projects are those where a developer is permitted to set up a township along with all necessary infrastructure and amenities in a composite plot spread across 40 hectares (around 100 acres).The idea is to create employment opportunities for citizens near their residences, an official said. Besides improving the quality of life of citizens, the move will also enable decongestion of developed economic centers like Mumbai, the official added.The government has categorized businesses centered around education, hospitality, healthcare, and entertainment, among other activities as economic activity. Townships spread across 40-100 hectares will have to set aside 15% of its area for such activity, those over 100-200 hectares will have to reserve 20% and those above 200 hectares 25%, a source said. Meanwhile, the fresh policy also aims at redesigning the skyline of townships by raising the floor space index (FSI). Depending on the size of the plot and its location, an FSI of 1.3-1.7 will be provided under the new policy. The same benefit ranged between 0.2 and 1 previously.While allegations that the policy was being designed to benefit a couple of major developers who are developing townships in MMR, Chavan denied it. Claiming that the policy was aimed at promoting planned development, Chavan said that his government had studied existing policies implemented in Gujarat, AP, Haryana, and Uttar Pradesh before taking a decision.For developable areas in the MMR, the FSI available will range from 1.5 to 1.7. A maximum FSI of 1 was previously provided. It will be 1.5 for townships spread across 40-100 hectares (100 to 247 acres), 1.6 for 100-200 hectares and 1.7 for townships above 200 hectares.Chavan however said that the government has imposed a fresh condition requiring developers to build small-sized house for economically weaker sections and low income groups on 20% area of the plot. To be handed over to Mhada after being constructed, Chavan said that these would boost affordable housing stock. The government will charge premium at ready reckoner value for the additional incentive FSI (excluding one used for public housing).A state-appointed panel had recommended the hike in FSI to incentivize township projects arguing that the existing policies had failed to elicit desired response from developers. The panel also recommended doing away with multiple policies for townships. Chavan said that the government has accepted the panel's report. While different incentives were provided to urbanizable areas within and outside municipal limits, this has been withdrawn in the new regime.No township will be permitted in ecologically sensitive zones. But, the government has hiked FSI for development of other 'green' zones existing alongside transport corridors. Existing townships where 20% area is yet to be developed could also avail the new policy, sources said. A notification will be issued this week. \"We will invite suggestions and objections from the public,\" said Chavan. The FSI incentive for such projects was last hiked in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380613", "title": "White paper on irrigation before winter session: Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday indicated that the much-awaited white paper on irrigation could come out even before the winter session of the state assembly. Speaking to reporters, Chavan said the government would be prepared for an official discussion on the white paper on the floor of the House.On Saturday, Chavan and NCP leader Sharad Pawar met at state guesthouse in Malabar Hill and reportedly discussed the strategy on the white paper, including the timing for bringing it out.Sources said the government's plan to bring out the white paper before the session was to negate a frontal attack from the Opposition.During the monsoon session of the state assembly, water resources minister Sunil Tatkare had assured the House that the document would be brought out before the winter session.On November 22, the state government filed an affidavit in the Bombay high court claiming the white paper will be brought out within three weeks. Sources said the document could be placed before the state cabinet meeting next week. Another white paper on MMRDA projects could also come up for discussion in the same meeting.The government has already toned down the white paper pitch by claiming that it would be on the lines of a status (factual) paper of irrigation projects. While the NCP is keen to use it to wash off the corruption charges against it and prepare grounds for a comeback of former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, the Congress is keen to ensure that the entire exercise is carried out in a manner that does not bring the party and Chavan any loss of face.It was Chavan who called for a white paper in May after raising fingers over a mere 0.1 per cent rise in cropped irrigated area in the last decade despite massive spending of irrigation projects and had also questioned extent of cost escalations in irrigation projects.Ajit Pawar resigned on September 25 after allegations of corruption were raised against him over irrigation approvals.While the NCP-controlled WRD has been entrusted the task for the white paper's preparation, sources said Chavan and Pawar discussed the draft on Saturday to identify prickly issues for both sides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17380750", "title": "Mystery shrouds man\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death at CHL Apollo Hospital", "text": "INDORE: A former technician was found dead under suspicious circumstances at the CHL Apollo Hospital here on Monday. The deceased has been identified as Bharat Jinwal, a resident of Lala Ka Bagicha.His body was found in a washroom of the hospital. According to the relatives of the deceased, he was earlier associated with the hospital as a lab technician. He left the job around a year ago and joined another hospital in the city.On Sunday night, there was an anonymous call on his cell phone.He was called to the CHL Apollo Hospital, alleged his family members adding that Bharat was found dead in the washroom of the hospital in the morning.His body had turned green, which indicates that he might have been poisoned, said his relatives. Director of CHL Apollo Hospital Rajesh Bhargava said he came in the night at 10 pm and nobody stopped him as he was familiar to all.He claimed that it is a case of suicide and Bharat has used anaesthesia used in OT. However, a DNA test and cellphone details will clear the issue.MIG police in charge Ramnarayan Sharma said police will investigate the case thoroughly before reaching any conclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379806", "title": "SP, BSP spar over quota bill, but unite on retail FDI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has again managed to balance Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party despite the UP outfits crossing swords over a discussion on promotion quota bill.Sworn rivals SP and BSP were seated opposite each other at the all-party meeting called to discuss the logjam on FDI. In keeping with the seating arrangement, they took little time to clash over \"promotion quota\", a favourite with Mayawati but blocked by Mulayam Singh Yadav's men as \"unconstitutional\".The faceoff between the UPA's \"outside supporters\", however, did not stop government managers from being all smiles as both UP parties showed surprising consensus on FDI. They said the issue of voting on FDI in multi-brand retail be left to the chair of the two Houses.The stance taken by BSP chief Mayawati and Rajya Sabha leader Ramgopal Yadav brightened the chances of government managing a thin majority if a discussion on the policy to allow foreign retail marts is voted upon.Mayawati struck a discordant note at the meeting by complaining that the blockade of Parliament was not allowing the constitutional amendment to restore \"promotion quota\". She said, \"Last session, quota bill got stuck because of Coalgate and now it is because of FDI. Parliament should run since it is holding back many issues of importance.\"The rivals clashed, with SP leader Naresh Aggarwal snubbing JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav who tried to broker peace by assuring support for the quota move at a later stage.SP general secretary Rajesh Dixit said, \"We will never allow promotion quota bill to be taken up. We made it clear to the government. But we are opposed to voting on any discussion on FDI in Parliament.\"Consultations between SP and the government have picked up with Mulayam and Ramgopal meeting PM Manmohan Singh before the resumption of Parliament on Monday. Ramgopal is likely to become the chairman of the ethics committee in the upper House , another sign of the growing bonhomie between Congress and SP.But the fury of the squabbling Uttar Pradesh players did not come in the way of government's comfort on FDI. Neither put the condition that it would support the Centre on FDI only if its view on promotion quota was accepted. In fact, government listed the quota bill in Rajya Sabha even if it risked provoking SP.The Centre in September approved a constitutional amendment to ensure promotion quota after an adverse court order but failed to get it past Rajya Sabha owing to protests from SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17381155", "title": "Neighbours struck by similarities", "text": "Students from Pakistan tell Kamini Mehta mutual exchanges of ideas of the young clear misconceptions.The \"India-experience\" has gone a long way in clearing out the prejudices from the minds of a bunch of Pakistani students, who visited the city recently. They now wish to share this experience with friends back home and the new ones made across this side of the border, in order to promote an amicable bond between the youths of the partitioned nations.The 12 girls from 55 Lahore Grammar School came to the city for the Mock UN conference held at a private school in the city and participated in discussions over global peace.They now wish to get talking with the Indian youths through more student exchange programmes and over the social media as they discovered the ideas and thinking of youths are similar across both the sides of border. \"It is the youngsters of our age who are the future of our countries. We should leave our differences behind and do away with our social stigmas,\" said Fatima Azmat, a participating student. \"We have understood from this visit that the youths on this side of the border too, want peace and progress, just as we do, and together, we can act as catalysts in establishing peace between the two countries,\" she added. Saleha Aziz, another student, considers that social media will help them take the personal experience further.\"Social networking will help us keep in touch with our Indian friends and exchange ideas. Since, we know there is no difference among people on both the sides of the border, we can go back and motivate other students as well to participate in such exchange programmes,\" she said.The students also believe that mutual exchange programmes that allow students from both the countries to visit the neighbouring one, and mingle with the people and culture their, will go a long way in propagating peace. \"We had an entirely different idea about Indians before coming here and so were the misconception of the Indian students about us. They thought we would come dressed in veils and would be reluctant in participation,\" said Rahma Shahid.Rahma said she was impressed with everything from the Indian food to the hospitality and the homely atmosphere. \"We did not feel we were in some other country. We would like to promote this experience back home and we hope we have left behind an equally amicable impression on our Indian counterparts,\" she added.In her opinion, more student exchange programmes will help the younger generation clear its misconceptions. Promoting the Pakistani theatre and movies among Indian friends through social media could be another step in mending the distances.\"In Pakistan, Bollywood is very popular, but we were shocked to know that Indian students did not know about Pakistani cinema or theatre, despite the acclaim it has earned across Asia. Such an exchange of each other's art and culture will promote positive communication,\" said another student Zoha Majeed. The students feel that doing away with the complexities in visa rules on both sides of the nation is something that will let people experience the other country first-hand.\"Stringent visa rules are a hindrance for people who look forward to travelling in the other country. We got our visa clearance just two hours before boarding the flight and did not know if we will be able to make it to India until then,\" said Noor Zia.The participating team included Zoha Majeed, Saleha Aziz, Rahma Shahid, Areeb Shaukat, Fatima Azmat, Amal Hayat, Noor Zia, Alina Najam, Mahnoor Saeed, Suniya Raza, Ameera Iqbal and Zermeen Sahar. Talking about the overall experience, Noor said, \"Giving the 'enemy' a face, and realizing it is rather a good one, is what we have experienced and so have the Indian students, we hope.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381368", "title": "Driver found murdered", "text": "PUNE: A 23-year-old driver was found murdered near a restaurant at Lohegaon during the early hours on Monday. According to the Airport police, a previous rivalry may be the reason behind the murder of the victim identified as Manohar Bandu Nimbalkar of Moze lane in Lohegaon. Inspector Sunil Gharge of the Airport police said the incident took place during the early hours of Monday when unidentified persons attacked Nimbalkar with sharp weapons. \"We have launched a search to trace the suspects,\" Gharge said.Gharge said Nimbalkar was a driver on a private school van.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379944", "title": "Did not give political clean chit to Gadkari: Gurumurthy", "text": "NEW DELHI: RSS ideologue S Gurumurthy has clarified that he probed only the allegations of money laundering by Nitin Gadkari into Purti group and did not give a \"political clean chit\" to the BJP president.Responding to a TOI report published on Sunday about Gadkari family members owning shares in shell companies that have shares in the Purti group, Gurumurthy said, \"The TOI report misses that in my investigation on the subject placed in the public domain, the issue was money laundering. I have said that the charge that Gadkari has laundered money into Purti is ridiculous.\"\"But the media had extended that professional finding as a political 'clean chit',\" he said. Pointing out that the report says Gadkari family has nominal shares in three of the 18 companies, he said, \"But, that Mehtas have written to the IT dept owning these 3 companies also, like they have owned the 14, is very critical.\"Gurumurthy said had the Mehtas owned the 14 companies today, he would have doubted them. \"But they have owned them on record 9 years back in 2003-4. Like in the 14 companies, in the 3 companies mentioned in the ToI report also, they had kept their name away for reasons mentioned in my investigation,\" he said.\"That was why professionals assisting Purti have been probably forced to include for secretarial purposes Gadkari family members, (and) employees of Purti as nominal shareholders or directors for a while,\" the RSS ideologue says. The shareholding of Gadkari family members in the three companies is \"so nominal that to say that they control the 18 shell companies is clearly incorrect, particularly in view of Mehta's owning 14 of them in 2003-4,\" Gurumurthy said.He asserted that even the presence of Gadkari's family members and nominees as shareholders or directors \"no way affects my finding that the original Rs 47crore invested into Purti by Mehta was held as genuine by tax authorities in 2006.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17384108", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar should speak to selectors about future: Kapil Dev", "text": "NEW DELHI: Saddened by the criticism that Sachin Tendulkar is facing due to his lean run, former Indian captain Kapil Dev said the veteran batsman should speak to the selectors about his future.Tendulkar's poor run continued in the recently-concluded second Test against England which the visitors won in just four days despite the track being tailor-made to India's demands.Following the 39-year-old's most recent failure, ex-captain Sunil Gavaskar said it was time for him to speak to the selectors. And now, Kapil has echoed his former teammate's view.\"Either selectors should speak to him or Sachin should himself have a word with them. The problem is that Sachin does not speak about it openly and the selectors have also been mum about it till now,\" Kapil said.\"This results in confusion amongst the fans and also invites criticism from everyone, especially when Sachin performs badly. Selectors should talk to him openly. He (Sachin) is a hero and one feels really bad to see fingers being pointed at him,\" he said.After the defeat against England in the Mumbai Test, skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni is also facing the ire of former players. Kapil said Dhoni's place in the playing XI is in itself questionable.\"It is a big loss, indeed. We never let other teams dominate in our own conditions. But, this loss has raised some serious questions. We all know that Dhoni has performed badly in the last 8-10 Tests and going purely by performance, his place in the playing XI seems a bit doubtful.\"When you win, a captain takes the entire credit and similarly he will also be blamed when the team loses. He has let himself down and fans are feeling the same,\" said the 1983 World Cup winning skipper.Kapil said that the team is going through a transition phase after retirement of legends such as Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman but hoped that it will bounce back in the remaining two Tests against England.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381885", "title": "Gadchiroli police hold Diwali mela for martyrs' kin", "text": "NAGPUR: Gadchiroli police, in a first, recently organized a Diwali milan mela for the nearest kin of security personnel killed in encounter with Naxals in the last two decades. It was first of measures to break free from the formalities of handing over benefits to the martyrs' families or redress their grievances through an informal get-together.It is learnt around 80 families of martyrs, out of 127, were present in the unique event that lasted for a couple of hours. It provided a platform for the families of martyrs to meet with those still in combat mode. Several senior officials were learnt to be present along with their wives and children at the meet. Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, Mohammed Suwez Haque said his idea was to ensure that the martyrs' families did not feel left-out and deprived of happiness.\"We generally hold meetings every two months with martyrs' family to know their grievances and try sorting them out. I wanted to break the monotonous pattern and ensure they are offered some happier moments too,\" said Haque. The SP had earlier undertaken several welfare measures for the personnel that included holding a camp of breathing exercises to beat stress and tension of a difficult posting. \"Our aim was to send a message to the martyrs' families that they are still a part of us,\" he said.Deputy inspector general of police, Naxal range, Ravindra Kadam said that the effort was for 'cultivating goodwill'. Hemlata Waghade, whose husband died in an encounter, said the initiative was welcome as a measure to express solidarity but much more needed to be done. \"The get-together was a good attempt by the senior officers but more efforts should be made to ensure all facilities are extended in their full spirit. Often the government resolutions regarding facilities are not followed,\" she said.Haque said that 'Tulsi' and Neem' saplings were given as gifts. \"A sapling would grow as a memory of the department in the courtyard of martyrs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17381802", "title": "DHD-J disbanded, Nunisa faction to follow soon", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Jewel Garlosa-led faction of militant outfit Dima Halam Daogah (DHD) - DHD(J) - was officially disbanded on Monday in Haflong town, some 300km away from the city, as part of its tripartite memorandum of settlement (MoS) signed with the state and the Centre.Meanwhile, the other faction of DHD headed by Dilip Nunisa welcomed the disbanding of the Jewel faction and said, \"We are also in the pipeline to disband our faction. Though the date has not been fixed yet, it would probably be in December. The Union home minister has also agreed to attending the occasion. For peace and progress, we need to unite and work together.\"According to the MoS, the DHD was supposed to dissolve itself within six months from the signing of the accord on October 8 this year. From now onwards, the outfit would be known as Ex-DHD Welfare Society.\"I want the people of Dima Hasao district to maintain peace and join hands in the road to progress. Our 100 cadres had been absorbed in Assam Police and 200 others would be trained in entrepreneurship for their rehabilitation. The new society will focus on bringing socio-economic development in the Dima Hasao Autonomous Territorial Council (DHTAC),\" said Jewel.Sources said the new welfare society would have Jewel as adviser. \"The outfit's c-in-c, Nironjon Hojai, will now be the president of the welfare society while vice-president Phaiphrang Dimasa will be the general secretary,\" said the source.The Jewel faction split away from DHD, an insurgent Dimasa outfit, in 2004 and formed DHD(J). Since then, the faction targeted politicians, non-local residents, central government employees and other tribes and carried out kidnappings, arson attacks, ambushes and bombings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380769", "title": "Shift 20 inmates from Mankhurd shelter: Bombay HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Distressed by a report on \"unhygienic, humiliating and abusive\" conditions at Navjeevan Sudhar Kendra in Mankhurd, a state-run rehabilitation home for rescued women, the Bombay high court on Monday ordered that 20 inmates be immediately shifted to Shradhanand Mahila Ashram (Matunga Road), which is run by an NGO.The court directed that magistrate Swati Chavan monitor the affairs of the Mankhurd home; besides, a team of magistrates has to record the statements of the 20 women and submit a report in two weeks.A court-appointed committee said in its report that 66% of the inmates (36 out of 54) were found to be \"severely depressed\" and a similar number displayed suicidal intent. One person even committed suicide in March this year.According to the report, a woman tested positive for pregnancy in October 2011, within 50 days of being admitted to the centre on September 8. On Septemer 12, she was tested for pregnancy at JJ Hospital as required and tested negative. However, on October 23, she tested positive for pregnancy, the report said, adding: \"Hence, sexual assault/intercourse cannot be ruled out.\"The HC had suo motu turned an email received from activist Purnima Upadhyaya into a PIL. The mail was based on a news report that carried allegations levelled against the Mankhurd home by an inmate. On November 6, the HC bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar expressed dissatisfaction over a police report and appointed a two-member panel comprising psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty and superintendent of police Rashmi Karandikar to visit the home and submit a report.The 28-page report, which was compiled after interviewing 87 inmates, said the authorities\u00e2\u20ac\u201dincluding the police\u00e2\u20ac\u201dseemed \"grossly negligent towards the repatriation process\". The home receives many women who are rescued from traffickers. An order to repatriate 33 such girls last November resulted only in nine transport permissions. These, too, lapsed with no implementation within three months, the panel said. Even an order to send an inmate to her parents living in nearby Mira Road was not complied with.The report said a few girls \"saw unidentified men near the barracks\" and it called for serious investigation. Registers were not maintained and \"negligence and callousness continued through successive superintendents\".The staff has said wholesome meals are given to the inmates, but the committee report tells a different tale. \"Food is often insufficient, unpalatable and half-cooked,\" said one girl. \"The inmates did not perceive respect and compassion at the centre and felt their dignity and human rights were violated continuously,\" the committee said. \"Deep suspicion, anger and resentment continues against the staff even now ...human rights violations were continuous, but the centre blames overcrowding for most ills.\" The report said the inmates were threatened with extended stay and named new superintendent Shobha Shelar as among the staffers who \"terrorized the girls\".Government pleader D Nalavade said the girl on whose allegations the news report was based was not traceable and her statement was necessary. But the HC said other events had overtaken this aspect.The report by Dr Shetty and Karandikar said, \"The centre needs a compassionate superintendent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380083", "title": "TN farmers face second crop failure: Counsel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tamil Nadu's counsel in the Cauvery case C S Vaidyanathan on Monday said there has been a huge shortfall in the release of Cauvery water by upper riparian Karnataka. Tamil Nadu's farmers are staring at a possible failure of the second crop, he told a Supreme Court bench of Justices D K Jain and Madan B Lokur.The bench said if the CMs of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu don't try to find a solution, there would be one application after another from both states, without any move towards a permanent solution.Vaidyanathan accused the Centre of shrugging off its responsibility in finding a permanent solution. To this, the bench said: \"It is best that the chief ministers talk and find a solution. We cannot be asking the Cauvery River Authority, headed by the Prime Minister, to meet often.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381878", "title": "Tension at Zingabai Takli over statue removal", "text": "NAGPUR: Supporters of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) thronged Gittikhadan police station on Monday after the encroachment removal squad of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) tried to shift a statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji from a location at Zingabai Takli.It's learnt that the statue was being removed from the place for the slum rehabilitation authorities to begin work at the site. Tension rose when the officials reached the place under police protection to remove the statue.The MNS workers were assuaged by senior police officials who also received a memorandum submitted by the agitators. The MNS supporters have demanded a probe into the encroachment removal order, which empowered agencies to remove the statue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17381595", "title": "Dengue claims boy from Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: A 13-year-old boy from Nagamalai Pudukottai in the outskirts of Madurai city succumbed to dengue at Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH), Madurai on Monday.Ashwin, son of Arumugan of Mela Street in Nagamalai Pudukottai, was studying in Class 8 in a local school and had been suffering from fever and diarrhoea since November 16. He was admitted in GRH on Saturday.S Senthil Kumar, deputy director of health services, Madurai district, said Ashwin was treated in a couple of private hospitals before he was brought to GRH. Tests at the virology lab in the department of microbiology in Madurai Medical College confirmed that he had dengue. Ashwin did not respond to the treatment at GRH and died early morning. He could have been saved had he been brought to GRH earlier, Kumar said. He claimed that there is no need to panic over the death since fewer dengue cases have been reported in the last few days from Madurai district, particularly Melur area. Three weeks ago, the number of patients who tested positive for dengue at GRH had touched 300 a day. Of these at least 40 cases used to be from Melur. \"On Monday, only 79 patients tested positive for dengue at GRH. Cases from Melur have reduced to less than 10 in the past week. This is due to the efforts taken by the district administration. A large number of people have been deployed in dengue prevalent areas. Meticulous supervision has helped to contain dengue,\" Kumar said. The number of out patients in both GRH and Government Hospital, Melur, have also come down, he said.As many as 30 fogging machines were brought by the village administration in the district to control the mosquitoes, Kumar added.Tamil Nadu has recorded the maximum number of dengue deaths in the country this year.Between November 5 and 15, the state recorded 767 cases and six deaths taking the total number of cases to 9249 and deaths to 60.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382227", "title": "More neo-natal care units to fight crib deaths", "text": "KOLKATA: Neo-natal care is set to take a leap ahead in the state with eight more sick newborn care units (SNCU) that will come up by the end of December. While this will take the number of SNCUs in the state to 34 from the existing 26, it is expected to help bring down the infant mortality rate from the present 31 which is considered steep. The number of SNCUs could go up to 40 by the end of March, according to the health department.Recurring baby deaths have been a concern over the last few years, with BC Roy Children's Hospital in Kolkata recording a series of crib deaths in 2010 and 2011. More than 35 babies died at the hospital - the state's only referral unit for children - in the space of two weeks in June and November, 2011. While the authorities claimed that the children had been brought in late and it wasn't possible to save them, the enormous pressure on the hospital was making it difficult for doctors, it was pointed out.\"We have been trying to take the pressure off just one hospital and have the best facilities at other government hospitals as well. Till a year-and-half back, there were just eight SNCUs in West Bengal. Now, there are 26 and it will go up to 34 by the end of this year. More SNCUs will help prevent crib deaths in future. In the long run, it will bring the infant mortality rate down as well,\" said Tridib Banerjee, chairman of the task force for infant mortality.Apart from new units, existing ones are being expanded. This is being done by utilizing unused space at government hospitals and medical colleges. MR Bangur, which now has one of the most well-equipped SNCUs in the state, will have 60-70 beds by December. It now has 20. Calcutta Medical College and Hospital will have 120 neo-natal beds, taking its SNCU, neo-natal intensive care unit (NICU) and other paediatric beds together. It now has just 20.NRS Medical College and Hospital will have 60 neo-natal beds by the end of December. The hospital now has just 10. Each of the SNCUs being set up will be armed with the best facilities. \"This includes radiant warmers, phototherapy units, infusion pumps, syringe pumps, multichannel monitors and pulse oxymeters. We shall have adequate number of doctors and nursing staff for each unit. While new appointments are being made, we shall have a better distribution of doctors across hospitals for the purpose,\" said Banerjee.New SNCU and NICU have been planned at Abinash Datta Hospital. So far, it didn't have a paediatric unit. Burdwan Medical College, too, will have a 70-bed SNCU and NICU in place by December. Malda Medical College is set to have 80 beds. \"Since we are following the Purulia model for paediatric care, it's in order that the district, too, has a well-equipped child hospital. The medical college there will be upgraded with the best neo-natal facilities and will have 64 beds. It now has just 12. It's has beenpossible to have more beds at these hospitals through better utilization of space. We are looking for more unutilized or under-utilized space at hospitals to add more units,\" said Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381371", "title": "Names appearing twice to be removed: Admin", "text": "PUNE: The district election branch said here on Monday that as many as 2.27 lakh voter names had been duplicated in the existing voters' list and were now being removed. Names of another 95,000 people, who have passed away, would also be removed.\"We introduced a new software at 21 assembly constituency offices in the district to identify duplicate or repeated names. About 2.27 lakh such names were identified. We prepared constituency-wise lists of these names. Our on-duty staff at every constituency will now issue notices to every such voter and approach their residences to record their statements on the deletion of every additional name,\" said Apoorva Wankhede, district deputy election officer.To identify the names of people who are no longer alive, the district election branch obtained a list from the Pune Municipal Corporation.The district election branch has identified another 3 lakh names of people who have relocated and now plans to initiate steps to identify their current status, failing which they would delete such names. Officials said it was a difficult task to identify the current status of many voters as they were not present at their addresses during house-to-house survey, neither did they approached the administration to update their status.Wankhede said the ongoing steps would help update the voters' list of every constituency thereby removing names of repeated, dead and relocated residents. Wankhede further said there was a plan to publish on the district administration's website the list of duplicate names and voters who had passed away. A list would also be available at the office of the ERO of each constituency.Local wings of political parties and civic organizations had demanded a revision of the voters' list alleging major repetition in names.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17381348", "title": "Tank collapse: Bhopal Municipal Corporation blames it on state govt", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is passing the buck over fixing the responsibility and is holding the state government responsible for the accident that led to collapse of overhead water tank in Sai Baba Nagar in the state capital that killed 7 persons and injured many others. While a magisterial probe is on, the civic body and other institutions are holding parallel probes, the BMC officials claim they are not at fault.BMC additional commissioner and in charge of water works department of the corporation Pramod Shukla, said, \"The corporation is not responsible for the accident. The Public Health Engineering (PHE) department had constructed the tank in 1987 and the state government had approved it despite knowing that the design of the tank was flawed.\"\"After the design was found faulty, the state had only issued orders that the new overhead water tanks would be constructed on pillars, but said nothing whether to use constructed tanks of faulty designs,\" Shukla said.\"There are 32 more tanks in dilapidated condition and over half a dozen overhead tanks suffer from flaw in design. All of them are operational since we do not have any other alternative source for storage of water,\" he added.However, urban administration and development minister Babulal Gaur said, \"Since the magisterial probe is on it is not appropriate for me to comment on the issue.\"\"The tank, which was already in use had major leakage problems, which were brought to the notice of the concerned officials,\" Congress corporator Shobha Narwane said.\"However, despite knowing the consequences of leakage of the tank, concerned officials ordered to overflow the tank, which led to the disaster,\" BMC officials said, seeking anonymity. \"Moreover, this tank was marked as dangerous over a year ago, but no proper action was taken,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381645", "title": "Science &amp; fiction, thriller draw crowds at National Book Fair", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The National Book Fair being organised at the Government Girls' Inter College is attracting huge crowd of people. Book lovers thronged the book stalls and went through the sea of knowledge spread at the venue on Monday.Books on various topics including science &amp; fiction, romance, thriller, fantasy, historical, classics, competitive exam guidelines, religion, biographies, dictionaries are available at the National Book Fair . The bibliophiles comprised of children, youngsters, students, women and old people who moved from one stall to another. They were inquiring about the different books and their writersHowever, the children were seen busy in going through the comics and the various animated CDs. During the exhibition, many animated CDs specially catering for the children were being sold in large numbers.The Times of India group has also put up an impressive stall where books and magazines published by the group are up for display. These include those relating to women, celluloid, current affairs and entertainment.Ramesh Gupta, who was present at the venue along with his children remarked \" It is nice that this book exhibition have been organized in the city for the promotion of the diverse languages. It is necessary that such book exhibitions should be organised frequently so that Allahabad cone again regain its position in the literary field.Many Hindi classic were also in great demand. The famous Hindi classic Madhushala penned by Harivansh Rai Bachhan' along with other books were available at the book exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17381419", "title": "Workshop on micro, medium enterprises", "text": "HUBLI: A workshop on \"Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME): Today and Tomorrow\", with an aim to build a network of people from industry and academia in the current scenario was held at BVB College of Engineering &amp; Technology on Monday.The workshop, organized by the department of Management Studies, provided platform for management and engineering students to interact with micro, small and medium entrepreneurs. Seven local entrepreneurs and 150 students participated in the workshop.Three sessions were focused on how to start small-scale industries, the rules to be followed and the role of industries in economic development. In the second session, resource persons spoke on the role of IT sector in small and medium scale industries and in the third session, topics like energy consumption and ways to use energy efficiently were discussed.M H Bala Subramanya, HOD of the department of management studies, IISC Bangalore, inaugurated the workshop. He said the workshop will help students and industry people to analyze the current scenario of MSME in tier-II cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17381524", "title": "Social outcasts to get legal help soon", "text": "MANGALORE: A legal aid cell with five advocates on board will start functioning in the district to ensure social justice to people living with HIV, transgenders and sex workers soon.Former president of Mangalore Bar Association SP Changappa said at a peer convention organized by Hongirana Network of Positive People here on Monday that the cell will extend help to solve problems of people belonging to these groups. \"There is no specific law that protects HIV positive people, transgenders and sex workers in India. The Union ministry of law and justice had drafted HIV/AIDS Bill in 2007, but the President has not given his assent to it so far. Most of the problems that HIV positive people, transgenders and sex workers face will be solved if the bill is enacted,\" he said.There are several instances of parents abandoning children after they are diagnosed as HIV positive. Some parents even deny property rights to people living with HIV. \"Similarly, transgenders and sex workers too are being treated shabbily in the society. All such inequalities can be eradicated through the proposed bill,\" he added.Changappa said that HIV positive people, transgenders and sex workers may contact the cell, which is a brainchild of him, to avail assistance.As many as 6,255 HIV positive cases have been reported in Dakshina Kannada district between 2007 and 2012. \"While the percentage of HIV positive people in Karnataka is 0.69, in Dakshina Kannada it is very low at 0.3 per cent,\" said zilla panchayat chief executive officer KN Vijayprakash.\"I have instructed officials of all departments to extend scheme benefits to HIV positive people, transgenders and sex workers. We have already distributed loans to start self employment units among HIV positive people. Such people should make use of schemes and turn entrepreneurs,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17379882", "title": "Kolkata and Nagpur tracks should be the same: Dhoni", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite the turning-wicket theory going for a toss and India, instead of England, suffering its aftermath, captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni is very clear and adamant that this is the way it will continue in the remaining two Tests in Kolkata and Nagpur.Dhoni says that, the loss notwithstanding, these are the ideal pitches for the sub-continent that guarantee a result in a Test match and enough excitement to keep the longer format going.\"I will still like to have a typical sub-continental wicket that turns from the first day, it should turn from the first day,\" he said after India's 10-wicket loss to England. \"So the importance of the toss is reduced and whichever team plays better cricket wins the game,\" he added.Dhoni called the Wankhede wicket, a rank turner for which he had fought and had his way, a \"very good one\". \"The ball was turning from the first day itself so that both the teams have equal chances, reducing the impact of toss,\" he said.Indian batsmen failed to handle spin on a turner and their bowlers couldn't make much use of the conditions. Instead, it was England that turned the tables.According to Dhoni, \"the best thing about these conditions is that no side is guaranteed of a win. You have to play well to win.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379805", "title": "Eight cops killed on duty in a year", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nineteen Delhi Police personnel were killed or died an unnatural death between September 2011 and August 2012. Of them, Ram Kishan is the eighth policeman killed while on duty. The reasons for the killings are varied. One constable was mowed down in Bharat Nagar when he tried to chase and stop a gang of cattle thieves. Last month, cops were shot at in northeast Delhi when they intervened in a brawl.On September 11, a constable was killed while another sustained injuries after four men stabbed them in the GB Road area of central Delhi. Constable Yashpal, posted at Mehrauli police station, was shot dead from point-blank range in southwest Delhi on August 23 by gangsters from Haryana.An officer told TOI there are two reasons for the increase in attacks on policemen. \"The spreading gun culture means guns can now be procured easily, and cheaply. Even petty criminals now carry a weapon.'' Sources say criminals also have the advantage of making the first strike. \"We are taught to show restraint in the use of firearms. The criminal, thus, knows he will be the first to draw a gun,'' said an officer.Police are using 'intelligent' picketing as a counter tactic. \"We are now putting up pickets with just two men \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a head constable and a constable. A car full of criminals will be too much to handle for any of us. Instead, surprise pickets with at least seven to 10 armed men will ensure that no criminal can shoot at us at will,'' said a PCR officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17379820", "title": "Task force police arrest businessman", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths have arrested a businessman who stole a friend's four-wheeler to take revenge on him. Police arrested Anil Tiwari, 40, of Gyanbagh Colony in Goshamahal. Till a few years ago, Anil was doing real estate business and motor vehicle recovery business with Suresh of Vijay Nagar colony. Due to financial disputes, they shut the business a year ago and since then Anil was not in talking terms with Suresh.To take revenge on him former business partner, Anil stole Suresh's Innova parked in front of his house at Vijay Nagar colony on March 28. After stealing the vehicle, Anil began using it with a fake registration number. Acting on a tip-off, Task Force police apprehended Anil near Goshamahal stadium while he was driving around in the stolen Innova. On interrogation, Anil confessed to have stolen the vehicle.The arrested person along with the seized vehicle was handed over to the Central Crime Station (CCS) sleuths for further probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17381567", "title": "Cruise season gets under way at New Mangalore Port", "text": "MANGALORE: Cruise season 2012-13 started at New Mangalore Port (NMP) in a big manner on Saturday with two cruise vessels - MV Aida Diva and MV Clipper Odyssey calling on the port. While MV Aida Diva came with a complement of 1,810 passengers and 617 crew, MV Clipper Odyssey came with 60 passengers and 70 crew. Aida Diva, one of the biggest luxury cruise vessels and Clipper Odyssey were on their third voyage to NMP.Out of 1,810 passengers from Germany, around 1,439 passengers opted for ground tour and enjoyed the scenic beauty and visited places such as 1,000 Pillar Jain Temple, at Moodbidri, monolithic statue of Gomateshwara at Karkala, Soans Farm, St Aloysius Chapel, Kadri Temple, Gokarnanatha temple, cashew factory, city shopping etc. M/s Globe Travels, their local ground tour operators took these tourists around.M/s Lia Travels took the 60 tourists of MV Clipper Odyssey around. The tour operators M/s Royal Caribbean International, one of the leading cruise operators of the world, has visited NMP twice last year and had discussion with port chairman.They visited the port area and were very much impressed with facilities available at the cruise lounge, neat and tidy berth area, concretised roads, security arrangements, emigration facility, and so on.The above liner has already prepared their plan for bringing nine more cruise vessels during the financial year. P Tamilvanan, chairman stated that captain of the vessel MV Aida Diva expressed happiness over facilities available at NMP . Two big cruise vessels are expected to call on the port on December 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380164", "title": "Khar trust cries foul over razing of fence", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 200 people protested in Khar on Monday against demolition of a fence of the St Anthony's Institute Sports Academy (SAISA).Last Friday, stating it to be illegal, officials from the Tehsildar office demolished the fence that the SAISA had built to wade away encroachers. SAISA trustees alleged that the officials who were demolishing the fence did not allowing them to take pictures and were chased away by some cops who also tried to snatch away the camera.\"We will take up the issue with the authorities. This is not the way to treat people,\" said Anadini Thakoor, managing trustee of SAISA.Thakoor also said that the authorities are not renewing the academy's lease, even after repeated requests being made to them. Despite several attempts to contact suburban collector Sanjay Deshmukh, he could not be contacted.According to revenue officials, the 381-sq m plot (F513A, F513B) was given to SAISA on lease for 15 years as a playground for the school in 1947. The lease of the academy expired in 1962 and has not been renewed yet.TOI had earlier reported that the suburban collector had issued notice to the academy trustee after finding violations in the lease conditions. According to the notice, the two plots are not being used by any student as St Anthony's School itself has been shut down and that the academy was charging fees for people to use the grounds, which the trustees of the academy had denied vehemently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381880", "title": "Dengue endemic on, but no need to panic: Doctors", "text": "NAGPUR: Dengue has become synonymous with panic with the disease having attained pandemic proportions across the country this year. The changes in our living space and style over the years have increased the chances of vector-borne diseases. However, doctors assure that there is no need for any alarm as the fatality due to the disease is very low and that it is totally curable.As the paediatricians from all over the country converged in the city on the occasion of national conference on infectious diseases organized by the city branch of Indian Academy of Paediatrics, and the infectious diseases chapter of the academy, they discussed several common infections that are ailing the countrymen. There was a separate session on updates on dengue.Senior paediatrician from Surat Dr Digansh Shastri said, \"Dengue is a comparatively new disease in India with the first case detected in 1988. Before that, it was restricted to South East Asian countries. Rapid industrialization and urbanization have increased chances of prevalence of vector-borne diseases with globalization and frequent travelling contributing to it too.\"A majority of the cases of the disease among kids this year were such that the functioning of the patients' hearts were affected, he said. \"The problem with dengue is that there is no specific treatment for it. Even blood or platelet transfusion does not help much as the antigen present in the body will reduce their count continuously,\" he said.\"Several south Asian countries, mainly Thailand and Malaysia , are trying hard to search for a cure of dengue in the form of a vaccine. Intensive research is being carried out in several countries in this regard,\" informed Dr Ashok Kapse, also from Surat. He also said the mortality rate of the disease was a mere 3%, but what makes it scarier is that it affects several vital organs of the patient including brain, heart and kidney.City paediatrician Dr Kuldeep Sukhdeve said that most children were diagnosed with dengue-like fever with lowering of platelet count. \"Confirmation of dengue is done only after laboratory tests are done at government-approved labs. Though it is a viral disease, there is no antiviral or antibiotic or preventable vaccine for dengue,\" he said.He also pointed out that hospitalization is not necessary to manage a person suffering from dengue. \"90% of children with dengue are managed at home. The two main things to keep in mind is to try and reduce the temperature and keeping the child well hydrated. It must be ensured that the child is given a lot of fluids like water, juices and soups continuously with consumption of food being normal. It is only in a few very extreme cases that the need for hospitalization arises,\" he said. These children may develop a complication called multi-organ dysfunction syndrome that can lead to death. \"Scores of dengue deaths in Vidarbha have taken place only because the children were not timely managed,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382225", "title": "Hidco scanner on unutilized plots", "text": "KOLKATA: The Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) has sent notices to 40 companies asking them to furnish reasons as to why they are yet to start construction works on the plots allotted to them at Rajarhat New Town.Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen said they are keeping track of the matter and want full utilization of the plots in Rajarhat. \"We have already sent letters to 40 such firms to give reasons for the delay to start work. We are planning to have a face-to-face meeting soon with the companies to discuss the issue,\" he said.Many plots have already been handed over to private partners in Rajarhat New Town for commercial purpose like schools, colleges, hospitals and other institutes. Hidco has also been working on the process to sell plots through auctions. Some plots have already been sold through auction process after the Mamata Banerjee government was formed.In the highest ever land auction at Rajarhat so far, a 2.5-acre plot for a retail-cum-office complex fetched Rs 51.13 crore, breaking all land selling records in Rajarhat New Town in terms of per acre price. Recently, a 22-cottah plot in Action Area I of Rajarhat was auctioned and it fetched Rs 6.85 crore, which is equal to Rs 18.45 crore per acre. In such a positive situation, authorities want all the sold-out plots to be properly used as soon as possible.Not only in Rajarhat, the government wants all the plots allotted to private partners across the state to be used properly. The urban development department has noticed that many such plots are lying unused. The departmentis making a review of all unutilized plots, handed over to private companies to implement projects through the public-private-partnership (PPP) model, and preparing a detailed list. Notices are also being sent to those who are yet to start construction works on the plots. There are many such plots lying unused in places like Rajarhat, areas falling off EM Bypass and in other township areas within the Kolkata metropolitan area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382169", "title": "Man dies after falling into well", "text": "KOLKATA: An inebriated man fell headlong into a well and died when he was trying to show acrobatics to his wife. His wife held on to his leg, but could not sustain his weight for long. Police and fire brigade managed to rescue him after three hours. He was taken to MR Bangur Hospital where he was declared dead.A 50-year-old man died after he accidentally fell into a well at Haridevpur in south west Kolkata on Monday afternoon. Police, fire brigade and a team of city police's Digester Management Group rushed to spot and after three hours, they could rescue the man from the well. He was taken to MR Bangur hospital, where he was declared dead.Police and fire officials said that initially locals tried to rescue the man and when they failed to succeed, police and fire brigade was informed. The location of victim's house was also in remote part of Haridevpur police station area. \" We were informed late and due to poor road condition we could reached late,\" said a DMG official.Police said Paresh Patra, the victim stays at a village - around 2.5 kms - from Giyadargot near Julpia of Haridevpur. He was a driver of technician studio and was a habitual drunker. On Monday afternoon, around 1.30 pm, he returned home in inebriated state. \"He was heavily drunk and his wife took him near the well to bathe him. There he suddenly tried to show acrobatics and loosing balance he fell into the well keeping his head down,\" said an investigator from Haridevpur police station.Noticing him to get into the well, victim's wife tried to hold him. She even held one leg of patra on the edge of the well. She cried for help but could not hold him till others reach to rescue Patra. Police said that the ring walls around the well is knee height and as the most of the portion went into the well, his wife could not hold him for long.Soon locals rushed to the spot and tried to rescue the man. But as the victim was inebriated, he hardly responded the rescue effort and started drowning. Police was informed. Fire officials rushed and DMG members also joined them. But when they reached, by then the victim completely sank in the well. Initially DMG jawans tried to get down and rescue. But the well was around 40 feet deep and DMG members failed to get him. Later fire official and DMG pumped out water and took out the man. But by then, he was unconscious and when he was taken to hospital, he was declared dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17383559", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan does a DDLJ again", "text": "For Rohit Shetty's Chennai Express, he shot a train sequence with Deepika in Goa that was reminiscent of the iconic sceneRohit Shetty's Goa obsession is apparent in all his films - be it the Golmaal series, Bol Bachchan or Singham. And it comes as no surprise that for his next Chennai Express , the filmmaker has decided on Goa as his locale of choice.Interestingly, the scene that the crew has been busy shooting over the weekend involves lead actor Shah Rukh Khan helping his on-screen ladylove Deepika Padukone on to the train waiting at Vasco platform number 2. And according to eyewitnesses, it reminds one of a similar scene (albeit in a platform in London and later Punjab) in Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge .And that's not all. For Rohit's film, the platform in Vasco junction has been transformed to Kalyan station. Earlier, Shah Rukh had shot at CST. The sequence shot a month back involved the lead actor starting off his Chennai Express journey with blessings from an old woman.\"Shah Rukh Khan has been shooting at the Vasco junction since Saturday,\" said a source close to the film, adding, \"Platform number 2 has been cordoned off and the shoot is taking place there. A train has also been hired. This is Deepika's first outdoor shoot for the film.\"However, when asked about the similarity of the scene to the iconic DDLJ sequence, the source claimed, \"There is a resemblance, yes. But it's not an attempt to recreate the scene. This happens to be an important part of the sequence of events.\"Incidentally, Deepika's look in the film is strictly south Indian . \"She is sporting a half saree and two long plaits. SRK on the other hand has a very casual wardrobe in the film,\" said the source.Apparently, from Vasco, the crew will now head towards the Dudhsagar waterfalls for the next schedule. When contacted, Rohit confirmed the story.The film is a co-produced by UTV Motion Pictures and Red Chillies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17381372", "title": "Varanasi, Bhadohi calm after clashes", "text": "VARANASI: Varanasi and Bhadohi districts, which witnessed violence and clashes during tazia processions on Sunday, remained calm on Monday.In Bhadohi district, people of two communities clashed in Baropur Gopla locality. They indulged in brick batting and firing. Several persons including Samajwadi Party MLA Jahid Zamal Beg and some police personnel were injured in brick batting. The mob also damaged vehicles. Senior police officials, including IG GL Meena rushed to Bhadohi. SP leader Pannalal was arrested in this connection.Laat Saraiyya area of Varanasi also witnessed clash between two sects on Sunday. The police officials had to toil hard to bring the situation under control.Heavy police force was deployed in the affected areas in the two districts. On Monday some people started throwing stones at Kashi Vishwanath Express in Bhadohi. SP Bhadohi AK Shukla told TOI over phone that the situation was under control. The meeting of peace committee was held to build confidence among the people. DIG Varanasi range A Satish Ganesh claimed that the situation was calm and under control in Varanasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17380822", "title": "New IT park soon at Sinhasa", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh government is coming up with yet another IT park. Coming up exclusively for the companies that had signed MoUs during the recently held Global Investors Meet, the new IT park will be situated at Sinhasa village in Indore on Dhar road.Though the new IT park will not be a SEZ, companies will get all benefits under the new IT policy of state. Indore already has one IT Park known as Crystal IT Park.\"Work for the new IT park has already started,\" said IT secretary of Madhya Pradesh Hariranjan Rao here on Monday. He said that the companies will get all other benefits accept export benefits offered under SEZ.The park will be mainly for small and medium size IT companies. AKVN has invited tenders worth Rs 18 crore for construction of the road connecting Dhar Road and Airport.It will connect the proposed IT Park with the airport and the Super Corridor.Rao further said that during the investors meet, 47 MoUs were signed for IT sector out of which 33 MoUs were for Indore.Most of the companies that have signed MoUs are Indore-based with presence in other cities and want to expand their operations in Indore. \"We are trying to develop infrastructure for big, medium and small IT companies. Big companies have been allotted land and they will develop it on their own. The IT Park will be for medium and small companies,\" said Rao.The IT secretary said that on Monday, he held a meeting with officials of TCS, Infosys, Impetus as well as Indore Development Authority , Indore Municipal Corporation, police, electricity department, collectorate, town and country planning department and other departments concerned for the proposed growth of IT sector in the city. Official of TCS and Infosys inquired about the getting power, water and getting building permission at Super Corridor, where they have been allotted land.Their queries were satisfied by the officials ofIndore Development Authority and Indore Municipal Corporation. Rao said that office of the SEZ has been established as nodal agency for offering approvals to IT companies.A nodal officer of the Income Tax department will be in Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17379685", "title": "Brave watchman saves four lives before dying", "text": "HYDERABAD: Without thinking twice, D Bhaskar Rao took the elevator up the five-storied building to remove gas cylinders inside one of the flats that was getting engulfed in the flames. The 50-year-old watchman saved four lives but got trapped in the lift and was burnt alive after someone switched off power to prevent a possible explosion.With the death of the sole breadwinner, his wife, two daughters and son stare at an uncertain future. \"I did not know where he was but I could hear him yell out asking people to move up to the terrace. While my mother-in-law and I escaped the flames by crossing over to the other building using a ladder, we did not know that he was trapped in the elevator,\" said a wailing Durga Devi, Rao's daughter-in-law.Rao was not to be found till about 2 am on Monday after which firefighters brought out his body from the elevator. Rao, who stayed with his family in the car parking area of GNR's RK Residency, had been working as a security guard for the past four years in the apartment. He moved in with his family from East Godavari district about five years ago.Wailing inconsolably was his younger daughter Shantakumari, whose husband had passed away a few months ago in a road accident. \"My son would miss his grandfather when he gets home everyday,\" she said barely managing to speak.When the fire broke out at around 8.30pm on Sunday, Rao was called for help as the flames spread to portions of the ground floor, where two flats -- G1 and G2 -- were located. While residents of G2 rushed out and tried to pump water from the borewell to douse the raging flames, Rao ran to the first and second floors alerting the residents and rescued four persons, witnesses said.However, after the third time he went up the apartment at the insistence of K Murthy, a resident who wanted him to remove gas connection, Rao failed to make it back to the ground floor.While the elevator was working even in the midst of fire, some residents turned off the power fearing a blast. As the power switched off, Rao was trapped between the first and second floors. He was heard shouting out from the apartment asking people to climb up to the terrace and save their lives minutes earlier.Residents of the apartment stated that Rao had performed his duties till the very end and they were indebted to him for helping them during the panic. \"It's like losing one of the family members. We were all close to Rao's family as he resided here. If he were not there casualties could have been more,\" said T Kushal, resident of G2 flat.The residents demanded that the government announce Rs 5 lakh as ex gratia to Rao's family. Local MLA Prakash Goud has promised to do his bit to get the compensation. \"The family needs the help and it would be a fitting tribute to Rao,\" said T Jagdeesh, owner of one of the flats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17381384", "title": "Garbage bins create a stink in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Placing garbage containers near residential and market areas has become a headache for the Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC).Residents and shop owners in commercial areas have been raising a stink over HDMC's move. The corporation has moved some of these containers to footpaths, forcing pedestrians to walk on the road. Shailaja Pattar, homemaker, and resident of Keshwapur says: \"Garbage containers are not cleared every day. It stinks and that is why we are opposing the move.\"The corporation has placed the containers on the footpath in Neeligan Road, Vidyanagar Road, Cotton Market, Old Hubli, Keshwapur Road, Victoria Road, Dajibaanpet and other areas.People in Vidyanagar, Deshapandenagar, Gokul, Dollars Colony, Vijaynagar, Askhay Colony, Keshwapur have told the HDMC in no uncertain terms that they do not want stinky containers in their areas. Residents claim that it is impossible to keep windows and doors open or even walk in the area because of the nauseating stench from these bins.\"Keep the containers, but then the corporation should clean them regularly so that they do not overflow and stink,\" reasons Sunita Patil, homemaker, Dajibanpeth.\"Or let them place it far away from residential areas. We don't mind walking some distance to dump the garbage,\" she adds.This problem is not confined to only residential areas, but also commercial areas. A shop owner on Victoria Road says that civic workers clean the container once a day. But by evening, they are overflowing once again. \"The stink is deterring shoppers. Our customers complain that they can't stand the stink,\" he adds.HDMC does not have its own property to keep containers, so it places them on private land, or nearby houses or shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17381433", "title": "Youth Congress extends helping hand", "text": "HUBLI: Members of Youth Congress on Tuesday started 'Helping Hand Week' campaign in front of the tahsildar's office. Nagaraj Gouri, vice president of Youth Congress, alleged that the 'corrupt' BJP government's focus is only to sustain power and the leaders have little time to address people's problems.\"At many government offices, works are pending. The poor are denied of proper services and required facilities. The facilities like widow pension, old age pension, physically challenged people's pension, birth and death certificates are not issued on time to beneficiaries. This campaign is aimed at helping them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380101", "title": "Gujarat fake encounter accused to move to Taloja jail?", "text": "MUMBAI: The superintendent of Arthur Road jail told the magistrate court on Monday that due to security reasons, it could not keep the 11 accused in the 2005 Sohrabuddin Shaikh alleged fake encounter case. The court has now directed Taloja jail authorities to file a report on its security status on December 3.The case was transferred from Gujarat to Mumbai following an apex court order. The nine accused brought from Gujarat to Mumbai last week are currently at Taloja jail. They have been sent to judicial custody till December 7. The court had directed the authorities to file a report after the Gujarat police requested to retain custody of police officers and others accused in custody in the case.During Friday's hearing, the Gujarat government filed an affidavit in court seeking issuance of production warrants against accused IPS officers D G Vanzara, Abhay Chudasama, M N Dinesh and R K Pandian. Attached was a correspondence in which Gujarat home department claimed it had received information that a group of SIMI activists in Arthur Road jail had been paid to attack the accused. The Gujarat police suggested video conferencing as an option for the court while conducting the trial.Sohrabuddin and his wife Kauser Biwere allegedly abducted by Gujarat ATS from Hyderabad and killed in a fake encounter near Gandhinagar in November 2005. Ex-Gujarat minister Amit Shah , a close aide of CM Narendra Modi , was arrested by CBI on July 25, 2010 and had spent over three months in Sabarmati jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381853", "title": "Pandav students don't exist on our records: Maharashtra University of Health Sciences", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) has said that 48 students of Shri KR Pandav Ayurved College, run by Sanmarg Shikshan Santha near Dighori octroi post, do not exist on its records. A day after TOI highlighted how the students were defrauded by the college management and kept in the dark about their batch not being recognized, even MUHS has dissociated itself from them.The university passed the buck to Pandav and other colleges for granting illegal admissions despite being prohibited by AYUSH (central government's Department of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy) and Central Council of Indian Medicine (CCIM).Vice chancellor Arun Jamkar categorically told TOI from Nashik that these 48 students didn't belong to them. \"We've nothing to do with students admitted illegally by colleges despite clear ban by AYUSH and CCIM. We haven't offered them enrolment numbers, so they don't exist on our records,\" he said.He added that the apex bodies of AYUSH and CCIM had banned many such colleges all over India from last year for various deficiencies, particularly infrastructure, facilities and teachers. \"In Maharashtra, 11 such colleges were banned including three in Vidarbha. They had failed to improve on the deficiencies despite several reminders. Even the high court had granted an interim stay for a short period, but clearly mentioned that it will have no affect on admissions. However, these colleges had taken undue advantage and admitted students, knowing well that the admissions were illegal,\" Dr Jamkar claimed.Shri HVP Mandal's Vidarbha Ayurved Mahavidyalaya at Amravati, and Ayurved College at Risod are the other two colleges in Vidarbha denied permission to operate by the apex bodies.The VC blamed the students for taking admission in such colleges despite being fully aware of the facts. \"Why don't they take care while taking admission, instead of being lured by hollow promises. The students should take the erring colleges to court for giving illegal admissions and recover their money from them. MUHS has absolutely nothing to do with them.\"On MUHS's failure to take action against such colleges, Dr Jamkar said that they had shifted students from one such ayurvedic college in Karanja Lad to another. \"We can't take suo motu action. The students should lodge a complaint against the college with us and even with AYUSH and CCIM. They should even file a petition in the high court against the management. Else, how do we know the college had granted them illegal admissions?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17381345", "title": "Army recruitment rally in Ghazipur likely in January", "text": "VARANASI: Finally the recruitment board of Indian army has generated hopes for the aspirants of east UP region. The Army recruitment rally for the six districts of east UP would take in Ghazipur in the last week of January, 2013.Deputy director general, recruitment group (UP and Uttarakhand) Brigadier SS Dhankhar told reporters on Monday that fresh recruitment rallies have been started in the state. The recruitment rallies of Uttarakhand had been completed. Two rallies have been conducted in Agra and Etawah. After conducting rallies in more regions like at Meerut and Faizabad, the recruitment rally of this region would take place at Ghazipur either by the end of January or in the first week of February 2013.The recruitment group (UP and Uttarakhand) has a contribution of 17.5 per cent in the total recruitments in Indian Army. He said that there are 10,000 vacancies for which the recruitment rallies have been started in the state. The vacancies, which lapsed due to cancellation of recruitment rallies in last cycle of recruitment process, have also been included in the current drive.He said that chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and officials of state government had convened a meeting in which assurance was given to extend support for holding such rallies. In the Etawah rally, over 50,000 aspirants participated.He cautioned the aspirants and their parents not to get influenced by any person, who assures to mediate for ensuring recruitment. He said that the intelligence wing of Army is also keeping eye on such elements. He said that during proposed recruitment rally at Ghazipur, candidates from Azamgarh, Jaunpur, Ballia, Ghazipur, Sonebhadra and Mirzapur would take part. Another rally would be held after March, when youth from Chandauli, Bhadohi, Mau, Gorakhpur, Deoria and Varanasi would get an opportunity to participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17380496", "title": "Curfew relaxed in Sirsa", "text": "SIRSA: As normalcy returned, curfew was relaxed in Sirsa on Monday, two days after seven persons were injured in clash between Dera Sacha Sauda followers and Sikhs.The curfew was relaxed for 12 hours, from 6am to 6pm, and a flag march taken out in the town by security forces. Government and private transport services also resumed on Monday. While bus service was allowed till 6pm, educational institutions remained closed.Police IG Arshinder Singh Chawla said that the situation was under control and that's why the curfew was lifted. \"Heavy police deployment and five companies of Rapid Action Force (RAF) are keeping a strict vigil,\" he said. Chawla said that all the arrangements have also been made for the nagar kirtan procession to be taken out on Tuesday, ahead of Gurpurab on November 28.On Saturday, Dera followers and Sikhs had clashed in the town and police on Sunday had booked 2,000 Dera men under various charges including attempt to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17382018", "title": "Kuchai silk heads to Latin America", "text": "RANCHI: The organic silk of Jharkhand, Kuchai, popular mainly in Asian countries so far has now reached Latin America.In less than 10 years, the cocoon for Kuchai silk, grown on Sal and Arjun trees, unlike the mulberry bushes has seen a soar in its popularity. In fact, the demand is so high that the business supports 1.25 lakh families, mainly tribals, in the state. Those engaged in cocoon cultivation are mainly from Santhal, Munda, Oraon, Ho, Bhumij, Mahli, Lohra or Karmali tribes.The brainchild of chief minister Arjun Munda who launched the project during his second tenure, this has transformed the lives of those who were leading a life of obscurity. \"For instance, a family which was somehow pulling on is now earning enough to lead a normal life,\" said an official of the industry department.What is truly remarkable is the joint effort of the state and villagers which has transformed lives in Maoist-hit areas as well. Places like Kuchai, known for under development, have become a model for other places, the official said.Tapan Munda, a beneficiary of silk cultivation, said life has changed for the better. \"Till 2006, I had no savings. Whatever little I earned would be spent. Today I manage to save around 10% of my earnings and can even support the education of my two children,\" said Munda. A family engaged in the production of Kuchai Silk or manufacturing of different products, including garments, can earn at least Rs 5,000-6,000 a month.\"An experiment which started on a small scale has become a giant industry and it is growing every day,\" said Dhirendra Kumar, managing director of Jharkhand Silk Textile and Handicraft Corporation Limited (Jharcraft). The villagers of the state have achieved what seemed impossible at one point, he added.Kumar said, \"Against the production target of 1200 tonne this year, the production is likely to be around 1500 tonne. We are happy that our silk products, the orders for which were being placed by Asian countries including China, Malaysia and Dubai , is for the first time getting queries from Latin America. We expect to seal the deal with an Argentinean company soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17382089", "title": "Biz body keeps eye on prices", "text": "RANCHI: The member of Competition Commission of India, R Prasad, interacted with members of the Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries here on Monday.During the interaction, which lasted an hour, Prasad informed the members about the work of the commission and the Competition Act of 2002. \"Owing to various reasons, there was a delay of around seven years in implementation of the act. Since 2009, we have disposed around 200 cases,\" said Prasad.\"We are also keeping a watch on rising prices of essential commodities and on public sector undertakings like Coal India , Indian Railways and oil companies. If needed, the commission will take action against them to control the prices of essential commodities,\" he added.President of FJCCI Ranjeet Tibrewal expressed his gratitude towards Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17383777", "title": "Chastain didn't want 'The Help' role initially", "text": "Actress Jessica Chastain says she had initially decided not to audition for \"The Help\", which ultimately won her a Golden Globe award for best supporting actress.Chastain says she first wanted to turn down the audition as she didn't feel like flying cross-country for a screen test, reports dailystar.co.uk.The 35-year-old had already met the movie's casting directors several times for the part of naive housewife Celia Foote when she went to Lousiana to begin shooting indie film \"Texas Killing Fields\".But when she was called back again and asked to fly to Hollywood for another meeting, the actress says she was hardly interested and almost rejected the offer.In an interview to Marie Claire, she said: \"It (the auditioning process) had been stretched out for so long, and I thought it was because I wasn't the right look, you know? I didn't look like Celia Foote, so I remember there was a moment when I was like, 'I'm not going to go. They clearly don't want me for this part. It's my day off. I shoot all night, so I can't fly to L.A. and then fly back, I just can't do it.' But I was talked into going.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17381304", "title": "Four poachers held from Panna Reserve", "text": "BHOPAL: Four poachers were arrested from within the Panna Tiger Reserve (PTR) with 61 crude grenades and other hunting tools by the forest officers during a search operation on Monday.The accused -- Lalab Singh, Gilat Singh, Mithun Singh and Rama Nan, all belonging to a nomadic community - were arrested from Patha village in PTR following a specific intelligence input, said sources. Three of them were arrested earlier in other poaching cases earlier also. They have been arrested and sent to jail on charges of trespass and possession of explosives, PTR field director R S Murti told TOI. Success of this operation was because of our strengthened field intelligence and preventive strategy, he said.Prima facie it seems that they were trying to hunt wild boars, he said adding they use cocooning crude bombs. Wild boars often got attracted by the stench and the device explodes when they attempted to chew on it. Their meat fetches good money in the market during the tourist season, said sources.Crude bombs can prove lethal to any wild animal including a tiger, if it chews it.On Saturday, a cow got into the booby trap. \"It has suffered a major injury with the impact of blast. As the incident took place outside the park in North Panna area, the case was referred to local police for further investigation. One person was also detained and handed over to police in this connection, said PTR officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17382091", "title": "Govt counts on NGO to develop sports", "text": "RANCHI: Deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato on Monday announced to launch the services of Magic Bus India Foundation, a Mumbai-based NGO working for promotion of sports, in the state from December 20.Participating in the third summit organized jointly by the Magic Bus India Foundation; Sports Commission of the Australian government and Plan India here on Monday, Mahto said the state government had already invested around Rs 1,000 crore in creating a sports infrastructure for the National Games which would be used effectively for a sports university \"I see an alignment in the plans for Jharkhand and the kind of work Magic Bus India does across the country and welcome them to begin contributing here along with the government of Jharkhand as early as December 20 this year,\" he said.The third summit is being organized in Ranchi with an aim to promote sports activity in smaller cities. More than 200 practitioners, policymakers and individuals from 140 countries are attending the meet on sports to share their ideas and how sports helped them bring changes in the society towards better living.Speaking at the meet, Dame Tessa Jowell, member of Parliament, United Kingdom, said \"Sports is a fantastic vehicle to bring about development, the impact needs to be more systematically documented for policymakers and the government to realize that money spent here is money well spent.\"Sanjiv Paul of Tata Steel shared the experiences of the steel major. \"Tatas have a long-standing commitment to sports and playgrounds. The company has already contributed around Rs 150 crore for development of sports infrastructure in Jharkhand and believes that there is a need for centers of excellence to nurture talent across the county,\" he said.Speaking about the objective of maiden summit, Australian Sports Outreach Programme coordinator Vivek Ramchandani said there was a need to pull the stakeholders together so that sports could be used as a cost effective and result oriented tool for development of the underprivileged society.Media officer of the foundation Yuveka Singh said the foundation was working as state partners in Delhi, Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Odisha and has initiated its activities in Bihar as well. at Silli village of Ranchi district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380773", "title": "Excavator knocks down corporation supervisor", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman sanitary supervisor was knocked down by an excavator when the driver suddenly backed up at Basin Bridge on Monday morning.Police identified the sanitary supervisor as Rajammal, 45. She was overseeing clearance of garbage when the accident took place.According to sources in the corporation, Rajammal had recently been promoted to the post of sanitary supervisor.A police officer said the corporation had hired the excavator from a private company to level garbage piles move solid waste.\"The driver, S Pradeep, 27, did not notice that Rajammal was standing behind the excavator and there was no one to signal if the way was clear as he backed up,\" the officer said. \"He put the vehicle in reverse gear and it knocked down the woman.\"Rajammal suffered grievous injuries and was bleeding profusely when other corporation employees rushed her to Stanley Medical College and Hospital. Doctors there declared her dead on arrival.The Basic Bridge police registered a case under IPC section 304 A (causing death by negligence) and arrested Pradeep, of Kanyakumari. Pradeep stayed in a rented room near Ripon Buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380224", "title": "Mumbai kids take off on a space odyssey", "text": "MUMBAI: On Monday, more than 500 school students embarked on a flight to discover new planets even as they were seated in the auditorium at Worli's Nehru Science Centre. The journey, which triggered excitement among the young travellers, was commanded by Natalie Batalha, co-investigator of Nasa's planet-hunting, $550-million Kepler mission, which was launched on March 6,2009. Batalha made a presentation titled, \"Beyond The Cradle: Kepler's Search for New World\" at the Science Centre. She is also a professor of physics and astronomy at San Jose State University .Science centre curator Umesh Kumar Rustagi kicked off the programme with an apology. \"Our seating capacity is 250, but the response to this programme has gone beyond our expectations,'' Rustagi said. The auditorium overflowed with students who were crammed into every bit of space available: from the seats, to the aisles. Batalha started the journey by telling students about the Kepler mission, which was to look for planets in the habitable zone. \"There are 400 billion stars in just one part of the galaxy. We have selected 1,50,000 and are assessing their brightness. In the last one year, the Kepler mission has found 2,321 planets. So far, none of them seem earth-like but further data analysis is in progress,'' she said.She added that Kepler had found planets in the multiple star systems. \"These planets have two sunrises and two sunsets,'' Batalha told students during the lively interactive session.The hour-long presentation left a deep impact on the students and triggered a spate of questions on the nature of the mission, the choice of 1,50,000 stars for assessment and why Nasa was searching for planets, to begin with. Random interviews with students revealed that the \"flight\" had inspired them to study space sciences and technology. Batalha, herself, was besieged by young, zealous, autograph hunters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380121", "title": "HC refuses to review ban on bullock races", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday refused to review its March 2012 ruling that banned bullock cart races in Maharashtra.A bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice RV More held that merely because an under secretary of the state now supports a review petition, there is no reason why the ban ought to be relaxed to permit castrated bulls to be exhibited and made to participate in the \"sport\".On a petition filed by one Gargi Gogai that questioned the cruel practice of bull races in Sangli district, the HC had in March quashed and held as unconstitutional a September 2011 notification that carved a distinction between castrated and uncastrated bullocks. The notification had amended an earlierAugust 2011 state notification which had banned racing or sporting events involving bulls. The state's ban was based on a July 2011 Central government decision to ban exhibition or races or training as performing animals of bears, monkeys, tigers, panthers, lions and bulls.Hence, when the state sought to rope in castrated bulls in the races popular in interior Maharashtra with the argument that castration was not cruel even under the law meant to prevent cruelty to animals, the Chief Justice held the plea to be \"misconceived\". He said the Act only said that castration, if done properly as prescribed, would not be an offence but that gave the state no authority to allow such bulls to race.On Monday, the HC dismissed the review petition saying the Centre's decision was aimed at preventing a person from subjecting animals, including bullocks, beating, kicking, over-riding, over-driving, overloading, torturing or otherwise treating animals, including all any types of bulls,to unnecessary pain.The HC had also earlier directed the state to consider raising the fine fees for cruelty to animals and even jailing offenders. Related matters will be heard on February 18, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380390", "title": "Court raps bank for bid to \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcextort\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 money from woman customer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Refusing to tolerate \"misuse of the criminal justice system to extort money from consumers\", a trial court has directed an international bank to pay a compensation of Rs 10,000 to a woman for mentally harassing her by filing a frivolous complaint.Metropolitan magistrate Abhilash Malhotra directed the bank to compensate Alka Thakur, a resident of Dwarka in west Delhi, after it failed to prove she had not paid part of a settlement against a loan.\"A criminal litigation stakes the liberty of an individual and the allegation in the complaint needs to be well-founded and real. Misuse of criminal justice system to harass, coerce and extort money from genuine consumers cannot be tolerated at all,\" the court said while holding that the complaint by the bank against the woman was made \"without any reasonable ground\".The court's order came on the complaint filed by the bank against Thakur alleging that she had defaulted on paying the loan and a settlement had been reached with her. Thakur had allegedly paid only Rs 67,735 against the settlement amount of Rs 83,234.\"It is stated that the accused has made a short payment of Rs 15,499 and has breached the terms and conditions of the settlement,\" the bank alleged.Thakur, on the other hand, said she had made the payment to a collection agency of the bank and submitted the receipt of the payment.While the bank denied any connection to the agency and claimed the receipt was fake, the court noted that it could not prove that the agency was not authorized by it.\"It is also not understood why a person who has made payment of Rs 67,735 as per the settlement will stop the remaining payment of Rs15,500 only and suffer litigation for a paltry Rs 5,545,\" Malhotra said.\"A complainant who comes to court with unclean hands and misuses the judicial process causing harassment to genuine consumers or individuals does not deserve any clemency,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17381544", "title": "Desecration of holy place: Six booked", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police booked six persons for allegedly desecrating a holy place and stealing stones of religious importance from the site.On being alerted, police arrested Ashok Naik, 51, of Borim-Ponda. Naik was the driver of the rickshaw in which the accused were carrying the stones. The six persons who were carrying away the stones and other material managed to flee from the scene, police said. They have also seized the rickshaw used in the offence.Police acted on a complaint lodged by the security supervisor, Yoganand Naik, a resident of Cuncoliem, stating that he had found six persons desecrating the holy place by throwing down the 'Divja Fator' (religious lamp monument) and stealing the 'Satisheela' (monuments dedicated to 'Satis' - women who burnt themselves alive on the pyre with their dead husbands) and 'Gudis' (flags), 'divine peacock feathers' etc on Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17379358", "title": "Starlet assault case: Auto driver, aide 'merely' wanted to fleece Neelam Singh", "text": "MUMBAI: The autorickshaw driver and his aide, arrested for assaulting starlet Neelam Singh, have told the police they intended to knock out a large sum of money from her by driving her around the fringes of the city for long. Neelam (21) boarded the auto at Lokmanya Tilak Terminus after returning from a trip to Jhansi on Saturday. The accused panicked when she began to ask them questions about the route and one of them tried to throttle her.\"The auto driver has been identified as Anil Sharma (30) and his friend as Satish Singh (27). Sharma said he wasn't well-versed with the route to Andheri from LTT. Satish volunteered to accompany him, claiming to know the route perfectly. He shared the driver's seat with Sharma, which is illegal,\" said an officer from the Tilak Nagar police station. Sharma first steered the vehicle to Thane and then to Mira Road via Ghodbunder Road. By then, Neelam figured out that she was being driven along a longwinded route on purpose.After Neelam lodged a complaint against the duo, the police began questioning autorickshaw drivers at LTT. Auto drivers work in batches, some during the day and others at night. Neelam had noted down four digits from the number plate of Sharma's auto. The police rounded up all drivers whose vehicle number plates had the digits that Neelam wrote down. They then found an acquaintance of Sharma who told them the vehicle was from Bhandup. He gave them Sharma's address and phone number. Posing as drivers, policemen called up Sharma, who boasted of the assault on the starlet. Sharma was picked up from his residence while he was asleep on Saturday.Neelam told TOI she had lost faith in the emergency helpline 100. \"After a group of fishermen came to my rescue, I dialled 100, but the cops who took my call merely told me to go to the nearest police station. I decided to head home to Andheri and later phoned the police control room. A policewoman answered and heard me out. But instead of helping, she asked why I had waited so long to inform the control room. I was stunned. What would any woman in my situation be expected to do?\" Neelam said. \"The emergency helpline and police control room are supposed to be custodians of our safety. But how can we rely on them if their personnel have such a callous attitude. I feel women are just not safe in Mumbai anymore.\"A metropolitan court has remanded Sharma and his friend in police custody till Tuesday. Sharma is a Bhandup resident, while his friend resides in Govandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380722", "title": "Aircraft's tyre bursts while taxiing", "text": "CHENNAI: Around 125 passengers on board a Muscat-Chennai Oman Air flight had an escape after nose wheel of the aircraft burst while taxiing after landing at Chennai airport on Monday. Nobody was injured in the incident. The aircraft was later towed to the parking bay.Airport sources said that the flight landed at 6.30am and was taxiing near cargo terminal when a tyre burst and the aircraft was halted. The pilot informed the air traffic control about the incident. Controllers closed the taxi way and alerted the apron from where a pushback vehicle was brought and the aircraft was towed to the parking bay.Passengers were disembarked using ladder staircase. Aircraft usually taxi at less than 20 knots. A nose wheel burst will cause a serious risk if it happens during landing or take off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17380992", "title": "Shiv Sena to demand Thackeray memorial in civic body", "text": "NASHIK: City unit of the Shiv Sena will put forth a proposal in the general body meeting (GBM) of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to sanction the construction of a memorial for the late Sena chief, Bal Thackeray.Shiv Sainiks said that a memorial should be constructed as a tribute to 'the icon of the Marathi people.' \"We are not demanding a statue, but a memorial in the real sense which will convey his overall persona,\" said group leader of Shiv Sena in the NMC, Ajay Boraste.Elaborating about the plans, he said that the memorial would include an art gallery, the Sena supremo's speeches, his cartoons, his life in photographs and an art school. \"He was not just a political figure but an artist par excellence. All these need to be projected in the memorial,\" said Boraste. \"We will be putting forth our demand in tomorrow's GBM,\" he said.He said that the party has two places in their minds that would be apt for the purpose - one beside Chopada Hospital on Gangapur Road and one in Tilakwadi. \"The place beside Chopada Hospital is reserved for architectural work and the one in Tilakwadi is reserved for an art school,\" said Boraste.Shiv Sena corporator Vandana Birari said that once the memorial is constructed Shiv Sainiks will selfless to its maintenance. It will not meet the fate of other memorials in the city, she assured. \"We will willingly be the caretakers,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17381810", "title": "His world crumbling, Sachin Tendulkar sticks to the drill", "text": "MUMBAI: In India's second innings on Sunday, a hush enveloped the Wankhede at around 3.15 pm when Sachin Tendulkar misjudged a fuller-length delivery from England left-arm-spinner Monty Panesar , went back and was trapped leg-before for eight. It was the exact same score on which he had been dismissed in the first innings by the same bowler.The manner of his dismissals and the run of poor scores have again raised questions on whether Tendulkar, clearly past his prime, should retire.Sunil Gavaskar, who first set tongues wagging while analysing Tendulkar's tendency to get bowled in the home series against New Zealand, caused uproar when he told a TV channel on Sunday that it was time the 39-year-old legend discussed his plans with selectors.It seemed a subtle way of telling him that the end was near. Tendulkar, though, seems unperturbed by all the talk around him. A good night's sleep and a blank mind seemingly helped him to get into a cocoon as he walked out for batting practice on Sunday.While the other players just went through their regular fielding drills and other fitness related activities, Tendulkar skipped all that and summoned India's best spinner in this match, Pragyan Ojha , to bowl at him.For a good half an hour, Tendulkar instructed him to bowl at a particular spot (just short of driving length) and at a particular speed. Ojha did as ordered by his Mumbai Indians teammate.The left-arm spinner tried out all his variations at the batsman, who tried to perfect his defence. When the ball was pitched on a length, Tendulkar tried to work on his backfoot play. It was seemed quite intense.Tendulkar even got coach Duncan Fletcher to go behind the nets and analyse his technique. Having noted a few points, the coach and the ward spoke animatedly.Clearly, the manner of his dismissals at his home ground has hurt him and he is doing everything he can to fix it. While Tendulkar may not be having the reflexes of old and may be picking the ball up a bit late, one cannot doubt his enthusiasm and willingness to train.Those wishing that he will retire in the middle of the series are mistaken. The message is clear. He won't retire now. Not like this. The greats choose their moment to go. Maybe, Tendulkar's farewell ought to be a touch sweeter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17380734", "title": "India, China gang up against non-committal rich nations in Doha climate talks", "text": "DOHA: On the first day of climate change talks here, India joined hands with China and other developing countries, including the small island states and the least developed countries (LDCs), to put rich countries on the mat for their lack of appetite to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The influential green NGOs too joined in to demand greater commitment from the developed world.The like-minded developing countries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a new formation of 15-20 nations anchored by India and China \u00e2\u20ac\u201d said, \"Our work in Doha must ensure that Annex I parties (developed countries that are part of Kyoto Protocol) take on ambitious and legally binding mitigation commitments under the Kyoto Protocol.\" They linked the emission reduction obligations that developed countries such as the European Union (EU) take under the protocol to future of the new post-2020 global regime slated to be negotiated by 2015.The BASIC group \u00e2\u20ac\u201d India, China, Brazil and South Africa \u00e2\u20ac\u201d spoke in one voice, \"We strongly believe that the Kyoto Protocol remains the key component and cornerstone of the international climate regime and that the adoption of its second commitment period through a ratifiable amendment implemented from January 1, 2013, is the most important priority and the key deliverable for Doha.\"Too often in the previous couple of years the small island developing countries and LDCs have cozied up to the EU. But they too mounted pressure on the developed world to do more.\"The commitments proposed by those parties ready to join a second commitment period are roughly consistent with an aggregate 20% reduction below 1990 levels by 2020. So this ambition must be urgently increased, and the time for this increase is here in Doha,\" said the Association of Small Island States at the launch of Doha talks.The US came under attack by Gambia, who spoke on behalf of the LDCs, with the African nation singling out the biggest historical emitter. \"We also hope that the year with a monster storm and scorching heat waves, as well as the re-elected leadership will lead the US to be more active and will no longer be a disinterested bystander in this process,\" Gambia hit out in a rare outburst of nations singling out others by name in such international diplomatic wars.The green NGOs chimed in. The Climate Action Network, one of the largest grouping of climate NGOs, said, \"Not only should developed countries sign on to second commitment period of the world's only legally binding climate treaty, the Kyoto Protocol, but for the nations involved to increase their emission reductions within the treaty and to close the loopholes that existed within it which would let 30 billion tonnes of carbon escape into the atmosphere.\"Third World Network (TWN), an influential southern voice in the civil society, also linked the appetite EU and other developed countries show to take action to the future of the new global deal. \"Whether Doha will result in an ambitious and legally binding Kyoto Protocol-2 remains to be seen and expectations are not very optimistic. An un-ambitious and weak outcome under the Kyoto Protocol will indeed have ramifications for the work of (the other tracks of negotiations),\" said TWN.Even as the US refused pointblank here to increase its emission reduction targets the EU fudged its way, linking higher obligations to yet more action by the developing world and partly suggesting economic realities could shape the decisions. \"We are ready to step up our ambition from 20 to 30 per cent if the other major economies will also move up to the higher end of the pledges. This offer is still on the table and will stay on the table even after Doha,\" said the EU.\"We want a ratifiable amendment which makes way for ambition to increase during the commitment period,\" the EU added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17381997", "title": "Jharkhand sounds alert after central missive", "text": "RANCHI: In the wake of Ajmal Kasab's execution and the alleged nexus between various criminals of the state with Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) and Indian Mujahideen (IM) activities, Jharkhand has sounded alert throughout the state.Jharkhand police spokesperson and special branch IG S N Pradhan confirmed the development. \"A missive has come from the Union home ministry and all districts have been alerted,\" he said.In the past few years, police have come across various connections between local people and SIMI and IM activists. Dainish Riyaz, a Ranchi-based software engineer, was arrested for his connections with SIMI from Gujarat last year. Faizaul Rahman, who was born and brought up in Ranchi, was arrested in Kanpur for his links with the ISI.Hazaribagh police in June had gunned down two terrorists who had connections with Pakistan in June 2002. The duo, Zahid and Salim Ali, were involved in a terrorist strike in Kolkata and had taken shelter in Hazaribagh to avoid police as a manhunt had been launched in West Bengal. This year, a youth from Kashmir was arrested by Hazaribagh police for suspected terrorist connections.State police need to worry more as the Naxalites , the largest threat to internal security, have started living very close to the capital town. On November 20, Ranchi police had caught People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) rebel Pavan Gope, swho was wanted by both Khunti and Ranchi police, in Hinoo here. Gope, an aide of PLFI area commander Kali Charan, was staying in the state capital for the past several months to seek money from contractors and businessmen.Two PLFI rebels were also caught from Lapung, around 15km from here, on November 18. Chhotu Singh, who had evaded several police attempts, was also wanted by Simdega police. Chhotu Singh was an aide of PLFI area commander Subar Singh alias Surya.The trend of rebels living in Ranchi is a cause of concern because of late Maoists and Naxalite outfits are using sophisticated weapons supplied to them by insurgents in the northeast and others. In October, the Jharkhand police had seized a US gun and 80-odd bullets of Pakistan ordnance factory from rebels in Simdega district. In a similar development, police had seized a US made gun from rebels in Hazaribagh district in August.A sub-zonal commander level rebel of the PLFI had disclosed to police that the rebels' group nowadays get regular consignments of arms from the northeast and Nepal. \"The bullets and guns are still under investigation. An extensive investigation is on,\" said IG Pradhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380051", "title": "Mixed luck for Maharashtra in U-14 National Football Championship", "text": "MUMBAI: Hosts Maharashtra had mixed fortunes in the Under-14 National Football Championship for boys and girls played across three venues in the city, on Monday.The girls edged out Tamil Nadu 1-0 while the boys went down to Uttarakhand with the same margin. The girls from Manipur scored the biggest win of the day with a 12-0 drubbing of Madhya Pradesh while Haryana beat Gujarat 5-0.In the boys event Uttar Pradesh hammered Karnataka 7-0 while Goa edged out Chhattisgarh by a 2-1 margin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380523", "title": "Complaint against jail superintendent", "text": "CHENNAI: Reviving the criminal and departmental proceedings against a prison official facing custodial death charges, the Chennai district collector has lodged a private complaint against prison superintendent V Karuppannan in a magistrate court.A submission to this effect was made by district collector J Jayakanthan (since transferred) before the first bench of the Madras high court comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam. A public interest writ petition was filed by P Pugalenthi, advocate and director of the Prisoners Rights Forum, which alleged that Karuppannan, who is superintendent of Central Prison II at Puzhal faced criminal and departmental proceedings for the death of an inmate in 2004.In a status report, filed on Monday following a court directive, the district collector said the public secretary had directed him to file a criminal complaint before a competent court by an order dated October 10, 2011.Though a complaint was lodged before the chief metropolitan magistrate court at Egmore on November 30, 2011, it was returned by the court on December 29, 2011. It was re-submitted on November 17, 2012, he said, adding that the court would hear the issue on November 30.M Radhakrishnan, counsel for the PIL-petitioner, has said that though Karuppannan faced a serious charge of custodial death, instead of pursuing the criminal and departmental proceedings, the authorities had promoted him as additional superintendent of prisons in 2009 and superintendent in 2011.Since he took charge as superintendent of central prison II at Puzhal in August 2011, a total of nine inmates had died in the jail either due to suicide or lack of medical treatment, Radhakrishnan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380229", "title": "Two friends killed as car rams into tree in central Delhi, 2 hurt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two friends died on the spot when their car rammed into a tree in central Delhi while returning from a wedding around 2.10am on Monday. Two others were injured. The impact of the accident was such that neither police nor fire brigade officials could rescue the occupants of the mangled red Swift. A special team from the disaster management unit finally cut the car and freed them.The deceased have been identified as Akshat Goyal (22), a manager of a hotel who lived in Paharganj, and Raj Singh Dhillon (27), from Punjab. Sukhchain (30) and Rose Smile Sahota (19), both from Jalandhar in Punjab, have been hospitalized with severe head and spine injuries.Police said three of Akshat's friends had come along with their families from Punjab to attend a wedding in Naraina. They left the wedding venue around 1am on Monday and Akshat was driving the Swift with Dhillon sitting next to him. After driving for an hour, Akshat lost control while trying to save the car from a collision. It skidded for around 30-40 feet and hit a tree near the main gate of Satya Park in Ranjit Nagar.The disaster management team \"cut open its front portion and Dhillon was taken out first. The team then cut the rear portion and rescued the others,\" said a senior police officer.Akshat's mother, Sunita Goyal, alleged that the authorities did not act promptly. \"Anybody can verify my claim from the CCTV footage. My husband had died years ago and Akshat was my only hope,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380049", "title": "After 2-year delay, Milan flyover to open in January", "text": "MUMBAI: At the onset of New Year, be ready for a faster ride if you are living in the western suburbs. After over two years of delay and at double the cost, the flyover over Western Railway lines at Milan Subway is expected to be completed by this year-end.\"On Sunday morning, we launched a pair of 61-m-long steel girders, thus completing one-third of the crucial bridge portion. The flyover will be thrown open by January 2013,\" said MMRDA spokesperson Dilip Kawathkar.Heavy water-logging at the subway every monsoon causing inconvenience to motorists prompted the MMRDA to take up the project in 2008. The flyover promises to help motorists save half-an-hour of travel time during peak hours.Of the total six girders, we have to still launch four girders. They may be launched in the next 15 days. The flyover is 700m long.\"The bridge will ensure faster disposal of traffic as thousands of vehicles use this passage. The railways is now facilitating blocks at the night to speed up the work,\" he said, pointing out that the work was going on as per the railways' specifications and experts' monitoring.Over 60,000 vehicles use this road, connecting S V Road and WEH, daily. Once the flyover is thrown open, vehicles coming from S V Road can take the bridge while those wanting to switch over from WEH to S V Road can take the road below. Thus the bridge will end the congestion on this connector.\"The Milan subway is a flood-prone area and every monsoon, there is a chaos here. Considering that the entire 61-m-long bridge will be launched over seven railway tracks on the Western Railway, this is a significant development,\" said Kawathkar who is also the Joint Project Director (PR) of MMRDA.This is the second rail overbridge being constructed by MMRDA after it constructed the 1040-m-long Dahisar ROB, which has successfully achieved faster disposal of traffic.The steel girders have been cast in Bidar, Karnataka. The ROB is being constructed at a cost of Rs 83.74 crore, almost double the earlier cost of around Rs 42 crore.Series of unfortunate delaysDeadlinesWork started in December 2008Initial date for completion was December 2010Deadline was rescheduled to December 2011 and then March 2012Now, the new deadline for project is January 2013Cost escalation | 83.74 crThe project cost went through a two-fold hike from Rs 42 crore due to changed scope of work and delaysContractor | J Kumar Constructions Pvt LtdROADBLOCKS IN FLYOVER'S PATHRailway permissions for design and construction, height permission from airport authorities and resettlement of marble sellers along the stretchChanges in section of the bridge passing over railway tracks were suggested by the railway authoritiesThe crucial bridge part was then converted into a steel structure to change the design.Later an announcement of an elevated rail corridor between Churchgate and Virar came in and was proposed to be built between the flyover and the existing tracks above the subway.Again, WR asked for changes in the flyover design, especially in the length of the spans above the subway, so that it could accommodate more railway tracks in future.The height of the flyover could not be raised because it fell within the airport's landing and take-off paths.A few months ago railways stopped the work during monsoon and asked for a temporary pillar for girder launching.The earlier proposed separate steel bridges will now have joined spans with no pillar between the tracks, thus changing the scope of work.These changes and delays have pushed the cost up from Rs 42 crore to Rs 83.74 croreThe 700m flyover over Milan subway is set to ease traffic movement between SV Road and the WEH as the subway is narrow and gets flooded in the monsoonThe new connectivity will save 15 minutes of travel time and half-an-hour during monsoon as during rainy season traffic virtually crawls towards WEH as well as S V Road due to heavy water-logging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17383540", "title": "KR Mills Colony residents promised help", "text": "MYSORE: District minister S A Ramdas has intervened in the KR Mills Colony issue and assured its residents of assistance.The colony was allowed to be attached by banks, much to the opposition of the residents, who have moved the court and got a stay order. On Monday, Ramdas met the residents and assured them that their issue will be addressed. The minister toured the area off Mysore-Bangalore Road, which was established during the reign of Mysore maharaja Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar when the iconic Krishnarajendra Mills was established to extend jobs to the localities.The property later ended up in litigation after the factory got locked out and the colony attached to it was also allowed to be attached. The minister toured the area for 30 minutes following a request by the residents, especially women, to help them save their houses. \"We've been living here all our life. Where can we relocate if our houses are attached? Kindly help us,\" they told the minister. The residents told Ramdas that they have got the stay order against the DC's order to attach the colony, but feared that their properties could be attached.Pointing at the stay order, Ramdas assured them that he will address the issue, and that they will be not be displaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17381423", "title": "Kanpur marks Anti-Obesity Day", "text": "KANPUR: Several events marked Anti-Obesity Day on Monday. The city-based allopathic and homeopathic experts advised the people to opt for regular walking to keep obesity at bay.In the series of events held on anti-obesity day, doctors at the slimming centre had organized a free obesity check-up and body mass index (BMI) screening camp at their clinic on Monday. The event was headed by weight management specialist, Dr Raghuveer Mathur.\"Overall, 2.5 million deaths are attributed to overweight or obesity worldwide. More than 60 per cent young obese patients suffer from diabetes mellitus Type 2 along with blood pressure and heart disease, which is increasing by the day amongst the younger lot,\" informed Dr Mathur.He also asserted that just an extra 15 minutes walk everyday can extend human life by up to three years and always keep obesity away from the body.Similar facts were represented by homeopathic expert, Dr Hemant Mohan in a press conference organized on Anti-Obesity Day. The experts blame sedentary lifestyle for this and suggest that morning walk is the best way to keep the body in shape.\"Physical activity is the single most important determinant of energy expenditure. Around 40 minutes of moderate-intensity physical activity five days a week, including five minutes of warm up and five minutes of cool down is a must. All risk factors of diabetes, cholesterol, obesity, stress, and hypertension are controlled by exercise,\" said Dr Hemant Mohan.According to the city-based orthopedic surgeons and physiotherapists, the rising level of obesity and desk-based job preference in all age groups is making people obese and also giving them painful knee joints.The pediatric experts have expressed concern on this issue by saying that majority of children are falling prey to lifestyle diseases amongst which obesity is topping the charts.\"Four kilometres of walk in 20 minutes for four days a week is enough to shell the extra calories in the body that do not burn due to sedentary lifestyle. Morning walk can also keep a lot of other health problems at bay,\" said pediatric expert at Ursala Horseman Hospital, Dr Shalini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17380156", "title": "Hearing on garbage tenders on December 3", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen adjourned to December 3 the hearing on a batch of petitions challenging the new garbage tender proposals.\"BBMP said everything will be put in place within 15 days. But even after 20 days, the undertaking has not been complied with. There are no details forthcoming about vehicles, personnel or contribution to ESI as required under the new tender conditions,\" the counsel for several garbage contractors told the court. He also urged the court to ask for an affidavit from the BBMP.\"They've said everything will come into effect from December 1. We'll come to know about them on December 3,\" the bench observed.The petitioners claim that under the new tender, a pourakarmika is required to sweep up to 9km a day -- 4.5km of road and 4.5km of footpath. They feel the bidder will fail as the number of personnel has been reduced considerably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17381229", "title": "Work on pavilion at EMS corp stadium to begin on December 10", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The construction work of the grand stand pavilion at the EMS Corporation Stadium will begin on December 10 and will be completed on September 10, 2013. The decision was announced at a meeting of the officials of the National Games Secretariat -Kerala held with Kozhikode corporation mayor A K Premajam here on Monday.N Mohankumar chief engineer, national games secretariat and team held discussion with mayor said that the work of the stadium will be completed within 10 months of the commencement of the work.A Hyderabad-based company has been selected for the construction of the building which comprises grand stand pavilion and a two storey shopping complex. The estimated sum for the project is Rs 19.01 crores.Around three thousand spectators can watch the match sitting in the grand stand once the first phase works of the pavilion completes. The work of the football cum athletics stadium at the Kozhikode Medical College with an estimated sum of Rs 10.4 crore will be completed in 2013, April while the work of the V K Krishna Menon Indoor Stadium with Rs.2.90 crore will complete March 2013.The meeting decided not to take up the Rs 34-crore indoor stadium at Chevayur for the time being which was allotted for the district as part of the national games.S Kishan Chand, executive engineer of national games secretariat said that the grand stand at the corporation stadium is being planned in a way to meet the standard of the international games. \"There will be media room, VIP room, doctor's rooms, dressing room, official room and other facilities at the pavilion. There will also be shopping complex which would help generate income for the corporation,\" he said.District sports council president K J Mathai said that he has brought the issue of absence of a staircase to connect the 6,000 square feet hall in the third floor of the Medical College Football cum athletics stadium. \"The authorities have agreed to provide the staircase t,\" he said. The stadium will serve its purpose only if the National Games Secretariat convert the 6,000 square feet hall into dormitory,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17381579", "title": "Amend bill to give special status to Hyderabad-Karnatak region: CPM", "text": "MANGALORE: The state unit of CPM has demanded the passage of proposed amendment to Article 371 to include Karnataka in the schedule for providing special status to Hyderabad-Karnatak region in the ongoing winter session of the Parliament. The party has also exhorted the state units of Congress and BJP to stop scoring political brownie points on the issue and work unitedly for the overall development of the backward Hyderabad-Karnatak region.GN Nagaraj, state CPM secretariat member told reporters here on Monday that the Central government is within its powers to amend Article 371 to confer special status on the region. However, the provision of creating a statutory development board for Hyderabad-Karnatak and vesting powers of monitoring implementation of the development works proposed under the board with the governor is an affront to the Federal structure of the country.The centre should not usurp autonomy of the state under the guise of funding development of Hyderabad-Karnatak region, Nagaraj said, adding the state government should have the right to decide on the pace and course of development works in the region. A letter by the state government to the Centre had taken exception to some of the provisions in the proposed amendment to Article 371 leading to a slanging row between BJP and Congress.The parliamentary committee on home affairs headed by M Venkaiah Naidu had advised the Centre to consult the state government before moving the proposed amendment to Article 371. This reported 'advise' had riled former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa who reminded the BJP leader through the media that he (Naidu) was elected to the Rajya Sabha from Karnataka and that he should work to protect overall interests of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17381596", "title": "Rs 5 lakh for train mishap victims: HC", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The Orissa high court on Monday directed the railway authorities to pay compensation of Rs 5 lakh each to the family of those who died in a train accident at an unmanned level-crossing in Khairpali near Sambalpur on August 24. The injured would get Rs 25,000 to Rs 1 lakh.The accident took place when a trolley-auto carrying 22 labourers was hit by the Rourkela-Bhubaneswar Intercity Express. As many as 13 people, including the trolley driver, died on the spot while another died in the hospital the day after.The division bench comprising Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B K Mishra directed the chairman of Railway Board to pay the compensation within two months. The bench also directed the railway authorities to solve the unmanned level-crossing problem either by constructing underbridge, overbridge or engaging home guards. The PIL was filed by social activist and lawyer Prabir Kumar Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380785", "title": "Ganga on her mind, Uma silent on other issues", "text": "LUCKNOW: After making her second appearance in UP Vidhan Sabha in the state capital and a \"kshanik mulaqaat\" (short meeting with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in the House and susbequently at the CM's office, former chief minister of Madhya Pradesh and debutante MLA from UP Uma Bharti said she would be campaigning for Gujarat Assembly election after December 2.The deadline fixed by the Charkhari MLA marks the second phase of her Ganga Samagra Abhiyan with the formation of human chain on the day from Ganga Sagar in West Bengal to Gangotri in Uttarakhand. Uma will be leading the human chain formation in Kanpur on December 2.Talking to mediapersons here on Monday at Vishwa Samvad Kendra, a Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS)-associated unit, Uma Bharti said not only will she campaign for Gujarat election after December 2 but will also take political questions from mediapersons. She refused to comment on controversies around Ram Jethmalani or Nitin Gadkari.Unlike other senior BJP leaders who prefer to meet mediapersons at state BJP office, Uma Bharti's choice of press conference in Lucknow was the Vishwa Samvad Kendra lend credentials to her not-so-sweet relations with state BJP leaders. The differences came to the fore during the UP leg of her Ganga Samagra Abhiyan when most of the senior state BJP leaders, barring state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi and former speaker Kesarinath Tripathi, remained conspicuous by their absence. tnnThe rift between state BJP leaders and the firebrand sanyasin widened further when during the yatra in Bihar senior leaders like C P Thakur and Sushil Modi were not only seen accompanying her but also sharing dais with her and addressing gatherings there.Uma by her choice said since she was not taking any political questions and was speaking on the clean-Ganga campaign, she preferred to address media at a non-political organisation. Uma also made it clear that probably after December 2; she would be taking all political questions from mediapersons. She also said that during her Ganga yatra, she had come to understand that problem of cleaning the holy river could be solved through cooperation from all and with strong political will, she said.Elaborating on her meeting with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, Uma said it was a short meeting in which she raised her demand in writing with regards to development issues at Charkhari assembly segment including developing it as a tourist spot, besides promoting to education, health and other services in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17381206", "title": "Advani to lay foundation stone of river link project", "text": "BHOPAL: Senior BJP leader L K Advani will lay the foundation stone for the Narmada-Kshipra river link project on November 29 at Ujjain. The project is aimed to revive the Kshipra river and make water available in the river round the year.Besides the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , BJP MP Ananth Kumar , state party president Prabhat Jha , minister in-charge of Ujjain district Kailash Vijayvargiya and minister of state for Narmada valley development K L Agrawal will also be present on the occasion.After launching the work at village Ujjaini at 10.30 am, Advani, Chouhan and others will visit Ujjain. They will perform Narmada Jalabhishek at Ramghat and Mahakaleshwar temple at Ujjain and address a convention at Nanakhera Stadium at 1.30 pm. Narmada-Kshipra Simhastha Link Project is an ambitious project of the state BJP government under which Narmada water will be flowed into Kshipra, Gambhir, Parwati and Kali Sindh rivers. In the first phase, 5 cusec water will be drawn from Sisliya tank of Omkareshwar project and released into Kshipra through lift irrigation system. It will make drinking water available to over 150 villages in the region. Adequate drinking water will also be made available for Ujjain besides on the occasion of Simhastha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17383414", "title": "Site allocation: BJP MLC accused of wrongdoing", "text": "MYSORE: BJP MLC G Madhusudana, who has named district minister S A Ramdas in the Chamundi Hills land row, has come under the scanner following charges that he helped a private educational institute get prime land in the city. Congress leader and activist M Lakshmana on Monday accused the MLC of helping a Jayalakshmipuram-based institute get 1,19,446 sqft land from Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda). \"The MLC is a member of Muda. A prime land was allotted to the institute at throwaway price. The application was processed quickly too,\" he told reporters.Lakshmana said he will file a case in the court, pointing out that the legal cell of the urban body had opposed the allotment of the civic amenities sites to the institute. \"Following the application, the then chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda has recommended to allot CA sites in Vijayanagar II stage. The institute was allotted four CA sites, which were reserved for stadium, police station and a veterinary college. The cost of the land is some Rs 40 crore, but Muda allotted it to Rs 7 lakh and extended 10 installments options for the payment. When there are applicants pending over 25 years for CA sites, the urban body allotted them quickly as the MLC pressurized it,\" he stated, asking: \"Why did the MLC get prime CA sites to a private institute? What is his interest in it?\"In reply to a question, he said JD(S) members are also involved in the land scam. Lakshmana said he will release the documents of the scam where JD(S) leaders are involved.Mysore MP Adagooru H Vishwanath said Muda is promoting real estate business and the legislators outside Mysore are becoming its members to help realtors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381445", "title": "Now, an SMS prompt to pay your power bill", "text": "PUNE: The Pune zone of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd ( MSEDCL) will soon start sending SMSs to consumers' mobile phones, informing them about their electricity bills. At present, around 15,000 consumers in the Parvati division of the distribution company are being sent SMSs on an experimental basis.Siddharth Nagtilak, chief engineer of the Pune zone said that an SMS is sent to the consumer as soon as his electricity bill is ready. The service will now be extended to all consumers in the 12 divisions of Pune zone.\"The SMS has information like consumer number, billing unit number, month of the bill, bill amount, prompt payment date and the amount payable, last date for bill payment and amount payable. Consumers will even be able to pay the bill through an SMS,\" he said in a statement issued here on Monday. All consumers have been asked to register their mobile numbers at the distribution company's office concerned, the bill payment centre or with company employees who visit the consumer's residence.Meanwhile, electricity bills worth Rs 25.95 crore were paid in October through the internet online bill payment facility started by the distribution company. About 2.12 lakh consumers used the online facility. \"About six months ago, 1.50 lakh consumers paid their bills worth about Rs 16 crore, through the online facility. The number of consumers has been growing steadily,\" the statement said.About 1.10 lakh consumers from the Ganeshkhind circle paid bills to the tune of Rs 13.51 crore online, 93,000 consumers from the Rasta Peth circle paid Rs 10.85 crore, while 9,000 consumers from the Pune rural circle paid Rs 1.60 crore worth of bills, using the online payment facility.The online payment facility is available at www.mahadiscom.in. All low-tension consumers can pay their bills using credit/debit cards or through netbanking. \"No extra charges are collected from a consumer who avails of these facilities. All information about online payment is available in the consumer service column of the website, the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17380590", "title": "Ardee City director held guilty in bribery case", "text": "GURGAON: A city court on Monday held a director of Ardee City and two of her accomplices guilty in a bribery case of year 2009. According to officials, the case dates back to September 2009 where there was some land dispute after the company took some land from local villagers.Late on Monday night, the superintendent of Bhondsi Jail, Harendra Singh, confirmed the arrest of Shefali Verma, saying that she was jailed after being held guilty in a bribery case. Singh said she would be produced in court on Tuesday when the final verdict would be pronounced.According to vigilance department sources, the three accused are Shefali Verma, holding the post of director in the company; her reliable employee Tarakeshwar; and the latter's manager Manoj Pandey.A top vigilance official told TOI that the company had acquired land by making false affidavits of villagers who were later found to be dead. When the vigilance took up the case, Manoj Pandey was sent by the main accused to the then DSP Vigilance, Krishna Murari, to pay him a bribe of Rs 1.50 lakh. Murari is DCP (Traffic) in Faridabad at present.Murari had immediately arrested Manoj Pandey and a case was initiated against the other two accused. The vigilance official said that Manoj got out of jail after two months while the other two accused got anticipatory bail from the court and were out till now.However, the city court found them guilty in the case. Although sources said that they have been arrested and sent in judicial custody, this could not be confirmed from any official sources.\"I can confirm that the three accused have been pronounced guilty by the court. However, I would not be able to confirm the sentence that has been pronounced by the court. The court has reserved the order,\" Satyavati Sangwan, DSP Vigilance, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380521", "title": "Too few counsellors in TN, young offenders in trouble", "text": "CHENNAI: A minor who commits an offence is often doomed to a future of crime, but juveniles in conflict with the law in the state are staring uncertainty in the face right now.Tamil Nadu has registered a worrying rise in the number of juveniles committing offences but the state's child welfare committees (CWCs) have been hobbled by a severe shortage of probation officers and experts to counsel them.Replying to an RTI application filed by social activist A Narayanan, the state's department of social defence said there are only 25 probation officers in the 32 districts of the state. The state's 86 child care institutions, eight observation homes and two special homes house thousands of children between the ages of three and 18. At least five probation officers hold additional charge in other districts. The reply said the CWCs and juvenile justice board do not have qualified psychiatrists or adequate number of social workers. \"The state government has not taken any steps to appoint staff for all the CWCs or the juvenile justice board,\" said Narayanan, who also filed a PIL in February.An official said inmates of juvenile homes have made several complaints about physical, mental and sexual abuse by the staff of these halfway houses. Many juvenile homes are run by untrained personnel. Among the inmates are not just youngsters who have run afoul of the law but also children from other states who have run away from home. Activists say these children, who do not know Tamil, are vulnerable to abuse.\"Clerks with no experiences serve as probation officers,\" Narayanan said. \"It is an injustice to allow the abuse of the most marginalised children who are in need of rehabilitation,\" he said. Department of social defence director N Mathivanan said the government will soon recruit officers for districts like Ariyalur, Dharmapuri, Tirupur and Tuticorn. \"We have also proposed an additional probation officer for Chennai,\" he said. \"We are looking to appoint new probation officers with experience in child psychology or sociology,\" Mathivanan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381937", "title": "TOI IMPACT: 'Professional' drivers for fire tenders soon", "text": "NAGPUR: Realizing its mistake, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to replace aiwajdars driving fire tenders with professional drivers. However, in a questionable move, the proposal is to engage professional drivers through private agencies.TOI had highlighted how aiwajdars (daily wage sanitary workers) were engaged in driving fire tenders at NMC, in a brazen violation of bylaws. According to NMC, around 800 of the total 4,854 aiwajdars were engaged in various types of works in different departments despite having been appointed to sweep the roads and clean drains. Shockingly, 72 of them were driving NMC's vehicles, including fire tenders.Sources at NMC told TOI that municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has directed that the aiwajdars be replaced at the earliest. \"Deputy municipal commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui prepared a proposal to replace the aiwajdars with professional drivers. But the plan is to engage the drivers through private agencies. The proposal will move further after getting Wardhane's consent,\" the sources said.A couple of officials agreed that the proposal has both good and bad points. \"The proposal fulfils the current need of replacing the aiwajdars driving fire tenders. The disadvantage is that the civic body is taking a risk by engaging private drivers on fire tenders. Such a thing has never happened anywhere in the state. Ideally, the drivers should be appointed through a recruitment process. The plan to hire private drivers is being mooted since the recruitment process will take a long time and might not be allowed due to the weak financial condition of NMC. There are no restrictions, though, on the fire department as it comes under emergency services,\" the officials said.However, NMC has not taken any decision yet regarding aiwajdars driving vehicles in other departments, including the official cars of some top officials. One of the drivers told TOI that aiwajdars are driving the vehicles since a long time and should be recruited on permanent basis as professional drivers. \"This step will end the ongoing controversy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17381037", "title": "20 of 100 Diwali sweets fail test", "text": "LUDHIANA: Some of the sweet shop owners in the city who have been selling adulterated and substandard sweets during Diwali have come under the scanner of health authorities and may face prosecution soon.Of the 100 sweet samples collected by the health authorities around Diwali, 20 have failed the test carried under Food Safety and Standard Act. What has got the health authorities worried is that of them, six have been found to be unsafe for human consumption.\"As per procedure, the sweet shop owners are being given one month's time to challenge the sample report in a referral laboratory, from where the report will come within 15 days. After that, we will start seeking prosecution of offenders in accordance to the relevant provisions,\" said Ravinder Garg, the food safety officer. The samples were collected from last week of October to November 9 and have been found to be either sub-standard or misbranded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380012", "title": "Wedding dampener: DDA can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t check tentwallahs", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's marriage season in the capital, and the job of finding a suitable wedding venue remains as tough as ever. At the root of the problem is Delhi Development Authority's (DDA) failure to break the hold of tentwallahs on its grounds. This 'tent mafia' books DDA grounds in advance and installs pandals on them, forcing customers to book venues through tentwallahs at higher rates. At several places in the city, TOI found grounds shown 'empty' on the Authority's website covered with massive pandals.To ensure that the common man, too, gets an opportunity to host a decent wedding at an affordable cost, DDA has identified 166 sites for social functions. As per DDA rules, bookings can be done three months in advance, on a first-come-first-served basis. Structures like tents or pandals are allowed to be put up only for the days booked, and structures or articles that remain beyond the reserved period draw a penalty. While earlier, these sites could be booked from the site engineer's office, DDA recently started an online system to streamline the booking procedure with transparency. Even this system does not appear to have solved the problem of tent mafia.On paper, the online process seems simple enough: check if the venue is available on a date and then book it. But getting possession of the venue for the chosen date is another story as most of the grounds already have large, elaborate pandals on them. At the DDA grounds near TV Towers in Pitampura, half a dozen pandals \u00e2\u20ac\u201d replicas of Indian palaces \u00e2\u20ac\u201d occupy almost the whole space. While the DDA website specifies the booking period as just one day (with a day each for building and dismantling pandals), the massive pandals at the site would require several days to dismantle. Manoj Gupta, a resident of Pitampura, said the pandals near TV Towers have been standing on the grounds for over a month. \"Even on days when no function is held, the pandals remain there. There are boundary walls and tin sheds, and it will take several bulldozers to bring them down,'' he said.For grounds in Netaji Subhash Place, the website shows bookings on November 27 and 28, but the tentwallahs who have their pandals at the site say the grounds can be booked only through them. Tentwallahs have their boards at the entrance, and there is no sign to show that the land belongs to DDA. Grounds on Road 43 in Saraswati Vihar, are shown available from December 1 to December 4, but the semi-permanent pandals at all the six grounds look like they are there to stay. \"If you want to book these grounds for any date in the next fortnight, we can negotiate a price,'' said a representative of one of the tentwallahs there. While DDA offers the grounds at reasonable rates, tentwallahs charge Rs 10-30 lakh for the same grounds.DDA officers acknowledge the presence of the tent mafia but say that if a customer finds his reserved ground occupied by pandals, DDA will remove the offending structures for the days or reservation. DDA is also exploring other ways to make the process of holding wedding functions easier. Neemo Dhar, DDA spokesperson, said: \"Certain tentwallahs are still trying to manipulate the system but DDA is making efforts to make the system fool-proof by ensuring checks and balances at various stages. Apart from this, in a senior officials' meeting headed by the V-C, an idea was mooted for constructing kalian mandapams in different parts of the city to facilitate marriages. The possibility of constructing these is still being explored, and if found feasible, the same will be taken up after working out a policy deciding modalities.''An official added: \"There have been several complaints that genuine consumers are forced to pay astronomical amounts for booking DDA grounds. A committee was constituted to find a solution to the problem. Replacing the manual system with an online facility is part of the committee's recommendations,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17381546", "title": "Chhattisgarh native arrested for brother-in-law's murder", "text": "PANAJI: Pandu Dudi, 25, a native of Chhattisgarh was arrested by the Old Goa police on Monday in the alleged murder of his relative Chinna Budri, 20, native of Dantewada district, Chhattisgarh. The incident took place late Sunday night.Deputy superintendent of police Umesh Gaonkar told mediapersons that Budri was assaulted by his brother-in-law Dudi and pushed onto a cement parapet where the victim sustained head injuries.He added that the accused kicked Budri while he was lying on the floor. The victim succumbed to injuries on the spot.Goankar said that since it was a holiday being Sunday seven people from a construction site at Corlim and three from Merces decided to spent some time together which included the victim and accused.\"After consuming alcohol, the accused and victim got into argument at the construction site at Corlim. The accused pushed the victim to the floor and assaulted him causing grievous injuries,\" Goankar said, adding that the two had previous enmity over some family land in their native place.The complaint was filed by site contractor Sadananad Salgaonkar. Police arrested the accused under Section 302 of the IPC and he has been remanded to 10 days police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17380071", "title": "BBMP click-starts new strategy", "text": "BANGALORE: The 550-odd BBMP health inspectors and environment engineers have an unviable task: Hit the roads at 6 am and upload pictures of uncleared garbage in their jurisdiction.They must take pictures as early as 6.30 am and upload them in the designated folder of BBMP website through Android phones provided to them. They must also take pictures of the garbage cleared at the same spot and upload them so that the BBMP commissioner and other higher-ups can monitor the work.This is Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike's latest strategy to tackling the garbage crisis. Of the 198 wards, the system is in place in 148 already. The real time garbage management system came into effect on November 15 after the high court pulled up BBMP for its mismanagement of the garbage crisis.How does it work? As and when the photo is posted on the website, the geo-stamped location information can be verified. The next process will be the alert that goes to the health inspector concerned to clear the mess and upload the picture of the cleaned-up area at the earliest. Soon, public too can take pictures of garbage heaps, potholes, faulty street lights and post them on the designated BBMP portal.\"Without a monitoring system in place, there would be no reference point for measuring quantity and quality of work. Identifying improvement areas and areas of concern could have not been done. Verifying if a contractor has at least met the tender expectations is a must which can be done easily through this system,'' said BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17383821", "title": "Adarsh scam accused Kanhaiyalal Gidwani dies of heart attack", "text": "MUMBAI: Former Congress legislator Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, who was chargesheeted in the Adarsh Society scam, died here on Tuesday following a brief illness.Gidwani, 64, was undergoing treatment at the Breach Candy Hospital here and died due to a heart ailment, family sources saidHe was the chief promoter of the controversial Adarsh Society in Colaba and had also worked as spokesperson of the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380238", "title": "Sukhdev Singh Namdhari was Ponty Chadha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s guest before shootout", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Ponty Chadha shootout mystery is getting deeper by the day, with new facts emerging. Investigators claim the liquor baron had asked Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, sacked chief of Uttarakhand's minorities commission, to come to Delhi with his men three days before the November 17 shootout in which Chadha and his younger brother Hardeep were killed. Namdhari is said to have stayed with Ponty for two days.Namdhari is learnt to have told interrogators that the dispute between Ponty and Hardeep over the family's two farmhouses in Delhi had gone on for over a year, but the tension increased three days before the shootout. \"Hardeep's decision to sell the farmhouses \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 'for sale' signs were stuck on the gates of the properties, 42 Central Drive in Chhatarpur and G-19 in Bijwasan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d drove Ponty to summon Namdhari. Ponty wanted to grab the bungalows to have the upper hand in negotiations with his brother,\" said a source.After two days of preliminary investigation, the crime branch has picked two new witnesses: Hardeep's private guard Subodh Tyagi and driver Kaushal. They have been taken into custody for questioning to recreate the sequence of events leading up to the killings. Kaushal, sources said, had dropped Hardeep at the gate of the Chhatarpur farmhouse where the shootout occurred, and was parking the car down the lane when he heard the gunshots.While Ponty's driver Raj Dev remains the main witness, at least nine other people who witnessed bits of the encounter have been questioned. These include - Namdhari, his PSO Sachin Tyagi, and Ponty's men Bhupinder Singh Bisht, Uday Raj, Rajpal Singh, Anand Singh Bisht, Mathura Singh Mehra and Anna. \"They hold the key to the sequence of the shootout,\" said the source. Three Punjab Police gunmen, who were assigned to Hardeep, have been called again for questioning. All statements will be recorded on camera.Investigation and analysis of statements of more than 100 people has also revealed that at least 20 men, mostly associates of Namdhari, are on the run.\"They were sent by Namdhari to grab the farmhouses but fled, probably around the time of the shootout. Out teams are raiding several places in Uttar Pradesh. We have identified some of the suspects,\" said the source. The search effort is focused on tracing a Namdhari aide named Hardayal alias Mama, who was present when the farmhouses were broken into.About Namdhari, who was brought to Delhi on Monday, an official said, \"he keeps changing his statements and is now downplaying his role in the shootout. He is claiming that he had no role in the firing and that he just came with Ponty to the farmhouse with three-four men. But we have two witnesses \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Sachin Tyagi and Raj Dev \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who have confirmed that he had indeed fired\".On Monday, metropolitan magistrate Sudhanshu Kaushik extended the police custody of Bhupender Singh, Uday Raj Singh, Rajpal Singh, Anand Singh Bisht and Mathura Singh Mehra till November 28 as police stressed on the need to confront them with Namdhari. The five were produced in the court by the crime branch after expiry of their remand.\"Keeping in mind the seriousness of the offence and also that the investigation is still at a preliminary stage, three days' police custody is granted to the crime branch,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17379660", "title": "Steve Jobs' cancer belonged to same family", "text": "MUMBAI: When Tara Sakpal was brought to JJ Hospital from a state-run hospital in Alibaug in September 2010, she was clueless that she was suffering from a cancerous neuroendocrine tumour. This belongs to the same family of cancer that claimed the life of Apple founder Steve Jobs .\"It's one of the slowest growing cancers, but extremely hard to detect,\" said Dr Ajay Bhandarwar, a professor at JJ Hospital's Grant Medical College who diagnosed and treated Sakpal.However, not all NETs become cancerous. Even if they do, they can be treated. \"Only neuroendocrine cancers that are detected too late after they have metastasized to other organs are difficult to treat and could be fatal,\" said the doctor.As the term neuroendocrine suggests, it's a network of the body's various hormone-producing glands. The network begins with the hypothalamus, the site of the brain that controls various hormonal functions as well as moods and body temperature, and is spread throughout the body.Doctors say that patients with neuroendocrine cancers may live for two decades and at least for seven years.Tara Sakpal is now without any of the symptoms that had confined her to bed for over two years. \"My husband and I live alone, while my children live a few kilometres away. I travel alone and manage well,\" the 70-year-old said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380728", "title": "Police on the lookout for actor, advocate for attacking movie-goer at drive-in theatre", "text": "CHENNAI: Police are on the lookout for actor Bhuvaneshwari, an advocate and 10 others who allegedly attacked and a movie-buff and a head constable at a drive-in theatre on the East Coast Road on Sunday night.It all started around 10.30pm when Kumar, who had come to watch the Tamil movie 'Thuppaki' at the drive-in theatre, asked Damodharakrishnan, an advocate, to move his car parked behind his. When the latter didn't respond, Kumar said in his complaint, he tried to move his car out with touching Damodharan's but hit it by accident. An enraged Damodharakrishnan then hit Kumar's car and attacked him. Bhuvaneshwari, who had accompanied Damodharakrishnan to the theatre, then came in support of the advocate and two began a quarrel with Kumar. As the argument continued, ten of the advocate's friends landed on the spot, reportedly alerted by him over the phone.\"As soon as they started raining blows on him, Kumar alerted the control room and a patrolling team of the Neelankarai police rushed to the spot,\" said a senior police officer.As sub-inspector Krishnamoorthy and head constable Baskaran were trying to pacify the two groups, a few of them attacked Baskar, injuring him, the police officer said. Damodharakrishnan and his friends damaged the windshield of the Kumar's car and also damaged the patrol vehicle and escaped after seeing the policemen alerting higher officials.Based on a complaint from Kumar, police registered a case under section 147 (Punishment for rioting), 148 (Rioting, armed with deadly weapon), 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation) under the provisions of Tamil Nadu Public Property (Prevention of Damage and Loss) Act 1992.Bhuvaneswari, police said, had landed in trouble a few months ago when a Tamil film producer lodged a complaint against here. He claimed she had cheated him to the tune of Rs 10 lakh on the pretext of producing a teleserial. She was also booked for cheating a businessman from Choolaimedu after taking possession of his car claiming to hire the car for shooting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17380741", "title": "US won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t raise carbon footprint bar", "text": "DOHA: Forget the US President Barak Obama's statement on climate change upon his re-election stating, \"We haven't done as much as we need to\". On the first day of the Doha round of UN climate negotiations, Washington announced that it won't raise the commitment it has made to reduce greenhouse gas emissions until 2020.\"I don't anticipate the United States will in the pre-2020 timeframe modify the commitment we have made,\" said Jonathan Pershing , the US' deputy special envoy for climate change. This effectively sealed the chance of the US increasing its paltry commitments of reducing emissions by 17% below 2005 levels within another eight years.The small island countries and some other nations have been demanding a rise in the appetite countries have so far shown to reduce emissions between now and 2020. The European Union (EU) has committed to reduce emissions by 20% below 1990 levels by 2020 under the Kyoto Protocol. The US, which has refused to be part of the Kyoto Protocol, has committed what some studies say ranges between 0% and 3% reduction of carbon footprints, when compared to 1990, the base year.Developing countries, including India and China have made voluntary pledges too, which studies show add up to more than what the rich countries have offered.But as UNEP and other expert panels have warned these pledges aren't enough to keep the planet from hitting runaway climate change as global temperatures rise by more than 2 degrees Celsius over pre-industrial era causing irreversible damage. The small island and least developed countries, who are some of the most vulnerable nations, have asked that countries raised the bar even before the new global deal is negotiated between now and 2015 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to be operationalized by 2020.India and other large developing economies have noted that \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with the EU unwilling to increase its emission pledges under the Kyoto Protocol and other developing countries abandoning the Kyoto ship \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the demand by the small island states would only increase the burden of poor economies to reduce emissions.The US on Monday locked down any hope of an increase in emission by stating that at Durban last year countries had decided to negotiate only a post-2020 deal, and not increase emission pledges anytime before that.\"At Doha here we will sketch out the next steps in the process for developing this new (post-2020) agreement. We gave ourselves a careful remit at Durban...our task is not to renegotiate that mandate but to implement it,\" Pershing said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379897", "title": "Civil society seeks to guarantee right to justice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Exactly 63 years after the adoption of the Constitution, a huge gathering of civil society stalwarts resolved to implement its chief architect B R Ambedkar's grand vision of translating political equality into \"equality in our social and economic life\".While leading a collective pledge at a jan sansad (people's parliament) marking the Constitution Day, former chief justice of India J S Verma stressed the need \"to secure the as yet unfinished task of guaranteeing the right to justice\".In a departure from the rhetoric of anti-corruption campaigns, NAC member Aruna Roy said that people reposed faith in democratic institutions despite the state's apathy to the travails of hunger and injustice. \"We are here to reassert that faith,\" Roy added. The pledge recalling the socialist orientation of the Constitution was taken, besides Verma, by an array of jurists: Soli Sorabjee, Leila Seth, Rajindar Sachar and Mukul Mudgal. Other pledge supporters included Binayak Sen, Wajahat Habibullah, Sayeeda Hameed, Medha Patkar, Shantha Sinha, Harsh Mander and O P Jain.TOI social impact award winner Baba Adhav lamented that, despite the directive principles of state policy in the Constitution, the government was oblivious to the fact that 37% of the population lived below the poverty line. Speaker after speaker emphasized the need to adopt a unified stand to ensure that marginal communities were able to reclaim their constitutional rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379255", "title": "UPA has the numbers, but keen to avoid vote on FDI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA can easily clear the voting test on its decision to allow FDI in retail , but is keen to avoid a contest in order to escape criticism from the very same allies who will help it best the opposition.The government's edge in the numbers game was evident at the all-party meeting called by parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath on Monday to discuss a resolution of the standoff in Parliament, with UPA partner DMK as well as outside supporters SP and BSP making it plain yet again that they won't ditch the government in any tussle with the opposition.However, the government was not spoiling for a vote yet because of the recognition that the satisfaction of yet another triumph over the opposition may be undercut by a display of the sharp rift in the ruling coalition over a measure that the government has showcased as proof of its just-found resolve to rev up reforms.The Monday meeting of political parties saw finance minister P Chidambaram appealing to the opposition to drop their demand for a vote on the ground that the perception of division over reforms would interfere with his objective to mobilize $70 billion through the triad of FDI, FII and ECB.SP, BSP and DMK, which will help the government sail through the contest on FDI, have been critical of the decision. The all-party meeting saw DMK's T R Baalu regretting that \"the issue could have been handled better\".Although they are certain not to side with the opposition in a vote on the desirability of letting in global supermarket chains, the three parties are likely to use aggressive rhetoric to counter the perception of dilution of their opposition: a situation that the government wants to dodge.A meeting of UPA partners has been called on Tuesday to formulate a common stand on the tussle which ensured that the two Houses conducted no business on Monday either.The BJP, the Left and allies stuck to their guns that discussion on FDI in multi-brand retail be followed by voting, a demand the government is loath to accept. They were supported by JD(U), Akali Dal, Shiv Sena , BJD, AIADMK and TDP.Trinamool leader Sudip Bandopadhyaya's comment that the party was not really bothered about the rule under which the debate may happen led to some speculation that Mamata Banerjee , whose no-confidence motion failed to find support from either NDA or the Left, may retaliate by staying neutral.However, TMC's chief whip in Rajya Sabha Derek O'Brien, one of the attendees, disputed the interpretation which had led to some celebration in Congress circles. \"The speculation is laughable, considering that we left the government on the issue of FDI. Sudip merely wanted to say that Trinamool was focused on the government's ouster, and would not like to join the quibble over rules,\" he said.The government and the opposition camps were neatly cleaved on the controversial issue but Congress managers appeared more comfortable than in the past after \"outside supporters\" SP and BSP told the all-party meeting that the chair of the respective Houses should decide the section under which the discussion is held.Lalu Prasad's RJD stayed firmly with the government, saying the BJP should he hauled up for advocating 100% FDI during the Vajpayee government.On the other side, leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj was insistent on a discussion under a voting clause. \"There will be no compromise on (Rule) 184 (which entails voting).\" Asked if BJP would not allow Parliament to function, she replied, \"No compromise at all... When I said no compromise, it means something.\"The uncompromising attitude of the main opposition party could threaten another session of Parliament and UPA managers are assessing if BJP could go all the way. The ruling party wants early resumption of proceedings to convey it is in charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17381381", "title": "Markets full with warmth of wool", "text": "KANPUR: Observing continuous dip in the mercury mark, wool markets are all set to give warm comfort to the locals of the industrial city. Offering a wide range of quality and colours, the wool markets are witnessing a huge rush.Wool sellers at Naveen Market, P Road and Gumti are doing brisk business. According to the vendors, the few months of winters offer them the only opportunity in a city which is otherwise known for high temperature around most of the time throughout the year.\"Sudden demand for wool and specialised threads for knitting sweaters and shawls came up with a dip in temperature. There is demand for pure wool as well which is the costliest among all varieties available,\" said Santhosh Sharma a wool shop owner at Naveen Market.He added that the markets were deserted before Diwali as buyers always opt to buy wool from the end of November. A sweater takes around two to three weeks to finish and be ready to wear in the chilling winters from mid-December and January.Prolonged summers and scant rains had spelt loss for hosiery and wool vendors, but sudden dip in mercury before Diwali gave them a reason to smile. The buyers on the other hand are facing disappointment as there were no pre-winter sales in the markets due to early arrival of winters.\"Sales have shot up early this year as winters have marked an early arrival. The old stocks have largely been cleared. Even buyers are attracted towards fresh arrivals. Weather conditions are pointing towards chilling cold this year and we hope to good business,\" said Harish, a wool shop owner at P Road.He added that if the situation prevails, there would be no stock left for discount sales.Talking about variety of wool and prices, Mitali, a wool shop owner at Gumti, said there were more than seven different types of wools available in the market this year. The layered wool and the variety with shine are still in demand after setting record sale last year.\"Pure wool is the costliest among all, priced at Rs 450 to 600 per kilogram. One can also opt for better varieties between Rs 800 and 1,000 a kilo. The price of shiny and multi-layered wool is around 50 to 70 rupees per 100 grams,\" informed Mitali.Talking about preferences, a local buyer of wool Pushpa Mishra said though the new wool varieties are attractive but she would opt for the traditional one as it is attractive as well as warm. But she was sorry to note the prices which are higher compared to last year.\"Buying wool proves expensive now as ready-made sweaters and shawl costs in-between Rs 500 to 800 at an average. On the other hand, cost of 1 kg wool of good quality is nearly Rs 600 to 700 and we also have to put in lots of hard work into making it,\" added she further.Echoing her views, Gayatri, a resident of Kidwai Nagar said initially people of the family used to wear hand-made sweaters and they marked love and affection but youths today don't value hand-made woolens and so she gave up knitting from the past few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380485", "title": "Get an overview of CSIR products", "text": "LUCKNOW: National laboratories of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) - Central Drug Research Institute (CDRI), National Botanical Research Institute, (NBRI), Indian Institute of Toxicology Research (IITR) and Central Institute of Medicinal and Aromatic Plants (CIMAP) are jointly participating in Lucknow Mahotsav. Visitors will have unique opportunity to interact with the scientists of the institutes and get an overview of the technologies and products on display.The institutes are displaying machines and various products like mosquito repellent, skin ointment and many others. CSIR-IITR is showcasing some of its R&D; activities and achievements it has accomplished, its contribution towards societal benefit and technologies for water analysis. Besides the technologies for detection of artificial colour in edible oil and argemone oil adulteration in mustard oil will enrich your experience.CSIR-NBRI is displaying its notable developments which are directly touching the lives of people. These are herbal fermented drink, herbal soft drink, bio-inoculants for sustainable agriculture, herbal colour (Gulal), opium poppy varieties developed by CSIR-NBRI, herbal lipstick, agro-technology for gladiolus, tuberose, chrysanthemum, dehydration of flowers and foliage and floral craft and future course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381376", "title": "Four-year-old girl crushed to death", "text": "PUNE: A four-year-old girl was crushed to death after she got stuck in the main gate of a company at Bhosari MIDC. The incident took place, when her father, a security guard of the company, was closing the gate around 7 pm on Sunday.The Bhosari MIDC police have identified the deceased as Niruta Bharat Odh of Sector 7, Bhosari MIDC.Senior inspector D B Patil said that Niruta's father, Bharat, who was working as a security guard in a sheet metal company, resides on the premises of the company with his family.Patil said that around 7 pm on Sunday evening, Bharat was going towards the gate when Niruta came out of the house and ran towards it. Bharat failed to notice Niruta and closed the door. \"Niruta got stuck between the gate and sustained severe head injuries. She was rushed to the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital in Pimpri, where she succumbed during treatment.\"The Bhosari MIDC police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17380100", "title": "BDA told to file report on illegal building", "text": "BANGALORE: Justice Rammohan Reddy on Monday directed the BDA to file an action taken report by December 7 with regard to demolishing an unauthorized building in South City Group Housing complex on Bannerghatta Road. He also directed the BDA to take action against the engineers who permitted such a construction.The court was informed by the BDA that the private company has been \"orally asked\" to remove the marketing office built near the 30-acre complex comprising high-rise buildings.The judge also took a dig at the BDA hierarchy and sites. \"I never applied for a BDA site. It stinks. Normally, such sites are allotted to three or more persons. So I preferred to stay in a rented house. They only give such sites to ministers and their children.\"In our system, if a person is raided (by the Lokayukta), he gets a promotion. The more the raids, the more the promotions. If a person has no such raids against him, he is considered useless,\" the judge observed in a lighter vein.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17381995", "title": "Cambridge to study risks posed by robots", "text": "LONDON: The Cambridge University is set to open a centre for 'terminator studies' where leading academics will study the danger that robots pose, with experts saying in future machines may be an existential threat to humans.Its purpose will be to study the four greatest threats to the human species, artificial intelligence, climate change, nuclear war and rogue biotechnology.The Centre for the Study of Existential Risk (CSER) will be co-launched by Lord Rees, the astronomer royal and one of the world's top cosmologists, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Rees's 2003 book 'Our Final Century' had warned that the destructiveness of humanity meant that the species could wipe itself out by 2100. The idea that machines might one day take over humanity has featured in many science fiction books and films, including the Terminator, in which Arnold Schwarzenegger stars as a homicidal robot.In 1965, Irving John 'Jack' Good wrote a paper for New Scientist called 'Speculations concerning the first ultra-intelligent machine'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "17382429", "title": "Fire at second factory scares Dhaka again", "text": "DHAKA: Fire fighters on Monday doused a fresh factory fire near Dhaka, a day after one of deadliest blaze razed a readymade garments unit, killing 124 people and raising questions about the safety standards in the world's second largest garment exporting nation.Officials and witnesses said the latest fire did not claim any life as most workers jumped out, breaking safety grills in the 10-storey building housing three garment units. The fresh blaze came as the nation conducted a mass burial for victims burnt in Saturday night's fire at Tazreen Fashion as police said they had opened a \"murder case\" after the incident attributing it to \"criminal negligence\" . Thousands of workers staged a protest, demanding better protection as the two fires trapped thousands of staff forcing them to jump from upper floors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17381543", "title": "Tightrope walker-turned sports champion to coach young talents", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It is like a home coming for Rashmi Das, the record holder and champion of senior women divers and a national gymnastic champion. Das, the 32-year-old commandant in CRPF, who is in town to inaugurate the 38th National Women's Athletic Meet on Tuesday, evinced her interest to coach young talents in Odisha.\"I have one regret in my life that I could not play for Odisha ever, but I want to give coaching to talents of the state,\" she said.Rashmi, not a familiar name in the sports circle of Odisha, had left the state about 26 years ago to make a career in sports. Her journey from a small village of Nathiapalli in Nayagarh district to limelight in national sports championships started back in 1986, when she participated in Apna Utsav - a national cultural fest at New Delhi. Her acrobatic skills stunned sports enthusiasts and her unique talent was spotted by Sports Authority of India (SAI). Groomed under the methodological coaching at SAI under coach Ram Niwas, Rashmi started setting records in competitions wherever she went. It was the rise of a new star in the field of gymnastics.\"Like all girls of our community I was trained in acrobatic skills for Baunsa Rani (tightrope walking) at the age of four. I was among the luckiest few whose talent was recognized by the SAI and I could make a promising career in sports and got a job in the sports quota. But not many girls in our village are so lucky. If the state government provides me the infrastructure, I would like to train them in gymnastics and diving,\" said Rashmi, who won a gold medal in balancing beam in the sub-juniors national gymnastics championship in 1989.However, Rashmi's journey has not been without challenges. \"In 1992 the Special Area Games Scheme of SAI under which I was selected was stopped and I had to return to my village. It was a very difficult phase of my life. At home I had to perform the Baunsa Rani tricks to earn a living but due to lack of practice I could not do it properly nor did I take part in any championship,\" she recalled.In 1997, Rashmi got a constable's job with CRPF under the sports quota but she had to switch to diving from gymnastics after joining the job. \"In CRPF they gave me two choices, archery or diving, and I chose diving for my body fitness. I represented Andhra Pradesh because the state sponsored me and promised to give Rs 3 lakh to the winner. I would have played from Odisha if my state would have shown any interest in me,\" said Rashmi, who won gold in National Games 2002 and 56th Senior National Aquatics Championships 2002.A mother of two boys, Rashmi wants her sons to be sportspersons as well. \"My elder son is very good in swimming and he loves to watch me diving. I want my sons to excel in sports,\" she signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17380940", "title": "Nashik Police seek info on wedding halls to check chain snatching", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik police have begun compiling data on wedding halls in their respective jurisdictions and the weddings and other religious functions scheduled over the next few months.The idea is to deploy sufficient police personnel in and around wedding halls to prevent incidents of chain snatching. The data will help them plan a strategy to check criminal elements and traffic disruption on the busy roads along which the halls and lawns are situated.Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal has directed senior police inspectors of all police stations to take steps to keep chain snatchers at bay during such functions.Last year, there were roughly 300 incidents of chain snatchings across the city. Though chain snatching incidents near wedding halls were only a few, the police are not taking any chances as people, especially women, wear jewellery for such ceremonies.Senior police officials said that Sarkarwada, Adgaon and Ambad police stations had registered several incidents of chain snatching near wedding halls, last year. Subsequently, senior police officials like ACP Ganesh Shinde and others had visited the halls during the functions to educate women on taking care of their jewellery.Women were requested to walk in groups, keep the jewellery covered and not wear jewellery during their morning and evening walks.Sarangal said that it would be a preventive measure and the police presence would deter the criminals from acting. There are many wedding halls in the jurisdictions of Sarkarwada Police Station, Gangapur Police Station, Ambad, Indiranagar, Adgaon and Nashik Road police stations.Deploying police personnel at the wedding halls and lawns will not only prove as a deterrent for chain snatchings, but the police personnel can also keep a check that vehicles are not parked on the road by the guests at wedding ceremonies.Vehicular traffic is constantly held up on Aurangabad Road with several wedding halls and lawns situated in a four km stretch between Aurangabad naka and Nandur naka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17380532", "title": "Man booked for cheating bank", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged against a man and his associates, who had allegedly taken a Rs 15 lakh loan after forging a land sale deed and other documents.The FIR was registered on the complaint by the branch manager of Oriental Bank of Commerce branch in Sector 56, Gurgaon following the recommendation by the economic offences wing (EOW).Dalip Kumar, branch manager had lodged had said in his complaint to the city police that one Deepak Kumar and his associates had taken the loan of Rs 15 lakh from their branch in lieu of the plot. At that time the accused had produced the forged documents in the bank and managed to take the loan, but after some time we found that the papers like sale deed of plot was totally forged and they had cheated the bank. On the complaint of the bank manager, police officers assigned the inquiry of the case to the EOW, which confirmed the forgery. Police have lodged an FIR against Deepak Kumar and his associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17381610", "title": "Woman members trained in availing panchayat schemes", "text": "MYSORE: Around 100 rural women from across the district are participating in a two-day 'Panchayat committee mela' which began here on Monday.Panchayat members coming under Mahila Samakhaya Karnataka are attending the mela which is aimed at empowering them so they can be self-reliant by availing schemes and programmes. Series of programmes and lectures are being held to educate them on the facilities provided at the panachayat level. They are also being guided about the ways of availing them.Speaking to TOI, district programme cordinator Lochana B said the members know only the basic information about the facilities. \"The mela will help them with a deeper understanding of the facilities, and also help them get their works done,\" Lochana added.\"Though grants are provided, works are not completed at panchayat level. When people approach the authorities, they are denied information. In this mela, we train the members in getting their work done,\" she added.Speaking at the inaugural, ZP chief planning officer H S Vasundara Devi said: \"Yatra naryastu pujyante, ramante, tatra devataha, meaning we are born in a country where woman is worshipped. It is believed that gods reside where woman is respected.\"\"Development of any country is possible only when there is equality between the two sexes. Equality in society leads to development. Development of a country is not decided by its money power. It is decided on the lines of intelligence of people, especially of those at grassroots level,\" she added.\"A woman is known for her patience and sacrifice. These qualities are imbibed from her mother. Another quality which makes her stand apart is determination. Women empowerment is the need of the hour,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380288", "title": "Soon, disaster management lanes on Delhi roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: By the end of this year, at least 160 roads in the city will have a dedicated \"disaster management lane\". Driving on these lanes during any disaster will be a punishable offence.The 3.5-meter-wide lanes, to be painted blue, will be on the extreme right side of the road. On routine days, the lanes will be open for traffic; however, in case of any disaster a siren will be used to alert people. Following the siren, the lanes will have to be immediately cleared by the public for the use of emergency vehicles like ambulances, PCR vans, fire tenders etc.The proposal has been prepared by the Delhi Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) as part of Delhi Emergency Management Exercise and already been approved by Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit . \"We have sent the proposal to the transport department which will notify it and decide the provisions and details of the penalties to be imposed upon the offenders,\" said Dharampal, divisional commissioner and principal secretary, DDMA. He also said the department is hoping to get the project in place latest by December-end.As per the proposal, the 160-odd roads have been picked up from across the city keeping in view parameters like their closeness to important places such as offices of district and sub-divisional commissioners, fire stations, hospitals, etc. Each district was asked to give details about important routes on their arterial roads.To create awareness on the proposal, DDMA has roped in cricketer Virender Sehwag who would be heard on all FM channels promoting the project. \"It has been noticed that during disasters, emergency services fail to reach the spot on time as people lack sensitivity towards making way for them. One of the main aims of the project is to sensitize and educate people on the subject,\" said Dharampal.The proposal was prepared in discussion with National Disaster Management Authority of India and other stakeholders like fire and health departments. To check the feasibility of the project, DDMA plans to hold mock drills soon after its implementation. \"Mock drill will help us check the shortcomings and will also prepare the public for future,\" said a senior government officer.Times ViewIf the idea of having a disaster lane is merely to allow emergency services like ambulances and fire engines priority passage when they need it, it seems very limited. Even at the moment, other vehicles are supposed to give them right of way when they turn on their sirens and flashing lights. So how would the proposed move make things any better? What we really need is to raise awareness among ordinary citizens that they should make way for these vehicles accompanied by fines where they don't do so. As things stand, lane discipline is merrily flouted with two-wheelers and even four-wheelers, for instance, occupying bicycle lanes when they feel like it. Unless this culture is changed, the proposed disaster lane might prove a meaningless gesture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17380150", "title": "BBMP click-starts new strategy", "text": "BANGALORE: The 550-odd BBMP health inspectors and environment engineers have an unviable task: Hit the roads at 6 am and upload pictures of uncleared garbage in their jurisdiction.They must take pictures as early as 6.30 am and upload them in the designated folder of BBMP website through Android phones provided to them. They must also take pictures of the garbage cleared at the same spot and upload them so that the BBMP commissioner and other higher-ups can monitor the work.This is Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike's latest strategy to tackling the garbage crisis. Of the 198 wards, the system is in place in 148 already. The real time garbage management system came into effect on November 15 after the high court pulled up BBMP for its mismanagement of the garbage crisis.How does it work? As and when the photo is posted on the website, the geo-stamped location information can be verified. The next process will be the alert that goes to the health inspector concerned to clear the mess and upload the picture of the cleaned-up area at the earliest. Soon, public too can take pictures of garbage heaps, potholes, faulty street lights and post them on the designated BBMP portal.\"Without a monitoring system in place, there would be no reference point for measuring quantity and quality of work. Identifying improvement areas and areas of concern could have not been done. Verifying if a contractor has at least met the tender expectations is a must which can be done easily through this system,'' said BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17381550", "title": "Endosulfan victims look towards Belgaum session", "text": "MANGALORE: Disappointed and angered by the nonchalant attitude of the state government in announcing compensation to victims of endosulfan poisoning, the Endosulfan Virodhi Horatta Samiti has warned of relaunching the agitation if the state fails to announce any relief at the Belgaum session. The samiti had cancelled its 'Rajdhani Chalo Yatra' on Rajyotsava Day following assurances that a suitable compensation package would be announced after the survey.Samiti president Sridhar Gowda, who is visually impaired due to alleged endosulfan poisoning, said: \"Health minister Aravind Limbavali had promised that a package better than the Kerala package will be announced by November-end, after holding a high-level meeting in Bangalore before the survey in affected areas is conducted. It is surprising there is no indication of any announcement in this regard even after the survey was competed a month back.\"Sridhar alleged the survey was not done with sincerity and the many areas given in the list were not covered. \"There are people suffering in Thothathady, Nekkilady, Kanyadi. There are many areas in the three villages under Bariya panchayat left out in the survey. The survey was based on partial information given by Karnataka Cashew Development Corporation. The district administration has not responded to our letters regarding this,'' he added.The samiti wants Rs 5 lakh compensation for each of the affected, Rs 3,000 monthly honorarium, permanent rehabilitation centres in each taluk, day care centre for a cluster of three villages and antyodaya ration benefits for affected families. Sridhar said no amount of compensation will alleviate the suffering of the victims. \"The compensation will at least allow the families to cope with the tragedy and look after the victims,'' he said urging people's representatives to take up their cause at the Belgaum session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17379782", "title": "AP State Wakf board crippled by shortage of staff", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP State Wakf Board (APSWB) which is often lambasted for its shoddy work says that unless trained and sufficient workers are hired the situation at the board will not improve and the work backlog will continue to increase.While a section of experts are talking about creating a national Wakf Administrative Service on the lines of IAS and IPS, the APSWB's strength has been steadily declining since 1998. The staff strength was earlier around 240 and now is an insufficient 182 across the state. There has been government moratorium on the hiring of fresh staff. \"When you are perennially short of staff and the workload increases regularly what else would you expect the result to be,\" asked an expert who has been associated with the board for the last two decades.According to sources in APSWB, the staff strength is 120 in the Hyderabad office to keep an eye on the tens of thousands of Wakf properties across the state. Further, there is only one Wakf inspector for Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy districts. The staff crunch has affected every department of the board and especially the survey department. APSWB officials pointed out that at least six inspectors are required in Hyderabad district alone and that there should be one per revenue division across the state. \"We require an additional staff of at least 50 people to shed the work load. Staff shortage has led to files piling up. We need five or six Wakf inspectors for Ranga Reddy district. Further, 30 per cent of the present staff is inefficient. We also require computer operators for routine work,\" an APSWB officer said. Describing the government's attitude towards the APSWB as non-cooperative,Officials also pointed out that around 40 positions of deceased and retired employees remain vacant and there is a pressing need of filling them up.\"Technically the government should approve of the cadre strength within 90 days of us writing to it. We have written to the government on many occasions but they have written back to us, for example on the 87th day, highlighting a query thereby putting off the request for some more time,\" said a board member.He added that the approval from the government was not required for increasing cadre strength in Wakf Act of 1954.The appointment of outsourced enquiry officers on a meagre sum of around Rs 3,000 was required to be revised, he said.\"Though around 20 outsourced staff has been hired recently, they are either retired employees and are clerical or maintenance personnel. Also, the outsourced staff have to be trained in Wakf matters,\" said a board member.Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani, chairman, APSWB said that they had written to the government a few times. \"I will be meeting Dana Kishore, secretary Minorities Welfare Department, this week to discuss the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17381654", "title": "Madurai corporation gets Rs 116 crore", "text": "MADURAI: Work on cleaning channels and laying of underground drainage system will resume in Madurai as the Tamil Nadu government has released Rs 116 crores to the Madurai corporation.Talking to reporters, V V Rajan Chellappa, mayor, said that the corporation received Rs 116 crore from the state government for resumption of works under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).The works were stalled since the corporation's share was not spent. The previous government had not released the required fund for the Madurai corporation to carryout the project.The corporation approached chief minister J Jayalalithaa for funds with a detailed project report on the pending works. The CM allocated Rs 250 crore to Madurai corporation from the state fund, of which 116 crore had been released in the first phase, he said.R Nanthagopal, corporation commissioner, said that out of seven drainage channels in the city, three would be given preference and would be completed in the first phase. The underground drainage system left incomplete will also be completed. He hoped the second instalment from the state government would be released by April 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17380680", "title": "Flip-flop by KG boy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s parents in molesting case", "text": "Police are investigating a case in which parents of a kindergarten student first filed a complaint alleging molestation by a Ghaziabad school security guard, but later withdrew it and filed a second one stating that the guard assaulted them. Indirapuram SHO Gorakhnath Yadav said, \"After the second complaint, we have register an FIR of assault against the security guard, who has been arrested.\"The school spokesperson said that the boy's father had reached the school and started thrashing the guard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17381569", "title": "Women's soccer coach courts controversy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: State women's football team coach Sarita Jayanti Behera has landed in trouble following allegation that she had forged a document to renew her passport. The state sports department has started an inquiry into the complaint by Sarita's former landlord Rajen Choudhury and temporarily put on hold the process of according NOC (no-objection certificate) to her for getting the passport.Choudhury had lodged a complaint on October 1, 2012 with the regional passport office here alleging that Sarita furnished a bogus address proof by faking her father's signature on a house rent agreement on December 7, 2011. He said Sarita's family, who had been staying at his house on rent in Nayapally area since early 2007, had left the house in 2008.\"I came to know about the fraud only in September this year from a friend, who showed me a photo copy of the agreement. Shocked, I lodged a complaint against her in Nayapally police station here on September 25,\" Choudhury said. \"But police have still not given me a copy of the FIR. Police refused to register a case,\" he added.Nayapally inspector in-charge Anup Kanungo said police are still verifying the charges against Sarita. \"Choudhury gave us a photo copy of the house rent agreement. We cannot make progress until we get the original agreement to substantiate his allegation,\" Kanungo said. \"We had attempted to crosscheck from the passport office whether she furnished any such rent agreement in original. But we have not yet received any correspondence from them,\" Kanungo said.Last month, Choudhury drew the attention of the sports department about the forgery. About a week ago, sports director D V Swamy summoned Sarita and Choudhury and heard their versions. But Swamy refused to divulge the details of the meeting. \"The inquiry is on. I cannot disclose anything,\" said Swamy, adding, \"For the time being, we (the department) have not cleared NOC for her passport till the probe is over.\"While Sarita was immediately not available for comment, her father Kanhu Charan Behera rebuffed the charges. \"She did not forge any document, nor did she submit fake address proof in the passport office. Somebody must be trying to falsely implicate her in the case,\" Behera said.Significantly, Sarita's appointment as junior coach of the football had courted controversy in May 2012 after another aspirant had accused her of producing fake experience certificate to get the job. Sarita, a veteran soccer player, had refuted the allegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17382022", "title": "'24X7 safe watersupply in 2 years'", "text": "PATNA: Urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar on Monday said the government would ensure 24X7 supply of safe drinking water to all households in Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) area within the next two years.Kumar said this after holding a review meeting with senior officials on the issue of supply of safe drinking water to the state capital. He said a water treatment plant, 25 tubewells and 72 water towers would be constructed to supply water to about 16.83 lakh people residing in 72 wards of Patna and several kilometres of pipeline would also be laid down for the same. A gauge would be used to measure the supply of 135 litres of drinking water per person per day and the scheme would ensure supply of 325 million litre of water per day (MLD).The minister said, \"The city has been divided into northern and southern part, keeping the Delhi-Howrah main rail line as the border. The 47 wards of the northern part would receive 220 MLD drinking water treated from the Ganga river from the water treatment plant that would be constructed at Digha.\" He added, \"The 25 wards of South Patna would be provided 105.5 MLD of drinking water through tubewells.\"The joint initiative by the central and state governments would see a total expenditure of Rs 548 crore, of which Rs 476 crore would be spent for infrastructure to supply drinking water and Rs 72 crore for maintenance over the next 10 years, the minister stated.Kumar said, \"The execution of the project has been assigned to a special purpose vehicle (SPV) company under BUIDCo. \"Named Patna Water Supply Distribution Network Private Limited, it would complete the work before April 1, 2014 and the company would be looking after the maintenance of the project for the next 10 years.\" The minister added that the venture would employ very advanced technology.The meeting was attended by managing director, BUIDCo, Patna Municipal Commissioner, additional municipal commissioner, PMC, and several other officials of the urban development department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17383662", "title": "Incomplete road work turns ring road into a killer stretch", "text": "MYSORE: It has been over six months now that a segment of ring road asphalting work near Bogadi junction was left incomplete. Result: frequent road accidents, including fatal ones. This apart, the incomplete work is affecting the smooth flow of traffic through the junction.Recently, Bogadi residents and local businessmen staged a protest, accusing the authorities of negligence, because of which road users are being inconvenienced. They charged Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda), the contractor concerned and police department for the accidents near the junction and held them responsible for the same.Work on one side of the road has been asphalted, while a stretch on the other is left incomplete. Muda, which is developing the road, has allegedly remained silent, while the contractor has stopped work over pending bills. The police have neither deployed a cop at the junction nor installed caution signs at vulnerable points.P Dinesh, a local businessman, claimed that an accident claimed two lives a few weeks ago. A week later, another vehicle user was killed in the accident. As the work on only one side of double road is finished, motorists use the asphalted part of stretch, on which there are no caution boards and traffic signs.\"Our enquiries have revealed that the contractor has stopped the work following non-payment of bills to the tune of crores. The road asphalting project was taken up some six months ago, but the contractor stopped the work a few months after taking it up. The situation at this junction is turning worse. \"The work on 400m stretch of road towards northern direction and on about 800m in southern direction from Bogadi road junction is to be complete,\" claimed the businessman.\"This junction is unsafe for small vehicle users because heavy vehicles users drive hastily,\" says Umesh, a resident of Bogadi. Traffic during night is heavy and using this road is unsafe, especially for two-wheeler riders. Over a period, the junction has turned into a dusty stretch.A traffic police officer blamed the unfinished work for the accidents. The cop, however, said that it's difficult to manage traffic at Bogadi junction -- in its present condidtion -- with just one constable. When contacted, Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath said that the project should have been completed six months ago, \"but the same is being delayed due to technical reasons\". \"We have directed the contractor to finish the incomplete work by December,\" he said.The commissioner, however, claimed that accidents are happening for reasons other than incomplete works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17380120", "title": "Comrade-in-arms joins tribute to Major Sandeep", "text": "BANGALORE: It was an occasion for the city to pay tributes to its son who paid with his life defending the nation four years ago. But Major Sandeep Unnikrishnan's father ensured the heroism of another soldier who fought alongside the 26/11 martyr didn't go unsung.After a bust of the major was unveiled at Ramamurthy Nagar Junction of Outer Ring Road on Monday morning on the fourth anniversary of the Mumbai terror attacks, K Unnikrishnan said: \"On this memorial, Sandeep's last words have been engraved ('Don't come up. I will handle them'). I was told his last order was so fierce that even though his men wanted to, they didn't go up.\"And then he said: \"We have among us one man who fought alongside Sandeep. I'm not sure if he is willing to come on stage or speak but I'd like to invite Commando Akhilesh to the stage.\"A man got up and walked up to Unnikrishnan. They exchanged a few words and the father encouraged the commando to say a few words. But Akhilesh, who didn't divulge his name or rank, didn't say anything and left the stage.When mediapersons approached him later, Akhilesh, currently with MEG &amp; Centre here, said, \"Sorry, I don't have the privileges to talk to media.\" Akhilesh was posted here two years ago at the culmination of a four-year stint with the National Security Guard (NSG).Based on authoritative accounts, TOI has learnt Sandeep's last words were said to Akhilesh, who was part of the major's 12-member team at Taj Mahal Hotel in Mumbai on November 27, 2008.After rescuing some hostages from the 9th floor, the team regrouped in the lobby. A call to the landline of the hotel reception said there were more hostages on the 5th and 6th floors. As the team cleared the two floors and moved towards the 4th floor, the NSG men encountered a terrorist.One team member was injured in the firing. Sandeep pulled the injured man back, ordered his team to evacuate him and went in pursuit of the terrorist. As the team pulled their injured colleague down the stairs, they could hear every burst of submachine gun fire countered by the AK-47. After a while, only the AK-47's gunfire was audible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17382114", "title": "Slump costs Adityapur Industrial Area Rs 20cr a day", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: After a temporary revival of about three months, the ancillary units of global auto major Tata Motors, in the adjoining industrial town of Adityapur are back in the doldrums, owing to the slump in the economy. Uncertainties loom large with many of these units painting a rather uninspiring picture about the next few months of the current financial year. The drop in production has left several industrial workers jobless. The next six months will continue to remain sluggish, ancillary owners believe.\"Automobile industry derives most of its momentum from the mining and infrastructure sector. But the economic slowdown has adversely affected the two sectors, spoiling our business consequently,\" said Santosh Khetan, general secretary, Adityapur Small Industries Association (ASIA).The Union government is likely to come out with big ticket investment plans for the infrastructure sector in the next fiscal. Till then, things are likely to remain unchanged. \"The 2013-14 budget is the last one from the UPA-II government and we believe they will have major investment plans for mining and infrastructure and have plans to announce sops for small industries in their last year in office,\" said Khetan.Of the 1,000 odd ancillaries, over 70% units are running in single shift, while some have closed down temporarily. \"For the time being, in the absence of fulltime work, we are paying moderate wages to idle workers. We cannot go on in this manner for too long,\" cautioned an industry owner.Adityapur Industrial Zone is losing about Rs 20 crore a day owing to cuts in the average daily production. The scenario in the ancillaries belt was more or less the same in the first six months of the 2012 calendar year. However, following work orders from Tata Motors in August the prolonged lull was checked but the revival could only be sustained till October.\"We have always said production is linked to the demand in market, therefore, the current status in the company reflects the contemporary scene in both the domestic and international market,\" said a senior functionary of the Tata Motors.Tata Motors has cut down its daily average production of trucks from over 12000 to few thousands and has also undertaken block closure early this month keeping in mind the waning demand for commercial vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17383561", "title": "Man dies, but clueless wife lay next to body for 2 nights", "text": "MYSORE: A senior citizen was found dead, supposedly due to heart attack, at his home in Gokulam under VV Puram police limits here on Monday.According to police, he might have died two days ago. But it came to light only on Monday after the neighbours alerted them following foul smell.Police have identified the deceased as Kunnaiah, 78, a retired statistical officer. Surprisingly, Kunnaiah's wife Chandramma, 68, who, according to police is having neurological problems -- has spent two nights with the body without informing anyone. They are living here since several years, and Chandramma was under treatment.VV police inspector Prakash said Chandramma was lying next to her dead husband when they opened the door following a tip-off from their neighbours around 8am. He said Kunnaiah, a diabetic, too was not well for the past few days, and that he may have died due to heart failure. His body was shifted to MMCRI mortuary. Chandramma is being treated at a hospital. According to Kunnaiah's nephew Ramesh, who lives in Malavalli, the couple didn't have children. Ramesh is the son of Kunnaiah's brother Chandrappa. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17382181", "title": "Four arrested in Godhra murder case", "text": "VADODARA: Panchmahal police cracked the mystery behind the two beheaded bodies found in the forest near Godhra. The bodies were identified and it transpired that the double murders were committed because of an extra-marital affair between one of the accused and the wife of a victim.The headless bodies were found in Dholi forest by a forest beat guard on Sunday morning. The police had focused their investigations on identifying the murder victims as no witnesses to the murder were available immediately.It transpired that Jesinh Dhira Daira and his brother Sana had been missing from the Bhamaiya village in Godhra taluka. The relatives of the victims were shown the bodies without head by the police and they could identify them.The investigators also came to know that the missing duo was last spotted with Suresh Bhikha Daira from their village. He operates a small passenger van in the village. The police also came to know that Jesinh's wife Daxa had an affair with his distant cousin Rangit Virsinh Daira.It was because of this affair that Rangit got separated from his wife. Rangit and deceased Jaisinh also had a quarrel over the affair recently. Investigations revealed that Jesinh's buffalo had taken ill and he asked Suresh to come with his van so that he and his brother could go to a witch doctor to ensure that the buffalo got well.The police claim that it was Suresh who informed Rangit about Jesinh's movements and a conspiracy was hatched to kill him. Rangit was joined in this by Ashok Chandu Baria, Arvind Budha Patel, Rajesh Pratap Patel and Laxman Bhikha Daira besides Suresh.Officials said Rangit, Ashok, Arvind and Suresh were rounded up and questioned. They revealed that the victims and the accused first had liquor together at Chanchelav after which the victims were taken to the murder spot and strangled to death. While \"Suresh returned to the village after this, others returned to the murder spot to severe the necks of the two victims and carried their heads and clothes to Orvada pond. The heads and clothes were disposed off in the foliage near the pond,\" said deputy superintendent of police V K Jadeja, who supervised the probe.Accused dies in mishapWhile the Panchmahal police arrested four accused, two others - Rajesh Patel and Laxman Bhikha Daira - brother of arrested accused Suresh, were on the run. As fate would have had it, Laxman - a resident of Bhamaiya - died in a road mishap near Parabdi on the outskirts of Godhra. \"We were about to dispatch teams for his arrest when the sarpanch of Bhamaiya village informed us that he had died in an accident,\" said deputy superintendent of police VK Jadeja, who is probing the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17381051", "title": "Indian-origin hedge fund manager Mathew Martoma freed on $5 million bond", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian-origin hedge fund portfolio manager, charged with participating in one of the \"most lucrative\" insider trading schemes ever, has been released on a five million dollar bail after he appeared in Manhattan federal court here.Mathew Martoma, 38, appeared in a brief court hearing yesterday before US magistrate Judge James Cott and was informed of his rights as a criminal defendant.Martoma, who was arrested last week at his home in Boca Raton, Florida, did not enter any plea and the judge set a next court hearing of December 26.Martoma has been charged with using material, non-public information that he received from a doctor on the clinical trial of an Alzheimer's disease drug to make profits and avoid losses for his hedge fund in an amount totaling approximately 276 million dollars.The US Securities and Exchange Commission have also filed a civil insider trading case against him on similar charges.A Stanford University graduate, Martoma is the son of Indian immigrants and was born Ajai Mathew Mariamdani Thomas. He later changed his name in 2003.Under the new bail requirements, Martoma would have to post two million dollars in cash or property by next week.While free on bail, his movements will be restricted within the US.Manhattan's top federal prosecutor Preet Bharara had last week brought the charges against Martoma, who had worked with CR Intrinsic Investors, an affiliate of SAC Capital Advisors. SAC is owned by hedge fund titan Steven Cohen, who is among one of the richest men in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ramallah", "code": "17384232", "title": "Yasser Arafat's tomb dug up", "text": "RAMALLAH: Palestinian engineers on Tuesday dug up the tomb of late leader Yasser Arafat to take samples from his remains for poison tests, sources said.The head of the Palestinian committee investigating Arafat's death, Tawfiq Tirawi, was present during the digging beside investigators and experts from Switzerland, France and Russia, Xinhua quoted sources as saying.Arafat's remains are still in the tomb, the sources said, adding that they will be exhumed and moved to a mosque near the tomb in the Palestinian presidency's Ramallah headquarters.Tight security measures were taken to ensure the secrecy of the process.The investigation aims to find out if Arafat's death in a French hospital Nov 11, 2004, resulted from poisoning. The Palestinians suspect that Israel had poisoned Arafat when he was besieged in his Ramallah headquarters before falling ill.Earlier this year, Swiss experts tested Arafat's personal belongings as part of a documentary aired by Al-Jazeera, the Doha-based TV channel. The report cited the Institute of Radiation Physics as saying that traces of radioactive polonium-210 were found on Arafat's underwear and toothbrush.Arafa's widow, Suha, filed a civil lawsuit at a French hospital asking for a murder investigation into her husband's death. The Palestinian leadership also decided to bring in the Russians for more credible inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380452", "title": "RLD seeks remunerative MSP of wheat in country", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Rashtriya Lok Dal has sought the government to declare remunerative minimum support price for wheat in order to augment the production of wheat in the country. RLD national general secretary, Jayant Chaudhary said that the MSP for various rabi crops has been increased this year. But ironically, the Commission For Agricultural Costs And Prices (CACP) has recommended freezing wheat MSP at last year level.\"The crop is a major component of our PDS. Given the increased cost of living in the rural areas, the price of diesel and fertilizers, farmers are looking to the government for relief,\" Chaudhary said. The RLD leader expressed his concern over the inadequate storage and a highly controlled export policy that is often being blamed for rotting of wheat in government storage facilities.Meanwhile, in a separate development, RLD chief Ajit Singh has nominated former MLA Mithilesh Pal as the president of RLD's women cell.tnn Likewise, Ashraf Ali Khan has been nominated as the president of the RLD's UP west unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17381823", "title": "Assam 3rd in 'procurement of minor girls'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam is fast earning the label of being unsafe for children especially for the minor girls, with a spurt in the number of cases of 'procurement of minor girls' in 2011.According to the latest National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) report on crime against children, Assam stood at the third position in the country with 142 cases of 'procurement of minor girls'. West Bengal topped the list with 298 cases followed by Bihar (183).\"A total of 236 cases of crimes against children were registered. Apart from cases of procurement of minor girls, 29 cases of abduction or kidnapping of children in Assam were also registered in 2011,\" said the report.Countrywide, about 33,098 cases of crimes against children were reported in 2011 as compared to 26,694 in 2010, suggesting an increase of 24 per cent. Among the crimes registered under the Indian Penal Code, a number of cases under 'procurement of minor girls' increased from 679 in 2010 to 862 in 2011 in the country.Besides, the local office of Childline, the country's most widespread children's phone emergency outreach service, added crime against children has risen constantly, especially in growing cities like Guwahati.\"Since April this year, we have rescued almost 330 childrenin various problems. Most of them are victims of child labour and trafficking. Many children from rural areas are trafficked in the name of job and education and they are engaged in coal, mine and hotel industries,\" said Nirmal Deka, coordinator of Childline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381110", "title": "Limited seats, lucrative career options make course popular", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Many young medial graduates, particularly dentists, are taking up the forensic dentistry or forensic odontology courses offered by Panjab University.While teachers claim that students are drawn towards a lucrative career, experts in the field hold stiff competition in dental studies as a reason. \"With limited MDS seats and high competition, students are drawn to other streams and this is also one of the reasons for a large number of applications,\" says Pathak. Dr Shweta, a faculty at the PU forensic science department, says, \"We witnessed several dental students coming up to us in the department and expressing their desire to pursue this course.\"She added, \"Some of them wish to become forensic experts for solving criminal cases through dentistry.\"A first-year masters degree student said: \"I have been very interested in joining forensic science. Since there is a very tough competition for masters degree in dentistry and there are limited seats, students are attracted towards forensic odontology.\" Her own reason for joining the course at Panjab University was her interest in solving tricky criminal cases through the study of forensic dentistry. She added the element of thrill and excitement in this study was also a reason that made her take up the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17380787", "title": "Indore can outdo other IT destinations: Ramdas Kamath", "text": "INDORE: Satisfied with policy and upbeat with the pro-activeness of the state government, IT giants including, TCS and Infosys, believe that in the coming years the state, especially Indore, will be in a position to compete with the well-known IT destinations in the country.They stressed that Madhya Pradesh is the future destination of IT companies and the prime reason for they being in the state.\"Information Technology sector can be a success in a state that has a very good pool of manpower. We are confident to get a very good manpower from Indore,\" senior vice-president of Infosys Ramdas Kamath said after meeting the officials from different departments here on Monday. He added that the progress of IT sector is expected to be very fast in Indore. It, however, depends on circumstances and social and educational environment too.Kamath stressed that Indore can outdo other IT destinations as other cities like Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and Mumbai are on the verge of saturation.Madhya Pradesh in general and Indore in particular are likely to emerge as the new IT hubs, he said.Kamath said facilities given by the state government is very encouraging and now its their turn to set up their projects soon.\"Land deals have been signed during investors' meet recently and now we are looking for getting mandatory approvals. After getting all the approval, we will submit our plan and work is expected to start in next three to four months,\"Kamath said while clarifying that they have no plan to start temporary work from Crystal IT park and then shift to their project site to Super Corridor.\"There is a confusion in the SEZ Act and shifting office from Crystal IT park to Super Corridor will be a complex issue. Thus, we have decided to start our work from the place allotted to us at Super Corridor,\" Kamath said.Project officer of TCS Praveen Kumar said the work is in advanced stage and now they are working on getting mandatory approval. He added that the state government has set up a single window system for giving all the approvals. \"A nodal officer has been appointed through which we will get all the approvals,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17381084", "title": "Oommen Chandy to inaugurate Kozhikode corporation jubilee", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the year-long golden jubilee celebrations of the Kozhikode corporation at a function to be held at the Kozhikode beach open air stadium on November 30. Renowned Malayalam writer M T Vasudevan Nair will be felicitated on the occasion, said mayor A K Premajam.Speaking to media persons here on Monday, mayor said that the civic body will felicitate former mayors. M K Raghavan MP will be the chief guest on the occasion.Unveiling various programmes for the year-long golden jubilee celebrations the mayor said that the corporation is planning to set up an advanced treatment plant for the disposal of waste. \"The plant will be set up at Njeliyanparamba with the help of the state government. A preliminary talk in this regard has already been held with urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhi Ali,\" said the mayor. The civic body will also resume the Sait Nagjee Trophy Football and is planning to conduct the match in March or April, 2013, said the mayor.A golden jubilee block adjacent to the existing corporation building office at the beach is another project of the city corporation. The old corporation building will be preserved as a heritage structure.The mayor said the civic body will also prepare a cake on January 1, 2013 to find a place in the Guinness books of world records. \"Decision on the size and venue of making cake will be made soon,\" said the mayor.The civic body is also planning to bring out a postal cover to mark the golden jubilee year and a discussion in this regard has already held with the officials of the postal department,\" said the mayor. A multi-level parking plaza has also been planned at Indoor stadium, said the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381866", "title": "Helmet must for school students", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District magistrate Raj Shekhar on Monday asked school managements and principals to ensure that students coming to school on their two-wheelers should wear helmets in all circumstances. He added that wearing helmet has been made mandatory for the students.He also added that students should also have valid driving licence with them and asked educational institutions to ensure a proper parking slot at school/college campus. There should be regular checking of driving licences and helmets and school authorities should have adequate details in this regard.The DM further asked the station officers and traffic police authorities to ensure that all the students must wear helmet while driving two-wheelers. He added that parents and guardians should also check whether their wards were having valid driving license and wearing helmets and the details would be submitted to DM office by December 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379129", "title": "SC to CMs: Resolve Cauvery water row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday requested the chief ministers of Tamil Nadu and Karnataka to hold talks along with experts to find an amicable solution to the vexed dispute over sharing of Cauvery river water which lands up before the top court year after year.A bench of Justices D K Jain and Madan B Lokur did not issue any direction to the states but kept the matter for further hearing on Friday to know the feasibility and time schedule for a possible meeting between the two CMs.The bench said resolution of the issue needed free and frank discussions between the chief ministers in a congenial atmosphere with a give and take approach without getting bogged down by inhibitions, apprehensions or attempting to protract the meeting aimed at finding out \"who should blink first\".The bench said the issue had been agitated before the court and the Cauvery River Authority for years without any permanent solution. \"A lasting solution could come not from court orders or CRA directions but from one found amicably by the two states,\" it said.Appearing for Tamil Nadu, senior advocate C S Vaidyanathan said he had to seek instructions from the state on the court's suggestion. Though senior advocate Fali S Nariman said he too had no instruction from Karnataka, he would urge the CM to agree to the meeting.\"This is a very good suggestion from the court that the chief ministers must meet meaningfully to break the ice and remove the bottlenecks. I will assure the court that Karnataka chief minister will agree for a meeting with his Tamil Nadu counterpart on the issue,\" he said.The bench said, \"The CMs must meet in a congenial atmosphere to subserve the larger interests of farmers in their states. It must not be a meeting just for the sake of it but a meaningful dialogue assisted by experts from both sides.\"When Vaidyanathan said there was a huge shortfall in the release of Cauvery waters by upper riparian Karnataka and alleged that Tamil Nadu farmers were staring at the possible failure of the second crop, the bench said if the chief ministers did not make an attempt to find a solution to this problem, it would continue to be one application after the other from both states without anyone moving closer to a permanent solution.Vaidyanathan accused the Centre of shrugging off its responsibility in finding a permanent solution to the dispute. But the bench said, \"It is best that the state chief ministers talk and find a solution. We cannot be asking the Cauvery River Authority headed by the prime minister to meet often.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17383834", "title": "Lindsay Lohan feels bullied", "text": "Actress Lindsay Lohan feels bullied by the constant attention surrounding her personal life. She thinks other stars would have crumbled under the pressure and speculation.The 26-year-old, who has endured five stints in rehab and been arrested six times in recent years, feels lucky not to have committed suicide.\"Since I was a kid, I have loved being on camera. Don't misconstrue that; I didn't strive to have flashbulbs at dinner. I feel bullied. I can't think of any actor, who has been subjected to such extreme publicity who hasn't, like, committed suicide,\" femalefirst.co.uk quoted Lohan as saying.However, she believes her past experiences made her perfect for her latest role as Dame Elizabeth Taylor in the film \"Liz and Dick\".She insists she has always taken a more professional approach to her work than the late star.\"Everything I've gone through made me ready to play Liz,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17379755", "title": "Wrong ones which let Team India down at Wankhede", "text": "England's spinners struck gold at Wankhede in Mumbai while India's tweakers failed to replicate the impact they made in the first Test at Motera in Ahmedabad...Pace: The Indian spinners bowled at a 'pace' that suited the Motera pitch more than Mumbai. Bowling slow, loopy deliveries was not wise at all. Swann and Panesar, despite moderate experience in these conditions, got the pace of the pitch right and reaped plenty out of a surface that had both bounce and bite.Length: Traditionally, the Wankhede pitch rewards spinners who make the batsman drive. Swann and Panesar got most of their wickets that way - forcing the batsmen to go for the drive. Their Indian counterparts, on the other hand, allowed Alastair Cook to camp on the back foot and thrive!Field Placings: Ask any spinner whether he would love to bowl six deliveries to a batsman, or run up to the crease and find a new player every ball, and he will inevitably say 'yes' to the first question. When Cook and KP were putting on that big 200-plus stand for the third wicket, the strike changed every second ball and put the Indian spinners off. Captain Dhoni's field placings were also poor. Instead of forcing the batsmen to take a risk, he set curiously deep fields. As a result, singles came far too easily. He also made too many bowling changes - on the third morning, he made 10 bowling changes!Action-reaction: If you analyse the bowling actions of Swann and Panesar, you will find that they do a lot more with the ball than the Indian spinners. That allows them to put more revs on the ball which allows it to kick and bounce. Indian spinners look more content with bowling doosras, the so-called 'mystery balls' and what not...No stock ball: The great Shane Warne once said he bowls his leg-spinner 99 times out of 100. Only when they started landing perfectly, did he start experimenting with googlies and top-spinners. Both Swann and Panesar believe in that old school maxim and the variations that they produce - like the drifter from Swann that got rid of Pujara, or the armball from Panesar to Tendulkar - generally surprise batsmen and produce wickets. Ashwin, in particular, was guilty of experimenting too much. That approach, an offshoot of T20, may fetch you wickets in IPL, but not Tests. In Tests, you need six balls at one spot to put pressure on the batsman.Spinners capturing 19 wickets in a Test against India  Wickets  Bowlers &amp; Wickets  Opposition  Venue  Series  Result   19  Hilton (4/32 + 5/61) Tattersall (6/48 + 2/77) Robertson (2/17)  England  Kanpur  1951-52  England (by 8 wickets)  19  Pollard (2/36 + 3/21) Howarth (4/66 + 5/34) Yuile (1/41) Burgess (3/23 + 1/18)  New Zealand  Nagpur  1969-70  New Zealand (167 runs)  19  Mendis (4/72 + 4/60 Murali (5/84 + 6/26)  Sri Lanka  SSC  2008  SL (Innings &amp; 239 runs)  19  Panesar (5/129 + 6/81) Swann (4/70 + 4/43)  England  Mumbai  2012-13  England (by 10 wickets)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379415", "title": "Man featured in Aamir Khan's show on honour killing murdered", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five months after a young couple appeared on Aamir Khan's television show, Satyamev Jayate, and talked about the threat to their lives because they had married without their parents' consent, the man was shot dead near his village in western Uttar Pradesh on Thursday evening, allegedly by his wife's brothers.Abdul Hakim , 28, and his 26-year-old wife Mehwish, both Muslims hailing from families with different social standing, had been living under the protection of an NGO in Delhi since May last year. About 15 days ago, Hakim and his wife, who is nine months pregnant, went to meet his ailing mother near Adoli village in Bulandshahr district. He was shot there, while on his way home from the local police station.The couple, who were neighbours at Adoli, ran away together two years ago after marrying secretly in June 2009. According to Mehwish, her family was opposed to the match because Hakim was poor and belonged to the 'lower' Fakir community. Hakim's father was earlier allegedly killed by Mehwish's family in the village, although it was shown as suicide in police records.\"They would not let us live in peace and now they have taken their revenge,\" she said on Monday.\"The couple was scared even before coming to the show,\" Aamir Khan told reporters in Jaipur. \"We didn't force anyone to come to the show. The incident is highly unfortunate and shameful.\"UP police, meanwhile, have spun an elaborate theory saying the killing was an act of \"personal enmity\" going back to the time when the couple was in Delhi. But Mehwish and her Delhi-based shelter-providers, Love Commandos, said it was a clear case of murder involving her brothers.Bulandshahr circle officer Lal S Yadav said Hakim was a victim of a family feud that had its roots in Delhi. \"The girl's family had come to accept the marriage. Nothing indicates this murder is linked to the couple's marriage,\" he claimed.Yadav added that Hakim's nephew, Salman, had entered into a brawl on June 6 and the alleged killers wanted him to take back the police case lodged against them. \"Hakim's death was a result of this feud,\" said Yadav.The couple, after a 12-year courtship, had secretly married on June 5, 2009. They kept living with their respective parents till Mehwish's family fixed her marriage for November 11, 2010. The couple then eloped on October 29. Till then, exchanging letters across a brick wall was the only source of communication between the two.Mehwish's family then announced a bounty on the couple's capture. In May 2011, the pair started living in a shelter in Delhi provided by Love Commandos, an organization that works to eradicate 'honour killings'. This was the first time they had returned to their village, where Hakim also had a police case lodged against him of kidnapping Mehwish.The nation became aware of the couple's struggles when they were featured in Aamir Khan's Satyamev Jayate on June 3.\"On June 30, the National Commission for Women ordered UP police to protect the two. But this directive was ignored. They asked Hakim to come down to Bulandshahr to record his statement. When he refused, they never contacted him again,\" Sanjoy Sachdev, chairman of Love Commando, said. The area SSP, however, offered to review his security.Meanwhile, a girl was born to the couple bringing fresh hope that relations between the two families would normalize. But that was not to be.\"I didn't know people of my own village had arranged for weapons to kill us. I am the next target,\" a shocked Mehwish said.Hakim's family had moved to Bhargardi village, 2km away from Adoli. But his father, Abdul Hafiz, refused to leave his ancestral house and stayed back. On July 6, 2011 Hakim's nephew Salman visited an ailing Hafiz to know about his well-being and on his way home, he was allegedly assaulted by Mehwish's relatives. When Salman reported the matter to the police, a non-cognizable report was lodged.Enraged over the police case, the accused allegedly reached the house of an ailing Abul Hafiz, hanged him upside from a tree right outside his house and assaulted him in full public view. When Abdul Hafiz's wife Shahooran, who had come to stay with her ailing husband, intervened, she too was assaulted. Hafiz died hanging from the tree. The police, however, saw the incident as suicide.The couple was on the run when Mehwish gave birth to a baby girl who was now a year-and-a-half. In August 2012, when Mehwish got pregnant for the second time, she reached Bhargardi village to stay with Hakim's family for the delivery. Hakim used to visit her once or twice a week. On November 20, Hakim visited Mehwish when he was informed that people were on the lookout for him.Hakim lodged a complaint with the local police the same day but no action followed. On Noveber 22, he was walking back after buying medicines for his wife when he was intercepted by three persons who shot him dead in public view around 4.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381154", "title": "Teachers' panel plans chain fast from Nov 29", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Punjab and Chandigarh College Teachers Union, retirees and non-teaching employees' federation held an emergency meeting on Monday, after the last day of the chain fast of teachers and non-teaching employees in Chandigarh.Their future action plan, the JAC claimed, would include a chain fast across all districts of Punjab and in Chandigarh on every working day starting from November 29 to December 17.The JAC decided to intensify the agitation against the Punjab government in view of its stand after approving the implementation of pension and gratuity scheme in 1996.Kuldip Singh, secretary PCCTU, said the PCCTU condemned the attitude of the state government for trying to buy time. \"We welcome the decision taken by the Punjab and Haryana high court in safeguarding the interests of the petitioners,\" he added.DAV College Teachers' Union president Iqbal Preet Kaur said teaching and non-teaching staff of 136 colleges of Punjab and Chandigarh await justice. \"The government is not paying heed to our requests and hence, we have no option but to launch an agitation,\" Kaur said.PCCTU co-president P S Gill said, \"The JAC will not rest till the government agrees to our demands.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382782", "title": "Adhir rejects Didi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s railway job plan for land-losers", "text": "KOLKATA: The railways cannot provide jobs to land-losers , and the state government has to acquire land for projects. On his first comprehensive railway assignment in the state after taking charge as minister of state, Adhir Chowdhury threw these twin beamers at chief minister Mamata Banerjee , involving two of the most complicated political tangles in Bengal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d land acquisition and compensation.Chowdhury dismissed Mamata's proposal, made during her stint as railway minister, for jobs to land-losers as absurd as it would hinder the transporter's growth and diminish its funds. He also said he would take the land acquisition problem to the Prime Minister's Office as projects were stuck not only in Bengal but various parts of India.Referring to the CM's hands-off policy on land acquisition, which is seen by the industry as the primary investment hurdle in the state, Chowdhury said, \"Railway projects will suffer if land is not available. The state government has to acquire land for that purpose. It is also not possible to give employment to people giving land for rail projects.\"The minister made these remarks on Monday at the 150th anniversary celebrations of Kanchrapara railway workshop before heading for the city, where he inaugurated the Metro's interface at Garia with the suburban railway network and tunnelling work for East-West Metro's Sealdah-Phoolbagan stretch. \"If employment has to be given to those giving land, then around 2 lakh jobs have to be given in the Eastern railway alone. It will pose an impediment to the railways' development plans,\" he said.Taking a dig at Mamata's move to name stations after luminaries, Chowdhury said the stations would be renamed, this time with the location appended. \"The name of the place is most important for a commuter. So, I propose to mention the name of the place beside the name of the great man after whom the station was renamed ,\" Chowdhury said.CPM South 24-Parganas district secretary Sujan Chakraborty agreed. \"The minister is 100% right. Such a way of naming stations only shows disrespect to great men,\" he said. Chowdhury urged the state to cooperate on the East-West project. \"The E-W Metro has to be completed on time. The railways needs to have administrative control,\" he said.The state already transferred 50% KMRC share to the railways. In the next meeting on November 30, the remaining 24% of the union urban development ministry will be transferred to the railways. The UD ministry will keep 26% share, said H K Sharma, MD KMRC.Chowdhury's programme in Kanchrapara, the bastion of Mukul Roy, was held amid tight security as TMC supporters had allegedly vandalized the venue a day ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17382206", "title": "200 Congress workers resign over Akota pact", "text": "VADODARA: Internal bickering over seat-sharing with the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) got murkier on Monday as about 200 Vadodara city Congress workers and office-bearers resigned from their posts. The Congress leaders were upset with their party for allotting Akota to NCP for upcoming assembly polls. And to add insult to their injuries, rumours started doing rounds on Monday that some outsiders would be considered for the other seats in city.The disappointed and angry Congressmen approached city unit president Narendra Rawat and tendered their resignations. \"A large number of office-bearers met me and gave resignations from their posts. I have not accepted their resignations yet. I am trying to pacify and convince them to take their resignations back,\" Rawat told TOI.\"The Congress workers are not happy about the seat-sharing with NCP. They have resigned to protest the party's decision,\" Rawat said and added that he has represented his views to the senior party leaders.\"For the last two years, we were asked to hold demonstrations, understand local issues and establish a connection with the voters in Akota and other constituencies. Now, the senior leaders want to give the ticket to other parties and outsiders. This is demoralizing for us,\" said a Congress office-bearer.Rumours started doing the round that an outsider, a businessman, is being given a ticket to contest from Sayajigunj and Raopura and Wadi would go the same way as well. However, on whether outsiders were given tickets for Vadodara seats, Rawat dismissed it as rumour. \"The party is yet to declare anything officially about candidates. Someone is trying to spread rumours but I have told the party workers to wait for the senior leader's decision,\" said Rawat, who too aspires to a ticket to the Sayajigunj assembly seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380449", "title": "Mahotsav begins on musical note", "text": "LUCKNOW: A vivid laser show touching upon various facets of Lucknow and socialist stalwarts marked the beginning of the Lucknow Mahotsav on Monday. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and minister of state for tourism Chowdhury Moolchand Chauhan inaugurated the event amidst presence of scores of supporters who were literally dying to get a glimpse of their hero.Addressing the occasion, Akhilesh Yadav said that the theme for Lucknow Mahotsav is apt. \"Lucknow and the entire Awadh region is known for its tolerant nature. The innate sense of respect towards people from all walks of life makes them special. Festivals like Lucknow Mahotsav allow us to celebrate this feeling,\" he stated urging all the visitors to this place to enjoy the spirit of Lucknow over the next 11 days. Minister of state for tourism, Thakur Moolchand Chauhan assured all possible help to the organisers to make the event a success.Commissioner, Lucknow division, Sanjeev Mittal informed that for the first time, a separate pavilion has been built for corporate houses. But this doesn't mean that the committee has not done justice with other spheres. \"We have come up with a proper Krishi zone, where farmers can learn about new techniques to increase the productivity. The handicraft artisans from across the world have been given a place to display and sell their artwork. There is enough place for people in the city to take a break from their routine lives and enjoy sometime with their families and friends at the entertainment zone,\" Mittal told reporters.The Lucknow Mahotsav would also be acknowledging the rich cultural heritage of the city. It is for this that replicas of the Imambara and the Roomi Darwaza form its entrances. Scores of events have been organised to celebrate the intangible heritage of the city. \"Besides the traditional Ikka Tonga race, the boat race, the vintage car rally, the committee has organised wrestling championship and a cycle rally as well. Enthusiasts of chess would also fight it out in the championship organised by us,\" informed the organisers.The evening saw two stalwarts of Indian classical music - flute maestro Pandit Hari Prasad Chaurasia and Thumri legend Girija Devi - sharing the dais with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, who honoured them. Pandit Chaurasia started his performance with a new raag called Hemvati. He revealed that the raag is sung to welcome Moon god on his arrival. Girija Devi began the show in her traditional style - a set of compositions in raag Bhopali. Thereafter, she proceeded to a Thumri in raag Mishra Khamaaj followed by a Dadra. Their trembling hands, but a robust pair of lungs earned several rounds of applause from patient listeners, who were present to hear them.The Mahotsav ground is still shaping up. Authorities said that it takes some time for the artisans to settle down. The ground should be ready to greet the visitors by Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380721", "title": "Man asks CM to look into son's death", "text": "CHENNAI: A 57-year-old headmaster, whose son was found dead in a hostel bathroom at an engineering college near Red Hills in October last year, approached the chief minister's cell on Monday. Alleging that the CB-CID probe into the death of his son P Saravanan had come to a standstill, S Ponnurangam lodged a complaint seeking to speed up the case.After Saravanan was found dead in a hostel bathroom at Velammal Engineering College in Surapet near Red Hills on October 31, 2011, the Ambattur police initially registered a case under Cr PC Section 174 (unnatural death). Ponnurangam said he got the postmortem report from the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital after a struggle of more than four months and then moved the Madras high court. In June, the court said there was a possibility that it could be a murder and asked the director-general of police to transfer the case to the CB-CID, Ponnurangan said.Ponnurangam, who will retire as headmaster of the government boys' higher secondary school in Sholinghur in August 2013, said, \"We want to know if the CB-CID is still probing a case of unnatural death. We hope to get a positive reply soon.\"\"We were initially hopeful when the case was transferred from the Ambattur police, who had diluted the whole case by messing up the evidences and the witnesses, to the CB-CID. We were disappointed when the CB-CID didn't make any progress. Some students, who initially claimed to have helped shift Saravanan from the hostel room to the hospital, had turned hostile,\" Ponnurangam said.\"We have been getting several calls during odd hours and the callers have demanded that we withdraw the complaint. We are also getting reports that the college administration has been trying to hush up the case by influencing the investigation officers with the help of some bureaucrats and IPS officers. We believe the court of law by the Almighty,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380453", "title": "Trinamool Congress calls off its Lucknow meet", "text": "LUCKNOW: Trinamool Congress chief Mamta Banerjee has called off her rally in Lucknow scheduled to be held on November 28, nearly a week after her no-confidence motion against UPA in protest of the FDI in retail sector fell flat on its face. The move comes in the wake of Samajwadi Party's apparent snub to the fiery Trinamool Congress leader for her efforts to pull the rug under the feet of UPA government.Confirming that the rally has been called off, TMC state general secretary Sanjiv Mishra said, \"Any further date, if at all possible, will be decided later on.\" However, TMC sources said that it was because of the lack of coordination between the two parties that the \"united front\" never came up. According to sources, the TMC leaders never had a formal discussion with their counterparts in SP in putting up a united front against FDI in retail sector.On October 1, Mamta had said that she will bring a no-confidence motion against the UPA government if SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav supports her. \"I will go everywhere in India to protect the Indian business, the farmers, the labourers and the people of India,\" Mamta had said. This was part of her programme to hold protests across the country against FDI in multi-brand retail. She had said that she will invite SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav for her rally in Lucknow against FDI in multi-brand retail.Sources said that the TMC had earlier planned a rally in Lucknow on November 17 in a bid to garner support from SP before bringing a no-confidence motion in Parliament. However, with Mulayam showing not much interest in joining hands with the TMC over the issue, the rally was postponed till November 28. \"There was no point in coming together with the SP given its stance in Parliament,\" said a TMC leader in UP.Earlier, it was during selection of Pranab Mukherjee as UPA's presidential candidate when Mamta found herself on the backfoot after Mulayam said that the three names - APJ Abdul Kalam , Somnath Chatterjee and Manmohan Singh - he gave along with the Trinamool Congress supremo, were only suggestions.Justifying the change in his stand, Mulayam had then said that \"decisions in politics are taken in accordance with developments\". He then declared his support for Pranab, calling him a \"man of high stature\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382284", "title": "Tax waiver spawns more cheats", "text": "KOLKATA: Big tax defaulters seem to have taken Kolkata Municipal Corporation for a ride.So it seems from the revenue update of the cash-strapped civic body. Its dreams of mopping up a huge amount of revenue through property tax waiver have fallen flay. Only 11 defaulters - with outstanding due of a little over Rs 1 crore - availed the waiver, but a whopping 290 others, including some of the biggest defaulters, have chosen to ignore the scheme. Their estimated outstanding adds up to Rs 900 crore, while the total amount stands at Rs 2,300 crore, six months after the scheme expired on May 15, 2012.This is more than 10 times that of the KMC health allocation or water supply budget.Who are these defaulters? A chamber of commerce in the central business district, a multi-storeyed building housing hundreds of government and commercial offices on Jawaharlal Nehru Road, two well known shopping centres on Shakespeare Sarani and Lindsay Street, a residential complex at Alipore Park Place and a posh club in south Kolkata have dodged the scheme yet again. The dues from each of them range between Rs 5 crore and Rs 35 crore.And this despite the KMC Act empowering the civic body enough to pull up defaulters.When the waiver - the third such by the corporation after 2001 and 2004 - was announced there were fears in some quarters that giving defaulters a carrot instead of the stick would only lead to more evasions. This fear seems to have been proven true.The corporation has not yet opted to penalize the defaulters and force them to cough up the dues and is still sending routine demand notices.The assessment department had proposed some harsh steps but mayor Sovan Chatterjee is learnt to have struck it down.\"We wanted to send distress warrants to the defaulters. Under this procedure, civic officials hang notices in front of the defaulting property, displaying the outstanding amount. It's a showcause notice and gives a chance to the property owner to pay off the dues, failing which the corporation can take legal steps, which may include attaching the property. However, the mayor didn't approve of punitive action,\" an official of the KMC assessment department said.The mayor dodged a clear answer when asked whether the corporation will take habitual defaulters to task. \"I am not going to specify which step the KMC will take. We will act according to the law,\" Chatterjee said.However, mayor-in-council member overseeing the KMC assessment department on Monday said that the civic body was planning to take action against some major defaulters by attaching rents of their tenants.Whatever the political bosses say, nothing concrete has come out as yet. In fact, Governor M K Narayanan had asked the same questions to the mayor when he proposed to introduce the waiver scheme in January 2012.The governor instead wanted the corporation to explore all options to increase its own generation before going for the tax waiver that has turned out to be a deterrent for timely tax compliance. In fact, the erstwhile Left Front government had turned down a similar proposal from mayor Bikash Bhattacharya on grounds that the move has lost its edge due to overuse.However, mayor Sovan Chatterjee had his way because the cash-strapped Mamata Banerjee government hoped that the waiver scheme would help recover tax that would be spend in the grand beautification plans.After the waiver scheme bill was passed in the Bengal Assembly, the governor gave it the go-ahead with a rider. He wanted the KMC to go the whole hog against the defaulters if they didn't respond to the waiver scheme.Here are some facts. KMC has collected Rs 362 crore from 1.3 lakh defaulters, most of whom are ordinary tax payers. Figures available with the KMC assessment department show that 70% of those who availed of the scheme owed the civic body between Rs 10,000 and Rs 50,000. The bulk of the remaining 30% defaulters owed between Rs 50,000 and Rs 100,000. Only 10 major defaulters owing Rs 1 crore and above came forward to clear their dues, said an official.On the other hand, a shocking 2.62 lakh defaulters, who owe the civic body Rs 2,300 crore, did not bother to respond. Sources say that 301 of them are marked as 'heavy' defaulters who owe the KMC Rs 900 crore in all.\"They are the major defaulters who have become a headache for us. While ordinary tax defaulters have responded to our call in droves, these habitual defaulters have never bothered to pay their outstanding dues,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "17381623", "title": "One dead in petrol pump tank explosion", "text": "AKOLA: A 30-year-old attendant Prahlad Rathod was killed in a blast at Old Chawla petrol pump in the city on Monday. The Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) pump is located in a busy area of the city on Akola-Murtizapur road.The mishap occurred when a fuel tank was being removed for maintenance. It is suspected that sparks from the gas welding work being done nearby must have led to the explosion at the IOC pump, police said. The impact of the explosion was such that parts of the petrol tank were blown meters away from the spot and window panes of the pump were shattered. Police have registered a case in this connection.34 gamblers arrestedIn a surprise raid, police arrested thirty four gamblers and also seized materials worth Rs five lakh from a house near Yogi Bar in the old city area. Many of those arrested are said to be from influential and well-to-do background. As many as 17 vehicles and Rs 3,590 in cash was seized from them. All of them have been booked under Gambling Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17381746", "title": "15 houses gutted in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: At least 15 houses were reduced to ashes in separate fire accidents in two districts of Arunachal during the last 36 hours, causing massive loss of property.Thirteen houses were gutted in a major fire mishap at Siyom Colony in Aalo in West Siang district on Saturday. The army, air force and police, along with fire tenders, were pressed into service immediately but it took time to control the devastating fire as the accident site did not have entrance for the vehicle to pass, official sources informed here today.Though there was no report of any casualty , the district administration is making effort to provide immediate relief to the fire victims.Meanwhile, the residence of one Poknom Tayeng of Gamgu (Meka) village in Lower Dibang Valley district was completely burnt to ashes on Sunday.The cause of the fire was not known.In another fire accident at Boum Godown area in Roing Township in the same district, a labour camp was completely gutted, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381364", "title": "Kidnap suspect attempts suicide", "text": "PUNE: A 33-year-old woman, who was booked for her alleged involvement in the kidnapping of a six-year-old boy, attempted suicide by setting herself ablaze at her residence in Janata Vasahat on Sunday night. Zaibun Farid Shaikh, who sustained 100% burn injuries, is undergoing treatment at the Sassoon General hospital. Her condition is said to be critical.Meanwhile, the boy, Omkar Bhausaheb Margale, who was allegedly kidnapped by Shaikh from his house in Janata Vasahat on November 11, is still untraceable. A complaint about the missing boy was registered with the Dattawadi police. \"We have booked Shaikh under section 363 (kidnapping) of the Indian Penal Code after Omkar's mother Suman Margale (28) lodged a complaint against her,\" said senior inspector Vijaysinh Gaikwad. \"The Dattawadi police have launched a massive search operation.Sub-inspector N G Ubale, who is investigating the case, told TOI that both Shaikh and Margale are residents of Janata Vasahat and knew each other well. Shaikh runs a chicken shop.Omkar's father Bhausaheb Margale, who is a vegetable vendor, told TOI that in the first week of November, Shaikh had borrowed Rs 30,000 from him. \"She wanted the money for her shop and also to pay for some repair works in her house,\" Margale said. \"She had also borrowed a gold chain from me.\"On the eve of Diwali, Margale said, he contacted Shaikh and told her to return the money as well as the gold chain. \"She told me that she would return the money soon, which she never did,\" Margale said.Around 7.30 pm on November 11, Margale said, he was sitting outside a shop in Janata Vasahat while Omkar was playing in the street. \"I had seen Shaikh talk with Omkar. A little while later, I had seen her walk away with Omkar. I had seen her place her hand on my son's shoulder,\" Margale said. It was the last time he had seen his son.Margale launched a search for Omkar when he learnt that his son never returned home till late night. \"I went to Shaikh's house. She was not there. Her daughter was closing their shop,\" Margale said. \"When Shaikh returned, I asked her about Omkar, but she said she had not seen him,\" he said.When Margale said that he had seen Shaikh talking to Omkar in the evening, she said she had given him some money to buy firecrackers. \"When Omkar did not return home for two days, we searched for him in Swargate, Market Yard, Katraj and other areas. A missing persons complaint was lodged with the Dattawadi police on November 13,\" Margale said. \"After lodging the police complaint against her, I never asked her to return my money,\" Margale said.Sub-inspector Ubale said on Sunday night, Shaikh set herself ablaze in her house. \"We have recorded her statement in the presence of a special judicial magistrate,\" Ubale said. In her statement, Shaikh said after Margale lodged the police complaint against her, everyone in the locality started suspecting her involvement in kidnapping Margale's son. \"Failed to cope with the allegations, she set herself ablaze,\" Ubale said.Shaikh is undergoing treatment at the Sassoon hospital.\"We have launched a search operation and have recorded statements of several people in Janata Vasahat in this regard,\" Ubale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17382597", "title": "Corporators\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 study tour hits a hurdle", "text": "HYDERABAD: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) corporators are planning their annual study tour in January 2013, but are yet to decide on the destination because of the latest order from the Lokayukta. The ombudsman has recently directed the GHMC to submit a report on how the previous jaunts helped improve conditions in the city.The GHMC standing committee recently okayed the proposal of the study tour by corporators in the current financial year. It was decided that the tour would be organised in batches either in January or February 2013. The tour proposal was supposed to be ready by now as some procedures needed to be followed and arrangements made for the visit.During the earlier tours, corporators had covered cities like Delhi, Chandigarh , Kolkata, Amritsar, Gangtok, Darjeeling and Shimla. Many of the elected representatives seem to be disinterested in visiting Chennai or Bangalore , which they already visited. The GHMC earmarks about Rs 2 to Rs 3 crore every year for study tours for the 150 corporators as the main intention is to help them study the best practices being adopted in other cities and replicate them in Hyderabad.Usually after returning from the study tours, the corporators led by their team leader, submit recommendations and observations in those cities for official record. But most of them are not relevant to the city. For instance, some corporators visited Gangtok Municipal Corporation (GMC) in March, 2012. The GHMC officials were stumped by their choice of destination, Gangtok, as its corporation area is only 19 square km with a population 1.2 lakh and the main source of income is tourism. The GMC has been implementing solid waste management project just like GHMC and there was nothing new to learn from this visit. The GMC council meets are held every month.Similarly, Darjeeling Municipal Corporation, which the corporators visited, has only 32 wards and the total budget is only Rs 35 crore per year. The property tax demand is only Rs 2 crore and the collection is Rs 74 lakh, whereas budget is nearly Rs 4,000 crore and property tax demand is about Rs 750 crore.As tours of corporators have become 'jolly trips' , the Lokayukta had taken up the case a few months ago. The ombudsman has directed the GHMC to submit a report on the recommendations of corporators in the next few months. The GHMC officials are also in fix over the study tours as there have been no major recommendations in the past three years.When contacted, GHMC additional commissioner Ramnarayan Reddy said they were yet to receive the proposal on the study tour from corporators. On the Lokayukta directions, the additional commissioner said that they have received the order copy on Monday and were yet to see its contents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380404", "title": "Lucknow University alumni recall fond memories of alma mater", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bookseller Ram Advani could not control his emotions, while he was honoured at his alma mater. \"What I know and what I am is because of Lucknow University and my teachers,\" he said while being felicitated with the lifetime achievement award at the 92nd foundation day of the LU celebrated on Sunday. Advani's words summed up the gratitude expressed by eight other illustrious alumni of LU who were honoured for making significant contribution in their respective fields. On Sunday, it was a different feel at the university's Malviya Hall which is known for hosting various events in the past. The LU alumni society acknowledged nine \"once-upon-a-time\" students who are now placed at exalted positions in their respective professions.The 'achievers' struck an emotional chord with many present in the audience as they recalled the old past days spent in their alma mater.While sitting in the Malviya hall, 93-year-old Advani who graduated from LU in 1942 with humanities said, \"I used to have my political science classes in this hall. We were only eight students then. It gives me immense pleasure to see the ever rising number of students in LU.\" Walking down the memory lane, Alok Rawat, an IAS officer who is currently posted in the cabinet secretariat said, \"In 1973, I took admission in MSc here. That year, some miscreants burned the final year answer copies. When my friends and I came to know about it, we rushed to the university but breathed a sigh of relief after we found that the copies burnt were not ours. Oh! What a satisfaction it was for us.\"Padma Shri awardee Dr Mansoor Hasan, a renowned heart surgeon said, \"I am grateful to my teachers who not only taught me professional excellence but also rooted values such as courage, loyalty, forgiveness which are the foundations of life.\" Dr Hasan did his MD in 1977 from medical university when it was a part of LU. He is presently chief consultant, department of Cardiology at Sahara Hospital.Noted singer Dilraj Kaur who pursued MA in English Literature recalled, \"It was for the first time I saw my name in newspapers and magazines when I was in the university. The university's name was always on top.'' Unperturbed, she continued, When I went to Mumbai for the first time, I was not allowed to sing because I was a student, But I challenged them and after listening to my song they asked me from where I belong to. Once again, the name of LU was flashed in high spirits,'' said she.Sharing similar sentiments, Justice Rajeev Sharma, a senior judge at the Lucknow Bench of Allahabad court said, \"I am grateful to the alumni society for choosing me as achiever of the university.\" Senior journalist K Vikram Rao who did his graduation from LU in 1960 said, \"I was very possessive about the Tagore library. After the 1973 PAC revolt that rocked the state, I was glad that the library was unhurt.\"\"When I studied in LU, the zoology department was among the best ones. Our teachers taught us to spent equal time in academics and in extra curricular activities,\" said NC Mehrotra presently the director of Birbal Sahni Institute of Palaeobotany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17381465", "title": "'Konkani filmmakers don't have an industry'", "text": "PANAJI: Dnyanesh Moghe, Goa's sole claim to fame at this year's International Film Festival of India (Iffi) believes sheer determination can work wonders when producing cinematic brilliance. That his film would attract a huge audience on home ground was a given, but the reaction it received left Moghe stumped.\"Every director hopes that the film that he or she has worked on will be received well, the response to Digant, my first major film was much more than expected,\" he said.Digant showcases the urban rural divided through a story based on a relationship between a father and son from the dhangar (sheperd) community. It explores the varying ideas of freedom and stability. Ambition and career don't exist in the world of the father who is happy in his zone. \"It challenges our notions of stability he said. The father didn't think owning a house was a priority,\" Moghe said.\"Konkani filmmakers face problems of a different kind because we don't have an industry,\" he said adding that recovering the costs incurred was a very daunting task.The film which was partly supported by the Film Finance Scheme, gave an impetus to the director. \"The term support is relative. There is a lot of scope for more support technically or financially that can go along way in helping directors like me,\" he said. With a degree from Xavier's institute for Communications, Mumbai, Moghe feels it is necessary to create the right educational infrastructure to train aspiring filmmakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17384271", "title": "Priyanka\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s singing battle over 'Krrish 3' and 'Zanjeer'", "text": "So who in Bollywood gets to secure Priyanka Chopra's newly-discovered stardom as a singer? Sources insist, she's being earnestly wooed to do the croon for both her underproduction films Krrish 3 and Zanjeer.\"But Priyanka can only sing in one of these films. She told us she doesn't want to sing in too many films. She wants to lend her voice sparingly in films. She has told us she would be singing in just one of the two of her films that are on the floors,\" said someone close to one of the two underproduction projects.At the moment, the singer in Priyanka is being seduced by both the projects. Apparently Rakesh and Hrithik Roshan , with whom she shares a long-standing bonding over the Krrish franchise, have personally asked Priyanka to lend her voice to their film. However Zanjeer 's leading man Ramcharan Teja, who is now Priyanka's pal, has also put in his request for Priyanka's voice.In fact the Zanjeer makers are very keen hit the market speedily to cash in on Priyanka's new international image of the actress-singer. The film is now being readied for an early May 2013 release, much ahead of Krrish 3. Although the latter began shooting much earlier, it releases much later for Diwali 2014.Says a source, \"The Zanjeer team is very keen to have Priyanka sing in the film. However there are two hurdles. One is Priyanka's proximity to the Roshans which may prompt her to sing for Krrish 3 instead of Zanjeer . Also, she is under contract not to sing for any film until her international album is released. The Zanjeer team is hoping to be the early bird and catch her voice just in time for the film's release. But for that they would have to get past Priyanka's emotional and moral commitment to singing for the Roshans. Because there's no way Priyanka would sing for both Krrish 3 and Zanjeer. \"Priyanka Chopra's career as an international singer has taken off with the single In My City which one hears, is music to global ears. Bollywood's me-too brigade, not wanting to be left behind in anything that wows the West, has embraced her singing acumen. Suddenly there is a demand for her vocals in Bollywood.Whether the Roshans or the Zanjeer team finally bag Priyanka's vocals remains to be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380770", "title": "Artisans bank on puppet shows to up sale", "text": "LUCKNOW: Artisans and rural craftsmen from various districts of UP and from states like Bihar, West Bengal, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh are participating in the Mahotsav.Besides, for the convenience of artisans, many leaflets containing information on various schemes are also on display. The pavilion of National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) was formally inaugurated by N Krishnan, chief general manager, NABARD Uttar Pradesh regional office on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17381175", "title": "HC admits Maya Kodnani's plea against 28 years in jail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Monday admitted an appeal by former minister Maya Kodnani challenging trial court's decision to send her to jail for 28 years in connection with the Naroda Patia massacre of post-Godhra riots.In her appeal, Kodnani questioned the SIT court's conclusion that she was the kingpin of the conspiracy and massacre. She claimed the lower court came to this conclusion without evidence.Even the court's upholding of the prosecution's case that there was a conspiracy hatched before the violence was merely based on presumption and assumption.This is because there is not a single shred of evidence to prove conspiracy with other accused, she stated in her appeal.A bench of Justice R R Tripathi and Justice R D Kothari admitted the case for final argument on Kodnani's appeal. \"We have sought to know how the special court passed its verdict after overlooking certain facts and how was it based on untrustworthy and contradictory statements of unreliable witnesses,\" said her lawyer Hardik Dave.In her appeal, Kodnani highlighted how all 11 witnesses who deposed against her before the SIT court were not reliable.Kodnani also cited witness Zuber Pathan's deposition saying that he was laughing before the court and additional judge Jyotsna Yagnik asked him to behave seriously.On not disclosing her name during the earlier probe before the SIT, Kodnani has stated that these witnesses were under police protection since 2002; and still chose to reveal her name in 2008 before the new probe agency. The argument that they were under pressure cannot be accepted.Then minister for women and child development, Kodnani has also questioned the SIT court's decision to uphold the extra-judicial confession by Babu Bajrangi and others in a sting operation.She has also claimed that the lower court disregarded the evidence supporting her alibi.Questioning the lower court's appreciation, Kodnani stated that she could not have been convicted without disproving the earlier probe by the Gujarat police.The SIT never questioned the earlier probe, nor did the court do it.In August, the SIT court awarded 32 convicts life imprisonment of various terms - from 24 years to life in jail till death for killing 97 persons on February 28, 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17380881", "title": "Drug case: 3 students barred from IIMs", "text": "INDORE: Three expelled students in the recent drug abuse case will not be given admission to any of the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) for the next two years.Though the students had the right to appeal to the director of the institute, no relaxation was given to them. The students had only four months left to pass out from the institute.Public relation officer of the institute Akhtar Parvez said, \"The director has the veto power over the decision taken by the committee. Since the director did not accept plea of the students, there was no way they could continue as students here.\"Seeking admissions to private colleges is the only option left for the students.Two students of IIM-I were expelled for six months for drug doing on the campus last year. The students say that a two-year ban is too harsh for students and they should be given a chance to improve.Requesting anonymity, one of the students said, \"There are often campus parties. Drinks are not officially allowed but are served and it is known to everyone. After all, addictions of all kind are similar.\"Another student said that had the three students consumed the drugs outside the campus or during a party, the issue would not have cropped.\"Banning them from admission to IIMs is severe but may not be the best way to send the message across,\" said another.Faculty member believe that drug doing is illegal and action is necessary.\"Students do have parties and alcohol is consumed. But it is expected that since they are adults, they know how to look after themselves. Hostel rooms cannot be allowed for consumption of drugs,\" said the faculty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381888", "title": "Factory owner duped of Rs 2 cr", "text": "NAGPUR: MIDC police have on Monday booked a couple for their role in duping a factory owner to the tune of Rs 2 crore. Rajendra and Archana Mahajan apparently sold a piece of land to the complainant Lalchand Garg without telling him that the property was already mortgaged with a bank.The Mahajans, who own a Saoner-based private security gadget manufacturing company, had mortgaged the land in 2009 as security for a bank loan. The following year, Garg came into contact with the Mahajans through a property broker.Garg, who owns an iron and steel plant at Kalmeshwar, walked into the trap without realizing that the deal was for a land already mortgaged. He paid half the amount in cash and the rest through cheque.It's learnt that the couple flew to Singapore after receiving the money and never handed over the documents of the property to Garg. The couple kept on assuring Garg that he would be given the documents as soon as they returned to India. When that did not happen, Garg decided to approach the cops and file a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17382020", "title": "Record business for Jharkhand stalls at IITF", "text": "RANCHI: Often ignored at home, handicraft and silk products from Jharkhand are among the visitors' favourite at the India International Trade Fair (IITF) New Delhi. Over the last 13 days, almost every stall in the Jharkhand pavilion at the trade fair has record their highest sales and bookings. Officials in the state industry department said visitors are primarily attracted towards Kuchai silk, bamboo products made by one Sukumar Mishra and silver jewelleries made by tribals from the Maoist-hit Khunti and Murhu area of Khunti district. The fair is set to conclude on Tuesday.Pavilion director D K Sharma said the highest business was done by the state-owned Jharkhand Silk Textile and Handicraft Corporation Limited (Jharcraft). Kuchai Silk, until now in high demand in Asian countries this time has received good response from Argentina. \"Earlier, we used to get queries and purchase order mainly from Asian countries, but for the first time we received business queries from companies in Argentina. Talks with the representatives of Argentinean companies are proceeding in a positive direction and we expect the deal to be finalized very soon,\" said Sharma.The officials said they expect the Jharkhand stalls do record business this time. Compared to the total turnover of around Rs 3 crore last year, the industry department expects the figure to easily cross Rs 5 crore this time. \"We have also arranged for interactive handicraft-making session by Birhor tribals to make the pavilion more lively and interesting. Visitors are getting an opportunity to interact with members of primitive tribal group and learn their arts. The visitors are often surprised when they find out that each member of the tribe, who has undergone skill development training sponsored by the industry department, is earning at least Rs 6,000 per month against their normal income of Rs 2,000,\" said an official.Sources at IITF's Jharkhand pavilion said handicrafts and silk products from the state are in huge demand. \"We were surprised by the demand for various products made from bamboo root and stem by Sukumar Mishra and jewellery made by tribes from Khunti and Murhu. The total sales and bookings of products made from bamboo is more than Rs 10 lakh alone. The amount received for tribal jewellery is almost the same,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380333", "title": "Rushed exam reforms confuse Delhi University teachers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The chaos at Delhi University only seems to worsen. While Delhi University Teachers' Association, which has been on an indefinite relay hunger strike since October 10, plans to intensify its struggle, the university is enforcing reforms without \"enough preparation\" or consolidation of the semester system.The vice-chancellor had announced in September that recruitments would begin by October-end, but the process has not been set in motion. Other issues have cropped up, such as the new evaluation procedure requiring three teachers to check one script, inconsistent attendance policies and late declaration of results. Students are upset that requests for re-evaluation will no longer be entertained.One of the immediate causes of concern is the confusion about the ongoing evaluation process. While the authorities claim supervision of one answerscript by three teachers will rule out any errors, teachers are finding the process rather \"cumbersome\". Sanjay Bohidar, who teaches economics at Shri Ram College of Commerce, describes the new system as \"academic dishonesty\". \"The university may be using this to do away with re-evaluation but it's important to point out that each answer is still being evaluated by only one teacher. This is neither multiple checking, nor evaluation of the same paper thrice.\"He adds that the new system \"takes away the academic basis for judging\" as you need to read the whole script to get a sense of how much the student has understood. In the new system, \"the whole perspective is lost\".\"We were asked to form groups of three with two teachers from the same college not allowed in a group. We started checking in that way. We would check a few papers, pass them over and also discuss the answers to ensure we were in sync,\" says a political science teacher, \"It took us two hours to check eight scripts. After that, our group reverted to the old pattern. Each one of us checked the entire paper and just got our colleagues to approve.\"The move to dispense with re-evaluation has raised hackles. \"We have witnessed major discrepancies in results in the last two years, and now we don't even have a redressal mechanism,\" says a physics (honours) student from Kirori Mal College.But the university seems confident. Dean of examinations Roop Lal said, \"We are trying our best and there will be no need for re-evaluation.\" Another thorny issue is the increasing number of vacancies in permanent teaching positions, which have not been filled for over three years. VC Dinesh Singh had said in September that appointments will be fast-tracked to ease the pressure on colleges. Singh could not be contacted for his comments.Allegations of step-motherly treatment of SOL students continue, as results have either been delayed or are still awaited. As a result, admissions of many PG students have been cancelled. Meanwhile, DUTA has decided to redouble its protests by organizing jan sunwai and marching towards MHRD. DUTA is also planning large-scale mobilization of teachers, students and parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17381024", "title": "Gujarat Technological University students want convocation fee reduced", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A section of students of Gujarat Technological University (GTU) met the university officials and requested them to reduce the Rs 500 convocation degree certificate fee since it was unaffordable for a big number of engineering and pharmacy students.\"We met the officials and have asked them to reduce the convocation fee from Rs 500 to a reasonable amount. This is the highest fee as compared to most universities. We have urged GTU to consider the interest of students coming from poor socio-economic background,\" said a student leader.This year, the first convocation will be held for the BE and BPharm students on January 17. There are over 40,000 students in the engineering and pharmacy courses. With the Rs 500 fee, GTU will gather a neat Rs 2 crore.Students say that the Rs 500 convocation fee is very high. The Gujarat University (GU) charges only Rs 200 for convocation degree certificate. GTU officials said that the students had come to meet over the fee issue but refused to commit whether the convocation fee would be curtailed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17381263", "title": "Unified Metropolitan Transport Authority continues in limbo", "text": "KOCHI: The Unified Metropolitan Transport Authority (UMTA), planned under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme for improving transport facilities in the city, is unlikely to be a reality in the immediate future if a special session convened by the Kochi corporation on Monday to discuss the matter is any indication.Even as the local body maintained that the authority does not need any funding and can be created by an executive order of the state government, T Elangovan, scientist, National Transportation Planning and Research Centre (NATPAC), cited the case of the successful Hyderabad UMTA, which had a total funding of Rs 300 crore when it was set up. He emphasized the importance of finding a source for funds, and suggested setting up the authority under the regional development authority similar to Hyderabad and Mumbai UMTAs.\"Amendments need to be made to the central motor vehicles rules in order to set up the apex authority. It would also require more discussions at the government level,\" said minister for excise and ports K Babu, who inaugurated the special session.It is mandatory to set up UMTA for receiving funds for the second phase of JNNURM. \"We will receive funds for the second phase of the scheme only if conditions of the first are met, including setting up of the UMTA,\" said the minister, who pointed to the failure of the corporation as well as the state government in providing basic infrastructure for urban areas.The transport sector in the Greater Cochin area with a population of 25 lakh is managed by 15-20 agencies. But, according to Elangovan, there is a complete lack of coordination between these agencies. The area that comes under UMTA, comprising the corporation and nearby municipalities and panchayats that will turn into urban areas over the next 20 years, has to be also delineated. \"Though the body is recommendatory, its decisions will be binding on others,\" he said.Mayor Tony Chammany expressed the hope that it would help to find solutions for transport issues in the city.\"The city lost low-floor buses due to the lack of coordination and such an apex authority is required to address such issues in the future,\" he said.While commenting on the recent controversy related to using low-floor buses in long distance routes, he said the local body needs to comply with conditions laid under the JNNURM scheme. He also added that the Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) was not allowed to operate these buses outside the city limit.Earlier opposition councillors boycotted the session and demanded the resignation of mayor.MLAs Hibi Eden, Dominic Presentation and Benny Behanan, district collector Sheik Pareeth and DCP Gopalakrishna Pillai, law and order (traffic), attended the session.The meeting was also attended by representatives of various departments, civil society and trade bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17381012", "title": "Schools immersed in bhakti, prayers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dressed in traditional wear and heads covered with 'dupattas' and colourful scarves, students of many city schools celebrated the Parkash Utsav of Guru Nanak Dev on Monday. At ABC Montessori School, the day was marked with religious fervour and the campus was decorated aptly. The programme began with recitation of \"shabad\" by students and teachers. The young ones also presented \"sakhis\", poems and speeches on the life history of the Sikh guru.School director Amanpreet Singh Arora stressed on the importance of values. \"The birth of Guru Nanak Devji has enlightened this world with colours of knowledge and belief and every Sikh must be tolerant towards these virtues,\" Arora said.Little Montessorians visited Gurdwara Singh Sabha in BRS Nagar for \"langar\". A procession was organized in a beautifully decorated trolley, which was led by the Panj Pyaras. Students Udayjot Singh, Manya Raj, Ayaan Roy, Purav Verma, Ramandeep Kaur, Harrehmat Khurana and Ravnoor Saggar were dressed up in traditionally and recited poems and \"shabads\". Meanwhile, students Livdeep Moudgill, Inayat Kaur, Arshia Kaur, Seerat Chahal, Seerat Sidana, Khyati Rangroo, Kimreet Kaur, Niyamat Kaur Virk, Sukhman Kainth and Ananya Arya recited \"kirtan\" in their melodious voices.Gurpurab festivities were no less colourful at Cherubs The Preschool. Students were told that Guru Nanak Dev, who is the founder of Sikhism, was born on April 15, 1469 at Rai-Bhoi-di Talwandi in the present district of Shekhupura (Pakistan), now Nanakana Sahib. The guru's birthday falls on Kartik Puranmashi , which is full moon day of the month Kartik. The shrine representing the home of the guru's father, Baba Kalu and mother, Mata Tripta is called Gurdwara Janam Asthan, which is also in Pakistan . The kids also went to the gurdwara , where they offered their prayers and \"rumala sahib\". Later, \"parshad\" was distributed among the students.At Ram Lal Bhasin Public School, Phase I, Dugri, students celebrated the day by reciting \"shabads\" and learning about the teachings of Guru Nanak Dev through a declamation contest. Topics for the competitions were \"The Life History of Guru Nanak Devji\", \"Teachings of Guru Nanak Devji\", \"Message of Guru Nanak Devji\" and \"Sacrifices made by Guru Nanak Devji\". While Akriti Arora of Class X won the first prize, Abhishek Gupta of Class IX was second and Mehak Arora of Class VII came third.Students of Kindergarten section of Tagore Public School, Aggar Nagar, visited the gurdwara to offer prayers on the auspicious day. They recited Japuji Sahib and sang hymns of Guru Nanak. \"Langar\" was also served with a spirit of service and Bhakti devotion. Principal Suman Arora told the students to follow Guru's teachings. School manager Amrit Lal Aggarwal conveyed his greetings to the students on the occasion of Parkash Utsav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380364", "title": "If citizens are alert, Mumbai won't need CCTV cameras: Police chief", "text": "MUMBAI: \"We won't need CCTVs, if the 32 million eyes of Mumbaikars can become our cameras,\" said commissioner of police Satyapal Singh at an event, 'Breaking Barriers, Building Bridges', organized by a voluntary organization, Public Concern for Governance Trust. The event was held at the NCPA on Monday to observe the fourth anniversary of the 26/11 terror attack and pay ode to the grit and determination of Mumbaikars who braved the odds.Singh captured popular sentiment with his message that citizens and the police had to work together to fight terrorism. With this in mind, the Mumbai police has tied up with over 400 schools and colleges to caution students about being brainwashed and carry forward the message on humanity and patriotism. Singh assured citizens that the Mumbai police was better prepared. They had identified and secured vital and iconic installations across the city. But he underlined that none of this would be enough unless citizens came together to supplement the police. \"Remaining alert should become our common religion,\" Singh said.The event also witnessed the screening of a short film, 'Little Terrorist', and performances by Terence Lewis' dance company. Former chief information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi recalled how 26/11 had showed the state's weak underbelly.He told citizens that their responsibility didn't end with casting votes and urged them to monitor government structures. \"If we want a first rate country, we need a first rate government and it is our responsibility to ensure that we get one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17382182", "title": "Gang ran organized network to sell TVs, laptops", "text": "VADODARA: The gang nabbed for stealing dozens of television sets and laptops are suspected to have committed several similar crimes across central Gujarat. The rural local crime branch (LCB) feels that the accused are involved in dozens of similar offences in Vadodara, Anand and Bharuch. The cops are confident of recovering many more electronics goods items from the accused.Five of the accused were handed over to Padra police in connection with a theft in an electronics goods showroom there and two accused were handed over to Fatehgunj police in connection with theft cases registered there. \"All the accused used to run an organized network in several districts in central Gujarat. We have handed them over to respective police stations that will now interrogate them,\" said LCB rural police inspector Dharmendra Chauhan. The LCB is still looking for an accused Jignesh Parikh who is on the run. tnn\"Once we nab him, it will lead us to many more cases and recovery of stolen goods,\" Chauhan added.According to the police, the accused used to steal electronic goods and sell it off to unsuspecting villagers in Anand and Vadodara at low rates. The LCB had arrested seven people on Sunday and recovered stolen goods worth Rs 28 lakh from them. The recovered items included LCD/LED televisions and laptops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380525", "title": "Technical snag leaves BSNL customers irate in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Thousands of BSNL mobile phone services customers in the city had a harrowing day on Monday when they found they couldn't make calls.A number of customers called up newspaper offices to complain about the problem and said they had no prior notice from the service provider.The problem, a BSNL press release later said, was due to a snag in one of the media gateways connected to a switching centre.One customer, Aruna Ramesh, said, \"I had a tough time as I could hear the caller but they could not hear me. A number of important meetings and other events had to be cancelled. If the service provider knew there could be a snag they could have made an announcement or even sent an SMS to subscribers.\"Parents whose children had BSNL connections were worried as they couldn't get in touch with them. \"The final exams are on for my son and I wanted to call him to find out how he had fared and I just could not hear him. I was stuck at a meeting and wanted to tell him to find his way home but finally I had to cancel the meeting and go pick him up,\" said one parent.Many call-taxi drivers who had BSNL connections were a harassed lot as their employers could not get in touch with them.In the evening, a BSNL press release said, \"Chennai Telephones would like to inform its customers that due to some technical snag developed in one of the media gateways connected to the mobile switching centre at Mambalam, it is feared that since Monday morning there could have been difficulties in the call flow like one-way speech, voice muting and calls not landing. Efforts are being taken to rectify the fault and restore normalcy.\"However, this issue relates only to the 3G network and customers having any difficulties with their mobile phone connectivity are requested to change their settings to 2G mode temporarily,\" the release added. BSNL sources said the problem could persist on Tuesday and Wednesday too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17381999", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWomen at higher risk of catching flu\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LONDON: Women may blame men for exaggerating when they have flu, it is, however, ladies who are more likely to admit to having sniffles and sneezes, a new study has found.Researchers found that women are at greater risk of getting flu than men because they tend to spend more time around children, who are more likely to have the illness in the first place.A nationwide flu survey in the UK by London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine found that women were 16% more likely to say they had flu symptoms, the 'BBC News' reported.The survey data is being used to map the spread of flu across the country during the winter. Researchers can then analyse how the virus spreads and who it affects. Dr Alma Adler says they wanted to find out more about gender differences and flu.\"We haven't found any evidence of 'man flu' yet. The biggest risk factor is having children under the age of 18 and for this reason women are more at risk of flu,\" Adler said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17380884", "title": "Woman involved in Rs 1.50-crore fraud sent to judicial custody", "text": "NASHIK: Smita Mayank Dhruv, one of the six accused in the Rs 1.50 crore fraud case, was remanded in judicial custody. She had been in police custody since Thursday and was produced in the court on Monday.Dhruv is one of the six people accused of cheating investors to the tune of over Rs 1.50 crore under a scheme launched by financial firm Vikalp Trade Solution that operated from Suyojit Sankul in front of Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan on Sharanpur Road.The other accused in the case are Mayank Dhruv, Sanjay Bhalerao, Vijay Nikam, Yogesh Khairnar and Santosh Aher, who are still at large. An application for anticipatory bail of the remaining accused was moved in the court on Monday but was rejected.Santosh Aher and Sanjay Bhalerao were policemen, who had opted for voluntary retirement to join the group.Senior Police Inspector of the Sarkarwada Police Station Suresh Sapkale informed that a hunt has been launched to trace the remaining accused in the case.A week ago, Vimal Modak- wife of serving police constable Kiran Moday- residing at New Police Quarters along Gangapur Road, had filed a complaint against the six people of cheating her of Rs 20 lakh. The Modaks had invested Rs 20 lakh in the company after selling their plot of land.The complainant said that the accused were directors in Vikalp Trade Solutions, where they were assured of huge returns. After the complaint was lodged, police traced Smita Dhruv in Mumbai and arrested her.After the first complaint against the accused, about 20 investors rushed to the Sarkarwada Police Station to testify the fraud. From the statements of other investors, the Sarkarwada police said that the fraud, as of now, appeared to be in the tune of Rs 1.50 crore to Rs 1.75 crore.Meanwhile, there were reports that the accused in the case were trying to get in touch with their investors assuring to return the amount by November 30.On Sunday, a team of police personnel from Sarkarwada, also reached Mumbai where they checked other branches of Vikalp at Dadar and Borivali. They also seized computers and printers from the said offices. However, the accused are still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380119", "title": "Aid pours in for Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party on debut", "text": "NEW DELHI: After over a year of campaigning, dozens of protests and exposes against ministers, Arvind Kejriwal officially entered the political arena on Monday. Negating the perception that only big parties can draw hefty funds, the newly launched Aam Aadmi Party collected more than 1.10 crore on the day of the launch, with former law minister Shanti Bhushan alone donating Rs 1 crore.Day one also saw supporters pitching in to keep the machinery running with collection of over Rs 1.6 lakh. Besides, many people across the country requested Team Kejriwal to open party offices in their states.\"Rahul from Toronto has offered space owned by him to open a party office. A similar request was made by a farmer in Odisha, who is ready to give up a considerable chunk of land so that we can open a party office,\" a member of the party said. Party leaders said they had received at least 300 requests from various parts of the country asking them to open offices on land owned by them.Kejriwal promised to take on established parties like the Congress and BJP . Now, the fight will be between the \"common man and the netas\", Kejriwal told the crowd of around 2,000 people from various states.\"We are here to destabilize the corrupt government and take back power. Now netas will on one side and the aam aadmi on the other. Netas will be thrown out soon and the common man will sit in Parliament,\" he said.Kejriwal also mocked the current state of politics saying he had Congressmen come and give him proof against their own men. \"After the Cabinet reshuffle, a new minister from Congress called me to say I was doing a good job. He also said I shouldn't let Robert Vadra escape. Imagine the condition of these parties,\" he added.Reading out from the constitution, Kejriwal underlined the tenets of his party. He said it was time the rules of the game changed. \"Now netas and bureaucrats have to report to people. The constitution gives prime importance to the people of India and that should be implemented,\" he added. He called the people 'first class citizens' who are victims of 'third class governance'.A feisty Kejriwal also threw in some economics about inflation into his speech, which appealed to the gathering. \"People think inflation happens on its own. Very few know that inflation is a result of corruption. Gas rates are so high because the government gave away natural gas reserves to Reliance. When Reliance doubled the rates of gas, the government should have cancelled their licence,\" he added.Kejriwal claimed the government waived taxes worth Rs 5 lakh crore every year on various companies but did not reduce the tax burden on common man. \"If the taxes are reduced, the price of petrol would come down to Rs 50 and diesel to Rs 40.\" He also brought up pet issues like nursery admissions for which people pay up to Rs 50,000 as donation and the sky rocketing rates in 'five star hospitals.'Kejriwal also spoke of the plight of farmers - sugarcane farmers who are getting a low price for their crop because of alleged involvement of ministers who own sugar mills in Maharashtra. He quoted a Swaminathan report that shows that paddy farmers are paid far less for their crop than they spend on production.Apart from Kejriwal, one of the key speakers on Monday to strike a chord with the people was ex-NSG commando Surender Singh. He drew people's attention to the symbolism of the date '26/11.' Surender said that while on the same day in 1949, the Indian constitution was enacted, ironically it's also the day when India faced a massive terrorist attack in Mumbai in 2009.\"Today is also 26/11. It's a very important date and is symbolic of India's journey. I am glad that the AAP is being launched on this date,\" he said.Surender is hearing impaired from a hand grenade explosion during the operation. He again accused the government of misuse of funds and demanded an audit of the donations received by the government for the welfare of soldiers.Wooing people toward his 'anti-corruption' party, Kejriwal spelt out four vows for his party. \"We vow that we will neither give nor accept bribes. We vow to get voter identity cards made and go and cast our vote. We vow to not take money, alcohol or any other form of bribe to cast our vote. And we vow not to cast our vote based on caste or religion.\" The crowd repeated the vows after him. He also vowed to send corrupt ministers to jail within six months of his party being voted to power. He said Jan Lokpal will be passed in Parliament within 15 days of the AAP coming to power.The party has appointed an internal Lokpal that will investigate graft charges against party workers. The party named 23 members in its national executive, including Manish Sisodia and lawyer Prashant Bhushan. Kejriwal will be the national convener, Pankaj Gupta the national secretary and Krishna Kanth the national treasurer, it was announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17381644", "title": "Dalit group demands dedicated crematorium", "text": "TRICHY: A group of dalits in a village in Trichy district are deprived of crematorium facilities even though there are two separate cremation grounds in the village for the backward community and another for the dalit community.The issue has been prevailing in Ettarai village panchayat in the chief minister's Srirangam Assembly constituency for many decades. The village also happens to be the native place of former AIADMK minister M Paranjothi. As there is no space for dalit people, they are forced to use an open place for the cremation of their dead. At this juncture, a burn injury caused to a youth while cremating the body of a certain Thangammal, 60, a dalit from Ettarai village, provoked the irate people to take up the matter with the Trichy district collector on Monday.S Sakthivel, 40, from Ettarai said, \"We have been using an open place demarcated many years ago for funeral rites as there was no such place for us. During the previous regime, the then village president, K Subramanian, deliberately sanctioned two crematoriums, one for the backward community, and another for a group of dalits. But our people have been denied permission to use the crematorium. So, we have been continuing the old practice of cremating the dead in an open place. On Sunday evening, it was about to rain while we were preparing to cremate the body of Thangammal. We were worried that the rain would affect the cremation as there was no shelter. So, one of us poured petrol on the body to complete the cremation before raining. Unfortunately, one of us sustained burns while lighting the pyre. Hence, we have raised the issue seriously against the injustice to us and submitted a petition to the collector.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380801", "title": "Rumi Darwaza: Monumental epitaph awaits bearers of History", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rumi Darwaza, the gateway to Lucknow's rich heritage, is fast losing its strong footing. The 18th century architectural marvel is facing grave threat from the increasing vehicular traffic that passes under it. But this has failed to move the government machinery to initiate concrete measures to save the magnificent structure that gives a unique identity to city of nawabs.The scar of indifference has surfaced as a massive crack in the main arch of the gateway and is getting more prominent and threatening to its existence. The looming danger is visible to public eye and one can notice the difference if its compared with the old photos of the Rumi Darzawa.Why Save Rumi Darwaza? Architecture in Lucknow is as 'nazuk' (delicate) as its 'mizaaj' (temperament), say INTACH experts and conservation architects. \"The scope for restoration is limited and the risk of damage is high. Slightest carelessness could mean permanent loss of the structure,\" they warn. Explaining the details, member INTACH, Vipul Varshney says, \"Most of the great heritage structures in India are made of stone and some of them have an iron frame within. But in Avadhi architecture, brick and mortar has been shaped into impressive structures like the Rumi Darwaza. Stone has a natural life span of centuries as is evident in Delhi's Purana Quila or the Konark Temple. But the average life of architecture in Lucknow is only a few hundred years, though efforts of conservation can add more years to their life.\"Apathy adding to decay: The apthay is only adding to the natural decay of Rumi Darwaza, the rate of which has been accelerated due to agents like pollution and vehicular vibrations. Experts at INTACH and Archeological Survey of India say that every time a heavy vehicle passes through the arch of the Rumi Darwaza, its foundation get shaken. The action creates a vibration that spreads to the entire monument through a ripple effect. These vibrations and ripples not only increase the existing cracks but also create new ones.Conservation architect Aasheesh Srivastava says that though most of the monuments face the risk of cracks, the extent is higher in the monuments of Avadh. \"Unlike the Mughal monuments and temple construction, the model of architecture in Avadh was that of arch and vault which doesn't involve the use of lintels to support the structure. This makes it more vulnerable to agents of decay,\" Srivastava said, adding, \"a small crack could be fatal for the arch that will not take much time to spread to other parts and cause its collapse.\" Officials also point out that there is little that can be done to brave agents like air pollution and impact of weathering and change of season.Losing tourism potential: Tour operators and experts in tourism industry say that heritage walks are not enough to attract tourists. \"Making packages and holding pseudo festivals in the name of heritage is like living in utopia. Letting the real heritage die is simply tragic,\" said a city-based tour operator. He added that the state tourism department can do wonders for Lucknow if it comes out of Agra-Mathura and Varanasi syndrome. \"If the officials do not wake up now, time is not far when UP may see a repeat of Maitreya fate. UP has lost the multi-million dollar Buddhist statue project to Bihar as it failed to provide the land for the purpose,\" said a tourism sector consultant.Better late than never: So when will the Hussainabad trust and other agencies wake up? Secretary of the trust, OP Pathak said, \"The traffic diversions plan is being readied. We hope to finalize it after Muharram.\" However, one cannot ignore the fact that for the last 10 years, Lucknow district administration has failed to do justice with Rumi Darwaza by dragging the issue of facilitating the ASI to hold repair and restoration work of the monument. So for now, the only thing certain about the majestic Rumi Darwaza is its future, which is bleak considering its progressive decay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17382201", "title": "Gandhi katha in central jail", "text": "VADODARA: Inmates of Vadodara central jail would be enlightened about Mahatma Gandhi's life for the first time. Famous Gandhian Narayan Desai will talk about Gandhi's life and his experiments with truth inside the jail. Desai began the five-day programme on Monday in the presence of hundreds of jail inmates.The jail authorities in Gujarat have requested Desai to hold Gandhi katha in all the jails in Gujarat. Inspector General (Jails) P C Thakur too turned up to attend the programme on Monday. Desai talked about inculcating Gandhi's teachings in life instead of just reading them. \"Don't just listen to Gandhi katha but try to inculcate some of his ideas in life. Bapu used to see God in every human being. If people want to improve their lives they should do it themselves instead of waiting for others to help them,\" Desai told the jail inmates. tnnOne of the inmates, Manoj Patel said, \"It is a good opportunity for us to listen to Bapu's experiments with truth. It can change lives of many inmates forever.\" The inmates also sung 'Vaishnav jan to' during the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381451", "title": "Civic body proposes cycle track along Mutha canal in new DP", "text": "PUNE: The controversy over the Mutha canal road could still be simmering but that hasn't stopped the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to propose cycle tracks along a part of canal tract in the new Development Plan (DP) for the old city area. It has also suggested that the civic body develop cycle tracks along all major and connecting roads in the city.The DP which is applicable to the old city area comprising 17 peths and surrounding areas spanning over 147.85 sq km is now with the general body for discussions. The DP has proposed 96 km new roads and widening of 321 km roads. It has made cycle tracks mandatory for all roads that have widths ranging between 18 and 30 metres.The DP has proposed a cycle track starting from race course on the Mutha right canal up to Hadapsar. \"The civic body can provide basic facilities like drinking water, toilets and parking along the track,\" states the DP. \"The left bank of the Mutha right canal is not used for any purpose by the irrigation department. This space could be used as a cycle track from the race course to Hadapsar. This track will be around 10 km long and PMC could create facilities for pedestrians as well,\" suggests the DP. The document notes that the service road along the right canal from Salisbury Park to Rajaram Bridge should also be developed as a cycle track.The proposed cycle track in the DP comes on the back of a raging controversy over the canal road. Former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar has repeatedly proposed a 17-km-long underground tunnel from Khadakwasla reservoir to Phursungi to resolve city's water woes. The tunnel would need funds to the tune of Rs 1,000 crore and once ready, the land of the existing canal could be used to generate transfer of development rights. The three crore square feet TDR thus generated, could be used for new constructions.According to the irrigation department nearly three TMC water, which is lost in transit between Khadakwasla and Phursungi every year, could be saved if a water tunnel is built between the two places. Money for the same could be raised from the TDRs generated from the canal land, officials contend.But observers and activists aren't convinced. \"The PMC needs to clarify the intention behind the cycle track along the canal. I hope that they are not planning road connecting to some township coming up in the locality. We welcome the cycle track, but then the PMC is not clear in its plan,\" said civic activist Sujit Patwardhan. He added that the PMC should clarify its stand on the proposed bus rapid transit, canal road, cycle track and connecting roads. \"What exactly the PMC is going to do along the canal road should be clear. No decision should be taken arbitrarily, but as part of comprehensive traffic and transport plan,\" said Patwardhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380359", "title": "Clerics remind Akhilesh of SP's election promises", "text": "LUCKNOW: A delegation of Muslim clerics led by Maulana Khalid Rasheed Farangi Mahali met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday and handed over a memorandum reminding the government of the promises that Samajwadi Party (SP) had made to the Muslim community in the run-up to the 2012 assembly elections. The delegation sought immediate release of innocent Muslims booked on terror charges and a firm assurance of safety and security of the minorities by ensuring a check on communal riots in the country.The move, which happens to be the first of its kind, has come as an indicator of the growing restlessness among Muslims under the Samajwadi Party government in the state with regards to promises the party had made before the polls. There is a growing feeling among the Muslims in the state that the government was not as much keen to tackle the problems of Muslims as it has, with regards to other promises it had made to people in general, be it pertaining to unemployment allowance, or loan waivers to farmers.Talking to the TOI after his meeting with the chief minister, Maulana Khalid Rasheed said the government had assured him that all demands will be met soon. \"He said the government was serious regarding problems of the Muslim community and that all the demands will be adhered to on priority basis. He has assured that the government will not allow any discrimination towards Muslims,\" said Maulana Khalid Rasheed.He pointed out that the SP had assured implementation of the recommendations of the Sachchar Committee and Rangnath Misra Commission but nothing at all has been done in this regard except for constituting a committee to look in to the possible sections that can be implemented without any interjections from the law of the land. Asked about the time frame by which the government was expected to meet the demands and the course of action in case the government fails to meet them, Maulana Khalid Rasheed, who is also Imam of Eidgah, said: \"As of today, I see no reason the government would not live up to the promises the SP had made before the elections. If the government fails to live up to the promises, we will resort to other ways of drawing attention of the government to the issues. But I strongly believe such a situation will not arise,\" he said.Apart from the release of innocent Muslims booked in terror cases and security of minorities from communal clashes, the memorandum demanded jobs of Muslim Muallims (teachers), introducing Urdu as a compulsory subject in curriculum of schools in Uttar Pradesh, including Madrasas (Islamic schools) on the grant list of the government and making registration of nikahnama optional for Muslims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "tripunithura", "code": "17381281", "title": "A birthday treat for kathakali maestro", "text": "TRIPUNITHURA: Kannankulangara Oottupura hall, the venue of the 60th birthday celebrations of the kathakali singer Kalamandalam Gopalakrishnan, witnessed the performance of all traditional art forms of Kerala in the presence of stalwarts on Sunday.It began with Madavoor Vasudevan Nair, Kalamandalam Gopi, Kalamandalam Gangadharan and Nelliyodu Vasudevan Namboothiri, jointly lighting the lamp to mark the beginning of the celebrations.This was followed by the rendering of sopana sangeetham by singer Ambalapuzha Vijayakumar and thayambaka by Manjeri Haridas.The staging of kathakali sangeetham by Cherthala Thankappa Panicker, Kalamandalam Gangadharan, Madamb Subrahmanyan Namboothiri, Palanadu Divakaran and Kottakkal Madhu could recreate the memories of some immortal scenes from selected attakathas.This unique series of kathakali sangeetham unveiled the conventional rendering style rooted in tradition, preserved by stalwarts of yesteryears like Kalamandalam Gangadharan and Madamb Subrahmanyan Namboothiri and also the generation next flavour like that of Kottakkal Madhu.\"The programme was designed in such a way to include almost all the traditional art forms related to kathakali to mark the birthday celebrations of our beloved teacher, Kalamandalam Gopalakrishnan,\" said R L V Maheshkumar, a renwoned chenda artist and disciple of Gopalakrishnan.Besides this, Mohiniattom by Paris Lakshmi, vocal concert by Trichy Ganesh and staging of rugmangada charitham and dakshayaagam kathakali were also held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17384272", "title": "A trendy finish", "text": "The evening chill hardly proved dampener for the city's prominent set of citizens, including the top brass of cops, leading entrepreneurs of city and some frontline army officers, who weathered all odds this Sunday night to dress to the nines. The occasion being the post tournament party of Times IGP Golf Tournament (Haryana and Himachal leg), being held in association with The Times of India, the excitement was palpable at this terrace venue especially spruced up for the occasion, in Panchkula, Sector 5. Amidst pleasantries and happy laughter ringing in the night air, the do also witnessed some emotional moments as UT SSP Naunihal Singh delivered a small note for DGP PK Srivastava, who is gearing up to hang his boots, post retirement from the services. While soft music provided the perfect backdrop, conversation flowed easily at this very select gathering, over finest drinks and sumptuous delicacies. If a few talked about the success of the tournament, others were busy confirming dates for the next, and final, leg of the tourney to be held in March. The event concluded with photo sessions clicked for sweet memories over decadent desserts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17380638", "title": "Alok Joshi as RAW head 'vindicates recognition of merit'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet giving green signal to the appointment of senior IPS officer Alok Joshi as head of external intelligence agency RAW, his former colleagues in Haryana police are jubilant.A 1976 batch officer from Haryana cadre, Joshi, 59, hails from Lucknow. Joshi had passed his masters degree in political science from Hindu College, Delhi. After elevation to the premier police services, Joshi took his training from Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Police Academy, Hyderabad, from 1976 to 1978.In Haryana, his first posting was ASP (under training) in Gurgaon in 1978. Next year, he moved to Faridabad to join as ASP. Later, he held important assignments in the state police, including inspector general of police in Ambala police range. \"Joshi is a thorough professional and great human being, who always remains concerned about the welfare of his juniors in the force,\" said Shriniwas Vashisht, director general of Haryana police, who took training as ASP, Rohtak, under the guidance of Joshi in 1984.Joshi has also served in Intelligence Bureau as joint director in 2005. In 2010, he was appointed special secretary in cabinet secretariat, Delhi.Haryana government officers are happy with the important assignment being given to state cadre officers. \"It shows recognition given to the merit of Haryana cadre officers. It clearly shows that the state police provide great quality of leadership to its officers,\" said Samir Mathur, state home secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17382811", "title": "Thrashed by teacher, boy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s ear drums ruptured", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another shocking case of corporal punishment, the ear drums of a class-VII student were ruptured on Saturday after his teacher repeatedly slapped him for not completing his homework. On Monday , the family members of the boy lodged an FIR against the teacher.According to the police, the incident occurred at New Indian School situated near railway station in Jhunjhunu . \"The victim, Rahul (10), is class VII student. He hails from Badalvas village in Jhunjhunu's Khetari area and resides at his maternal uncle's house in the town's New Colony to pursue his studies,\" said SHO, Kotwali police station Rajendra Rawat.The boy's uncle Ravindra Kumar has alleged in the FIR that Rahul had gone to school without completing his homework on Saturday. \"Rahul's teacher Anil Kumar got agitated over it and slapped him. When the boy covered his ears with his hands for protection, the teacher forcefully removed the hands and slapped him repeatedly. One of the ears started bleeding due to the beating,\" said the officer.The school administration rushed the boy to a government hospital without informing the family, the officer said. However, when the family was informed, they rushed the boy to a private hospital. \"The doctors said the boy's ear drum was damaged due to beating. Rahul is still undergoing treatment. His medical examination was conducted after family lodged an FIR. We are awaiting the report,\" the officer added. Police said that the teacher will be arrested if the medical report proves that his ear drum got damaged due to the beating. The incident comes close on the heels of Piya's death on Nov 18. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17380876", "title": "Govt finally acts to secure Sree Chithra Poor Home", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Minister for social welfare M K Muneer on Tuesday said that Sree Chithra Poor Home would be subjected to a total revamp to ensure the safety of the inmates. The minister was speaking to the reporters after inspecting the poor home, following the latest controversies that engulfed the institution.Muneer said that the revamp of the poor home will be carried out according to a master plan, which has already been prepared. He ordered the director of social welfare to conduct a probe into all the issues, including two boys trying to flea the poor home and the molestation bid allegation raised by a nine-year-old inmate. The director was also ordered to file the report on Wednesday. Swift action would be taken based on the report, the minister said. Muneer added that steps would be taken to construct a new building inside the main campus to accommodate the boys' shelter which is currently located outside. Various manufacturing units that are functioning inside the campus would be moved outside to facilitate this. \"All the inmates should be lodged inside the same campus so as to ensure their safety,\" the minister said.Steps would also be taken to shift adult male inmates out of the institution. They would be accommodated in other poor homes under the social welfare department.Earlier in the day, during discussions, the poor home authorities requested the minister that the adult and earning inmates of the institution be relocated outside the campus. They pointed out that there were as many as nine adult female inmates who had jobs outside.Their activities affected the sense of decorum at the poor home, the authorities said. Some of them even possess mobile phones which are banned inside the campus. The authorities even said that these inmates were trying to create division among others and were deliberately tarnishing the reputation of the institution.Minister for health V S Sivakumar and social welfare department director M S Jaya were also present when Muneer inspected the poor home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17380929", "title": "Rampant use of forged papers in land scam", "text": "Investigating the multi-crore bank fraud which shook the city last week, the economic offence wing (EOW) has seized more than 130 files of housing loans which were used by the accused to unscrupulously clear loans under various categories.Cops had initially said that the scam has caused losses of Rs 20 crore but now, the probe is indicating financial irregularities were on a larger scale.Cops said that there has been a rampant use of fake property registration papers, educational certificates, surety bonds, signatures, driving licences, ration cards, PAN cards and even photographs.\"It's a close-knitted network and scores of people are involved in the scam either directly or indirectly. We have scrutinized the files and there has been a widespread use of fake documents and signatures,\" said Anil Joshi, deputy superintendent of police (EOW).\"Fake inspection reports, maps and architectural plans have been attached with the files. The mastermind hired middlemen and people from across Punjab. They were paid commission charges,\" Joshi said.Joshi said cops are finding it difficult to arrest the accused since phone numbers and addresses mentioned in the files are fake. More bankers might be involved.So far, police have arrested five persons, including former manager of Punjab and Sind bank Rajinder Singh Kalsi.Cops said they expect around a dozen more arrests from parts of Punjab, Haryana and Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17381352", "title": "School reopens after tank collapse", "text": "BHOPAL: A week after the overhead tank (OHT) collapsed at Sai Baba Nagar, Maharishi Dayanand Higher Secondary School adjoining to it reopened and resumed normal working on Monday. The school, which was just 25 ft away from the collapsed tank, had borne the brunt of the collapse as three of its classrooms were damaged and one of the pillars bent.Owner of the school, Vivek Bhatia said, \"There was around 85% attendance on Monday, a week after the school reopened.\"He said that initially the school was closed for three days and then it was extended to another three days.\"All this while, the debris was being cleared from the playground and the building. That took up the maximum time,\" he said.Most teachers were also present at the school.\"Some parents did express concern about safety of their children as there was barricade but the building would again be tested later on coming Saturday. But most have said that the risk of the water tank is no more,\" said Bhatia.Bhatia informed that there was no permanent structural damage to the school. Also smart classes resumed on Monday as the projectors and computers which were damaged have been replaced.\"All our classes are digital. Some were affected due to the water gushing out of the tank. Those equipments have been replaced. Also the loss of one week's study would be compensated for in the coming days,\" he said.\"This is a crucial time as examinations are near. We would soon conduct extra classes on Sundays to make up for the lost time. We expect full attendance in the coming days,\" he added.Probe still pending?The school education department is yet to carry out a probe of the educational institution. District education officer (DEO) C M Upadhyay talking to TOI on November 20 had said, \"We shall conduct an enquiry of the Maharish Dayanand Higher Secondary School on Wednesday. The land records, permissions, affiliation papers etc shall be checked and if any discrepancies are found then action would be taken accordingly against the school owner.\" On Monday, when TOI asked the DEO about the inspection, he replied, \"An inspection has been carried out today. We shall divulge the details later. It was conducted by block education officer (BEO) Phanda.\" When TOI contacted BEO Phanda, Narendra Sharma, he said, \"No inspection was conducted on Monday. I am unaware about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17379757", "title": "Fire mishap: Two women battling for life", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two women who sustained critical burns in the fire mishap at Puppalguda, which claimed 6 lives, are battling for life at the state-run Osmania General Hospital (OGH) on Monday. Anxious relatives were present round the clock, praying for their well-being outside the hospital ward.M Anantharawamma, 55, one of the women injured in the accident was staying at her son-in-law Venugopal's flat 101 at the time of the mishap. She sustained 71per cent burns and is critical, doctors said. Hospital staff were seen at times rushing towards her bed to check on her condition.\"When she came to the hospital, her condition was very bad and we are trying to do our best to save her life,\" said a doctor present at the ward.Anantharawamma has been repeatedly asking for her twin grandsons, who were born to her daughter Sarada and Venugopaljust 11 days ago, witnesses said. She was hoping to name them at a ceremony which was to be held soon and was busy attending to relatives and friends on Sunday, when the mishap took place.The second inmate of the apartment who got injured is G Padma, 37, and a resident of flat 401, who sustained 64 per cent burns.She along with her two children were in the flat when the fire broke out. While both her children escaped unhurt, she got caught inside and could not make her way out, her relative said. Her two children, aged 10 and 13 years are staying with close relatives and have been inquiring about their mother's health.Both the women are admitted in the acute burns care ward of OGH and doctors have informed relatives that their prognosis is guarded. \"Both are conscious and are able to talk. They have burns all over their body. Their condition is critical,\" said another doctor.While the family members of both victims made inquiries if they can shift them to a better equipped facility, they were advised against it. Family members were not sure whether the hospital was equipped to handle critical cases.\"You cannot think about shifting now. It is too dangerous,\" their families were told by a doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17382112", "title": "BJP bowl googly at Bapa\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s bat", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17379534", "title": "Malakpet govt quarters ready, waiting for CM to open", "text": "HYDERABAD: A new residential complex with 224 flats has been constructed for government employees at Malakpet Colony, but the government is yet to fix 'muhurtham' for their inauguration.Though over 1,000 employees have applied for government accommodation, the general administration (Accom) department (GAD) would allot them first to officials above assistant secretary level and the remaining to others.Incidentally, this is the first residential complex constructed by the government after a gap of nearly five decades. The government has spent over Rs 40 crore on the construction of the 224 flats in two blocks on two acres land. The late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy had laid the foundation stone for the residential complex in 2008. \"The roads and buildings (R&B;) department has communicated to the chief minister's office (CMO) about the completion of the residential complex two months ago and requested CM Kiran Kumar Reddy to inaugurate it. The department started construction in 2009 and completed it two months ago,\" R&B; superintending engineer, South Building Division (SBD), Azeem Osman told TOI. Giving details of the new residential complex, the SE said, \"We have constructed 224 flats in A and B blocks. A block has 56 flats, while in B there are 168. The 'A' block has seven floors with eight flats each, while 'B' block has seven floors with 24 flats each.\"Utility services like water, electricity and lift have already been provided at the residential complex. The fire services department has already given 'no objection certificate' (NOC). \"Once, the complex is inaugurated, we will hand it over to the general administration (Accom) department,\" the SE said.GAD deputy secretary T Gopal Reddy said there was a huge demand for government accommodation.\"We have received over 1,000 applications from employees for government accommodation. However, the new flats are meant for above assistant secretary cadre only.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17380331", "title": "Youth gets life term for killing vendor", "text": "A 21-year-old youth has been sentenced to life imprisonment by a Delhi court for stabbing a vegetable vendor to death. Additional sessions judge Vijay Kumar Dahiya awarded the jail term to Pankaj for stabbing Dharmender in Mahavir Enclave in west Delhi over a tiff on payment of tomatoes eaten by the convict and his friends. The court rejected the prosecution's plea for capital punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380401", "title": "No more 'passing' reference for Gomtinagar railway station", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways has decided to develop Gomtinagar railway station as a three-line 'passing-through' station, and all the major trains going towards Gorakhpur will pass through Gomtinagar. The residents of Lucknow, therefore, will get another boarding point for trains other than Charbagh. KK Srivastava, member traffic, Railway Board on Monday discussed the development of Gomtinagar station as a 'passing-through' station with the officials of Lucknow division of North Eastern Railway (NER).The Railway board has sanctioned Rs 8.21 crore for the development of Gomtinagar station. While Rs 4 crore has been sanctioned this year, the remaining amount will be sanctioned next year. tnnThe work at the station will start next month. And, it will be made ready for operation of trains by December 2013. \"We will be able to give more stoppages to trains passing through our division,\" said VK Yadav, DRM, NER, Lucknow.Gomtinagar station always functioned as a halt station, though it never qualified as a halt, given its infrastructure. It has two fully constructed platforms, a building providing computerised reservation, an under-constructed additional track, railway quarters and a well-constructed approach road. On the contrary, a halt, as per the rule book, should have a few benches, shady trees, one or two water points and a single agent to sell tickets. The cost for the construction of a halt does not even remotely touch the Rs one-crore mark.The station was built out of an initial investment of Rs 42 crore, what followed later was pittance. The station has been hit hard by the changing governments at the Centre. It was announced to be developed as a terminal station in 2003 by Atal Bihari Vajpayee , though the successive governments never let it happen for the sprawling station. The funds to the station were also frozen. But, now things might improve for it.Apart from discussing the development of Gomtinagar station, the member traffic also had detailed discussions about the ongoing projects at the division, and apart from giving directions towards timely completion of projects, also sought opinions from the officers. The timely operation of new trains and extension of existing ones, augmentation of extra coaches, cleanliness of trains and stations, security, cabway facilities, doubling of railway sections, electrification of routes and development of model and 'adarsh' stations was also discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17382153", "title": "Assembly to allow live coverage of proceedings", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar assembly has decided to allow the live coverage of its proceedings, including the private TV channels, to \"show functioning of democracy without any censure.\"\"I will allow any electronic media even private ones for live coverage of assembly proceedings,\" Speaker Udai Narayan Chaudhary said addressing a meeting of Press Advisory Committee here.The step is aimed at showing functioning of democracy without any curbs as the NDA government in state believes in promoting transparency, he said. On apprehensions raised by some members that it could be \"risky\" as some unruly scenes could be beamed to people live, the Speaker said \"I always tell members to be sincere in their conduct as their action would be seen by the public without any censure.\" The winter session of Assembly is starting from November 29 next. The five-day session will end on March 5. Chaudhary said in yet another innovative step, the Assembly has made a provision to bring 50 school children, 25 boys and as many girls, everyday from different parts of the state to have a first hand knowledge of functioning of Legislative body and also see performance of their elected representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17380320", "title": "Youth who attacked girl over unrequited love held", "text": "THANE: The police on Monday arrested Prashant Katalkar (23) for allegedly stabbing a 16-year-old schoolgirl and two others who tried to stop him.On November 12, angered by unrequited love, Katalkar and his friend Chalke pelted stones at the girl's house in Pisavli village, between Dombvli and Kalyan. When the girl did not come out, he broke through the tin roof of her house with a a knife. He repeatedly stabbed the girl and chased her when she ran out for help. The girl's neighbours, Lalita Jha and her son Mitun, rushed to her help, but Katalkar attacked them too before escaping. The girl is still undergoing treatment at KEM hospital.Mahendra Shinde, assistant police inspector of Manpada police station, said, \"A week before this attack, Katalkar had assaulted the girl. Following the girl's complaint, Katalkar was arrested and later released on bail.\"Cops managed to nab Chalke while Katalkar reportedly fled to Satara, from where he went to Sangli and then Manmad. On Sunday, when he ran out of money, he returned to Kalyan.\"We got a tip-off that he will go to his house on Monday. We nabbed him before he could enter the house,\" said Shinde. An investigator, Ganesh Jadhav, said Katalkar has confessed to the attacks. Katalkar will be produced before a court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381854", "title": "Student poisoned for not aiding culprit to befriend girl", "text": "NAGPUR: A 16-year-old student was administered poison through cold drinks after he refused help to some youngsters to befriend a girl on Saturday. Sachinkumar Tiwari, a Std IX student who missed his examination on Monday due to this incident, was rushed to Mayo hospital after he was spotted by an acquaintance in an in an unconscious state on the road.Tiwari, still reeling under fear, said accused Pranay Gajbhiye (18) and his teenage accomplices thrashed him before forcibly giving him a cold drink likely to be mixed with poison. Tiwari collapsed after drinking the beverage.It is learnt, Tiwari knew a girl, also a Std IX student, from his tuition class at Gawalipura in Gittikhadan. Gajbhiye and his friends wanted to befriend the girl. The youngsters had also once threatened Tiwari, son of an WCL security personnel, of dire consequences after they spotted him talking to the girl outside the class.Not wanting to aggravate the situation, Tiwari said, he promised the culprits on avoiding the girl henceforth. \"Gajbhiye later started harassing me for getting him introduced to the girl. He even tried to threaten and thrash me a couple of times but I did not report it to my parents considering it as a trivial matter,\" said Tiwari. He said now he is feeling threatened by Gajbhiye and his gang. \"I was thrashed with hockey sticks on one occasion,\" he added.On Saturday, Tiwari was headed to his friend's place at Deepak Nagar when Gajbhiye and his accomplices intercepted him. \"I was dragged to one side where they first thrashed me and later offered a cold drink. It tasted awful. Soon after yellow colour froth started coming out from my mouth,\" he said, adding, \"It was an acquaintance who informed my family members after spotting me on the road in an unconscious condition.\"Gittikhadan police, who were alerted by the Mayo police booth, rounded up Gajbhiye and two others slapping them with section 328 of Indian penal code (IPC) for offering Tiwari drink laced with poison.In a separate case, a roadside Romeo was let off the hook by Ambazari police after an engineering student complained that the culprit thrashed her on the road after she refused to speak to him. Despite the fact that the culprit was trying to kidnap the girl, Ambazari police decided to settle the matter with a non-cognizable complaint, it has been learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17381593", "title": "Pyari threat adds to CM woes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Already facing severe heat thanks to his bitter fallout with expelled BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra, chief minister Naveen Patnaik is expected to encounter a belligerent Opposition when the winter session of the state Assembly gets underway on Tuesday.For Naveen, it could very well be a battle on two fronts, feel political analysts. One, he has to counter the Congress and the BJP's ammunition. Two, he has to keep his flock together, lest Pyari and Co play spoilsport.\"While the Opposition has definitely smelt blood following the rift within the ruling BJD and would aim to go for the kill inside the House, the real challenge would lie in ensuring that treasury bench does not suffer from internal sabotage,\" admitted a BJD MLA, preferring anonymity.This, in fact, would be the first Assembly session since Pyari formed the Odisha Jan Morcha (OJM). The Rajya Sabha member, who allegedly attempted an aborted coup against Naveen on May 29, has on different occasions indicated that he stills enjoys the support of a large number of legislators, though no one has thus far come out in open support of him.\"Those who have an affinity towards Pyari are keeping their cards close to their chests. They are hopeful of getting BJD tickets in the next elections, but if they are denied they would surely turn coat,\" noted a BJD minister, considered to be opposed to Pyari. \"Hence those MLAs might not do anything obvious during the winter session. But then their nuisance value cannot be discarded,\" the minister cautioned.Leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh , in turn, made clear the Congress' intent to nail down the ruling party and seek Naveen's scalp. \"We will raise different issues, including those plaguing farmers and the mysterious death of an ayurvedic doctor (Madhabilata Pradhan) in Puri,\" Singh said following a meeting of the Congress Legislature Party. The main Opposition party plan to come hard on Naveen over the state government tapping phones of over 4600 people in the last four years and the 'illegal' deal between state-owned Odisha Mining Corporation and Delhi-based Sainik Mining and Allied Services Limited for coal mining in Odisha. \"Naveen has been removing ministers whenever there is any allegation against them. Now, he should quit because there are allegations him,\" Singh added.BJP, also, wants to go hammer and tongs against the BJD government over the phone tapping and coal mining issues, said party lawmaker Karendra Majhi.Naveen said the government was ready to take on the rivals. \"We are prepared to face any discussion the Opposition raises,\" the CM said after meetings his party MLAs. \"We will bring various issues including the scams of the UPA government,\" he added. The BJD would highlight alleged central neglect and price rise, among other issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382154", "title": "PIL seeks special probe into Loba firing", "text": "KOLKATA: A PIL filed in the Calcutta high court on Monday demanded a fresh probe by a special investigation team in the November 6 Dubrajpur police firing. It also seeks to expose a legal lacuna after the Mamata Banerjee-led government chose to scrap a half-a-century old regulation that justified police firing.Even before the completion of an ongoing enquiry by ADG (Law and Order) Surjajit Kar Purakayastha to probe the incident, the state home secretary Basudeb Banerjee - and later even chief minister Mamata Banerjee - have remained in a state of denial that police had actually fired at villagers in Loba village of Birbhum.Petitioner Imtiaz Ahmed on Monday appealed that the state police should immediately be stopped from investigating the matter and Rs 5-lakh compensation be paid to each of the six villagers injured in the firing. Ahmed's advocate-on-record Uday Shankar Chatterjee said: \"We apprehend the state government will now try to suppress the fact that villagers had indeed suffered bullet wounds. Media reports had shown used ammunition shells and bullet wounds.\" The matter is likely to come up for hearing on Tuesday.The petitioner has also dwelt on the issue of police firing for self-defence. Though a police officer can use firearms to disperse unlawful assembly under Sections 129-130 CrPC, how to do it was defined in the Regulation 155(b) of the Police Regulations, Bengal, 1943. The government later chose to do away with it. So if a police officer opens fire in Bengal now, it will be deemed illegal. In the November 14 Tehatta police firing, SDPO Sailesh claimed he had fired to defend himself. However, in Dubrajpur, if the ongoing inquiry indicates any police firing, the cops may face homicide charges.Chief justice S S Nijjar and Justice Pinaki Chandra Ghosh, in their 2007 order declaring the Nandigram police firing as illegal, had observed: \"Regulation 155(b) would seem to be violative of Articles 14, 19(1) (b) and 21. It is difficult to perceive a situation where in a crowd, an officer would be able to single out the targets and identify them for the firing party. The intention of this clause would, therefore, seem to be to crush the demonstration rather than to control or disperse an unlawful assembly. This clause can be easily abused by the officer. The possibility of numerous innocent persons being killed on the basis of wrong identification, mistaken identity, negligence and sheer inaptitude cannot be ruled out. Such a Regulation would be clearly arbitrary and violative of Articles 14 and 21.\"The order was challenged by the Left government in the Supreme Court. The Mamata Banerjee government has withdrawn the Special Leave Petition giving legal finality to the high court decision.PRB's 155(b) says, \"He (read a police officer) shall direct the firing in such a way as to secure immediate effect with a minimum of injury. Firing over the heads of the crowd or in any direction except on members of the crowd is strictly forbidden; as being likely both to cause injury to innocent persons at a distance and to embolden the participants in the disturbance by having no visible effect. Before he gives the actual order to fire, he should specify the range, the target and the number of rounds to be fired.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380429", "title": "Research in music should be promoted", "text": "LUCKNOW: His hands were trembling, but the love for his music, they were as strong as concrete. Padma Vibhushan awardee Pandit Hari Prasad Chaurasia, who performed in the city on Monday, said that the future of Indian classical music is extremely bright. But, the irony is that fewer Indians would be remembered for their contribution in the modern context.\"The world is exploring the therapeutic aspect of Indian music through diverse research projects. But, we are yet to catch up,\" he said adding that institutions like Bhatkhande should promote it. He also rubbished the notion that there is dearth of good classical singer. tnn\"The talent is definitely there. But it is not getting enough stage, as there are few listeners. Efforts should be made to promote classical music as a hobby. Regular festivals and concerts should also be organised,\" he said, and called upon the generation in love with fusion and jazz to delve into the sea of classical music. \"Only when you get into it, you would realise, how deep it is. And Indian classical music is not just deep, it is a world of wonder,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380183", "title": "Is Mumbai police better prepared?", "text": "MUMBAI: A question that consistently hovers on every Mumbaikar's lips since November 26, 2008 is whether the Mumbai police is now better prepared to meet a Fidayeen attack.I have no doubt at all that if another such attack does take place in this city, the police will react much more concertedly than in 2008, and I say this not nearly because they are now more experienced! Let me say that I do not expect another Fidayeen attack in the foreseeable future. The intelligence that was available on the last occasion had not percolated to the ground and it is hardly likely that this type of vacuum has not been filled by now.Consequent to 26/11, a specialized unit of the National Security Guard (NSG) has been located on the outskirts of the city and a specialized unit of the state police called Force-One with trained commandos has also been raised. The NSG unit and the commandos of Force-One are well trained and fully equipped and will reach the scene of occurrence very quickly after being alerted. They only have to collect their arms and equipment and jump into their vehicles to rush to the spot.Now what about the policemen manning the police stations? These are the men who arrive first at the spot. Should they be equipped with bulletproof jackets and more lethal weapons? It is unreasonable to expect them to face such grave situations with just lathis and a few .303 rifles. But even if a few bulletproof jackets are supplied to each police station, these men will not be ready to dobattle as they are not trained for this form of combat.As regards weapons, it is neither necessary nor desirable to arm ordinary policemen with lethal weapons at normal times and if they are not mentally attuned to use such weapons, it is not good policy to give it to them when terror strikes. They should await the arrival of the specialized units who alone can tackle brainwashed terrorists.What the beat policemen should do is to befriend the local population living in their areas. Only then can they get information about suspicious movements and suspicious strangers. In particular, they must befriend the community to which the terrorists belong and treat them with dignity and respect. Terrorists will take shelter in localities in which their community dominates. Terrorist attacks on trains, buses and crowded localities, planned and executed by local malcontents, can possibly be averted if local population respects and trusts policemen and share their suspicions with them.But what is of paramount importance is good leadership and better supervision at senior levels of the police hierarchy. People should not be asking \"Who is in charge?\" like they did on 26/11. The choice of such leaders should not be made on the basis of political patronage but on basis of ability and qualities of leadership. The people should demand this from those empowered to decide.(The writer is former police commissioner of Mumbai)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17381260", "title": "Central funds: Ajay demands white paper", "text": "BHOPAL: Leader of opposition in MP Assembly, Ajay Singh, on Monday demanded a white paper on the funds received by the state from the UPA-Centre over the past nine years.Singh alleged that whenever the BJP government's incompetence is exposed before the people and farmers, the party in power immediately shifts the blame on the Congress-led UPA-Centre.He alleged that the BJP has been continuously accusing the Centre of discrimination over funds allocation but the Union government has over the last two years sanctioned more than Rs 10,000 crores under various schemes.He claimed Rs 1,400 crore was sanctioned and given for agricultural development while a sum of Rs 17,193 crore has been granted to the state under the Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREGS). Since the Congress-led UPA came to power, the state also received more than Rs 7,000 crore under National Rural Health Mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17382068", "title": "Patna University polls: Girls may be game changers", "text": "PATNA: Various hostels of the Patna University (PU) and its colleges are witnessing frenzied activity ahead of the students' union polls on December 11. PU girls' hostels, too, have turned into hotbeds of activity. The expectations of girl voters are high from the candidates in the poll fray and they are no less interested than boys in the elections.It is no wonder then that at various hostels, girls are busy in convincing other students to support the candidates of their choice. The place of discussion has now shifted to the common rooms and mess of the girls' hostel.\"In case of hostels, we are at least sure that most of the occupants will come out to vote,\" said Mansi Pandey, a BSc student of Patna Womens' College, who is busy convincing her hostel mates to support her friend who is contesting for the polls.There are three girls colleges in PU, and in the remaining co-ed colleges also girl's strength is not less than 30%. With such a huge strength, getting girls' votes can be a game changer for any candidate. Realizing the fact, all the contesting candidates are busy promising to fulfil the demands of girls, so as to muster their support.\"After 28 years, we have got the chance to elect a forum where we will be able to freely express our feelings. Every student has lots of expectations from the forthcoming election. We are in no mood to get swayed by false promises,\" said Ankita Kumari, a zoology student at Magadh Mahila College.Supporting Ankita, her batchmate Shilpi Singh said, \"We have already started discussing whom to vote for, who is the most capable contender? We have decided to vote for the candidate who will support and ensure girls' safety on the campus. College gates have become the 'adda' of boys who pass obscene comments on every girl passing from there. We get very irritated by these incidents and many a time it get worse when we try and retaliate and these boys start using abusive language. We girls have decided that our leader would be the one who would not just make promises but also solve our problems.\"This students' union is supposed to get defunct after the final examinations in March, after that a new union will be elected. In such a condition, many students are sceptical about any benefits from the students union. \"Our exams are starting in March, but instead of studies, nights these days are spent in discussing the upcoming election. Some of us doubt the usefulness of this union as its tenure would be very short and working for the welfare of the students in such a short span is not possible. Even then, we have decided to support the candidates who would support girls' safety,\" said Archana Kumari, a Sociology student of Patna University.The pitiable condition of students' hostels is very much an issue in the elections. Many girl students have decided to support those candidates who would promise to improve the condition of their hostels. \"We stay away from our homes, this fact is in itself is very upsetting and then we have to eat the unhealthy food and stay in an unhygienic condition. It's time to bring a change,\" said Mohita Jha, a BN College graduation student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ever since michael turned two in january 2008, his mother annie prince knew that she wanted to put him in a leading cbse school near their home. there was only one problem", "code": "17380841", "title": "Old wins gold in school", "text": "Ever since Michael turned two in January 2008, his mother Annie Prince knew that she wanted to put him in a leading CBSE school near their home. There was only one problem: Michael did not meet the age criterion.They told her he was younger by a month, and that he would have to seek admission in LKG only the next year, Annie said. \"I thought it was unreasonable that the school should make such a fuss over 30 days, and I decided to put him in another school where I knew the principal. She agreed to take him in,\" Annie added.Little did Annie know that she would have given Michael a distinct edge over his classmates if she had taken the principal's advice. A recent study by Report Bee for the state school education department, has shown that being an older child in class is an advantage and that \"positive mindset at a young age will be beneficial throughout the child's life.\"School heads said many parents like Annie insist that they admit their child in school even if they don't meet the age requirement. \"We have noticed that the parents are either overambitious or face peer pressure from their social circle,\" said P Vishnucharan, correspondent of Shree Niketan Group of Schools.The study shows that the state insists that parents put children in Class 1 only once they are five years old, but parents push institutions to take in children born in June, who barely make the deadline. This makes these children the youngest in class. July and Augustborn children are usually admitted the next year, but many private matriculation schools are lenient with the rules and parents often manage to enroll their child the same year. However, parents of children born in September are forced to admit their wards only during the next admission cycle.The study concludes that this pattern has reflected in the marks, with the oldest children in class (usually born in September) scoring the highest grades. The study also shows that the second oldest - born in October - score slightly less and so on.Parents argue that the difference may be noticeable initially, but younger children may rise to the challenge. However, as writer Malcolm Gladwell says, studies have shown that, \"The small initial advantage that the child born in the early part of the year has over the child born at the end of the year persists. It locks children into patterns of achievement and underachievement, encouragement and discouragement, that stretch on and on for years.\"There are practical reasons too. In the event of a tie between students with the same marks, preference is always given to the older candidate. \"School principals have been saying this for several years now. Now we have evidence to prove it,\" Vishnucharan said. With the admission season upon the city, here's a tip for parents: don't try to enroll your children in school early.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380607", "title": "Poets' society strives to regain purple patch", "text": "CHENNAI: Their motto is to carry on writing poems for the love of poetry in their purple paradise where they weave words in their flights of imagination. With humble beginnings in 1996, a Poetry Foundation conceived by people with literary taste, transformed into the Chennai Poets Circle (CPC)in 2003 to give it a local relevance.The CPC is not a registered body and comprises people from various walks of life who write for their own pleasure. But it is an important forum for giving budding poets a platform to speak and to continue the tradition of Indian English poetry, CPC president M Thiruveni told TOI in the run up to the forum's annual meet scheduled on December 8. at the World University Service Centre Hall in Chetpet.\"We have 50 to 60 regulars now and though we hail from different linguistic states, write in English to reach out to a wider audience,\" said Thiruveni, a retired Professor of English from Presidency College. They meet once a month at different venues in T-Nagar to read their poems and discuss the finer points of content and style. Syed Ameeruddin, founder-president of the city-based International Poets Academy, describes the CPC as a vibrant body of poets who write for their own amusement not motivated by commercial concerns.Nithie Victor, Vice-President of the CPC, notes most members write free verse without bothering about metre or rhyme which is the trend internationally. \"This is generally prose written like verse in small sentences, whereas just a few of us take pains over metre and rhythm,\" explains this retired Reserve Bank of India official. who graduated in pure mathematics from the American College, Madurai and went on to pursue a post graduate degree in English language and literature from the Madras Christian College, Tambaram.\"The most popular metre is the Iambic metre that is essentially an unaccented syllable followed by an accented syllable as opposed to the less popular Trochaic metre which comprises an accented syllable followed by an unaccented one. Broadly the metres are like beats in music with a rhyme and rhythm of their own,'' Victor elaborated adding, \"there are also blank verses which are metre without rhyme characteristic of somebody like Milton who wrote long passages omitting rhyme\". However, Victor would not like to belittle free verse style as necessarily lacking in literary value which is the typical view of the purists. The CPC's anthology of poems which he edits, has been called 'Efflorescence\" in the sense of a poetic blooming or flowering of expression.Chartered Accountant S Kannan, a founder member regaled members recently at the CPC monthly meet with a poem taking off the 'coalgate'. He believes poetry has to come down from the abstract and romantic to a more mundane level to address the current issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17381032", "title": "Oral cancer goes viral", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mahesh Patel, 45, had difficulty swallowing food and water since the past six months. What started as a minor discomfort became a source of extreme pain when taking in even a gulp of water was taxing. Patel consulted an ENT specialist who suspected cancer and referred him to a cancer specialist.Patel, who has never touched tobacco in his life, was aghast when he was diagnosed with cancer on the base of his tongue. \"Since there was no history of cancer and the cancer was typical of those caused by the most commonly sexually transmitted disease- Human Papilloma Virus (HPV)-we got a test done to confirm the virus. It was positive\", says leading oral cancer surgeon Dr Kaustubh Patel.Ahmedabad is considered the capital of oral cancers with 40 per cent of cancers recorded being cancers of the mouth, mostly caused by tobacco and gutkha chewing. Now, another risk factor is emerging from the bedroom.Heart to heart exchange with the doctor revealed that Patel had a history of oral sex which is now being considered one of the most common risk factors for contracting oral cancer caused by HPV. Patel did not need surgery and responded well to radiotherapy and chemotherapy. In fact, globally, doctors are warning men of thinking twice about going down on a woman, since there is a high chance that she may be infected at some point with HPV virus which could, years down the line, give throat cancer.\"Globally, oral cancer caused by oral sex is a growing cause of concern. In fact, in US where robotic surgery is now being extensively used to treat such patients, experts call it the HPV epidemic\", says Dr Patel who has treated 14 proven cases of HPV related oral cancers in the past two years.Dr Patel says that India is likely to see a rise in the coming years as the lifestyle of people change more on the lines of the west. Plus, the viral spread is only likely to increase.He says that there is little that men can do really to protect themselves from this virus as avoiding oral sex alone will not help. \"Foreign studies have revealed that virgins who have done nothing but open-mouthed kissing have been found to be infected. One study even discovered that kissing may increase your risk of oral infection more than having intercourse. A study conducted by University of Washington found that half of women who had had only one sexual partner were infected with the virus after three years of partnership. Condoms are helpful, but HPV can attach to so many different surfaces including the base of the finger nails that even they are not foolproof\".(name of patient changed to protect identity)How oral cancer caused by HPV is different from those caused by tobacco*Tobacco-related oral cancers mainly occur at the buccal mucosa, tongue and jaw bone.*HPV cancers mainly target the oro-pharynx or base of the tongue, tonsils and palette.HPV cancer is good newsDoctors say that if HPV related oral cancers have a higher cure rate than those caused by tobacco. While the line of treatment remains the same, people who have HPV caused cancers respond well to treatments including chemotherapy and radiotherapy. The cure rate is higher too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17382075", "title": "Lohardaga panchayat bans open defecation", "text": "RANCHI: A gram panchyat in Lohardaga district has banned defecation in the open and even penalizes a defaulter with Rs 5 if s/he is caught violating the ban. The Bhatkhijri panchyat in Lohardaga block wants to attain 100%s sanitation and get the coveted Nirmal Gram Puraskar. A total of 17 panchayats in the district have already received the Nirmal Gram Puraskar (NGP) from the President of India after they were declared \"Open Defecation Free\" since 2005. Authorities have hailed the decision as historic as the death of children owing to malaria , diarrhoea and cholera is a common phenomenon in the district during rains. A vast majority of the villagers, even after having toilets in their houses, defecate in the open.Nomita Rani Bhagat, Bhatkhijri mukhiya, said, \"We had put up posters everywhere to spread awareness. It was strange for the villagers initially. But after violators were put to shame in the gram sabha, people have fallen in line. A neighbour of Bhatkhijri, Manho panchyat was awarded NGP by President Pratibha Devi Singh Patil last year. Manho is the inspiration of Bhatkhijri. (Rs 2 lakh cash reward is given with NGP). In the last five months, since the time the ban was put in place, 16 people have been penalized. Jharkhand deputy CM Hemant Soren has appreciated the ban through a formal citation.Manoj Lohra, district coordinator of Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (NBA), said the ban has worked wonders and people now avoid defecating in the open. \"A large number of children from our panchyat die of various diseases. Our dream is to achieve 100% sanitation,\" said deputy mukhiya Surendra Lohra. Bhatkhijri comprises four villages and eight wards. \"The ward councilors have been asked to undertake morning walks daily. During their morning walks, they identify and catch violators,\" said Bhagat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380775", "title": "Voda-Aircel told to call truce, services resume", "text": "CHENNAI: Consumers of Aircel and Vodafone are back on 'SMS terms' with each other after the telecom tribunal settled the dispute between them on termination charges, albeit temporarily. However, a similar dispute between Aircel and Airtel is still in the Supreme Court and therefore, SMS service between the two continue to be blocked.Noting that \"if the disconnection of the SMSs between the parties was allowed, the subscribers of both parties will suffer\", the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) instructed Vodafone on Friday to immediately resume SMS services to Aircel while at the same time, it told Aircel to pay termination charges of 5paise/SMS beginning November 22, till the time the issue is fully resolved. Vodafone had asked for 10paise/SMS.After Vodafone blocked SMS services to Aircel on November 22 over non-payment of termination charges, both parties had approached TDSAT for a resolution.Termination charges are the fees one operator has to pay the other when an SMS from its network goes to a recipient on the latter's network. An interconnect agreement between the two operators sets the rate of these termination charges.Aircel's 50% payment, of 5paise/SMS as against the demand of 10paise/SMS by Vodafone, should not be seen as victory for Aircel but as a temporary solution. TDSAT noted that \"Payment will be without prejudice to the rights and contentions of the parties and equities will be adjusted between the parties at the time of final hearing\" in its judgment.TDSAT also said that \"There is a need to examine whether the rate of termination charges demanded by the respondent (Vodafone) are in accordance with the regulation\" and whether such charges are \"transparent, reciprocal and non-discriminatory\".Vodafone, in its October 25 letter to Aircel, had demanded around 40 crore as termination charges for the period between April 2011 and September 2012. It warned of disruption of SMS services and since it did not receive any reply, the services were blocked.Similar SMS termination rate disputes between Vodafone and Tata Teleservices , and Airtel and Reliance Communications are pending with the telecom tribunal while the Airtel-Aircel dispute is in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17381787", "title": "Play by differently-abled students earns accolades", "text": "GUWAHATI: Altogether 15 differently abled students of Shishu Sarothi have won the hearts of people for their brave performance in a play at National School of Drama in New Delhi.The students, who are mostly affected with cerebral palsy and other mental and physical disabilities, took part in the national 'Jashne Bachpan' festival of NSD. They had performed the play 'Buddhuram' by BV Karnath. The play, a popular children's drama, tells the story about two young boys - Buddhu and Ram - and their misadventures owing to their foolishness. The students were put to direction by Bhagirathi, a popular stage personality of Assam. The students were invited by the prestigious National School of Drama after a video clip of an earlier performance in the same play was sent to NSD. The students had enacted the play in the city in May.\"It was a great opportunity for me to work with the students. They earned accolades for their brave performance. They were just like any professional actors for which they must be given due appreciation. Everyone who was present there just showered praises on them. To perform at the NSD and that too in a national festival with other children from other parts of the country is a great feat,\" said Bhagirathi.'Jashne Bachpan' is a national theatre festival for children that is organised by the NSD. It is to be noted that four plays from the northeast were chosen for the event. 'Andharat Xihotor' and 'Buddhuram' are the two Assamese plays. 'Shahi Fitta Lal', a Nepali play, and 'Meenam Charadi Laina', a Manipuri play, were the other two. The festival is held every alternate year and its 11th edition had 17 plays in nine different languages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17382131", "title": "Ready plans for disaster mgmt, HC tells govt", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Monday directed the state government to frame state-level and district-level disaster management plans as per the provisions of Disaster Management Act.A division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh issued the directive while hearing the PIL of an NGO, Chhaya Sarkar, submitting that the state government has not been able to frame state and districts' disaster management plans even though the Disaster Management Act was enacted by the parliament in 2006.The petitioner's counsel, Brajesh Kumar, submitted that the state government was not sincere on implementing the provisions of this Act despite several orders passed by the high court during the hearing of this PIL. He added that all the claims of the state government of holding meetings and taking steps for disaster management etc are meaningless unless it prepared state-level and district-level plans for disaster management.Kumar cited the instance of the disaster that happened on the bank of Ganga in Patna during Chhath, when several persons died in a stampede. He said the district administration was clueless on managing the disaster for lack of any district-level plan for disaster management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17380474", "title": "Kashmir\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s gain is Himachal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s loss", "text": "SHIMLA: For nearly two decades, Himachal Pradesh has bee the preferred holiday destination for national and international tourists. In the process making tourism industry the main source of income for lakhs of local residents. But for the first time the state has witnessed a steady fall in number of tourist footfalls during the busy season this year. The main reason being tourists have been heading further north to Kashmir valley.Tourism experts believe Kashmir has posed a stiff challenge to Himachal with return of peace in the valley. Tourism in Himachal had benefited after rise of militancy in Kashmir in early 90s and now it appears the latter is on way to regain its lost glory. In the last three months, Himachal has already witnessed around 20% fall in tourist arrivals and now bookings for Christmas and New Year too are being cancelled at some tourist towns as people are planning to celebrate in Kashmir.With tourism industry ensuring bread and butter for lakhs of people in the state, even the tourism industry is worried recognizing that the trend can trigger a mass exodus of tourists from the state. To add to this, the state is offering no fresh incentives to woo travelers.Realizing that opening up of the Kashmir valley after over 20 years of terrorism is going to attract tourists in hordes, Himachal Pradesh tourist department has started an exercise to sensitize hoteliers and travel agents to enhance their service quality. A \"to do and not to do\" letter has already been mailed by tourism director Arun Sharma to all hoteliers and travel agents.Sources in the tourism department said, a majority of tourist coming to Himachal never return due to their bitter experience that includes overcharging, misbehave by hotel staff, taxi driver and travel agents, besides problems like accommodation, parking and scarcity of water.During the turmoil in Kashmir valley, tourists had no other option other than Himachal towns like Shimla, Manali, Dharamshala-McLeodganj and Dalhousie. But since summer season this year, tourists are straightway heading for Kashmir leaving the tourism industry of Himachal in the lurch. Naveen Tanwar, an hotelier from Manali, said this year Kashmir has already attracted tourists rush in a big way as Manali is witnessing a lean season. \"Last year we used to turn down hundreds of booking requests much before Christmas and New Year, but this time rooms are lying vacant as tourists have preferred Kashmir,\" he said. He added that Himachal lacks direct air connectivity with tourist destinations, besides regular problems like water shortage, traffic and parking chaos.Many hoteliers in Manali confirmed that advance booking for Christmas and New Year have been cancelled as tourist are heading for Kashmir. \"People want to enjoy Christmas and New Year amidst snowfall while snow has eluded Himachal on these occasions in past. This year too snowfall chances are bleak,\" said Ashok Rudingwa, a Manali-based hotelier.State tourism director Arun Sharma said that opening up of Kashmir valley has definitely posed a challenge but with the improvement in quality of product (tourism services) the situation can be tackled effectively. He said Himachal can counter Kashmir with its rural tourism initiative and festivals like Masroor international festival in Kangra starting from December 21 during winters. Sharma said that efforts are being made to ensure that tourists visiting the state once, come again next time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380185", "title": "Ponty Chadha case: Man who \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcaltered\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 gun eludes police", "text": "NEW DELHI: The crime branch's efforts to nab the man who allegedly \"doctored\" the weapon of Sukhdev Singh Namdhari have hit a dead end.Sources claim Namdhari, who owned three unlicensed arms including the 7.65 mm bore pistol used in the shootout, a double barrel gun and a .315 rifle, entrusted Jahangir, employed with a gun making shop in Rampur, with the job of arranging these weapons.Police are bringing the pistol in for forensic examination. The double barrel gun has been deposited at Bajpur police station. The crime branch team questioned Namdhari's son who, too, possesses a weapon.Moradabad police said four of Ponty Chadha's close aides were questioned at a local guest house. \"Hardayal alias Mama has been Namdhari's closest associate. He was at the Chattarpur farmhouse. He lives in Noida and works at Wave City Centre but has gone missing. We raided his ancestral residence at Pant Nagar. We still don't know why he brought the pistol from Chattarpur farmhouse to Rampur. Its pin is being checked,\" the officer said.While the main crime branch team will return with Namdhari by late Monday, another team plans to raid spots in Bajpur, Rudrapur and Pant Nagar.Uttarakhand BJP expels NamdhariDEHRADUN: Uttarakhand BJP expelled sacked chairman of Uttarakhand Minorities Commission Sukhvir Singh Namdhari from primary membership of the party on Monday. \"We took this decision after closely observing developments in the Ponty Chadha case and the investigation by the Delhi Police,\" said BJP state chief B S Chufal.-- TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380056", "title": "Teen fakes his kidnap to impress girlfriend", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 16-year-old north Delhi boy staged his own kidnapping last week to get money from his parents to impress his girlfriend. Police said, after the boy, who cannot be named, left home on November 21, his mother received an SMS about the kidnapping, with a demand of Rs 2.5 lakh as ransom. The boy, a Patel Nagar resident, wanted to buy a bike for himself and expensive gifts for a girl he had met at a coaching centre.The message not only scared his parents but also kept police on their toes for almost nine hours. The boy kept on sending SMSs but did not make a call so his parents could not identify him by his voice. He instructed his parents to bring the cash to a park in Dwarka.The first SMS arrived within one-and-a-half hours of the boy leaving home at 9am, said a senior police officer. Two hours later, he sent another SMS: \"I want the money\". A case was registered under Section 364 A (kidnapping for ransom) and four teams of the central district police under additional DCP Rajeev Sharma, ACP Rajiv Midha and SHO Ranbir Singh started analysing the call details and location of the mobile number. Police also made enquiries with his friends. \"One of them told us about the boy's interest in the girl,\" said a senior officer.The mobile number was traced to Dwarka around 2.40pm when the boy sent a message about a Dwarka park. Police barricaded the area and stuffed the bag with fake currency notes.When they left the bag; a boy came to pick it up. He was immediately caught and was found to be the couple's son.Additional commissioner of police (central) Devesh Chandra Srivastva said, \"We are moving for cancellation of the case as the boy himself had staged the act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17380410", "title": "PGI paper leak: Beneficiary\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s statement strengthens case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research's (PGIMER's) MD/MS entrance exam leak scam, Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths on Monday produced one of the beneficiaries before the court and his statement was recorded under Section 164 of the Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPC).Krishna Reddy, who has done MBBS from a medical college in Nellore (Andhra Pradesh), was produced in the court of civil judge T P S Randhawa for recording his statement on Monday. \"He has recorded his statement as CBI's approver and it has strengthened the prosecution case. Right now we can't disclose what he said as it might hamper our probe,\" said a CBI official.So far, CBI had questioned around a dozen beneficiaries, in this scam, but they have not arrested any of them. CBI sources said the beneficiaries have told the sleuths about how kingpin of this scam, P Gurivi Reddy, had contacted them and how much amount was charged from each of them. They have also given CBI clues on other links in this scam.After the scam, police had arrested 16 accused, including eight women. Currently all of them are in judicial custody and are lodged at high-security Burail jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17381288", "title": "Bus runs over 8-yr-old girl", "text": "KOCHI: A third standard girl met with a tragic end when she was caught under the wheels of a private bus at Vyttila in the city on Monday night. The accident occurred when the eight-year-old was travelling on a scooter with her mother.The victim has been identified as Tamanna Ameer of Shanthi Nagar in Kakkanad. She was studying in Marthoma Public School in Kakkanad. Her mother Shamna Ibrahim suffered minor injuries in the accident.The duo were proceeding to Vytilla along the Sahodaran Ayyappan Road around 7pm when a private bus hit the scooter from behind. In the impact, Shamna was thrown on the side of the road while her daughter fell on the middle of road. The bus ran over the girl and dragged her body at least 20 meters before stopping near the Vyttila Junction. The bus was proceeding to Arayankavu.Though the mother and the daughter were immediately shifted to a nearby private hospital, the daughter succumbed to her injuries. The driver, the conductor and the checker of the bus fled the scene.People, who were present at the spot, vented their ire against the private bus staff by vandalising the bus. Police have launched a hunt to nab the accused.Lucky escape for bus passengers: In another accident in the city, the passengers of a tourist bus had a lucky escape when the bus hit a tanker lorry at Nettoor. The bus was proceeding to Kozhikode from Kanyakumari when it hit the tanker which was empty. The passengers were trapped inside as the bus had no emergency exit. There were 25 passengers in the bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381047", "title": "Flying Sikh's wife undergoes knee surgery after fall", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nirmal Milkha Singh, former India volleyball captain and wife of the Flying Sikh Milkha Singh, underwent a major surgery of her knee at a Delhi hospital after a nasty fall on the marbled driveway in her Sector 8 residence on Friday morning as she went out to tend her garden. Doctors had to virtually \"re-model\" her knee after it broke at several places and she underwent excruciating bouts of pain. She had already undergone a knee replacement surgery some years back. After the accident, Nirmal was rushed to the PGIMER ICU, where the doctors referred her to Delhi.Jeev, who shot a course-equalling record of 64 at the $ 8 million Dubai World Championship on Saturday even as the news reached him of his 76-year-old mother's grievous injury, reached Delhi on Sunday after finishing 21st at Dubai.\"The operation went well, but the doctors are monitoring her in the ICU to guard against complications. Plates have been successfully inserted in her knee. She will take at least four months to recover,\" he said from Delhi.A keen golfer, Nirmal was a regular in the mornings at the Chandigarh Golf Club along with the Flying Sikh. She had suffered a major injury a few years ago after she tripped on the terrace stairs at the CGC. While playing at Dubai last week, Jeev had said: \"My mother is such a brave-heart. She busted her knee and was in excruciating pain. Yet, she wanted me to go out and play well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382265", "title": "Pandal chokes road for 5 weeks", "text": "KOLKATA: Lakhs of commuters using SN Banerjee Road that links east and northeast Kolkata to the central business district as well as Howrah Station have been held hostage for over five weeks by a Kali Puja patronized by a Trinamool Congress MLA.The bamboo structure of the pandal, whose construction began on the eve of Durga Puja, continues to occupy 800 sqft of road and as much of the pavement even 11 days after the idol was immersed. Students and teachers of the Calcutta Technical School have also been unable to use the institute's main gate as the pandal obstructs it.Incidentally, all major Kali Puja pandals in the city were dismantled within four to five days of immersion. Even pandals in Barasat, where Kali Puja is organized on a scale as grand as Durga Puja in Kolkata, all structures constructed on the road have been dismantled.Swarnakamal Saha's puja is the only exception.\"Driving through SN Banerjee Road before office hours is a challenge round the year due to the high density of traffic and political rallies. It gets maddening around Kali Puja when the road becomes off bounds in the evenings. But what's infuriating is the encroachment of the road even after puja is over. For at least a week after the idols were immersed, I did not notice any attempt to dislodge the pandal when I drove past in the mornings. In fact, a smaller pandal was built next to the massive road-hogger for Jagaddhatri Puja,\" said Beliaghata resident Apurba Saha who works at an office in Esplanade.With the pandal blocking one lane and vehicles parked on the other, there's only one lane left for traffic to negotiate on this stretch. \"Since the pandal is located just a short distance from the Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road-SN Banerjee Road intersection, when traffic gets held up here, it leads to a mess at the intersections,\" said a constable posted at the crossing.Narayan Karmakar, the man in charge of the team that built the pandal and responsible for its dismantling, admitted that not enough had been done since immersion on November 15. \"The puja organizers told us to begin work on October 19 and the completion deadline was November 11. But there was no deadline given for dismantling it. In any case, you can't expect a pandal that is erected over three weeks to be pulled down in a week,\" argued the employee of East Midnapore's New Ma Sitala Decorator.But how is it that other Kali Puja organizers did it in four to five days. \"That will require more labourers to work in shifts round the clock like they do prior to the puja. Till Sunday, we were unable to spare more than two labourers for the dismantling work as others were engaged in constructing two Jagaddhatri Puja pandals,\" Karmakar explained, adding that fresh labour is unavailable as this is the harvest season.Puja assistant secretary Asit Ghosh admitted the pandal has been inconveniencing motorists and commuters but cited the shortage of labour for the inordinate delay. \"The pujas are held in such quick succession that there isn't enough time to clear off one site before moving to the other. The ornamental section of the pandal has been cleared. Now, the superstructure will be dismantled.With the pandal occupying the road for over a month, civic staff has not been able to sweep the stretch, leading to litter pileup. For pedestrians, too, it has become a nightmare as they are forced on the road and risk an accident.Teachers and students of the Calcutta Technical School are unable to use the main entrance to the institute with the pandal blocking it. \"It is obviously an inconvenience.When the institute opened last Monday, we had hoped the entrance will be freed. But it's been like this for a week now,\" said a professor. Principal Monideepa Roy did not wish to comment, given the involvement of a politician from the ruling party in the puja committee.Incidentally, the decorators have been living on the campus for five weeks and also dump the material here. \"We get special permission from the government to use the school when it is shut. But this year, we've overshot the stay and need to pack up soon or else it will inconvenience students,\" admitted Ghosh.Both DC traffic Dilip Adak and mayor Sovan Chatterjee said they were unaware of the pandal blocking the road for so long. \"It is true that there is no specific deadline to dismantle the pandal. But roads should be cleared at the earliest,\" said Adak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "17380399", "title": "Engineer told to pay Rs 25k to 71-yr-old from salary", "text": "SANGRUR: Sangrur district consumer disputes redressal forum has directed Punjab State Power Corporation assistant executive engineer Pawan Kumar to pay Rs 25,000 to a 71-year-old widow of Sangrur as litigation expenses for causing her undue mental harassment.Observing that the official had filed a false and absurd affidavit, the forum has directed that the amount be deducted from engineer's salary. The forum has also directed PSPCL to cancel the bill issued to Surjit Kaur on May 11, 2012 as sundry charges to the tune of Rs 1,90,080.The widow complained that she was being issued inflated bills repeatedly since September 14, last year, when she got a bill for Rs 90,600. The bill amount kept on going up under the head of sundry charges and on May 11, 2012 she got a bill for Rs 1,91,430. When she objected to it, she was asked to deposit an amount of Rs 2,375, Rs 2,090, Rs 1,180 and Rs 1,000 against various bills which she deposited. But later PSPCL refused to oblige her and demanded the amount as previous balance on account of sundry charges.The forum observed that the PSPCL was duty-bound to ensure that the meter was not faulty. It was also observed that the elderly woman was being physically and mentally harassed with threats of disconnection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17382023", "title": "Futab urges govt to settle pending cases", "text": "PATNA: Expressing serious concern over the Supreme Court's remarks against the attitude of the state education department in disposing of genuine claims of teachers, the Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Futab) has urged the state government to expedite all the pending cases and save the university staff from unnecessary harassment.Futab working president Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha and general secretary Sanjay Kumar Singh alleged that the much-publicised State Litigation Policy, 2011 seems to have been buried by the education department even before it could be implemented. Over 3000 cases related to universities are pending in different courts because the government itself behaves like a professional litigant.They pointed out at least three glaring instances of deliberate prolonging of litigations by the government. Despite a favourable Supreme Court order in SLP 24570/08, the state government continues to interpret it otherwise and denies the service benefits to teachers absorbed under relevant statutes and also the revised UGC pay to such teachers whose cases are pending. The government continues to direct universities to implement Patna high court order in CWJC 5859/96 despite the fact that the Supreme Court has ruled that whatever is regularized and held to be legal cannot be reopened.The second glaring example is of redesignated demonstrators. Despite several cases pending in the courts, the government withdrew its order dated June 14, 2006 and reverted them to nonteaching cadre.The teachers and nonteaching staff of the colleges made constituent in the fourth phase, who have been working for the last more than two decades, are being forced to run from high court to Supreme Court for regularization and payment of their salaries withheld from March 2009.The leaders urged the chief minister to intervene and help prevent unnecessary litigations so that the government's next report card may have a point of elation that his efforts ended over 3000 writ petitions pending in different courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17381574", "title": "Nuapada village ready for Rath Yatra", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Jagannath and His siblings will embark on their winter sojourn in the remote Konadira village in Nuapada district on Tuesday. This unique tradition began eight years ago and has its roots in the dream of the village priest.\"The Lord came in my dream and expressed His desire to be worshipped during Bali Yatra,\" said Jagannath Majhi, head priest and president of Bali Yatra Committee. He discussed his dream with the villagers and they unanimously decided to celebrate Bali Yatra Rath in the month of Kartika.Unlike the Rath Yatra, it is a two-day affair here. Jagannath, Balabhadra and Subhadra are taken in a procession (the traditional Pahandi) on the first day and the chariot is pulled back, the following day. \"The return journey (Bahuda) will be conducted on the full moon day in the later part of the month,\" Majhi said.Since the village does not have a proper temple, the villagers build two makeshift structures representing the Jagannath and the Mausi Maa temples. Every year, these are planned in different style and colour.The procession begins after the Chhera Pahara by the head priest. \"Devotees from nearby villages throng Konadira to witness the rituals and join others in pulling the single chariot of the three deities,\" said a villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17382874", "title": "Cash transfers may save Rajasthan Rs 1,000 cr", "text": "JAIPUR: Within a span of one year when the pilot project at Kotkasim block in Alwar district on direct cash transfer of kerosene subsidies started in December 2011, the results have surpassed the initial expectations . Demand for subsidized kerosene has crashed by more than 90% to about 5,000 litres per month from 84,000 litres before the pilot project came into existence. As the consumers got direct cash transfers , there was less room for the middlemen to divert the subsidized commodity. Earlier , the district authorities had expected the offtake will plunge to 40% as the demand would only come from actual users of the commodity.The pilot project was part of Centre's ambitious initiative to plug the loopholes in public distribution system and provide directly to the poor rural masses benefits of government's welfare schemes. Kotkasim in Alwar was the starting point for the Centre, which is now accelerating the drive to roll out the model throughout the country . The government aims to reduce the subsidy burden as weeding out the middlemen in the PDS is expected to cut the subsidy budget.Alwar district supplies officer R C Meena said the direct cash transfer model will save more than Rs 2 crore in the block and if the strategy is implemented across the district, savings could go up to Rs 60 crore annually.After cash transfer for kerosene subsidies, monthly demand in Kotkasim block crashes from 84,000 litres to 5,000 litres Govt will save 2 crore in the block itself and if the project is implemented across the state, Rajasthan can save more than 1,000 crore annually Consumers buy kerosene at market price\u00e2\u20ac\u201d 49.10. The subsidy component of 34 is later deposited in their bank accounts To implement the project, banks pitched in as part of their financial inclusion drive and opened accounts of 13,458 people who wanted to avail subsidies.Rajasthan allocates 5113.44 lakh litres of kerosene every year and initial estimates projected that direct cash transfers across the state will eliminate the demand for 3068.06 lakh litres translating into a savings of Rs 920 crore. But going by the effectiveness of the pilot project, the savings can easily go past Rs 1,000 crore.The critical component of the project was to establish bank linkages with consumers. The district supplies department held campaigns in several villages as part of the financial inclusion drive. Leading banks also stepped up efforts. \"We needed to communicate to people that if they want subsidies, they need to open accounts and banks were ready to do that. About 13,458 people who wanted to avail kerosene subsidies opened their accounts ,\" added Meena. He said so far, Rs 75.52 lakh have been deposited in the accounts of the beneficiaries. \"The model is built around a demand-driven strategy. Actual consumers pay the market price of kerosene, which is Rs 49.10 at the fair price shops. The subsidy component of Rs 34 is later deposited in their accounts ,\" said Meena. Consumers having double gas connection are not eligible to avail the subsidies , while single gas connection holders get two litres of subsidized kerosene and the rest of all category of users get three litres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380817", "title": "Mumbai to get 32 four-storeyed parking lots", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has approved 32 public parking lots under the revised parking floor space index (FSI) policy, creating space for over 30,000 vehicles in the city.Of the 32 approved parking spaces, 20 are located in the island city, nine in the western suburbs and three in the eastern suburbs. In all, the BMC received 70 proposals, of which 32 have so far been approved by the state government. Another 11 proposals cleared by the BMC are awaiting the government's nod.To encourage private developers to build public parking lots, the state government in 2008 had announced a policy under the Development Control Regulation (DCR) 33(24) which would grant the developer up to four FSI in exchange for construction of parking lots. But the original policy had to be revised after experts termed it as builder-driven.Under the revised policy, the parking lot floors are restricted up to four, the minimum area of the plot required to avail of the policy has been increased from 700 sqm to 1,000sqm in the island city and 2,000sqm in the suburbs. Under the original policy, builders had proposed to build 12-15 storeys of parking spaces in exchange for the huge bonanza in the form of additional floor space index (FSI), the ratio of which determines how much can be built on a plot.Under the old policy, the government had approved proposals for 26 parking lots of which 11 were given commencement certificates (CC). However, after the revised plan was announced they were asked to amend their plans and resubmit them to the BMC.The 32 approved proposals include 26 proposals which were amended and re-approved.\"All the 32 parking lots have been approved as per the revised policy. Those that were given the CC earlier have made the changes or are in the process of making the changes to adhere to the revised norms,\" said additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta. He added that the BMC has so far received Rs 250 crore as premium for the extra FSI.Once the construction of the parking lots is completed, the developer has to hand them over to the BMC which will operate them. Currently the BMC has 92 functioning parking lots in the city under the 'pay and park' scheme, with space to accommodate 10,314 vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380835", "title": "TN probes security breach by IPS officer at Chennai airport", "text": "CHENNAI: Police are inquiring into a serious security lapse during a brief transit through Chennai by L K Advani . The BJP leader comes under the 'Z Plus' security category. On November 10, Advani took a flight at the Chennai airport en route to Thiruvananthapuram after a visit to Tirupati. Sources in the state police said a senior IPS officer, who was not earmarked for this VVIP duty, had managed to break into Advani's convoy with a civilian in his car and later took him into the VIP lounge through gate 5 at the airport.\"The entry of a civilian via the highly-secured gate no. 5 without any valid pass into the VIP lounge, when Advani was there, is a clear breach of security. An enquiry is still on about the matter,\" a senior official told TOI. The incident has kicked up a storm, especially since it came days ahead of President of India Pranab Mukherjee visit to Chennai on November 30 to take part in the Diamond Jubilee celebrations of the Tamil Nadu assembly.A member of a state police team investigating the incident said the IPS officer, serving in Chennai, broke into Advani's security convoy when it crossed near a junction on a flyover at Padi in the city. \"The police officer's car entered the convoy between a vehicle carrying members of the National Security Guard and a vehicle carrying members of the state security,\" said a senior officer, seeking anonymity. The man who accompanied the police officer was a businessman.The sudden intrusion of a car into the convoy took the security teams by surprise. But, they did not react immediately as he was a senior police officer and he was travelling in an official car. \"The officer and his friend had tea and refreshed themselves in the VIP lounge. Later, somebody alerted the officer about the security breach and he left immediately with his friend,\" the officer said.Advani had reached Tirupati on November 9 afternoon and after an overnight stay in the hill station, offered prayers early next morning. Later, he took part in a meeting of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on home affairs headed by M Venkaiah Naidu , which ironically discussed measures to enhance security in the hill shrine. Advani had recently escaped an attempt on his life in Madurai during his Jan Chetna Yatra to Virudhunagar in south Tamil Nadu in October 2011. The serial bomb explosions that ripped Coimbatore in February 1998 had also targeted Advani.Besides a state police probe, inquiries are also being conducted by the NSG and the Intelligence bureau (IB). The state's security wing has two superintendents of police. A team headed by one SP takes care of the security of the chief minister and a team headed by the other SP looks at security arrangements for 'Z' and 'Z Plus' category. Only three VIPs from the state come under this high security category - the chief minister J Jayalalithaa , DMK chief M Karunanidhi and Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy .CISF wants full control over airport securityThe November 10 incident, in which a civilian and an IPS officer slipped through the security cordon at VVIP gate 5 at Chennai airport, has again highlighted the \"lack of coordination\" among the various agencies entrusted with security.The state police man the first gate at the VVIP entrance and a senior CISF official said it \"remained to be seen\" whether the state police officers at the first entry point saw the civilian pass through. The CISF has for long been demanding complete control over security during VVIP movements \"to avoid these kinds of lapses.\" \"The state police are not trained to provide Z+ category security,\" said a senior official.The VVIP gate is usually manned by two CISF guards and a patrol team. \"During VIP movements, security control at gate no. 5 is taken over by the state police. Anyone who enters the VIP lounge with a convoy should be screened by them,\" said a CISF officer. Sources said the incident was a major lapse, but added that the incident was no surprise as any senior police officer can take people inside the airport and junior officers at the gates can't question them.A VVIP has to cross two security gates before the tarmac. \"There is a distance of at least 35 metres between the two gates and the VIP lounge is between these gates. The civilian spent a few minutes in the VIP lounge with a senior police officer. But he did not enter the second gate, manned by armed CISF guards,\" said a CISF officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17379909", "title": "Narendra Modi in war on graft, but fails to answer CAG", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi may rake up corruption as a poll plank to put Congress-led UPA government in the dock, but his government has not responded to over 5,000 queries and 15,100 audit observations posed by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG).The unanswered CAG queries across departments pertain to suspected irregularities to the tune of Rs 9,000 crore. A senior official at the office of Principal Accountant General (PAG), Ahmedabad, said PAG has sent a reminder to the chief secretary as well as all department heads concerned. \"In the last three years, the number of unreplied queries has increased substantially,\" said the official.As per the last civil audit report of accountant general submitted on March 30, 2012, the state government has not entertained queries on revenue receipts, inspection reports and audit observations across departments ranging from VAT, ports, transport, industry, mines and revenue, just to name a few.As per Rule 14 of the Gujarat Finance Rules, 1971, the state government is expected to respond to CAG queries before the end of the financial year in question. But the Gujarat government has not responded to queries that date back to 2009-10.CAG, in its last report submitted to the state government in March 2012, has noted, \"We recommend that the government may take suitable steps to implement an effective procedure for prompt and appropriate response to audit observations as well as take actions against officials/officers who failed to send replies to the inspection reports/paragraphs as per the prescribed time schedule and also failed to take action to recover outstanding demand in a time bound manner.\"When contacted, chief secretary A K Joti said, \"These queries need to be answered by the department heads concerned. The chief secretary has no role in it as it is the additional chief secretary (finance) who co-ordinates with CAG officials. We follow the system which is in place since 1950.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380407", "title": "Fix e-meters or stay off roads in island city: Regional transport officer", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to ensure that all taxi drivers in the island city fall in line, the Tardeo RTO has announced that drivers should either recalibrate their e-meters according to the new fare (Rs 19 minimum) or stay off roads till they do so.On Monday evening, RTO officials booked four cabbies for not recalibrating their meters. The drivers were fined Rs 600 each and their permits suspended for seven days.Of the 27,811 taxis in the island city, only 12,946 cabbies have recalibrated their meters so far. Of the remaining nearly 15,000 taxis, close to 9,000 new models have e-meters and the RTO wants to target these taxis.Regional transport officer (Tardeo) M B Jadhav said, \"We want to make it clear to all the taxi drivers that they should either rush to recalibrate their meters now or lose business. We are not against giving more time for recalibration and our officials will continue the work at Worli test track, but drivers will be fined if they are caught by our flying squad with meters that are not recalibrated.\"Transport experts pointed out that if the 9,000 cab drivers go off roads, there could be a shortage of taxis and passengers would be inconvenienced.Taxi union leader A L Quadros said, \"This is uncalled for. We have taken three representations to the government in last few days and explained why we need an extension of the deadline. They cannot take action without giving us any notice. This is illegal and we will challenge it in court.\"State transport commissioner V N More said the action was just a deterrent. \"Our purpose is not to prosecute the drivers, but to expedite the recalibration process,\" he said.It is learnt that the Andheri (western) and Wadala (eastern) RTOs have not got any directive to take action against drivers who are yet to recalibrate their meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17379607", "title": "The wicket plan backfires for Team India at Wankhede", "text": "MUMBAI: Mahendra Singh Dhoni came up with almost a dozen reasons why India lost the second Test so disastrously to England at the Wankhede Stadium on Monday.Scorecard | Match in PicsBut none of those had anything to do with blaming the curator or the pitch. India couldn't get a grip throughout of a track on which England stamped their authority with uncharacteristic impudence.Dhoni insisted the pitch was \"very good\"; that these were the kind of pitches he'd like his team to play on at home. He even went on to say he would have no complaints if curators in Kolkata and Nagpur - venue for the last two Tests - prepared wickets of a nature similar to Mumbai, where Dhoni had insisted on the preparation of a track which turned from Day One.To complete what had looked like a mere formality, India resumed on Monday morning with a lead of 31 runs and three wickets. They succumbed meekly, setting England a 56-run target which the visitors raced to in a mere 9.4 overs with all 10 wickets to spare. Cook &amp; Co levelled the series here and will now travel to Kolkata for the third Test bubbling with confidence.Dhoni grinned from ear to ear as questions poured in about the pitch and his team's inability to cope with the conditions. Throughout the Test, England looked like they had been operating on a different wicket.The skipper could have only grinned because there was nothing else he could do. He got the pitch he had asked for, one that vindicated his stand for excessively turning tracks on which the toss would made little difference. He even had a post-match explanation for it.\"In India or the subcontinent, matches should happen on these kind of wickets because it takes the toss out of the equation. The ball was turning from the first day itself, so both the teams had an equal chance, reducing the impact of toss,\" he said, adding \"whichever team plays better cricket wins the game.\"England clearly played better than India. Going into the third Test, Dhoni doesn't foresee any major change in the 15-member squad. \"No big changes,\" he said to a specific question.It means if a similar spinning track is handed to him in Kolkata, the onus will once again be on R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha to pick up the bulk of the required 20 wickets. Similarly, it will also mean that Swann and Panesar will continue to remain the kind of threat that they were in the Mumbai Test.England's spinners bowled at a better pace and India didn't, said captains of both the teams. But the fact remains that India were humiliated India in their backyard like never before.Times ViewDepressing as it is for Indian cricket fans, the loss in Mumbai must be seen as a much-needed wake up call. Before this series began, there was much talk of 'revenge' for the 0-4 drubbing in England and that this would also prove that the English were at much at sea on India's spinning tracks as the Indians were in England's seaming wickets.This loss has conclusively demolished that theory. The English batsmen handled spin better than ours did in this Test match and their spinners clearly bowled better than the Indian trio. The team management, selectors and board must now acknowledge that the problems run much deeper. That could be the beginning of a search to find the right answers rather than just the right spin to put on defeat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17382374", "title": "Coming: New sex videos of China officials", "text": "BEIJING: China is facing an avalanche of sex scandals as an 'investigative reporter' whose videos of an official in compromising position with his mistress created embarrassment for the government plans to release more such clips.The threat came even as an \"anchor\" of a TV station charged a Communist Party politician of coercing her into long-term relationship.Zhu Ruifeng, a \"Reporter with counter-corruption website\" jdwsy.com, told state-run Global Times that five more sex videos featuring officials of Chongqing will be released after getting proof of their authenticity.Zhu posted the 12-second-long video to the internet last week showing Lei Zhengfu, then secretary of the Beibei district committee of the Communist Party of China in Chongqing, in compromising position with an 18-year-old Zhao Hongxia. Zhu claims Zhao has been Lei's mistress for the last five years. Lei 54, who has been sacked and faced disciplinary probe by the Party, had been receiving bribes and sexual favours provided by local businessmen, Zhu said.The video was later used to threaten Lei by the construction company but Lei managed to get local police to detain Zhao for a month and send the company manager to prison, Zhu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17382816", "title": "Two newborn girls found dead in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The taint of female infanticide continue to bring shame to the state's Shekhawati region with residents of Jhunjhunu recovering the dead bodies of two newborn girls on Sunday evening \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one from a sewer and another hidden behind bushes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d barely two kilometers from each other.Police suspect that both girls were delivered by the same woman.The cops suspect the deaths were caused by strangulation but this may be revealed only from the postmortem reports. Blood samples have also been taken to prepare a DNA profile of the deceased girls. Two separate FIRs have been registered with the Kotwali police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17380853", "title": "Inmates live in unhygienic conditions", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The authorities of Sree Chithra Poor Home would not have expected that the complaints of its inmates would reach the ministers. On Tuesday, when social welfare minister M K Muneer and health minister V S Sivakumar visited the institution, brisk cleaning activities were going on at the poor homes.The visuals were proof to the fact that the poor home authorities gave scant regard to hygiene. The poor home is located near Amayizhanchan stream, which is a major sewage line in the city.In their rush to hide the grime from the ministers, the labourers hired for cleaning job even set the pile of garbage, including toxic plastic waste, on fire, which in turn produced thick smoke which spread into the mess hall, where all the inmates gathered for lunch.The children started coughing, following which a staff of the home rushed to the place and doused the fire by pouring buckets of water into it.\"The conditions here are so worse that the children find it hard to get some sleep during nights owing to mosquito menace,\" said a staff.The reason why some inmates did not want to stay back in the state-run institute may be because they no more felt at home at the care home, the staff added.The poor home is located near Amayizhanchan stream, which is a major sewage line in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17382763", "title": "I have requested Akhilesh to give me five minutes, says Girija Devi", "text": "LUCKNOW: The plains of Uttar Pradesh are more than a home to Girija Devi. \"Every grain of soil on this land is a memory to cherish, a lesson to learn and a legend to pass on,\" says the veteran singer. What ever she owes to Banaras and beyond has grown into a desire to return in the form of a Sangeet Ashram. However, the Uttar Pradesh government is yet to help the legend realise her wish despite making a commitment to this effect, while conferring Yash Bharti Award to her in 1994.Girija Devi waited almost for a decade for the government to fulfil its words. But the project didn't move an inch even on the files. A disheartened Girija Devi moved to Kolkata and started teaching her disciples there. Had it not been for the apathy, the voice of the Thumri maestro would have been resonating on the pious banks of Banaras . \"I wouldn't have gone ever . But then, I thought, if I have to teach, I can do that in any part of the world,\" she said.Despite accepting the situation , Girija Devi has not lost hope. \"I have requested the chief minister to give me five minutes, so that I can unfold my vision plan. Let us see what he says,\" she told TOI before proceeding for her performance during the Lucknow Mahotsav. The legend's desire to pass on her legacy was not appreciated by Bhatkhande Music Sansthaan as well. \"I wanted to hold a 15-day workshop with the students. But the university didn't give me time,\" she shared.It may be noted that the singer applied thrice to the music university, when the rest of the word was waiting for her to approve of their requests . But probably, the university was too busy with internal politics to attend her request. Incidentally, vicechancellor of Bhatkhande Music University, Prof Shruti Sadolikar Katkar was present on the occasion. When asked to comment in this regard , she said, \"The matter is not in my knowledge.\" She however said that it would be university's pleasure to have her in their campus.Girija Devi is an optimist to the core. Seeing only a handful of heads as audience she said, \"Why should I feel bad about this. This is a reality . At the same time, I know that I sing for myself and for all those who genuinely want to listen to me.\" Her disciple and noted folk singer Malini Awasthi who accompanied Girija Devi added that only the lucky ones would stay back. They also said that there is no dearth of talent in her subsequent generations.\"I can count many names. In this age of competition and commercialisation, they need to be extremely patient. They should not compromise with the original and continue to practice,\" she stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17381759", "title": "Gauhati Medical College and Hospital to get skin bank, burn-care unit soon", "text": "GUWAHATI: Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) is going to set up a skin bank and a new 12-bedded burn-care unit soon. There are skin banks in most other parts of the country but none in the state. The concept of preservation of skin is completely new here.The GMCH has already procured the machines required for preservation of skin, informed principal Kabul Chandra Saiki. \"In cases of massive thermal injuries when procurement of the patient's own skin is not possible, temporary coverage with donated skin is essential and here lies the importance of cadaver skin (allograft),\" he explained.GMCH will establish the skin bank after it opens a new, 12-bedded burn care unit as part of a pilot project being funded by the Centre. \"At present, we have only burn ward. The new unit will be constructed under a pilot programme of the Centre to be launched at three places in the country. Assam is one of them,\" said the head of the plastic surgery department, Seema Rekha Devi.Skin, the largest, continuous organ, covers the entire body forming a protective layer. Like other body parts, skin can be retrieved from dead bodies, and if preserved at a certain temperature inside the special machines, it can be effectively grafted on live people.In burn injury cases, the skin is damaged and the patient is exposed to metabolic dearrangement, said Saikia. Standard care of a burn patient is early excision of burned skin followed by covering of the raw area with split-thickness skin graft aimed at closing and healing the wound, he explained, adding in not-so-severe burn cases, this skin for grafting is taken from patient's own body from an area that is not injured by burn.\"When a patient suffers more than 50 per cent burn injuries, it is difficult to keep him or her alive. Also, as large areas of the skin are burnt, there is very little scope for auto and homograft in such cases. The alternative option is use of cadaver skin, which should be available ready at hand for use. To make it readily available, procurement of skin, processing, preservation and ultimate distribution as and when required. These are the essential components of cadaver skin utilization to survive a burn victim,\" he said.GMCH will be the tertiary centre. Once the burn care unit is established, the skin bank will be established inside the unit.The skin bank is a start, but along with it, public awareness about the importance of donation of body parts after death is highly essential. The other important aspect for the project to be successful is availability of all infrastructural facilities for storage of cadaver skin in reliable refrigeration for use at a later date,\" said Saikia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17382119", "title": "Honour killings: Perpetrators should be brought to justice", "text": "The frequency with which 'honour' killings are taking place in various parts of the country, particularly in the north, is a testament to the inability of the state to act decisively in this matter. It is difficult to escape the conclusion that at least some of this inability is rooted in an unwillingness to act. This could either be because the values reflected by these killings are shared by those supposed to enforce the law or because it is considered politically costly to take them on. This must change. Our elected representatives and civil servants are sworn to uphold the values enshrined in the constitution and they must do so. If perpetrators of this kind of medieval 'justice' are swiftly brought to justice, others who share their mindsets might think twice before acting on their impulses.Related Story  :  Man featured in Aamir's show on honour killing murdered", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17381980", "title": "Did US plot to nuke Moon to flex Cold War muscles?", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US had planned to blow up the moon with a nuclear bomb in the 1950s. At the height of the space race, the US considered detonating an atom bomb on the moon as a display of America's Cold War muscle.The secret project, named 'A Study of Lunar Research Flights' and nicknamed 'Project A119,' however was never carried out.America's planning included calculations by astronomer Carl Sagan, then a young graduate student, of the behaviour of dust and gas generated by the blast, the Daily Mail reports.According to the report, viewing the nuclear flash from Earth might have intimidated the Soviet Union and boosted US confidence after the launch of Sputnik, physicist Leonard Reiffel said.Under the scenario, a missile carrying a small nuclear device was to be launched from an undisclosed location and travel 238,000 miles (3,83,024 kms) to the moon, where it would be detonated upon impact.The planners decided it would have to be an atom bomb because a hydrogen bomb would have been too heavy for the missile, the report said.Military officials apparently abandoned the idea because of the danger to people on Earth in case the mission failed, the report added.The scientists also registered concerns about contaminating the moon with radioactive material, Reiffel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17383621", "title": "Ram Charan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Nayak logo released", "text": "The logo of Ram Charan-starrer Nayak has been released by the production house on Monday. While the first look has hit the marquee some time back, the official logo has been out yesterday.The film is in the final leg of production as director VV Vinayak is currently filming scenes in Hyderabad and the promotional campaign will gain momentum from the first week of December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380723", "title": "70 sovereigns gold, Rs 2 lakh cash stolen", "text": "CHENNAI: Burglars struck at a house in Valasaravakkam and escaped with 70 sovereigns of gold jewellery and 2 lakh in cash on Sunday night.Police said Then Raja, a businessman, had travelled to Kerala and his wife had gone to visit her mother. On Monday Then Raja's father Karuppasamy who lives in Zion Nagar had come to visit his daughter.He decided to visit his son as well, but found the lock on the door broken and the house ransacked.Police said 70 sovereigns of gold jewellery and 2 lakh in cash had been stolen. Based on a complaint from him, Valasaravakkam police resgistered a case and a sniffer dog was brought in.\"We suspect that the burglars had noticed that the house was locked for couple of days and had targeted it,\" said an investigating officer.Investigations are on and teams have been formed to trace the burglars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17381496", "title": "First ever Beary dictionary has a Malayali touch", "text": "MANGALORE: Kannur University Malayalam department head A M Sreedharan is all set to do to Beary what Christian missionary Rev Ferdinand Kittel did to Kannada. If Kittel compiled the first Kannada-English dictionary with about 70,000 words in 1894, the Malayali professor is gearing up to publish the first ever Beary-Malayalam dictionary. This will also be the first ever dictionary in the language.The Kerala Folklore Academy of Kerala government will publish the Beary- Malayalam dictionary comprising 16,000 words soon.Though Karnataka Beary Sahitya Academy, which was established by the state government four years ago, is striving to bring out a dictionary for Beary language, the academy is still in the initial stage of the project.Sreedharan, who came to know about the language during his research work in Manjeshwar and Uppala, decided to compile a dictionary for the language. \"I came to know about Beary language while I was conducting a research on Mogera community in Manjeshwar, Ullal and areas in the Karnataka - Kerala border and in Kasargod. I had submitted a proposal to University Grants Commission (UGC) in this regard. Approving the proposal UGC sanctioned Rs 3.5 lakh to conduct a study,\" Prof Sreedharan told TOI.Majority people in Kerala came to know about Beary language only after the movie 'Byari' won the national award.\"Initially, I approached Kerala Bhasha Institute to get my dictionary published. However, I had to purchase 250 copies from them to get it published by them. In fact, Karnataka Beary Sahitya Academy had agreed to purchase 250 copies. In the meantime, the Kerala Folklore Academy agreed to publish it,\" he said.Sreedharan had worked for nearly two years to complete the study on the language. He spoke to many local litterateurs and historians including Prof Amrith Someshwar to learn more about the language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17382388", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBinge drink\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcwashed out\u00e2\u20ac\u2122: Words that WWI gave us", "text": "LONDON: Are you feeling a little 'washed out' or 'fed up' ? The World War I may have something to do with it!The conflict which ended almost a century ago is responsible for hundreds of words and phrases being used today in the English language, according to a new study.Terms believed to have become common parlance because of the war include 'cushy' , 'snapshot' , 'bloke' , 'wash out' , 'binge drink' and 'pushing up daisies' , the 'Daily Mail' reported.It is claimed that many of the words and phrases had previously been used by just one geographical region or social class before the war \u00e2\u20ac\u201d until hundreds of thousands of British men were forced to mix with one another in the trenches. Historians Peter Doyle and Julian Walker have analysed thousands of documents from the World War period and after studying letters from the front, newspapers and diaries, they have traced the striking development of the English language between 1914 and 1918.They found that the war brought military slang into the mainstream, imported French and German words to English and saw words from local dialects become part of national conversation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380571", "title": "Teenager death case: Tilak Nagar cop suspended for negligence", "text": "MUMBAI: A police inspector has been suspended for negligence shown in the case pertaining to the death of a teenager at Tilak Nagar in Ghatkopar (E) on November 4.Seventeen-year-old Kalyan Salve died after allegedly being hit by an on-duty constable. The teenager's death had led to tension in the locality with angry locals demanding immediate action against the guilty constable.Additional commissioner of police (east region) Quaiser Khalid said, \"The order to suspend in the incident where 17-year-old Kalyan Salve died after he was allegedly hit by one of the constables in Ghatkopar (east) locality on November 4. After the incident the inspector Prakash Chougule went on sick leave. The suspension order was issued three days ago after the department found him guilty.Quaiser Khalid confirmed that the department suspended inspector Tilak Nagar inspector Prakash Chougule came three days ago. A departmental inquiry has also been initiated against him as he had failed in his duty which resulted in serious law and order issues.\"Soon after the incident, Chougule had proceeded on sick leave. Khalid said Chougule failed to take corrective measures on the night of the incident and give a proper explanation for his actions.Salve, his cousin Krishna Salve (16) and a friend, Sham Kumar Yadav (24), were drunk and playing in the Ambekdar Nagar area of Ghatkopar (E). \"The victim and his cousin and friend were drunk and was playfully arguing with each other in the Ambedkar Nagar area of Ghatkopar (E) when one of the two police constables patrolling the locality allegedly hit the teen with a baton and asked the trio to leave. \"Salve left the spot and collapsed after walking for some distance,\" said a Tilak Nagar police officer. \"He died in hospital the next day while undergoing treatment.\"The matter worsened in the locality and the matter was taken up to the state government which forced the police to take action against the two police constables and they were booked for murder. Around 70 local residents gathered at the Rajawadi hospital and later the Tilak Nagar police station after the boy died the next day while undergoing treatment.Locals said the two constables who passed the area on a bike presumed the trio were fighting and followed them. \"The three boys got scared and started running when one of the constables hit them with a wooden baton,\" said the local. The baton hit Kalyan who fell unconscious and died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17380140", "title": "Savita report could determine Ireland's abortion policy", "text": "BANGALORE: Irish minister for public expenditure and reform Brendan Howlin said his country will act \"speedily\" to implement legislation providing limited access to abortion, if an expert group's recommendation is accepted by the cabinet.The expert group set up to examine how the state deals with lawful abortions has favoured legislation, allowing for limited provision of abortion along with regulations to deal with practical matters, according to reports on RTE, the country's major radio and TV channel.Howlin insisted the coalition would not be the seventh administration to fail to act on the 1992 Supreme Court judgment on the X case. This is a landmark case which established the right of Irish women to an abortion if a pregnant woman's life was at risk because of pregnancy, including the risk of suicide. The expert group's report will be discussed by the cabinet Tuesday.Earlier, Eamon Gilmore, the second-most senior officer in the Irish government, warned about a tribunal-style inquiry, saying: \"We have experience in this country of formal public inquiries and the danger is they go on for a very long time, and very often spend a long time being mired in legal argument.\"As outrage over Indian dentist Dr Savita Halappanavar's death in Ireland continues, Irish education minister Ciaran Cannon said his government will take a decision on its abortion policy after they get reports on her case.Savita, 31, died in Galway due to blood poisoning after doctors allegedly refused to terminate her pregnancy on ethical grounds.\"Ireland's Health Information and Quality Authority, an independent authority, is looking into the case. Based on its report, the government will decide what to do,\" Gilmore said.Maternal mortality higherThe Irish Independent reports that the rate of maternal death in Ireland is double the official figure. The official maternal death rate, based on (CSO) figures, is 4 per 1 lakh births and hailed as one of the best in the world. But a new report from Maternal Death Enquiry (MDE) Ireland says the actual maternal death rate is 8 per 1 lakh births, if internationally recognized criteria are applied.The CSO relies solely on death certificates when compiling information, but MDE Ireland, which is funded by the Health Service Executive, gets information from different sources, including hospitals, coroners' courts and public health . MDE Ireland, overseen by doctors and midwives, was set up in 2009 to carry out confidential inquiries into maternal deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17382067", "title": "Fitness bug bites Ranchiites", "text": "RANCHI: Staying fit and going to gym has always been a trend in metro cities, but the fitness bug seems to have now caught up with the state capital as well. People of all age groups are now flocking to fitness and slimming centres to keep the body fit and attractive.Owners of city-based gyms said both men and women are thronging the gyms to tone up their body. \"It is not just college-going girls or married women joining gyms, schoolgirls too want visit us to tone up their body and maintain a presentable look. As far as men are concerned, they seem to be inspired by Bollywood stars as they believe girls appreciate boys with a great body. But mostly, it's the women who join gyms,\" said a Tabrez Khan, owner of on such fitness centre.Khan added that the number of gyms in the city has increased in comparison to earlier times and moist of them are doing good business. Everybody wants to have a good body and a flat stomach tummy so that they can carry off whatever clothes they wear. Parents too want their daughters to stay fit as they have either become overweight or are lining up for marriage.Neha Chaudhary, who joined a gym to shed weight, is glad that she has managed to lose 8kg. \"I was 78kg when I joined, but have brought it down to 70kg. I became conscious about the flab after my sister told me that I don't look good in certain clothes. A diet chart prepared by the gym dieticians - advising sprouts for breakfast, fruit and something light to munch on every hour - was very helpful and I am following it to the tee. I hope to lose more weight in the coming weeks.\"Even the slimming centres in the city are seeing a rush of people. VLCC slimming manager Guddi Alka said: \"People of all age groups come to our centres not only to stay slim and look good, but also to stay healthy. The obesity epidemic has led to chronic health issues like thyroid, blood pressure and more serious cardiac ailments. There are machine sessions and various other therapies for staying slim and fit. We try to provide gradual and natural reduction of body weight.\".On the occasion of National Anti-Obesity Day on Monday, VLCC has organised free medical camps, physio and diet counselling and trial sessions for a week. \"People can get a body composition analysis where everything from body mass index to basal metabolic rate will be measured. As per our findings, we decide on the kind of therapies and diet best suited for the particular client,\" said Alka. Keka Roy, a working woman, said, \"I was very fit, but suddenly gained weight. The check-up was found that I have thyroid, where losing weight is very important. Now I feel happy that my blood pressure has reduced and thyroid is also under control.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17381035", "title": "For 26/11 Italian victim, Gujarat was balm", "text": "AHMEDABAD: She was among the foreign nationals caught in the horror of the terror attack in Mumbai on November 26, 2008. Mariangela Niedu, 46, a hospitality professional in Italy, spent two days in Hotel Trident while it was under siege of the terrorists. She escaped with the help of the hotel staff.Niedu has a special bond with Gujarat - she came to the state after the attack to recuperate and erase the memories of blood and gore. Five years on, she tells TOI that India and Gujarat have become like her second home. Niedu now wants to find the girl who had helped her get out of the hotel.What was the aftermath of three days in fear? \"For sure, I still suffer from the post-traumatic stress disorder as it is difficult to brush aside the images,\" she says. \"My life changed a lot and it took a long year to realize what kind of issues I had to face in daily life. But when I look back now, what I remember the most is the kindness of strangers and help from friends.\"She especially remembers a young girl, maybe 18-19 years old then, who was among the staff members in the hotel's restaurant. \"She was the first person whom I met on the street once I got out,\" Niedu says. \"The girl told me that she was worried about me and was looking for me! I don't remember her name and she was not from Mumbai but I would like to meet her again and thank her. In fact, I would like to thank all the people who touched my life during the most difficult time.\"When terrorists stormed the hotel, Niedu was in her room. \"I was supposed to fly to Ahmedabad the next day,\" Niedu says. \"I left the room immediately and informed my friend in Gujarat, Mujahid Mallik, who assured me that he would send somebody to take care of my belongings as I had nothing with me. I came to Gujarat soon after. Here I have some excellent friends who helped me get out of depression.\" Niedu has visited the state twice after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17379515", "title": "SP suspended for Facebook arrests, magistrate shunted", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly a week after two Palghar girls were unnecessarily summoned to the police station and arrested for an innocuous Facebook post, the government is suspending the superintendent of police (Thane rural) Ravindra Sengaonkar. In a separate development, the Bombay high court on Monday transferred Ramchandra Bagade, the first-class judicial magistrate at Palghar who had given the girls bail of Rs 15,000 each.Government officials said Palghar senior police inspector Shrikant Pingle would also be suspended and additional superintendent of police (Thane rural) Sangram Nishandar would escape with a strong warning. The action against the cops comes after a sustained campaign in TOI against the arrests of Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan, both 21. Sources said this is the biggest action against high-ranking police officers in Maharashtra in the recent past.Dhada had lamented in a facebook post the November 18 shutdown due to Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's funeral. Shrinivasan had 'liked' the post. Though Dhada didn't name Thackeray, the local Sena chief complained against the girls and the cops arrested the duo on November 19, which kicked off a nationwide furore over the attack on freedom of speech. Moreover, only on November 20 did cops arrest the vandals who caused Rs 20 lakh worth of damage at Shaheen's uncle's hospital on November 18, despite her taking down her post and apologizing that day itself.The actions of Bagade had been recently questioned by former chief information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi, who asked why the magistrate hadn't seen the absurdity of the charges against the girls and thrown out the case. Bagade, who had also given bail of Rs 7,500 each to 10 hospital vandals, has been transferred to Jalgaon with immediate effect.Sengaonkar's suspension comes after the government spent days dithering on taking action against the cops. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil had promised action on Thursday, but an inquiry report by special inspector general (Konkan) Sukhwinder Singh was ready only on Friday. It indicted the three cops for not taking action at the appropriate time and called for appropriate administrative action against the police officials who handled the case ineptly. However, Singh's factual report didn't specify the action. Additional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan recommended suspending Sengaonkar and Pingle and warning Nishandar.On Monday, government officials blamed the delay in taking action on the statewide alert that had been issued due to the anniversary of the 26/11 attacks.Singh's report, which was submitted to the DGP, confirmed that there was absolutely no justification for arresting the two young women under either sections 295A or 505-2 of the IPC and Section 66A of the IT Act. The two girls were first booked under 295-A (deliberate and malicious act intended to outrage religious feelings) and IT Act section 66A (sending a grossly offensive message through a communication device). Later, 295A was dropped and replaced with 505-2 (promoting enmity, hatred or ill will).After the arrests, DGP Sanjeev Dayal immediately submitted a preliminary report to Rajan saying there appeared to be high-handedness on the part of the police and the arrests appeared unwarranted. Union telecom and IT minister Kapil Sibal and minister of state for communications and IT Milind Deora also condemned the arrests.Chavan appointed Singh to probe the episode on November 19. All along, both Chavan and home minister R R Patil, while admitting that the Palghar police had exceeded their brief, maintained that once the IG's report was received stern action would be taken against the erring officials. \"We have taken the arrests of the two women very seriously. We will take stern action against the erring police officials. We will take such action that they will remember for life,\" Patil said.However, till Monday there was no sign of any action being taken. The Union home ministry stepped in on Friday, with a joint secretary in the ministry asking the state home department to immediately submit the inquiry report and details of the action taken against erring police officials.Singh recommended dropping the charges against the girls. His report was processed by Rajan and submitted to Patil on Saturday. \"Amitabh Rajan endorsed the views expressed by Sukhwinder Singh and has recommended stringent action against the police officials indicted in the report,\" a senior home department bureaucrat said on Monday.Commenting on the suspension, senior counsel Amit Desai said, \"Whilst the suspension is certainly welcome, what would be appreciated is that, before the issue becomes stale in the public's mind, final action is also taken. Since it is only a proper stringent action taken by the state that alone will send a message to other officers not to act in haste in matters of registration of such FIRs or makes such incorrect arrests. Final action should be quick and strong so that the message goes out that police too must face consequences for their hasty and unjustifiable acts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380777", "title": "Varsity puts on hold new marks system", "text": "CHENNAI: The state medical university has informed the Madras high court that it will not apply the new evaluation scheme for first year MBBS degree students this year.A submission to this effect was made to the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, by Narmadha Sampath, counsel for the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University on Monday.\"The university will not apply the regulations passed in 43rd Standing Academic Committee meeting held on December 19, 2011, for the students of first year MBBS who wrote their examinations in August 2012, and the university will apply the Medical Council of India regulations for this batch of students. This may be brought to the notice of the bench hearing the writ petitions,\" the university's undertaking read.The matter relates to the university's new policy of making it mandatory for I year MBBS students to score a minimum of 50% marks in each subject instead of an aggregate of 50% marks in the subjects. It also envisaged a break system as per which unless the student cleared each of the subject with 50% marks each, he cannot attend the second year classes.This enhanced academic standard resulted in the failure of more than one-third of first year students who wrote the examination in August this year. While the aggrieved students have sought court's intervention and permission to attend second year classes, the university defended its new evaluation scheme saying it had the consent of the Medical Council of India and that it could not be faulted for prescribing higher academic standards.Faced with campus unrest, besides the fact that the MCI's nod for the new scheme landed after it was introduced this year, the university registrar K Sivasangeetha on Monday wrote to its counsel Narmadha Sampath conveying its decision not to implement the scheme this year.In deference to the university's request that the court decide the validity of the impugned regulations, the court would pass orders on the matter shortly.The university has already informed the court that in the August 2012 examinations, 67% of first year MBBS candidates had cleared all subjects without any arrear. Only a minority of the students is against the new pattern, it had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17381539", "title": "Burglars steal items worth over Rs 4L", "text": "MANGALORE: Thieves broke open the house door of Rasheed Sulaiman, a resident of upper Bendore here, and decamped with gold ornaments and cash valued at Rs 4.08 lakh. The incident took place between 5pm on November 24 and 11.30am on November 25.In another incident miscreants gained entry into the house of Gangamma, a resident of Kudroli here by breaking the door lock and took away gold ornaments worth Rs 24,000. The incident took place sometime on Saturday evening and Sunday afternoon. Cases have been registered in Mangaloree East and North police stations respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17379527", "title": "Pickpocket attacks city bus driver", "text": "HYDERABAD: A pickpocket assaulted an RTC driver after the latter identified him and tried to alert others when the bus was near LB Stadium on Monday. The incident occurred in a bus going to Chandrayangutta on Monday. As the bus was nearing a stop near Khan Latif Khan Building, driver Praveen found the pickpocket committing the offence and trying to get away.\"The driver immediately alerted other passengers and asked them to nab the thief. Meanwhile, the pickpocket suddenly turned back and attacked Praveen on his neck with a blade,\" ACP, Saifabad, K V Ramnarasimha Reddy said. The thief was overpowered by the conductor, passengers and the locals and was handed over to the Saifabad police. The injured driver was shifted to Osmania General Hospital. His condition was stable. A case was booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17380096", "title": "Bangalore's own lit fest and all that zest", "text": "BANGALORE: The twin-headed Gandaberunda mounted on a nib stands testimony to the fervour behind the upcoming Bangalore Literature Festival (BLF).Designed by Sowmya Ashok, this logo heralds the season of books, literature and all that ado, which goes into creating the world that binds pen to paper. Author Vikram Sampath, who is among the four bibliophiles burning the midnight lamp to make this fest an event to reckon with, believes this twin-headed bird brings the tradition of Karnataka to the fore.As D-date for BLF arrives, Vikram and his co-partners author Shinie Anthony, publishing professional Alaham Anil Kumar and social sector professional Srikrishna Ramamoorthy have their mantra for the first round of the fest in order. \"During the first year, we wanted to give primacy to Kannada and we have authors from every nook of the state. We've also given prominence to Hindi and Urdu,\" said Vikram.From December 7 to 9 this year, look forward to interactions with literary heavyweights like UR Ananthamurthy, Chandrashekhara Kambara, Javed Akhtar, Nissar Ahmed and Shashi Deshpande. Catch the sparring between Gulzar and Javed Akhtar at the 'Nazm aur Tarkhash' session, the crossfire with Chetan Bhagat, writing on sport, theatre and literature in a Twitter era, among other mind-tickling bonanzas.Cultural performances, a children's reading arena, launch of Beantown, the literary journal, a bookstore with 20,000 titles and a tribute to 'Bangarada Manushya' Dr Rajkumar -- all this will happen on the front lawns of Jayamahal Palace Hotel. Entry free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17380662", "title": "Five cell towers shut down in Greater Noida", "text": "NOIDA: To minimize adverse health impacts of electromagnetic radiations emitted from cellular towers, Greater Noida Authority has shut down operations of five of them located in schools and hospitals. The transmission equipment belonged to five cellphone service providers. Eight alternate sites have been identified by the Authority for relocating the towers.Authority officials said that operations of these towers were shut down after several notices issued to the company that has installed the towers went unheeded. The Authority had begun a drive in October to identify towers located in sensitive locations of the city. The drive was initiated after the Allahabad high court, in an order in January, had banned installation of new towers in residential areas. The court had sought assessment of the impact of existing cellular towers on human health through a panel of IIT experts.The Authority has shut down operations of three towers located in Kailash Hospital, Sharda Hospital and Shree Krishna Lifeline Hospital. Similarly, operations of two towers located in a playschool in Sector Alpha-I have also been shut down.\"The health risks of radiations from cellular towers are greater on patients and young children. Hence, towers located in schools and hospitals have been asked to shut down operations first,\" said an Authority official.Officials said towers installed in residential areas, including urban sectors and villages, are also being identified. \"Operations of these towers would also be shut down. Alternate sites for these towers would be provided by the Authority,\" the official added.To ensure that cellular services are not hampered due to shutdown of operations of the five towers, the Authority has asked service providers to re-route traffic of calls from alternate towers for the time being.The Authority said initial amounts have been deposited to book the sites identified for setting up cellular towers. \"Rs 2 lakh each has been paid by companies for booking these sites. Full costs are to be deposited to complete the allotment process,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17380907", "title": "AICTE approves of MBA course at SGSITS", "text": "INDORE: More than 35 students who opted for the two-year MBA course at SGSITS during the recent Directorate of Technical Education counseling, heaved a sigh of relief on Monday.In a pending matter at the high court, in which the double bench had given 10-day time to All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) to take final call on approval to the course, the council finally approved the recently introduced two-year MBA course at the institute.While informing the double bench comprising Justice K K Lahoti and Justice Shantanu Kemkar, the officials of AICTE said they are renewing the approval to the two-year MBA course at SGSITS as the institute has sorted out the shortcomings in the conference hall, which earlier violated the norms.The formal approval letter in this regard will be given on December 10, which is also scheduled as next hearing in the case.Vivek Patwa, the defence lawyer in the case, said, \"The council has given permission to the institute to run the course. It was unfair for the students who chose one of the reputed colleges. Formal approval letter will be submitted during the next hearing.\"Though in its previous hearing, the court had asked AICTE to furnish necessary documents to prove it did not give approval to the course at SGSITS, DTE has shown approval evidences in court. Then AICTE accepted its mistake and decided to take up the matter on urgent basis in its executive body meeting and give its final decision.Meanwhile, the students are feeling relieved after several months. A total of 45 students opted for SGSITS for management course. Six to seven students have surrendered their seats while others moved court. One of the petitioners, Vikas Yadav, said, \"I left two other colleges just to get admission into SGSITS as it is among the top institutions in the region. The problems of the two departments have brought troubles for students. But, now we are feeling relieved and happy.\"AICTE said it is renewing the approval to the two-year MBA course as the institute has sorted out the shortcomings which earlier violated the norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381821", "title": "Budget talk on IRAS day", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Indian Railway Accounts Service (IRAS) foundation day was celebrated recently at North Central Railway headquarters. IRAS Officers of North Central Railway and Central Organisation for Railway Electrification attended the presentation and seminar organised during the celebration.During the presentation on Budgetary System in India, financial advisor &amp; chief accounts officer (construction) A K Vajpayee traced the history of budget system and discussed in detail the rationale of separation of railway budget from the general budget.Financial advisor &amp; chief accounts officer (finance and budget) Arun Bijalwan discussed the public procurement bill and its ramification to Railways and IRAS officers. Vineet Dwivedi conducted the seminar.The fraternity has decided to celebrate IRAS day on last Saturday of November each year to commemorate the formation of Acworth Committee in November 1920 which consequently led to the separation of Railway Budget from General Budget and consequent birth of Indian Railway Accounts Service.The objective, is to update and tone up professional skills of IRAS officers. Financial advisor and chief accounts officer(NCR) Apala Singh and financial advisor &amp; chief accounts officer (Core) J P Pandey were present during the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381202", "title": "Pile-up jams Madhya Marg", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Traffic flow was interrupted for over half-an-hour following a pile-up involving four cars on Madhya Marg on Monday. The incident took place on the road stretch between the Grain Market, Sector 26 and Sector 27. These four vehicles were moving towards Chandigarh from Transport Lightpoint in Sector 26, when the accident happened. Commuters were allowed to use the cycle track to pass the blocked stretch. The incident took place around 11.30am.Inspector Anokh Singh said the accident took place when one of drivers suddenly pressed the break, but the people at the wheel in the three cars behind him failed to do so in the nick of time, colliding into each other one after the other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381626", "title": "More allegations rock 24X7 water project", "text": "NAGPUR: Fresh controversy involving 24X7 water supply project erupted when CPI leader Jammu Anand, who is also the union leader at the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), alleged of a huge scam. He demanded scrapping of the project and also asked NMC to take over the entire water works of the city from the private operator.Anand in a memorandum submitted to mayor Anil Sole revealed that according to the data collected by him from NMC the project is a big loss both for NMC and also the citizens.Anand said that the private water operator Orange city water limited (OCWL) is submitting daily reports claiming to supply 640 million litres of water per day (MLD) in the city. However, NMC's data revealed that the water storage capacity available in the city is just of 110 MLD.NMC staffers say that water is stored in all storages twice a day. \"Even then the amount of water stored will come up to 220 MLD only. Then on what basis is OCWL claiming to supply 640 MLD when there is no storage capacity available in the city,\" he said.Anand added that NMC pays OCWL at the rate of Rs 7.90 per unit for 250 MLD which come to Rs 72 crore per annum. \"Why is OCWL accepting payment for just 250 MLD when it claims to be supplying 640 MLD,\" he questioned.Anand said that the number 640 MLD is linked with financial matter. \"NMC is spending crores on raw water, electricity and treatment of water. This means that NMC is incurring huge loss,\" he said.Anand said that the financial data available from NMC revealed another story. \"NMC's total expense on water supply was Rs 90 crore per year. Now, the expense has increased to Rs 135 crore, since it handed over the water supply to the private operator. NMC should make it clear as to how the expense increased. NMC roped in the private operator claiming that it would help improve water supply and save losses. However, there is no difference in the whole scenario,\" he said.The union leader also said that NMC executed the 24X7 project after implementing the pilot project in Dharampeth Zone. \"NMC used to supply 41 MLD water to the pilot project area before the execution of project. The water supply increased to 97 MLD. But NMC has not achieved a single target set up both by itself and also the Central government. The cost of the project has increased to a great extent, much more than that approved by the Central government. All this proves that the pilot project was failure. Besides this, OCWL comprises of two companies- Veolia water (India) limited and Vishvaraj environment limited on 50-50% share basis. We hope that the mayor will probe all these points and bring facts before the public,\" he said.NCP leader and former corporator, Vedprakash Arya too highlighted several points and asked the civic body to scrap the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17384253", "title": "Changes in Bollywood here to stay: Karan Johar", "text": "Filmmaker Karan Johar , who has been a part of Bollywood for 18 years, backs corporatisation of the industry and believes the positive changes it has brought about are \"here to stay\".\"There has been so much change. The work ethics, the working style, the atmosphere, the system... I think we finally have a sense of corporatisation, a sense of structure and discipline. These things have worked their way to the entertainment business and are here to stay,\" Karan told IANS.Having entered the industry as an assistant diretor, Karan made his directorial debut with Kuch Kuch Hota Hai in 1998. He went on to make hit films like Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham , Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna and My Name is Khan .His last directorial was the youthful Student Of The Year . The 40-year-old firmly believes a filmmaker's movie reflects who he really is.\"I think you make the movies which you are all about. So if you are relevant and intelligent and creative, you manage to do all of that (in the film too),\" he said.Karan delivered three successful productions this year - Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu , Agneepath and Student of the Year - and he is content.\"It has been a fantastic year. To have a three on three record is always a great thing. To be successful in everything that you have ever attempted is something which we are very happy about,\" he said.\"We feel very validated and grateful to the audience and to the people who have believed in us,\" he added.Having launched so many young talents into the industry, Karan is deeply attached to each one of them and almost treats them as family.\"I feel that all the first time directors and actors who have been launched by Dharma Productions are members of the family and my kids. So when their work comes, I feel like I have gone to a concert with my child and I hope that everyone gives them an applause,\" he said.Talking about his future plans, he said: \"Nothing has been structured or fructified at the moment. I am on my way to make my annual trip just to kind of feel creative and go and write what I want to make next. (But) Nothing concrete as of now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17382025", "title": "Sonepur Fair begins today", "text": "PATNA: The month-long Harihar Kshetra Mela or Sonepur Mela, Asia's largest cattle fair, is all set to open on Tuesday, a day ahead of Kartik Purnima, with many new attractions. Apart from its traditional components, the fair, for the first time, will have a hangar like that of New Delhi trade fair and would have stalls where one can shop and eat.Talking to mediapersons on Monday, state tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintoo, who will inaugurate the fair, said, \"There will be 60 stalls of all segments under one roof. From garments to furniture, automobiles to electronic and jewellery to toys to FMCG goods, all can be procured in the fair.\" Organizers say the fair this year would be much more organized because earlier a few brands of different products ended up branding themselves. However, this year there would be uniformly dedicated stalls. He added the whole decor of the pandals would be of world class level.The tourists can enjoy their stay at Swiss cottages especially designed to attract foreign tourists. The cottages would be a fine blend of tradition and modern ambience. For kids, there would be special attraction of 3-D movies and a mobile video wall. To add to the entertainment quotient, there would be a dedicated movie lounge which would show different kinds of movies.To give the fair a fine blend of tradition and modernity, many Bihari artists would also showcase their talents at the cultural evenings, said Pintoo. A sand artist from Pune, Nikunja Kishor Nayak, will recreate Bihar's monuments and iconic figures in front of the pandals.Continuing its heritage, the fair will be perfect platform for trading of elephants, farm animals, dogs, buffaloes, goats, camels and all types of birds. The fair, spread over nine square km, will be monitored by CCTV cameras from centralized rooms. Changing rooms and mobile toilets would also be provided for the convenience of visitors. Over 2 million visitors are expected to attend the fair. The minister assured that vulgarity of any kind would not be tolerated during the cultural evenings.A Singapore channel would be making a documentary on the mela, while a New York Times author would be writing exclusively on it. The fair would also be webcast live.Special attractionsDedicated stalls for electronics, automobilesFMCG products to attract customersSpecial entertainment and kids zoneFurniture, toys, utensils under one roofAgriculture tools and handicrafts availableThree-hour cultural eveningLive webcast of fair", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17379275", "title": "BMC to charge less for public parking in buildings, new lot at Parel in January", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars struggling to find parking space in the city may finally have reason for cheer.Come January 1, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) will make operational a new public parking lot in Lower Parel.The new parking lot that the developer will hand over to the BMC has been constructed under the parking floor space index (FSI) policy revised by the state government in 2011. The policy is aimed at giving incentives to the developers who agree to construct public parking lots.Senior civic officials say that the parking lot at Apollo mills in Lower Parel can accommodate over 680 vehicles and has been installed with an automatic mechanised ticketing system which will also take pictures of the vehicles that enter the parking lot. The vehicles will also be scanned.Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta said that the BMC will start the parking lot from January 1 and the process to hand over the parking lot is on.\"In order to encourage people to use the parking lots in the buildings we will charge rates lower than at open parking lots near the main roads,\" said Gupta.The BMC is yet to decide the rates to be charged on these public parking lots.So far under the parking policy the state government has approved of 32 parking lots that will create parking space for more than 30,000 vehicles. Another 11 proposals that have been approved by the BMC are in the pipeline to receive the state government's approval.With the private vehicle count touching 2 million and only a few thousand parking spots in the city, parking is fast turning into a crisis.The BMC's 92 functioning parking lots in the city under the 'pay and park' schemes have space to accommodate only 10,314 vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17380046", "title": "BMW crashes into tractor in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: In a bizarre accident, a 35-year-old man crashed his BMW car head-on into a tractor on Monday afternoon and then ploughed into a paan kiosk nearby. While the car driver is said to be in a critical condition, the accident left another three injured, two of whom have also been admitted to a city hospital.The incident occurred around noon at the crossing of Sectors 50 and 51. According to the police, the BMW was being driven at great speed and the impact of the collision was so severe that the tractor broke into two. After the BMW hit the tractor, it crashed into a paan kiosk in the vicinity and finally came to stop after it rammed into the wall of a drain nearby. The car then hung precariously at the edge of the drain.Police said that the front airbags of the BMW opened on impact and that probably helped save the life of the driver, Ramesh Rajak. The driver was then taken to a city hospital where doctors said that his condition is critical. The paan kiosk owner, Munna, and one person on the tractor escaped with minor injuries. Two passengers travelling on the tractor were injured seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17379972", "title": "Homemakers as valuable as earning members: Allahabad HC", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court has upheld that a married woman as a housewife and mother usually puts in more hours of work for the family than the earning members of the family and their contribution should not be considered any less.The court upheld that the work of a homemaker must be assigned value in terms of money for working out compensation to the remaining family members who are dependants on services provided by her and her contribution to the family.Giving this judgment, a division bench of Justice Sunil Ambwani and Justice A N Mithal dismissed a first appeal from order filed by the Reliance General Insurance Company Ltd.The court upheld the order passed by Motor Accident Claim Tribunal of Maharaj Ganj, which awarded the compensation of Rs 2,68,500 to be paid by the insurance company to the legal representative and dependants of Safia Khatoon, aged about 50 years, who died in a road accident.The court rejected the plea of the counsel appearing for the Insurance Company, who had said that since the woman had no income it could not be said that any of the claimants were dependant on her income to receive compensation.The court said \"On the present value of money, the notional income of Rs 30,000 per month suggested in Sarala Verma's case at Rs 1,000 per day in the year 2009 for calculating the income of a person whose employment was not proved by any reliable evidence will be equally-applicable to the married women, whose contribution to the family as a home maker has to be given the same value as other earning members\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17379538", "title": "Complaints flood Water Board's consumer meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over 80 complaints were received during the first-ever 'Consumer Meet' held by Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) officials in Division-IV ( Red Hills) on Monday. The 'Consumer Meet' hopes to redress on the spot grievances related to water bills, water supply and sewerage and other issues, but as expected officials decided to 'forward' the complaints to their higher-ups.A team of officials working in the division, led by general manager M Krishna, conducted the 'Consumer Meet' at a community hall at old Feelkhana in Gowliguda area between 11 am and 3 pm. \"We have received 87 complaints on various issues like billing, regularisation of illegal water connections and water contamination.Most complaints were on billing. We will forward the complaints to the Water Board MD,\" HMWS&SB; general manager M Krishna told TOI. Residents of Indiranagar complained of water pollution and HMWS&SB; officials gave them an assurance that their problem would be looked into on priority basis.The Water Board conducts 'Praja Vani' and 'Dial-Your-MD' to receive complaints from consumers and the 'Consumer Meet' is the third initiative.The meet would be conducted in other divisions based on the availability of officials, a senior HMWS&SB; officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381761", "title": "Marijuana worth Rs 4.5 crore seized", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Sleuths of special operations group (SOG) on Monday claimed to have busted an inter-state gang of drug-peddlers and arrested five members near Jhunsi road when they were carrying a drug consignment.The police have also seized 1.25 quintal marijuana worth Rs 4.50 crore in international market and a four-wheeler having secret cell.The arrested persons were identified as Bipin Kumar of Manda, Shivshankar of Bhadohi, Suresh Kumar of Karchana, Dinesh Kumar Patel of Varanasi and Ravi Jaiswal of Mirzapur.SOG officials said that the drug assignment was brought from Odisha. The sleuths of Special operation group (SOG) were tipped of about a specially designed vehicle having a secret cell and this vehicle was being used by drug peddlers to smuggle drug consignments from one state to another.SOG officials pointed out that the secret cell was placed under the driver's seat to dodge police and a secret door was attached to cell to place the consignment. The gang was operating for the last couple of years.This was the third case when a huge cache of drugs were seized within a short span of three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381806", "title": "House work as much contribution as income: High court", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court has upheld that a married woman as a housewife and mother usually puts in more hours and performs services for the family, which cannot be underestimated and should not be taken as a contribution any less than income of the earning members in supporting a family.The court upheld that domestic work of a homemaker must be assigned value in terms of money for working out compensation to the remaining family members who are dependants on services provided by her and her contribution to the family.Giving this judgment, a division bench consisting of Justice Sunil Ambwani and Justice A N Mithal dismissed a first appeal from order filed by the Reliance General Insurance Company Ltd.The court upheld the order passed by Motor Accident Claim Tribunal of Maharaj Ganj, which awarded the compensation of Rs 2,68,500 to be paid by the insurance company to the legal representative and dependants of Safia Khatoon, aged about 50 years, who died in a road accident.The court rejected the plea of the counsel appearing for the Insurance Company, who had said since the woman had no income, it could not be said that any of the claimants was dependant on her income to receive compensation.The court said \"On the present value of money the notional income of Rs 3,000 per month suggested in Sarala Verma's case at Rs 1,000 per day in the year 2009 for calculating the income of a person, whose employment was not proved by any reliable evidence, will be equally applicable to the married women, whose contribution to the family as a home maker has to be given the same value as other earning members\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17381527", "title": "Modules to ensure tender transparency", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is planning to develop additional modules to ensure transparency in the e-procurement system involving government tenders under 'government-to-business' (G-2-B) initiative.The new modules called 'Online Payment Facility' for government e-procurement software GePNIC will make payment of tender hassle free. A state level steering committee headed by principal secretary ( finance ) J K Mahapatra reviewed the system recently.\"The system will enable a bidder to make the payment of tender online through Internet banking facility. This will empower a bidder, besides lessening the dependency on the department and bringing more transparency to all government tendering systems,\" said K S Raghavan, scientist at National Informatics Centre (NIC). The NIC has proposed to the state government to route online payment of tender paper through SBI and other banks, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17380933", "title": "Unsafe sweets leave residents 'shocked'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Out of the 100 food samples collected near Diwali, 20 failed the purity test.Food safety officer Ravinder Garg said any vendor found selling adulterated sweets was liable to face a penalty of up to Rs 3 lakh. Besides, in case of mixed branding category, if a seller does not have correct information about the contents of the food item, he can be penalized up to Rs 2 lakh.In case of contaminated food items, which can be life threatening a seller can face life imprisonment and a fine up to Rs 50 lakh.No wonder the test reports indicating that the business of adulterated sweets is thriving in the city, which has left worried the local residents.\"It's really shocking that we have been made to eat unsafe and sub-standard sweets on Diwali. The authorities should hand over strict punishment to the sweet shop owners selling unsafe and substandard sweets,\" said Gagandeep Singh, a marketing professional from BRS Nagar.Pooja Tandon, a resident of Shastri Nagar, added, \"We know sweet shop owners sell sub standard sweets but what is more shocking is that some of the samples have even been found to be unsafe for human consumption'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382276", "title": "13 years later, zoo to get giant tortoises again", "text": "KOLKATA: When Adwaita died in March 2006, he was the world's oldest bachelor. His successors - from the same country in the South Pacific - will be a young couple, probably aged around 25 to 30 years. They will be spared the loneliness suffered by their predecessor who remained single for 255 years before breathing his last at the Alipore Zoological Gardens.The zoo is waiting with bated breath to receive two giant tortoises from Adwaita's original home, Aldabra of Seychelles Islands in the South Pacific. Adwaita or the \"one and only\" (Sanskrit) belonged to Lord Clive, who had four Seychelles-born tortoises. Adwaita, the only one who had survived, found his home in Alipore zoo 118 years after Clive won the Battle of Plassey and laid the foundations of British Empire in India. Adwaita not only outlived his master, but also the empire he created.The ministry of environment and forests is currently liaisoning with the government of Seychelles to get the tortoises for Alipore zoo at the earliest. Luckily, it was the Seychelles government that made the offer as they learnt that the void left by Adwaita hasn't been fulfilled even after 13 years.\"They said they wanted to gift Alipore zoo with a tortoise. But the Bengal government has asked for two because it could be extremely solitary for a tortoise to come away from his own country and settle abroad all by himself,\" said a forest official. Aldabra tortoises are found in the four-island Aldabra atoll of the Seychelles, a UN World Heritage site that now has about 152,000 giant tortoises. The average, weighing about 120 kg, is thought to be the longest lived of all animals.Echoing him, zoo director K L Ghosh said: \"We have asked for two tortoises from Seychelles, but have no idea when they will land up. We are keeping ourselves prepared.\" A large enclosure will be readied for the tortoise couple. The state forest department has asked the ministry of environment and forests if the ages of the tortoises could be made known along with other relevant information.The ministry, in turn, has told the state government that since this was a gesture of goodwill between two countries, it wouldn't be diplomatic to ask questions. \"I guess we'll have to accept whatever the Seychelles government gives us since this would be a gift from one country to another,\" said a forest official at Writers' Buildings.But officials guessed the tortoises will be young (say around 25 to 30 years) so they could live in the Alipore zoo for at least 100 years. The lifespan of a tortoise, they said, usually varied between 150 and 180 years. Adwaita, who died at 255, has been the world's oldest animal and a grand exception. \"We hope they will live as long as Adwaita, whose record is yet to be broken. So we shall take very care to keep them comfortable and happy,\" said a zoo official.State forest department, excited that it is to receive the giant tortoises, is also dwelling on the 'case' of Bibi and Poldi, the tortoise couple from the Reptilien Zoo Happ in Austria who lived happily for 115 years before their 'divorce' in January, 2012.Adwaita, the Aldabran tortoise was a gift to Clive from the British sea-fares who captured the tortoise from Seychelles islands. Clive had four such tortoises in his villa at Latbagan in Barrackpore. Three died and Adwaita was transferred to the Alipore zoo in 1875 by Carl Louis Schwendler, the founder of the zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380637", "title": "SC stays attachment of Dawood kin's properties", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday stayed attachment proceedings of the properties of fugitive underworld don Dawood Ibrahim's mother and sister in Mumbai.A bench of Justices T S Thakur and F M I Kalifulla also issued notice to the Centre on Dawood's mother Amina Bi (dead, petition filed by her legal representative) and sister Hasina Ibrahim Parker's plea challenging the attachment order of their residential houses.The two women have a total of seven residential properties in their names. Of this, two are in Amina's name and five in Hasina's name. The properties, which are said to be worth crores of rupees, worth crores of rupees have allegedly been acquired with Dawood's ill-gotten wealth.They approached the apex court challenging the order of the Delhi high court which had turned down their plea against the order for seizure of their properties in Mumbai under the Smugglers And Foreign Exchange Manipulators (Forfeiture Of Property) Act (SAFEMA). The Act provides for forfeiture of \"illegally acquired properties\" of smugglers and foreign exchange manipulators and their kith and kin.The petitioners pleaded that they were not duly served the forfeiture notices and so the subsequent proceedings to attach their properties at Nagpada in south Mumbai were illegal and they should be given a fresh chance to challenge the forfeiture notices. One of the forfeiture notices were issued under the SAFEMA in on July 14, 1998.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mettupalayam", "code": "17382144", "title": "Rameswaram temple elephant dies at rejuvenation camp", "text": "METTUPALAYAM: A 52-year-old female elephant died before the opening of the annual rejuvenation camp for temple elephants at Nellithurai near Mettuppalayam in Coimbatore district.The elephant, Bhavani, belonged to the Ramanathaswamy temple at Rameswaram. She died around 8pm on Sunday when she was taken to the Bhavani river for a bath, said sources in the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE;) department.The elephant had travelled for 12 hours continuously in a truck from Rameswaram to Coimbatore and was tired. She collapsed on the river bed and died. Fearing that the incident would upset the camp, department officials kept it a secret and send the body to Rameswaram without an autopsy.HR&CE; officials maintained till late on Monday evening that Bhavani was alive and sent back to Rameswaram only because she developed \"certain complications\". HR&CE; minister M S M Anandan who was at the camp for its inauguration on Monday said the elephant was sent back as it was sick.On Monday, the temple officials in Rameswaram confirmed the death and said preparations for the funeral were on. Bhavani reached the camp on Sunday morning in a truck along with 10-year-old elephant Ramalakshmi of the same temple. Both elephants were donated to the temple by Ramasubramaniya Raja of Ramco Group.The long journey standing in the truck and the sudden change in climate from the coast to the foothills may have contributed to the death, feel officials.Apart from Anandan, agriculture minister S Damodaran and forest minister K T Pachamal were at the inauguration. The inauguration was followed by a feeding of the remaining 33 elephants. Many mahouts and kavadis complained to the ministers about the lack of facilities in the camp. The sheds for their accommodation were not ready, they said. The water level in the river was below the requirement and the five-acre plot in which the camp was being conducted was overcrowded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381873", "title": "Spotlight on radiation, cancer and society", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A three-day international conference on radiation, cancer and society (ICRCS-2012), been organised by Nehru Gram Bharati University, was inaugurated in the city on Monday. Organised at Vigyan Parishad auditorium of the city, the conference is being attended by scientists across the country along with their counterparts from US, UK, Canada , Japan and South Korea.Inaugurating the conference and speaking as chief guest, the chief controller, research &amp; development, Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) Delhi W Selvamurthy advised the university should focus on quality research to fulfill the objective. He explained briefly the relation between radiation, cancer and impact on humanity. Selvamurthy briefed about achievements of INMAS (Institute of Nuclear Medicine and Allied Sciences) sub division of DRDO with reference to radiation and cancer biology and the recent advancement in the field. He applauded the effort of NGBU and said it was impressive to see NGPU attaining such a height in a short span of time and gaining all credentials to become centre for excellence.Yoshihisa Matsumoto from Tokyo Institute of Technology Japan delivered talk on Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear power plant accident from the aspect of radiation biologist. Mohi Rezvani of University of Readings UK chaired the session and delivered talk on treatment of radiation induced normal tissue damage.Chancellor of the university J N Mishra in his address highlighted the vision, mission and objective of the university to empower the rural population especially young students through quality education. He emphasised fulfilment of Jawahar Lal Nehru's dream of empowering the rural population through education.K P Mishra, V-C of the university and chairman of the conference delivered the presidential address and highlighted ongoing research work on radiation and cancer biology and invited young researchers to participate in the projects. Convenor Dr Nandani Goswami briefed about the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17381043", "title": "All roads lead to Punjab Agricultural University", "text": "LUDHIANA: Elaborate security arrangements and alternate traffic plans have been made for President Pranab Mukherjee's Tuesday visit to Punjab Agricultural University (PAU). After inaugurating a three-day international conference on \"Sustainable Agriculture for Food and Livelihood Security\" at the campus, the President would also visit a private school in Dugri.Talking about the President's itinerary, PAU's additional director communication H S Sehgal said: \"He is expected to land at PAU helipad around 12.15pm, after which he will proceed to the Pal Auditorium at 12.30pm to inaugurate the conference. At 2.15pm, the President is scheduled to attend the lunch hosted by PAU. He will leave the campus at 2.50pm. The arrangements outside the campus are being looked into by the police and civic administration.\"Police commissioner Ishwar Singh said, \"We have made security arrangements for the President's visit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17380495", "title": "Shri Ram celebrates in style", "text": "GURGAON: Celebrating artwork and rural craft of different states, The Shri Ram School Aravali organized a festival on Friday evening.The festival was organized on the school grounds where students, parents and teachers showcased various artworks. The students have been involved in the selection and designing of the fabrics and the garments displayed.The festival had special dance performances which enthralled the audience. The chairperson of the school Manju Bharatram praised the students for their creativity and thanked the school staff for the initiatives.To popularize rural art among students, the school had roped in artists from various disciplines who held mentoring session on arts and design. The students were taught block printing, fabric painting, macrame, tie and dye, Madhubani, puppets and charpai weaving. In addition to this, they were also taught about the jewellery making, Papier-mache, block printing, weaving, Sanjhi, Madhubani and Kutch mirror work. ,Also food from the different parts of the country was available at the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17383410", "title": "Bank employee found dead in lake", "text": "MYSORE: Somanna, a 45-year-old bank employee, is suspected to have drowned accidentally in Kukkarahalli Lake while strolling along the water body on Monday morning. Police have ruled out suicide.The incident came to light in the evening when those who came for an evening walk noticed a body floating.Jayalakshmipuram police suspect Somanna, a group D employee at UTI Bank , may have accidentally slipped while passing through the area. The lake is about 7 ft deep. His family assumed that he had gone to work straight after his walk. He leaves behind wife Mangalamma, 4 children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380416", "title": "Admission to Lucknow University uphill task for sportspersons", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five sportspersons including three international-level players will get admission to Lucknow University (LU) only after producing genuine certificates issued by an authorized body. The decision was taken at a meeting of admission committee which was chaired by LU vice-chancellor GB Patnaik on Monday.University spokesperson Prof Rajesh Mishra said, \"The international-level players need to produce a genuine certificate for their admission in the university while the national-level players will have to show a certificate issued by an authorized body, the name of which is mentioned in the university's ordinances. After this, they will be considered for admissions.''Months after the university's admission process completed, LU officials on Monday finally took a call on the fate of five sportspersons who were denied admissions after their names were missing from the merit list. Sources said that they were kept away from admissions after university decided to pull back its rule of giving direct admissions to national and international players.For five sportspersons for whom admission in LU is still an uphill task include international taekwondo athletes Varsha Singh and Satyavan Gaur, UP under-19 cricket team member Shubhang Raj, football national level player Srikant Kannaujia and volleyball player Mohit Singh Taliyan. These players had sought admissions for different undergraduate and post-graduate courses in the university. While Singh who won a bronze medal in Commonwealth international championship in Chennai last year is said to have applied in BCom, Srikant and Shubhang are seeking admission in BA. Satyavan is said to have applied for MCom and Mohit for MSW.The meeting also saw the V-C making noises on putting a control on inbreeding of students. Sources said that the V-C is of the opinion to put an end to various reservations which are beyond constitutional and governmental level. \"Representation of wards of college teachers may soon see an end. Likewise reservation of 80% UG students of university into PG courses may also be over,'' said a source.However, Prof Mishra said, \"The university is certainly thinking ways to control inbreeding and if possible do away with it and open way for meritorious students. For reservations, we will follow all constitutional and governmental level policies.''To attract meritorious students in the university, the V-C has also decided to constitute the admission committee for the academic session 2013-14. The committee is likely to be in place within a fortnight. \"Due to late and prolonged admission process, the university is forced to lose meritorious students as they take admission elsewhere. By initiating the online admission process early, we can tap bright students and thus raise the university's standards,'' said a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380520", "title": "Med university publishes revised results, 85% students pass", "text": "CHENNAI: It was a joyous moment for several medicos on Monday when the state medical university published revised results as per Medical Council of India norms following an undertaking the varsity registrar gave in court. The pass rate went up by 17 percentage points. But academicians and deans of medical colleges say it would be a burden as the students have missed at least six weeks of classes since October.This year, nearly 33% of first year MBBS students in various colleges affiliated to the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University failed to clear the exam. These 1,121 students went on a series of protests, petitioned the health minister and moved the court against the revised examination rules.The university insisted they score a minimum of 50% in each paper to clear the exam. Earlier, they needed an aggregate of 50% in every subject.\"The MCI does not insist on this. It is unfair on the university to bring in these rules when every other university agrees to clear students who have an aggregate of 50%,\" said a first year MBBS student who cleared first year when the revised results came at 7pm on Monday. The pass percentage went up from 67% to nearly 85%.Academicians say they would have to hold special classes. \"By the time they join they would have lost at least two months. We will have to work out another time table and ask them to attend classes for additional hours during week days or for half a day on Saturdays,\" said Madras Medical College dean Dr V Kanagasabai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17382085", "title": "Congress\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s ad kicks up row", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17380765", "title": "Shehla murder case: Bullet was not visible, says witness", "text": "INDORE: Photographer, who took the photograph of crime scene of Shehla Masood murder case said on Monday in special Central Bureau of Investigationcourt that the bullet was not visible after cleaning the blood stain on the neck of deceased while taking the photograph.Photographer S C Sharma deposed before the special Central Bureau of Investigation court of Anupam Shirvastav as witness in case of RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case.During the cross examination, Sharma said he took the photograph with reel camera (not digital one) and submitted 22 photographs to the police after developing the print. He said that bullet was not visible while taking snaps.A J Bhojwani, lawyer of Zahida Parvez, said that photographer could not spot the bullet and he could not explain how he reached the spot and where he got the camera from.Sunil Shirvastav, lawyer of Saba Farooqui, said photographs were taken without observing the official norms.Next hearing of the case is scheduled for December 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17382077", "title": "Tuition rates outstrip school fees", "text": "PATNA: When you move through the lanes and bylanes of the city, boundary walls painted with advertisements for physics, chemistry or maths tuition or hoardings displaying mugshots of aspirants who have cleared engineering and medical entrance tests must have caught your attention. Not only have coaching institutes mushroomed in the city, the exorbitant rates they charge for imparting education would leave your eyes popping out.A 2011 study by Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India on 'Steep Rise in Education Fees', found that school expenses, including tuition fees, have gone up from 60,000 a year in 2005 to 1.2 lakh per annum per child in 2011.Textile designer Sunita Prakash, whose daughter is a student of Class XII in Notre Dame Academy, said, \"Compared to the fees of private schools, coaching centres charge much more. I preferred private tutors for my daughter for science subjects when she was in Class IX and X.\"Many parents shell out huge amounts on tuition every year, sometimes more than what they pay as school fees. \"While schools charge a fee of Rs 500 per month, the teacher of the same school charges Rs 2,000 to tutor a student at home. Why can't they teach the same way in school?\" said Shamael Ahmad, president, Private Schools and Children Welfare Association. \"Children force their parents to get them admitted to coaching centres as it is seen as a status symbol and parents have no choice but to give in to their kids' demands and waste their money,\" Ahmad added.Parents want their children to score 100% and find the teaching in school inadequate. Another parent, Madhu Sharma, mother of an XIth grader, said, \"My son's annual fee is Rs 35,000. However, his tuition fee is much more and I have to cut corners to keep my budget in check.\" Sharma hinted that the fee of the private coaching centre where her son takes extra classes to clear engineering entrance exams is in six digits.Padma Rohatgi, principal, St Albert's High School, said, \"Coaching centres are more or less running as parallel schools. While there are some genuine and good institutes, there are others that have fully AC rooms and separate waiting rooms for mothers with TV et al that make them expensive. It gives a hi-fi impression to parents who want the best of facilities for their kids.\"The ASSOCHAM survey of 1,000 parents also showed that they spent around 60% of their income on education, including coaching and extracurricular activities. In fact, many parents have taken to DISK (Double Income Single Kids) lifestyle that is where mothers have started working to bear the monthly expenses.Coaching institutes argue that there faculty members are paid much more than schoolteachers. Kanhaiya Singh, managing director of a coaching institute, said, \"The fee depends on quality of the coaching institute and the experience of its teachers. Faculty members of coaching institutes are paid in lakhs per month, so the students have to pay a premium fee for tuitions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379657", "title": "Did government jump gun on cash transfers?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's ambitious plan for direct cash transfer of subsidies is facing implementation hurdles even as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday set a January 1 deadline to roll out the scheme in 51 districts.While the PM's announcement was a formality, the petroleum ministry has pointed out that after the Cabinet approves the new mechanism, it will take 11 months for it to roll it out. This means that even if the scheme is approved now, it can be rolled out only around next October.Officials said the Cabinet note is yet to be circulated and on an average it takes around two months for the consultation process to be completed. Which means the rollout could be as late as next December, which may be too close for comfort of the government that is hoping to use cash transfer as a key poll plank in the 2014 elections.In fact, oil subsidies are the first among the major doles that would switch to cash transfer mode, which is seen to be more resistant to leakages and at the same time empower the beneficiaries with the option to choose between having less wheat and more vegetables or dal.Singh told his colleagues on Monday evening that 51 districts would roll out cash transfer from January and in 18 states from April and in the remaining part of the country would follow in 2013.Similarly, in case of food subsidy, there are concerns over the ever-growing pile of grains that the Food Corporation of India has accumulated owing to high minimum support price. For instance, the stock of wheat is estimated at over 40 million tonnes, nearly three times the buffer norm.Officials said the entire procurement system would have to be reworked given the dependence that farmers have on purchases by FCI. In the absence of government procurement, the fear is that farmers would be left at the mercy of market players. Besides, there is no clarity on what happens once the proposed Food Security Act is in place.The fresh concerns came even as the two most critical links \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Aadhaar numbers for all families and bank accounts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are not in place. The Unique Identification Authority of India has so far managed to meet the required criteria in 20 identified districts, while it has told the PMO that the remaining would be covered before January.In fact, during a meeting with his Cabinet colleagues on Monday, even the PM identified the two areas as challenges. \"I have also listened carefully about the challenges that lie in our way in moving to a system of direct cash transfers. In the coming days, we will need to make every possible effort to address these challenges,\" Singh said.\"If either of these pillars is weak, it would endanger the success of the initiative,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17381253", "title": "Muharram clash: Curfew in Jabalpur", "text": "JABALPUR: Following a clash between two groups on Muharram night curfew was imposed in Omit and Belbagh localities here on Monday. Miscreants threw stones at the police patrol parties and set fire to a shop in Gurandi Bazaar area leading to panic and stampede. The situation according to district officials is tense but under control.On Sunday night ugly scenes were witnessed in Galgala Chowk when two groups clashed on setting up a stall to welcome the procession in the congested market area. Sensing trouble over the communally sensitive issue, the district administration deployed heavy police force even as rumours spread and shopkeepers in Omit, Andherdeo, Tularam Chowk and adjacent areas downed their shutters. Miscreants pelted stones at the vehicles of district officials and torched bike and broke window panes of two shops. Two policemen including a SI were hurt in the melee.On Monday tension resurfaced after fresh incidents of violence and stone pelting in Lakarganj area where police had gone to arrest suspects. SP Harinarayan Chari Mishra said certain lanes at Omit and Belbagh have been identified and placed under curfew to avoid any untoward incident.Meanwhile, 12 men have already been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380175", "title": "Time for England to end the India 'jinx': Emburey", "text": "MUMBAI: England wouldn't mind playing another Test at Wankhede or on any wicket 'doctored' to spin from the start. MS Dhoni's desire for rank turners has boomeranged and former England spinner John Emburey sees it as the visitors' best opportunity to finally end the India 'jinx'.\"Both Monty Panesar and Graeme Swann bowled extremely well on a wicket that was intended to put England under pressure. England lost the toss but finally coming through on a wicket that was turning is a top quality performance. For me Kevin Pietersen's innings in the first innings was very crucial besides captain Alastair Cook's slow and steady accumulation of runs,\" Emburey told TOI on Monday.The former England offie called the Panesar-Swann combination the best English spin bowling partnership to have taken place in India.Ian Botham had captured 13 wickets (a record for an English bowler) at the Wankhede in a Test match in 1980. Emburey, who was a member of the visiting squad, put Panesar in the same bracket as Botham even though the two are different kinds of bowlers.\"Ian Botham was a medium-fast bowler who bowled extremely well and I played in that game. He bowled with aggression, he got the ball to swing early on and he got a hundred in that match as well. English spinners have traditionally not bowled well in India. Monty Panesar bowled with good pace on that pitch and probably bowling at the right pace is very important at Wankhede. Monty found that pace and when England go to Kolkata, he has to find the right pace to bowl on the Eden Gardens wicket,\" Emburey said. If the Eden Gardens wicket also yields to spinners like the first two Tests, Panesar and Swann might account for another carnage.\"Every Test match won in India in terms of spin bowling is an achievement for England. I still believe England don't play spin very well. We had two extremely good innings from Cook and Pietersen and that set us up in Mumbai. Panesar, I think is now finishing his action and that's very important. When he's coming around the wicket the angle he's creating is hard for anybody to pick. The pace that Panesar bowled and the variations that Swann used on the wicket were the key to their success. If the Eden wicket also takes turn, it will be a fascinating contest,\" he said.England have leveled the series and this is the visitors' best chance to end the long wait (England have not won a Test series since 1984-85).\"England cannot afford the mistake of being defensive once again. They made the mistake in the first Test and lost. To play three spinners and two pacers is the right choice. England might consider leaving a batsman out and including an extra pacer if the situation demands. But surely, from here, they can't play to draw the series. England's attitude should be to win the Test series and the next two matches,\" Emburey insisted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "madrid", "code": "17384226", "title": "Scorpion stings passenger on flight", "text": "MADRID: A scorpion stung a passenger on a flight from Costa Rica to Spain, which forced the sealing of the Iberia airlines Airbus 340 at Madrid's Barajas International Airport, said aviation sources.The incident took place last Thursday aboard Flight 6316 from San Jose to Madrid.The pilot told the Barajas control tower that a scorpion had stung a passenger; the airport's medical service was subsequently notified, the sources told EFE Monday.Upon the airliner's arrival at Madrid, Barajas doctors confirmed the arachnid sting on the passenger's left arm, for which they took her to a hospital in the Spanish capital.The woman of Swiss nationality remained under observation until she was released the next day.The passenger was on a flight from San Jose to Madrid with another five people, who had planned to continue their trip to Zurich.One member of the group remained in Madrid to accompany the passenger during her hospitalization, while the other four continued on to the Swiss city as planned.The Iberia plane had to be sealed off, according to the regulations for such cases, in order to find the scorpion and disinfect the aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17379654", "title": "Twin tragedy strikes family", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was an hour before the fire broke out P Venugopal Rao left his flat in a taxi to board a bus to Chennai on official work. His house was full of life with family friends joining in to see the 11-day-old twins Venugopal's wife Sarada had delivered.An hour later at around 9 pm, Venugopal rushed back to see burnt bodies of his parents and son being shifted out of the flat. The family had moved into this apartment about five years ago.Rao's parents P Srihari Rao, 61, and mother P Aruna, 55, along with one of the twin boys were burnt alive in the serious mishap on Sunday night. Sarada's mother M Anantharawamma, 55, who was staying with her over the last month or so to assist her during delivery, suffered 70% burns.Venugopal's six-year-old son Srujan, wife and a twin luckily managed to escape.\"Because of old age, my parents seem to have found it difficult to run for their lives,\" a crestfallen Venugopal speaking to TOI said. \"We were so happy when my twin sons were born, now I have lost my 11-day-old son,\" he said.Venugopal who is employed as a senior planning engineer at Voltas has left for his native place Edlapadu near Guntur to cremate his parents and one twin.\"My family members were inside and the door was closed. They were oblivious of the happenings outside and got to know about the fire only when it got too late,\" he said, with a very heavy voice before leaving.Anxious relatives who gathered at OGH said that Anantharawamma and Sarada with one twin boy were downstairs to see off their visitors on the fateful night. \"When the duo smelled smoke and looked around, they noticed that even their flat had flames and smoke billowing from it. Anantharawamma rushed upstairs to alert the family members but she got stuck in the smoke and darkness,\" said Ravindra, a relative of Rao. He added that Anantharawamma was talking but was unable to open her eyes because of burn injuries.D Bhaskar Rao, 50, the watchman of the apartment, died when he got stuck in the lift. Another victim A Mahalakshmi, 88, who was staying in the ground floor-II, succumbed as she could not rush outside due to old age.\"All of us rushed downstairs but because of old age, she could not make it. She died of asphyxiation and 10% burns,\" said Kushal Kumar, Mahalakshmi's grandson.M Venkata Subbaiah, 59, a resident of Flat No 302 was the sixth victim. \"Our entire family rushed to the terrace but my father alone went downstairs. He was on the second floor when he skidded on the stairs and died,\" said M Venkateshwar Rao, Subbaiah's son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17381258", "title": "Cong, others too to join Katni protest", "text": "JABALPUR: With state Congress and Jantantrik Samajwadi Party gearing for a show of solidarity to their cause on December 2, the \"pyre protest\" by Katni farmers is all set to take political centre stage this winter.The eight-month-long agitation against the proposed Welspun thermal power plant by 145 families in two hamlets here, has seen a suicide an attempted suicide and also state government's attempts to downplay both. And as JD (U), which had stolen the march over the rivals by taking up the issue first, gives final shape to its battle plan other parties jump in to fish in troubled waters. \"Congress has decided to launch state wide kisan andolan from Katni, which presents the classic case of governmental apathy and callousness,\" said Narmada Prasad Prajapati, chief whip of the party in the state assembly.Prajapati said, \"Senior leaders, including Union ministers Kamal Nath , Jyotiraditya Scindia, AICC-I general secretary Digvijay Singh , former minister and state party president Suresh Pachauri, leader of the opposition in assembly, Ajay Singh, MPCC president Kantilal Bhuria , are expected to reach Katni on December 2, apart from party MPs and MLAs.\"The decision to fire the opening salvo from Katni was taken at the meeting of the coordination committee where unanimously condemned the forced acquisition of prime agricultural land in Dokaria and Bujbuja to oblige Welspun company, he said. The members expressed concern at the suicide of Sunia Bai, administrative indifference to farmers who are forced to sit on pyres for a year nearly and also at the \"anti-farmer stance taken by Shivraj Singh government\".\"How can the Katni farmers be offered a lesser sum when the state chief minister announced on the floor of the House that compensation amount for each acre will be Rs 5 lakh. The party will highlight this fact in Katni,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17380851", "title": "RSS chief to address volunteers on January 6", "text": "INDORE: More than 70,000 RSS volunteers are expected to take part at a gathering to be addressed by the RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat on January 6 at super corridor here.Addressing media persons here on Monday, Prant Sanghachalak (Malwa region) Ashok Sohani said the event aims to infuse self confidence among volunteers. \"The magnitude of the event, which is going to be addressed by the Sarsanghachalak Mohan Bhagwat, aims to inculcate confidence among people,\" said Sohani adding that the programme would start at 2 pm on January 6. The volunteers would report at the venue by around 12.30 pm. \"The function would get over by 4.30 pm soon after the address of RSS chief.\"The RSS volunteers would have to register themselves, while no registration is required for common people.On whether chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has been invited for the programme, Sohani said there is no formal invitation.Replying to a query on Bangladeshi infiltrators, the Prant Sanghachalak said the state has registered an increase in the number of Bangladeshi infiltrators recently. However, he said there is no specific data related to infiltration, but said the number of infiltrators have gone up in Indore too.Referring to the increase in number of shakhas, Sohani said the state has registered increase in the number of shakhas for its volunteers across 26 districts. \"In Indore division alone, 250 shakhas are held daily,\" informed the Prant Sanghachalak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "17380634", "title": "Woman's 'divine powers' draw panchayat's ire", "text": "PANIPAT: A walk on burning coal to show her \"divine powers\" proved costly to a woman in Naultha village as it drew ire of the panchayat which imposed a fine of Rs 500 on her besides cautioning her not to repeat the stunt. The woman, a native of the village, has been living in Gohana town of Sonipat district.She reportedly came to the village on November 22 and announced that she had attained divine powers and declared herself as incarnation of the deity Shitala Mata. The villagers said her family burnt some coal and she walked up to 10 metres on the embers.Village sarpanch Ishwar Jaglan said they came to know that the woman and her family were trying to fleece villagers by spreading superstition by projecting her as deity. \"We came to know that she had also performed such stunts in some other villages of Haryana and Punjab as well. The panchayat on Sunday evening called a meeting of gram sabha that decided to take action against her,\" said Jaglan.Jaglan said the panchayat also summoned the woman and her family, but on getting information about the panchayat's stand, they seemed to have fled from the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17381505", "title": "Project report ready, Cutbona locals hopeful of progress", "text": "MARGAO: Cutbona Owners Union (COU) are hopeful that with the detailed project report (DPR) for expansion of the Cutbona fishing Jetty ready, improvement of the existing infrastructure at the jetty will take place soon.TOI on Monday had reported that DPRs for four fishing jetties in Goa are ready, only CRZ, environment and village panchayat clearances are awaited.The Cutbona jetty has faced oppositions from the public to additional land acquisition. COU president Patrick D'Silva said he hoped the pancahayats would give the necessary clearances and pointed out how the panchayats recently gave the captain of ports (COP) the requisite NOC to carry out dredging of River Sal. \"Our business is suffering and there is an urgent requirement to improve facilities at Cutbona jetty,\" said D'Silva.The expansion project is designed to accommodate a fleet of 350 mechanized fishing vessels. It includes the construction of a 226m-long jetty to accommodate one landing quay, one outfitting quay and one repair quay, a 40m concrete slipway and navigational aids. The landside facilities include fish handling and auction hall, fish loading area, fishermen's gear shed, net mending shed, ice plant and chilled storage, etc. The Cutbona project is estimated to cost 38.41 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17382074", "title": "State followed MNREGA norms, SC told last year", "text": "PATNA: Even as a Delhi-based NGO, Centre for Environment and Food Security (CEFS), in a report released on Saturday alleged embezzlement of about Rs 6,000 crore in the rural jobs scheme, Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA), in Bihar between 2006-07 and 2011-12, the state government had, in affidavits filed in the Supreme Court (SC) last year, said that it had strictly followed the MNREGA guidelines issued in 2008.The affidavits had been filed following the SC directives to all the state governments to state on oath, within six weeks from May 12, 2011, whether they had accepted and duly implemented the operational guidelines issued by the Government of India. The directive had been issued on a writ petition filed by CEFS regarding Rs 500-crore MNREGA scam in Odisha way back in 2007.\"Keeping in view the fact that there has been persistent default on the part of a number of states in fully implementing the provisions of the Act, we hereby direct all the state governments to file affidavits stating whether they have accepted and are duly implementing the operational guidelines issued by the Government of India, within six weeks from today,\" SC judgment delivered on May 12, 2011 by a bench of S H Kapadia and others said.\"In the event, these guidelines have not been accepted or are not being implemented, the affidavit shall specifically state reasons for such non-acceptance and/or non-implementation of the afore-stated directions/guidelines\", it said.Talking to TOI over phone from New Delhi, CEFS director Parshuram Rai said: \"As per SC guidelines, DDCs of all the districts of Bihar submitted separate districtwise affidavit to the SC in which they said that the operational guidelines were maintained.\" TOI has copies of two similar affidavits of Buxar and Vaishali districts.CEFS' findings were based on a performance audit done over nine to 10 months covering 2,500 households of MNREGA in 10 districts of Bihar over six years. \"There has been guarantee of only corruption, unemployment, poverty, distress migration, hunger and humiliation in the name of implementation of MNREGA in Bihar. Irregularities are the only regular feature of the rural job scheme in Bihar,\" Rai told TOI.Bihar government on Sunday ordered the DMs/DDCs of all districts of Bihar to probe the alleged irregularities in MNREGA with special reference to 10 surveyed districts. On Monday, Amrit Lal Meena, principal secretary, rural development department, also wrote a letter to all the DMs and DDCs to probe the matter in the light of CEFS report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17382664", "title": "Email threat to J&K; sent from Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: An email sent from Bangalore to Jammu &amp; Kashmir police threatened to avenge the last week's hanging of convicted 26/11 terrorist Ajmal Kasab.Sources privy to the investigation said the email originated from a cyber centre in Bangalore. It was sent a couple of days after Kasab was executed in Yerawada jail, near Pune, on November 21.Following the threat, a posse of J&K; police arrived in Bangalore along with sleuths from the Intelligence Bureau and the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorist Squad. The teams are trying to zero in on the location where the email originated. They're taking the help of the cyber wing of the Criminal Investigation Department of Karnataka police to track it.Bangalore City police commissioner B G Jyothi Prakash Mirji confirmed the threat and that it was sent from Bangalore. But he denied police teams from J&K; and Maharashtra and IB were here. \"No police team has arrived yet,\" Mirji told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380742", "title": "Autistic kid\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kin move HC against rights panel order", "text": "MUMBAI: Four months after Jamnabai Narsee School in Juhu was dragged to the Maharashtra State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (MSCPCR) for asking the family members of a 7-year-old autistic student to transfer him to some other institute, the boy's parents on Monday filed a writ petition in the Bombay high court seeking redress.Earlier this month, the commission directed the school to provisionally re-admit the child. It also said in its order that the child's behaviour should be observed by an expert panel for 15 days. \"The November 1 order passed by the commission is in favour of the school. What the school has done is against the Right to Education (RTE) Act as well,\" the petition said. School principal Sudeshna Chatterjee refused to comment on the matter.The case with the MSCPCR was filed on July 18. \"The child has been asked to go back to school. However, a period of 15 days of observation to understand the issue better has been recommended,\" said Dr Samir Dalwai, who was on the MSCPCR panel. The order states that if the child is found fit to continue in the same school after observation, he will continue with the help of a shadow teacher (the expenses will be borne by the parents). However, if the committee report claims otherwise, then the parents have been advised to shift the student to a school specially structured for children with behavioural issues.The writ petition said, \"...the order by the commissioner (MSCPCR) dated November 1, 2012, is one-sided, illegal, bad in law, void and not in consonance with the facts of the case and is in contravention of the Right to Education Act, 2009, and the Convention on the Rights of the Child (adopted) by a General Assembly resolution...\" While the parents of the child requested not to be quoted, their lawyer Pradeep Havnur said, \"The case will come up for hearing on December 3.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380147", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s supporters sign up for party", "text": "NEW DELHI: Drums of folk dancers from Karnataka; dandiya sticks of the Gujarati bens; Rajasthani turbans; and sugarcanes from Uttar Pradesh. They chose the props that best represented their state and made their way to Parliament Street. For these supporters, Monday was the day of deliverance after weeks of hard work, protests and exposes. They had all reached the capital to declare support for RTI and anti-corruption crusader Arvind Kejriwal , who took charge of his new political party, 'Aam Aadmi Party'.\"Today is the launch of our party - the mango man's party. It is a freedom of sorts and a chance to show that common man is made of much more than what is generally assumed,\" said Sanjay Malhotra, a supporter dancing to the drumbeats.Celebrations had started early in the day, even before their leaders took to the dais. While Kejriwal and his aides stopped at Raj Ghat and Ambedkar memorial, supporters gathered at Parliament Street. There was a rush to be a founder-member of the party and volunteers claimed there was a shortage of forms within half an hour. According to the party, more than 14,000 people registered with the party on Day One.The supporters came in huge numbers, from different states and donning different colours. In the gathering was a group of 50 farmers from UP. Carrying sugarcanes, these farmers had come to support Kejriwal and voice their grievances against the government. \"We are troubled with the leaders. They are after our lands. We face injustice every day. We want our right and it will be this party that will give it to us,\" said Om Prakash Arya.The disillusionment against the politicians was evident as boos and sloganeering backed Kejriwal's allegations against ministers. People from Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Assam were also part of the gathering.Holding a life-size Assamese hat was Namrata Sharma. \"The party is small now. It has just started. And going by the ethics it plans to function with, it will face a lot of problems. But these will eventually ease out,\" she said. The gathering also had a group of mid-day meal and Asha workers from Haryana, who claimed they weren't receiving their salary regularly.Delhiites were not far behind. They trickled in from all the corners, whether it were the slum-dwellers from Barwada and women from New Friends Colony and Defence Colony or students from Jawaharlal Nehru University.\"It is because of corruption that even high-end colonies look like slums. All ministers are fake and we have no hope from either party, BJP or Congress,\" said Beena from Defence Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17381572", "title": "Arihant to submit fresh proposal to clear Princess remnants", "text": "PANAJI: Arihant Ship Breakers made an oral request to the state government to release 30% of its payment after which it will clear the vessel's remains that lie underwater off Candolim beach, sources said.Sources told TOI that directors from the Mumbai-based company arrived in Goa last week and met government officials concerned. Sources added that Arihant has claimed that \"it has almost gone broke\" due to the River Princess project. \"The company has borrowed money from the market, taken loans, hired different agencies during the work process,\" a source said.A source at Arihant said the request was merely verbal. \"We will come up with a fresh proposal to the government shortly. Our commitment to removing the remains of the ship remains,\" the source said.Asked about the company's financial position, vis-a-vis completing the process of removing the remains of the ship, a company official said, \"We will manage our finances.\"Tourism director Nikhil Desai said the government will stick to the contract's clauses. \"We have a 'No cure, no pay' clause in the contract and we won't be deviating from it,\" he told TOI.TOI learns that there was a disagreement between the Arihant directors on the issue in May. \"Some directors said the company should go ahead and submit the letter that the work was complete, while others said the company should verify that the work was complete and then submit a letter. The decision was taken in favour of the majority,\" sources said.The source at Arihant told TOI that the company had submitted a letter to the state government in May, 2012, stating that the work had been completed, but there was a possibility of some parts of the ship still remaining underwater. \"We told the government to conduct a survey and let us know at the earliest after which we would clear the remains,\" the official said.\"The government did not revert to us. Instead, it conducted a survey without informing us and without our presence. We have been hearing about what is happening through other sources. We need an official report from the government. Once we get it, we will put up a fresh proposal at the next meeting with the government,\" the Arihant source said.Asked about this, a tourism department official said, \"The National Institute of Oceanography (NIO) report was in public domain. We wanted an independent survey done and there was no need to have the party concerned present. It is not the tourism department who has to revert back to Arihant with the official report but the monitoring committee headed by the revenue secretary. It is now up to Arihant to prove the report wrong. We could have understood if there were small pieces of the ship remaining, but not such major portions of the ship.\"The NIO website states that it has conducted a geophysical survey off Candolim beach between October 25 to 31, 2012, to investigate existence of metallic debris, where the River Princess was grounded, at the request of tourism department. The survey comprised of bathymetric, magnetic, sonographic and sub-bottom profiling. This was further backed up by underwater diving operations.\"Integrated interpretation of geophysical data supported by visual observations clearly show the presence of large remnants of a grounded ship at water depths approximately between 3 and 10 metres located off Candolim beach, where River Princess is known to have been grounded. While the penetration of the wreck into seabed could not be ascertained, a large part of the metallic structure is found to be exposed to water, protruding several feet above the seabed,\" the NIO report stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380292", "title": "Ajmal Kasab's execution lifts the burden of guilt on 26/11", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time in four years, November 26 seems to be shedding its negative connotation on the city's party calendar. The execution of Kasab has lifted the burden of guilt that would ordinarily mark any celebration this day.On Monday, a suburban hotel called a pre-Christmas event where celebrities observed symbolic silence before the fun began. In Borivli, a shooting champion celebrated his recent medal wins.Peninsula Hotel in Andheri wore a festive look as a clutch of television actors arrived for a cake-mixing session ahead of Christmas. Around 20 kg of cherries, dried fruit and nuts were passed around. Champagne and rum flowed freely, and not all of it went into the trough carrying the batter. \"We did observe a two-minute silence for the souls of the departed Mumbaikars,\" said director Satish Shetty.The date was decided the day after Kasab was hanged. \"We have reason to celebrate. Everybody is happy that Kasab is finally gone,\" said actor Dolly Bindra.In Borivli, state shooting champion Kaikhusru Merwan Irani hosted an event to mark six medal wins. \"It is not a celebration, just a get-together,\" he said hastily, fearful of being politically incorrect. \"The state championship ended November 23 and I returned from Pune just yesterday. Today was the first logical day to announce the win, I cannot do it one month later.\" Turning the situation to advantage, Irani demonstrated his air pistol saying weapons did not necessarily connote violence.The usual peace rallies drew on from dawn to dusk. At 5.30am, a group of 75 cyclists, including staff members of Fortis Hospital, started from Thane to reach Azad Maidan. \"Leave aside dropping with fatigue, the staff even returned to work afterward,\" Dr S Narayani, facility directorof the hospital said.Students who had gathered for an inter-collegiate festival, Aakarshan, held a vigil at Carter Road, Bandra, with local MLA Baba Siddiqui, ACP Vishwas Nagre Patil and MMK College principal A C Vanjani. \"The youth expressed their faith in the system now that Kasab has been hanged,\" said organiser Rahul Kanal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381852", "title": "Learning goes hi-tech in CBSE", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is furthering is progressive steps to bring technology closer to its day-to-day operations. The central board is seeking software developers to prepare a comprehensive online and offline Learning Management System (LMS). The software will help teachers implement the path-breaking assessment system of Comprehensive and Continuous Evaluation (CCE) with ease.TOI had reported on November 15 last year, about CBSE's plans to introduce such software. Now the board has floated tender seeking bids from IT companies to turn the LMS project into reality. It is expected that the board will be able introduce a pilot version by the next academic year.A document from the central board details the expectations it has from the LMS. Schools will be able to log on to LMS for a specified fee (no charge for government schools) and conduct a variety of operations. The LMS will be used initially for Std IX and X for English, Mathematics, Science, Social Science and Hindi subjects.The LMS will be able to churn out question papers, for the summative assessments (SA), at the click of a button from its massive question bank. The LMS data bank will keep questions ready in every format (fill in the blanks, match the following etc), from every chapter and for every category (high scoring or low scoring questions). This method will eliminate the burden on both the board and schools to prepare question papers for SA. Even students are expected to be given access rights to set \"practice question papers\".The LMS' more challenging innovation comes from its ability to evaluate students in formative assessment (FA). Known as co-scholastic, the FA is a complex system of assessment which helps to evaluate students in a non-conventional way. LMS will use interactive methods to evaluate students in their class and home assignments, assertion-reason type questions, quiz, projects/practicals etc.Also another concept called \"adaptive assessment\" is being looked at, which will scale up the difficultly level of the test according to the student's ability in three modes - easy, average and difficult. The LMS interactive system will first throw up easy questions online and if the student answers more than 80% correctly, then the next level kicks in. If the student answers 80% correctly at the average level then she/he is taken to the difficult level. This system will again help in providing a fair assessment system, but only after a working model is ready will one be able to judge its performance.Grading students will also become easier as the software will automatically enter grades in its data bank after online and some offline tests. The grades can be exported straight to the CBSE's grading system software making it easier for schools. Schools will also be able to provide a feedback on CCE through this system directly making communication with the board easier.CBSE GOES HI-TECHSchools will be able to log on to LMS for a specified feeSoftware will be used initially for Std IX and XWill be able to churn out question papers, for the summative assessmentsWill keep questions ready in every format from every chapter and for every categoryGrading students will also become easier", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17379503", "title": "Most complaints of cheating by auto drivers come at night", "text": "MUMBAI: The assault on starlet Neelam Singh by an auto driver and his aide has brought to light a practice that is common in the suburbs. Commuters have always complained that auto drivers who work during the night fleece them on long-distance routes. These drivers misbehave with commuters, do not wear uniforms or badges and drive with tampered meters.\"There are nearly 40,000 auto drivers in the city who do not have permits,\" said Shashank Rao of Mumbai Auto Rickshawmen's Union. \"Most of them work at night. Our union has repeatedly complained about them to the traffic police and the RTO, but no action has been taken against these rogue drivers.\"Some of the drivers are known to charge twice and even thrice the normal fare-courtesy rigged meters-and significant numbers have formed into cartels at Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT) and Bandra Terminus.It is easy to dodge the police and the RTO in the night. If there is hardly any surveillance by law enforcers, RTO officials are too ill-equipped to check records of drivers whose permits have been cancelled.\"If the RTO and the traffic police are serious, they can prosecute at least 12,000 rogue drivers who ply at night,\" Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "17382176", "title": "Disgruntled minister may lose more power", "text": "BURDWAN: Rabindranath Bhattacharya has spoken against the chief minister after being transferred twice in the last one and a half years. However, his cabinet colleague Rabiranjan Chattopadhyay - who has lost the technical education portfolio in the latest reshuffle - has maintained a stoic silence on the issue. Political analysts feel Chattopadhyay can not afford to go into direct confrontation with the party chief as that might cost him the Burdwan Development Authority (BDA) chairperson post.Also, with two more ministers from the district -agriculture minister Moloy Ghatak and textile, small-scale, cottage and land minister Swapan Debnath - Chattopadhyay may lose his cabinet berth as well if things do not improve between him and the CM. Chattopadhyay was given a cabinet berth after he had defeated CPM heavy-weight Nirupam Sen in the last assembly polls.Chattopadhyay, a retired professor of Burdwan University, had courted trouble after he told reporters in New Delhi that land hurdles will hit Mamata Banerjee's dream of having an ITI in each block. In that interview, he had reportedly said an ITI in an urban area required 3 acre and nearly half of it in a rural area. Setting up 270 ITIs, therefore, would be a tough ask, he had said.These comments hadn't gone down well with the chief minister and she took to task the minister in a Town Hall meeting, hours after the swearing-in ceremony last Wednesday. According to sources, Mamata reportedly asked Chattopadhyay why there were so many red marks in the three-page report the latter had submitted on the performance of his ministry.The CM had also questioned the 'pending' status of some projects and reportedly criticized his performance. With a reference to his interview, she had asked whether the minister had consulted the land and land reforms secretary on the availability of land. She had quipped that if the minister hadn't asked the officials concerned, how did he became sure of land unavailability.This appears to give credence to a belief in many quarters that the first-time MLA had reportedly overstepped his brief. The soft-spoken Rabiranjan, however, retains his science technology and biotechnology portfolio. A visible low from the euphoria after the 2011 assembly elections.Sources said Chattopadhyay had failed to control the growing internal party feud in Burdwan. Already, two names - Jamalpur MLA Ujjwal Pramanik and Bhatar MLA Bonomali Hazra - have started doing the rounds as possible replacement of Chattopadhyay for the post of BDA chairperson. The minister refused to speak to TOI on the matter.Shyamal Mondal also chose to remain incommunicado since the Wednesday reshuffle.Mondal said, \"I will not speak on any matter.\" Refusing to step out of his Kalikapur home he only has been meeting select party workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17382028", "title": "Junior 'absentees' assault inspector at wireless office", "text": "BOKARO: An inspector in the police wireless department sustained multiple injuries after he was assaulted by junior officers on Monday for marking them absent in the register. Ram Singar Ram, in-charge of Bokaro, Giridih and Dhanbad, found sub-inspector Mohammad Nihal Akhtar and assistant sub-inspector Madan Prasad Sinha absent at work during his visit to the Wireless Office on Bokaro SP's office campus. He registered them as absent. After some time, the duo arrived and finding absent marks against their names, started abusing Ram.When the inspector did not reply, the junior officers lost their temper. Akhtar suddenly grabbed Ram while Sinha took up a fused tubelight lying in the office and hit him on the head. Sinha also beat him up with a stick. \"When I visited the Wireless Office, at 2 pm,I found that Sinha and Akhtar were not present in their cabins and marked them absent. Later, I was talking to other staff when both arrived and started humiliating me. When I did not reply, Sinha suddenly went berserk and hit me with a fused tubelight and beat me with a stick while Akhtar held me tight. However, I managed to escape from the office and raised an alarm when two homeguards saved me,\" said Ram.The inspector was taken to the government hospital in Chas. Ram lodged an FIR against Akhtar and Sinha with the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe Police Station and informed higher authorities in the department. Ram, who belongs to Schedule Caste Community, alleged that the junior officers hurt the community's sentiments by calling him names in public. Sinha and Akhtar were not available for comments. Ram is in charge of police wireless at 117 stations and outposts and about 47 staff work under him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17383286", "title": "Ashok Gehlot takes on union minister CP Joshi over NH8 project delay", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur-Delhi National Highway seems to have drawn the wedge between two Congress stalwarts from Rajasthan deeper. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot has written a strongly worded letter to his party colleague and Union minister for road transport and highways, CP Joshi , to expedite the ongoing widening of NH-8.The two leaders are often seen sharing a dais during state functions but it's no secret that the two have no love lost for each other. Gehlot chose to apprise Joshi about his \"disappointment\" with the unwarranted delay in completion of the project. The deadline for the project has been extended four times since 2009. Insiders claim that the delay is a fallout of the one-upmanship between the two leaders from Rajasthan.According to sources, in the first week of November, Gehlot wrote to the minister about the slow progress at NH-8. The move came after several rounds of failed discussions between state government officials and National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to expedite the work. In the letter, the CM raised his concern over the slow pace and asked the Union minister to take action against the contractors responsible.Officials from Public Works Department confirmed the development. \"We are making efforts to get the work done as soon as possible. CM too has written a letter to the ministry to push the case. Teams of engineers from state government surveyed the road and we have identified 56 concrete structures which are causing the delay,\" said J C Mohanty, principal secretary, PWD.Unfortunately, the reasons for the delay seem to be more political than anything else. With Rajasthan going for assembly polls next year, both Joshi and Gehlot are pushing the developmental work envisaged by them in their strongholds.The state has been the biggest beneficiary since Joshi took charge of the highway ministry. Be it announcement for new National Highway stretches, repair of highways/roads, the Union minister appears to be favouring his home state and his own constituency has got max favours.Over the past one year 1,641km in Rajasthan has been declared as NH and some of these stretches pass through Joshi's political strongholds like Bhilwara, Udaipur and Banswara . Recently in October he also launched a Rs. 914 cr road-widening project in Rajsamand district falling in his influence of Mewar region.CM, on the other hand, wants to finish off all mega projects including widening of Jaipur-Delhi highway before the polls to earn brownie points. The area falling on NH-8 has more Gehlot supporters. \"Through this letter the chief minister is trying to portray Joshi as biased and sanctioning projects for his own benefits,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17381499", "title": "Turkish directors blown away by B-town", "text": "PANAJI: Turkish film directors could draw some inspiration from Indian films, felt Turkish director Huseyin Karabey.Speaking on the sidelines of the 43rd International Film Festival of India (Iffi) 2012 in Goa, Karabey observed that India and Turkey had a lot of similarities, particularly in their way of expression. \"Our way of expression is so similar...we have so much similarity. Political interests are similar too. Turkey is a more Eastern than Western country.Karabey's film 'Do Not Forget Me Istanbul' is part of 'Turkish Currents'- a section on Turkish films which are the Country Focus category films at Iffi 2012.Speaking about Bollywood, he said he was impressed with the films produced by the industry and said \"somehow Bollywood knows all the formulas (for films)\". He said he would start watching more Bollywood films when he goes back to Turkey.Describing his film, Karabey said, \"It is a film about Istanbul which depicts its past and present. Seven different directors tell their stories through the film, which has been to many festivals,\" he added.He said the film took six months to complete. Describing Turkish cinema, Karabey said, \"In the last three-four years, around 100 films have been produced in Turkey annually, whereas 10 years ago only 15-20 would be produced.\" He said independent directors have got a chance to make films as the cultural ministry has started funding various film projects.M Tayfur Aydin, director of 'Trace' which is also part of the Turkish package at Iffi said, \"I am impressed by the elaborate song and dance routine of Bollywood which brings life to the movies , unlike Turkish cinema which is more about expressions through words.\" Aysun Gizem Soysaldi, an actress in the film 'Do Not Forget Me Istanbul', expressed her willingness to work in Bollywood. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "actor-director prabhu deva, who is often likened to michael jackson for his dance moves, is all set to pay tribute to the late king of pop in a song in the upcoming film 'abcd - any body can dance'. the first poster for prabhu deva's 3d dance flick, 'abcd", "code": "17384304", "title": "Prabhu Deva's ABCD's first look out", "text": "Actor-director Prabhu Deva, who is often likened to Michael Jackson for his dance moves, is all set to pay tribute to the late King of Pop in a song in the upcoming film 'ABCD - Any Body Can Dance'. The first poster for Prabhu Deva's 3D dance flick, 'ABCD: Anybody Can Dance' directed by Remo D'Souza and produced by Ronnie Screwvala and Siddharth Roy Kapur is out.Prabhu will also be seen grooving with dancing diva Madhuri Dixit on a song in the film. The film is about a dancer from Chennai who beats the odds to make it big. ABCD , will also have choreographer Ganesh Acharya in the cast. Lauren Gottlieb, winner of the popular international television talent show So You Think You Can Dance, has been roped in as the female lead.Prabhu Deva has dubbed for this film himself and will also be paying tribute to Michael Jackson, who is an inspiration to him, in a special routine. ABCD is scheduled for a release in February 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381939", "title": "Truth is out: Spanco holds only 2% share in power franchisee", "text": "NAGPUR: In spite of all possible efforts made by Essel Utilities, Spanco and Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL), the shareholding pattern in the city power franchisee SNDL has come to light. Spanco has virtually exited from the franchisee business as it's holding just 2% stake while Essel has 95% shares. The remaining 3% is held by Bessemer Venture Partners (BVP), a US-based equity that had invested Rs80 crore in SNDL.The board of SNDL has three members belonging to Essel - Rajeev Dholakia and Ashok Agrawal (directors) and Rajesh Bhasin (additional director) - while Spanco's Kamal Maheshwari (director) and BVP's Vishal Malhotra (additional director) are the other members.When Spanco had tied up with Essel, an impression was created that it would be a 20:80 partnership. Top Spanco officials had also claimed that the two companies would work jointly in Gwalior, Sagar and Ujjain where Essel has bagged franchisee contract.Spanco's negligible stake has assumed importance as Essel is asking SNDL vendors to get their dues totalling over Rs10 crore from Spanco. A vendor on the condition of anonymity told TOI, \"This is ridiculous. How can a company having 95% stake in the business ask us to get our dues cleared from the one which has practically exited from the franchisee. The vendors who had approached Spanco were told to offer 30% discount if they wanted payment and those who did were then asked to increase the discount to 50%,\" he rued.Another vendor charged that Spanco did not have any intention of paying its bills and hence was demanding impossibly high discounts. \"No businessman can offer 50% discount. For last three weeks, Spanco officials have stopped taking our calls. A few vendors had gone to the Mumbai but did not get an appointment on flimsy grounds.\"Patience is running thin among the vendors. On November 12, eight vendors handling the operation and maintenance of SNDL's power network had locked up the company's office to protest non-payment of bills. The situation had become so serious that commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay himself rushed to the spot. Essel officials realizing that these vendors would not take it lying down any longer cleared a large percentage of their dues the very next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17381977", "title": "Eight Haj pilgrims from Bihar missing", "text": "GAYA: With the last Haj flight touching down at the Gaya International Airport shortly before noon on Monday, eight Haj pilgrims from the state were found missing. According to Haj Committee sources, altogether 6,189 pilgrims from the state went to Mecca for the performance of Haj rituals, a mandatory exercise for practicing Muslims having the capacity to face the physical rigours and meet financial requirements of the rituals. The Haj flights directly took off from the Gaya International Airport.After the final head count of the pilgrims, there was a gap of 16 between those who took off and those who landed back. Of these sixteen, eight pilgrims reportedly died during the pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia, while the whereabouts of the remaining eight are not known to the officials.Principal home secretary Aamir Subhani told TOI that the Haj Committee officials were in a better position to tell something on the issue. \"I will also look into the matter, said Subhani. State Haj Committee chairman Anisur Rahman Qasmi said some pilgrims may not have come back on account of illness or some other reasons. The Central Haj Committee may be in the know of things, said Qasmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17382005", "title": "Merit lone criterion for CM's post: Munda", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Giving a new twist to the ongoing debate on the demand for a non-tribal chief minister in the state, the incumbent CM, Arjun Munda has said merit should be the lone criterion for electing the chief minister of the state.\"Regardless of whether the candidate is tribal or non-tribal, s/he should have the ability and merit to do justice to the chair,\" said Munda. He added chief minister's post is a constitutional chair and it should be kept above the petty caste and community line for the greater good of the state.\"Anybody can become the chief minister if the respective party so desires. But the potential candidate should posses the merit deserved by the chair,\" said Munda. He also said in BJP it is the party that decides the candidate for the chief minister's chair.Munda's remark has come in the backdrop of senior BJP leader and former deputy chief minister Raghuvar Das's demand for a non-tribal chief minister in Jharkhand.\"In the last 12 years, we have seen eight tribal chief ministers but the development of the state under the respective chief ministers witnessed poor progress. It's high time a non-tribal candidate is made the chief minister,\" said Das at a press conference here on November 15.Talking to reporters at the Sonari aerodrome, on his maiden visit to the city on an aircraft after the chopper crash in Ranchi on May 9, Munda said development should be the agenda of elections. \"On the basis of their remarkable development work, the Narendra Modi government in Gujarat will return to power for the fourth time in succession,\" said Munda. He declined to comment on Rajya Sabha MP and renowned lawyer Ram Jethmalani's expulsion from the party on disciplinary grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17382071", "title": "Women protest liquor sale", "text": "PATNA: Demanding the withdrawal of state's liquor policy and raising slogans of 'Madiralaya nahi pustakalya chahiye' (we need libraries, not liquor shops) and 'Sharab nahi kitab chahiya' (we need books, not liquor), a group of women hit the streets under the banner of Bihar Women's Network (BWN) and Patna chapter of National Alliance of Women's Organization here on Monday. They marched from the JP's statue near Gandhi Maidan to R-Block and submitted a memorandum to an official of CM secretariat.\"The government has given 50% reservation to women in panchayat and municipal bodies for their empowerment but they are being subjected to violence due to increasing trend of alcoholism in society,\" said BWN state coordinator Archana Kumari.Their main demands included removal of liquor shops from near the public places and the schools, colleges and religious places, government should discourage liquor sale, no liquor shop be opened in panchayats, local gram panchayat and police be made responsible for illicit liquor sale in villages and opening of de-addiction centres in each district. \"Liquor consumption is the main reason behind the disintegration of families,\" said Kumari, adding that in a survey it has come to light that males were spending over 25% of their earnings on liquors.The protest was held on the government's declared alcohol prohibition day. The day was marked by a cycle rally to create public awareness against liquor. It was led by deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi from Rajendra Chowk to Miller School. Modi said merely enactment of law is not sufficient to check this evil but a sustained social movement is also needed. The cycle rally was organized by the excise and prohibition department. Modi said women can play a crucial role in prevailing upon men in discarding drinking.\"The total prohibition has not been very successful in the country. Our government has formulated two types of policies, one to check the production and sale of liquor and another to control the consumption,\" said Modi, giving a hint to increase the tax on alcohol.Excise and prohibition secretary, Sandeep Paundrik, said in order to check and control the sale of liquor and production and sale of illicit liquor, the department has sought the services of 200 jawans of Special Auxiliary Police.A painting competition was also held in which 90 people participated. Three of the 25 paintings were adjudged the best. CM Nitish Kumar awarded the three painters, Niraj Kumar Sharma, Nitish Prince and Rizwana Khan with cash and citation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17381515", "title": "Students observe 26/11 anniversary", "text": "MANGALORE: Students of St Mary's High School observed the fourth anniversary of 26/11 attack in a unique manner by recollecting incidents that took place four years ago. They interacted with a 1971 war veteran during the '26/11: Remembering the Heroes' session organized by the Centre for Integrated Learning ( CIL ) in association with Lions Club, Mangalore.While audio-visual clippings on stories of NSG commandos like Major Sandeep Unnikrishnan who laid their life during the attack left the students spellbound, they were simply mesmerized as 1971 war veteran Retired Brigadier IN Rai shared his experience of the Indo-Pak war, the IPKF operations in Sri Lanka and his stint of encounters with the Naga insurgents.The session commence with lighting of lamp by students in front of a specially designed portrait comprising of five heroes of 26/11 (Major Sandeep Unnikrishnan, Hemanth Karkare, Vijay Salaskar , Ashok Amte and Thukaram Ombale). An audio-visual interactive presentation on tragic tales of the attack and valour of the Indian soldiers inspired the students.The video clippings of firsthand account of the tragedy, the pride of sacrificing a son to the country, by father of Sandeep, tale of an NSG Officer blinded in the attack and the actual story of how Kasab was nabbed alive, created a sensation among the audience. Lions Club Mangalore President Arvind Rao Kedige and school principal Maria Thara was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17383805", "title": "GIF bags Baadshah overseas rights", "text": "Great India Films has acquired the theatrical rights for overseas of NTR-Sreenu Vytla's action entertainer Baadshah. The film is being produced by Bandla Ganesh Babu under Parameswara Arts and the film is scheduled for release on March 28, 2013 as summer special. Kajal Aggarwal is playing the female lead in this film and SS Thaman is scoring the music.The makers have already released the first look of NTR in the movie. And a month ago, they have also unleashed the first teaser on account of director Sreenu Vaitla's birthday. The trailer shows NTR's stylish look, stunning fights and gun fires and has further raised the expectations on the film. Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan are providing the script.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17381144", "title": "Satellite woman stabbed 42 times in bungalow, dies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 50-year-old woman was stabbed to death in Dhananjay Bungalows near Shyamal crossroads on Monday afternoon. Police suspect a domestic servant couple to be behind the gory murder and robbery.The victim, Madhu Agarwal, 50, was stabbed repeatedly by her assailants who also robbed some of her jewellery and valuables from the room. Police have named a maid and her husband as suspects in the case.\"We suspect the involvement of more than one person in the incident, as we can't believe that a woman can inflict 42 stabs with such a brutal force. Primarily, we believe that it was a case of robbery that went awry as Madhuben's gold bangles and rings are missing. We are yet to know the exact amount stolen,\" said P C Joshi, assistant commissioner of police, A Division.Madhu's husband Rajeev Agarwal, 55, owns a trading firm in New Cloth Market. The couple has a 25-year-old son, Samarth. On the fateful day, Samarth and Rajeev left for their offices at 11.30 am and 12.30 pm respectively, while Madhu remained at home.When Samarth returned home at 4.30 pm, he rang the doorbell repeatedly but to no avail. He then used the other door of the residence and entered the house.The TV sets in the drawing room and his parents' bedroom were on. When he entered the bedroom, he saw Madhu in a pool of blood on the floor. He called up 108 EMRI ambulance and rushed Madhu to a hospital in Satellite , where she died soon after admission.When cops questioned the family members, Manila , a 21-year-old girl from Jharkhand , was found missing from the house.\"The family doesn't know her last name or her exact address. They, however, mentioned that she was working with the family as a maid for the last one-and-a-half years and used to stay in the outhouse in the bungalow campus. She had told the family that she was getting married with a youth named Sushil in December and had sought leave from December 2,\" said an Anandnagar police official.Neeraj Badgujar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, said that the second suspect in the case is a youth who worked as a cook for the family for a while earlier this year.\"We have formed three teams to track down the suspects and have roped in forensic experts and a dog squad to get leads in the case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380866", "title": "Rajasthan, UP to be awarded bulk of highway projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh will get the lion's share of highway projects, which will be developed with 100% government funding. Out of the 3,733 km highways likely to be awarded this year under this model that ensures faster construction, close to half of the stretches will fall in Rajasthan and UP.According to the reply submitted by highways ministry to a written question in Lok Sabha , the government has identified 32 stretches to be bid out on engineering procurement and construction (EPC) mode during this fiscal. Highway minister C P Joshi's home state will get the maximum share of 10 projects totaling 1,010 km. Similarly, UP will get six projects covering 765 km.These projects can largely be undertaken without acquiring fresh land and since the contractors have no risk, government is hopeful of finding takers for all the projects. The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has already started short listing bidders for the exercise. The ministry said that the contractors would make a maximum of 10% profit from these projects.In addition, if the contractors fail to achieve the target within the specified period, they are liable to pay damages. The government is largely banking on these contracts to meet its ambitious target of 9,500 km since bidders are showing little or no interest in the build, operate and transfer (BOT) mode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17382208", "title": "Chinese collector's homage to bonsai", "text": "VADODARA: \"Wo ai Penjing\" that's Chinese for \"I love bonsai\", which Chinese industrialist Xin Changbao is expressing quite expansively by constructing probably Asia's biggest private garden on bonsai in Jintan city of Changzhou. Further, he is also sponsoring the World Bonsai Convention (WBC), which takes place once in four years, at this park in September next year.Baosheng Park has four styles of parks and five museums, namely Chinese Park, Japanese Park, Northern America Park and European Park. Besides bonsais, it has rocks, root carvings, paintings, antique museums et al with plans of a Disneyland kind of entertainment park alongside.For a man, who is spending close to 200 million Yuan (approx Rs 185 crore) on developing the garden, it comes as a surprise to know that he is not a grower, but only a collector of bonsai trees. He has over 3,000 bonsai trees in his collection.Talking through an interpreter on the closing day of the National Bonsai Convention and Exhibition, Changbao, who owns 11 companies, mostly in automobiles, air conditioners and pharmaceuticals - one of his pharma companies supplies to India - said his main motivation for celebrating bonsai all over the world comes from the sentiment that as Chinese they are obliged to carry forward the glorious treasure of this art of miniaturizing trees, which originated in China. His companies have been declared as \"Top 100 China's growth enterprises\" for two consecutive years.For Changbao, the most interesting thing about Indian bonsai tradition is that as opposed to the world trend, women enthusiasts far outnumber males in India in pursuing this passion.\"In China, there are probably only two women who can cut and prune bonsais, and one of them is here,\" he says pointing at Chen Wenjuan, a former employee of his automobile company, who is accompanying Changbao on India trip, and who now grows bonsais for him.Popular conventionThe National Bonsai Convention concluded on Monday after having attracted nearly 50,000 visitors to the exhibition over the last four days. Twelve delegates from abroad and 335 from within the country attended the convention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380760", "title": "Flyer arrested with Rs 75L party drug hidden in doormats, false bag bottom", "text": "MUMBAI: A Chennai-based man was arrested at Mumbai airport on Sunday night for attempting to smuggle out five kg of a party drug, methaqualone, to Malaysia. The drugs, which were concealed in doormats and a false bottom in the suitcase, are worth Rs 75 lakh in the Indian market.This is the third such case in a week and the air intelligence unit (AIU) is now looking more closely at the India-Malaysia route.The flyer, identified as Sundaran Nityanandan, was checking-in at the Malaysian airways counter when he was intercepted by an AIU batch led by assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede. Officials opened Nityanandan's suitcase and found three kg of the drug in three doormats and another two kg in the false bottom in his suitcase.AIU officials said Nityanandan is a labourer and this was his first assignment as a drug carrier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17383904", "title": "Shia LaBeouf breaks up with girlfriend", "text": "Shia LaBeouf has split with Karolyn Pho, his girlfriend of nearly two years, it has been revealed.According to a source, the 'Transformers' star broke up with his stylist love \"a while ago.\"Now, he seems focused on moving forward-LaBeouf, 26, was spotted cozying up to a mystery blonde at LA's Magic Castle Saturday night, Us magazine reported.LaBeouf first met Pho in early 2011 during a trip to a karaoke club in LA's trendy Echo Park neighborhood.Prior to meeting Pho, LaBeouf dated Carey Mulligan for about a year (the couple split in October 2010).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "17384211", "title": "CSA lauds Proteas for fightback in Australia", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Cricket South Africa lauded the national squad on what it called \"a magnificent rearguard action and, in particular, Faf du Plessis for his phenomenal performance on debut\" to earn a draw in the second Test against Australia in Adelaide.Du Plessis became the first South African to score a century and a half-century on his debut. His aggregate of 188 was the second best for the Proteas after Jacques Rudolph who made 222 from one innings against Bangladesh in 2003.\"Faf played with great skill, determination and pride, and the hallmark was the calmness he displayed, particularly in guiding the tail-enders through an extremely difficult last hour,\" commented CSA Acting CEO Jacques Faul.\"These are all the characteristics that have made our Test side such a world-class unit over the past few years and demonstrated just how hard they are to beat.\"Faf's performance in this match was world-class by any standards but to do it on debut in an away Test against Australia was absolutely phenomenal. There is a great skill involved in playing match-winning innings but playing match-saving innings can often be even more difficult,\" he added.Du Plessis' innings lasted 16 minutes short of eight hours and enabled the Proteas to bat out the last day. The match also produced yet another statistical landmark for Jacques Kallis who has now scored 50 or more runs in a Test innings on 100 occasions.\"Faf was by no means a one-man band in saving this match and we congratulate everybody for the way they knuckled down to complete a job well done.\"This has been an engrossing series of Test cricket to date which underlines the greatness of the five-day format, and all South Africans will be looking forward to another keen encounter at Perth from Friday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17381815", "title": "Tuki, Union water minister discuss floods", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki on Saturday met Union water resources minister Harish Rawat in New Delhi to discuss flood and irrigation issues, official sources informed here on Sunday. He was accompanied by State water resource department minister Newlai Tingkhatra.The leaders discussed extensively regarding financial assistance from the Centre for Integrated Flood and River Erosion Management (IFREM) for Arunachal Pradesh.The Union minister assured full support for early sanction of the projects to mitigate flood-related issues and irrigation packages for the state. High level officials of the Union water resources ministry and representatives of the Central Water Commission were also present at the meeting, sources added.Tuki also met Union Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and discussed various issues, focused particularly on matters related to development and security of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17381669", "title": "Chenda beats into thavil-nadaswaram market in Tamil Nadu", "text": "With the mushrooming of 'chenda melam' groups from neighbouring Kerala, the nadaswaram and thavil players in Thanjavur are getting a raw deal these days. Many temples where nadaswaram and thavil used to be played regularly, have now started hiring these chenda melam groups for functions and rituals. At many functions including weddings, thavil is overtaken by chenda. Even though culture enthusiasts don't make a comparison between traditional musical instruments, what worries them is the attitude shown towards the traditional folk instruments of Tamil Nadu .\"The chenda melam groups from Kerala are settled in many big towns in southern Tamil Nadu. There are many such groups doing aggressive business in Thanjavur. Many thavil and nadaswaram players are jobless due to this. If things go like this, our traditional music instruments like thavil and nadaswaram will soon become museum pieces,\" says Sada Sivakumar, a social and cultural activist in Thanjavur.Senior nadaswaram artist Kalaimamani Pattukottai Veerasamy says he is disappointed with the trend. \"I am not against any musical instruments. I hate the attitude of the people towards our traditional musical instruments. We should never forget our thavil and nadaswaram. It's our tradition,\" he said.Being a barrel-shaped percussion instrument, thavil was used widely in folk and carnatic music, accompanied by nadaswaram. Both thavil and nadaswaram were essential during marriages. \"We have great thavil and nadaswaram players in Thanjavur. But they are not able to find a stage or function these days. The main reason is that they don't have groups. So chanda melam groups from other places make use of this,\" says Sada Sivakumar, adding that there are at least 20 such groups in Thanjavur.Even though people don't take this as a serious issue, many elders believe that soon the chenda melam groups would dominate the thavil-nadaswaram players. \"I don't think these groups have dominated our traditional thavil-nagaswaram players. Our artists are still active. But what worries me is the popularity of the chenda melam groups. They are now seen at every function and rituals,\" said S Arumugham, a retired history professor in Pattukottai.The ready-made style of functioning, according to him, is the main reason why chenda melam groups are being invited to more and more functions. \"They are easily accessible unlike our artists. They work on a fast and ready-made style. Today, people want such 'fast' artists only. It's our problem. We should not forget our traditional art,\" said Arumugham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17383749", "title": "Nikki Reed was angry at father during childhood", "text": "Actress Nikki Reed says she was not emotionally close with father Seth Reed when she was young because he divorced her mother Cheryl Houston.The actress, who is known for her role as Rosalie Cullen in \"Twilight\" franchise, failed to understand the reason behind her parents' split.\"We weren't close growing up and I guess it was both of our faults. He was waiting for me to come around and I was bitter about him divorcing mom,\" Zooey magazine quoted Reed as saying.\"As a kid, you don't have the mental capacity to understand why adults make the decisions they make and sometimes you hang on to that,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17382200", "title": "19 newborns die in Malda in 5 days", "text": "MALDA: With 19 baby deaths at Malda Medical College and Hospital in less than a week, crib deaths are back to haunt the state. Sources claimed that six newborns died in the hospital in the last 24 hours.An official of the hospital said that six newborns died between Saturday and Sunday. Since Sunday night, three more babies died. Most of them were a month-old. between 0-1 months old. The source also said that while seven babies died on Thursday, three died on Friday.The hospital authorities didn't reveal the details of the victims.Dr Asit Biswas, spokesperson of the state health department, said: \"We have got information and the department concerned is looking into it.\" Meanwhile, the chief medical officer of health (CMOH), Dr Bidhan Mishra, said that a meeting would soon be held with the hospital authorities. assured of holding meeting with the Medical College authority regarding this increasing crib death.Last winter, too, the hospital witnessed a series of crib deaths. It may be recalled that during the winter last year this hospital had seen the hundreds of new-born dying in series. As many as 500 babies died between November, 2011 and February, this year. Buckled under pressure, the state introduced Sick Neonatal Care Unit in this hospital. But with the resumption of death with winter has naturally raised the questions on the precautions taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381858", "title": "HC stresses on playground for Urdu school", "text": "NAGPUR: Expressing serious concern over the way the only Urdu school in Pulgaon is being run, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court pulled up the municipal council while imposing a cost of Rs 5,000 on it. A division bench comprising justices Vasanti Naik and Arun Chaudhari also asked the Wardha collector to handover the adjacent plot to the Pulgaon-based Dr Zakir Hussein Urdu High School and Junior College.\"The only Urdu school in Pulgaon, with about 500 students, is being run in worst condition. This is oldest Urdu medium school in this town but has no proper accommodation or playground to cater to the needs of the students from nearby villages,\" the judges remarked while dismissing Letters Patent Appeal (LPA) by Pulgaon Municipal Council.\"We find that the cause of the school in claiming the piece of land is genuine and the council has been unnecessarily obstructing the way of the school in constructing a school building and to have a playground when the council is already having a big chunk of land,\" the judges added.Council president Bhagwnsingh Thakur moved to the high court over allotment of land of 2,250 sq ft to the school by the government on August 4, 2004, which was reserved for public/semipublic purpose in the development plan. Whereas the corporation planned a stadium on this land, the government allotted it to the school. Peeved over this decision, the council raised their objections in front of the commissioner, but these were rejected. Reluctant to give up, the municipal council dragged Zakir Hussain Educational Society running the school to the court.The petitioners argued that the larger public interest lied in the stadium's construction and opposed this allotment for a school. They also demanded public auction of the land, as it's a public utility. The court rejected the appellant's contentions and held that Maharashtra land revenue (disposal of government land) rules, 1971 empowers the government to grant land for promotion of educational purposes and the rules don't contemplate auction of land for the said purposes.\"The respondent is running from pillar to post for the last 14 years to get the said plot for constructing the school but still has not received the possession of the land, which is unfortunate. We, therefore, find that the government as well as collector sympathetically considered all these aspects and looking to the urgent need of its people, the government had rightly decided to allot a small piece of land out of a big plot,\" the judges observed while lauding the government's efforts to handover the land to school.(With inputs from Anuja Saxena &amp; Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17381516", "title": "Locals want p'yat to retain Verna football ground", "text": "MARGAO: In what could be viewed as the game of one-upmanship, the village panchayat of Verna has reversed a resolution taken by the previous panchayat body of handing over the Verna football ground to the sports authority of Goa (SAG) for facilitating its development.The panchayat has, instead, decided to seek the help of the government in developing the ground with all modern amenities while retaining possession of the land with itself.\"The erstwhile panchayat body of Verna at its meeting held in June 2009 had taken a resolution to hand over the Verna football ground to SAG. Their decision was set aside by this panchayat body at its meeting held on September 28 which was chaired by me...The previous panchayat body made all out efforts to hand over the ground to SAG on a platter,\" sarpanch Lourencinha Gama told mediapersons on Monday.At the gram sabha of the Verna panchayat held on Sunday, the villagers unanimously adopted a resolution that the panchayat \"approach the government with the help of MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco to develop a state-of-the-art football ground and panchayat ghar with indoor facilities and provision for a bank premises, electricity department, library, club house and community hall\".Pacheco, who was also present at the gram sabha, reportedly told the panchayat body to prepare a plan for the development of the sports ground and to submit it to him so that he could pursue it with the government. \"All this development will be done by keeping the ownership of the ground with the Verna village panchayat,\" Gama stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381200", "title": "Underpass planned to unclog artery", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If Madhya Marg is clogged due to inter-state traffic from Panchkula, frequent traffic bottlenecks are now being seen on its parallel artery Dakshin Marg, the only route for vehicles from Ambala and Patiala. To deal with the problem, UT has decided to build an underpass on the intersection of sectors 29-31 and industrial areas I and II.Interestingly, the plan to build three underpasses on Madhya Marg has been hanging fire since 2008 as the Chandigarh Housing Board, the nodal agency for the project, could not find a company to take up construction work. A senior UT official, this is one junction in the southern part of the city, which needs a subway more than even Madhya Marg. \"A final decision will be taken after the engineering department checks the plan's feasibility,\" he said.There has been uncertainty over the fate of the underpasses planned on the Madhya Marg as even after getting budget sanction from the Centre in March 2012, the administration has been in two minds on whether it should go ahead with it. At a recent meeting, a section of officials expressed apprehensions that the underpasses would be prone to flooding in rains. There are now plans to divert a part of the traffic into the underpass to reduce congestion. According to a traffic survey done by CHB earlier, the underpasses will allow uninterrupted flow of traffic at intersections. Fuel saving up to Rs 3.08 crore per annum is expected with the coming up of each underpass, which will be approximately 400-metre long, 7.5-metre wide dual carriageway. UT finance secretary V K Singh said, the engineering department would soon begin work on underpass plan on Dakshin Marg.Times ViewLack of foresightIt is not the first time that UT administration has shifted its priorities, forgetting the crucial proposal of building underpasses on Madhya Marg. A Rs 173 crore plan for an elevated road was finalized between Transport Chowk and Housing Board Chowk but it was dropped in 2008 to make way for an underpass. Unlike neighbouring states where projects get stuck due to fund crunch, poor foresight always leaves UT ventures hanging fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17381255", "title": "Madhya Pradesh state road transport corporation employees to get salary from scrap sale funds", "text": "BHOPAL: The state cabinet on Monday decided to allocate funds received from sale of scrap and metal junk of the Madhya Pradesh state road transport corporation (MPSRTC) to the same establishment as loan for payment of employees' salaries.The cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan here decided to loan the Rs 7.97 crore received from the auction of scrap of corporation towards payments including salaries of employees and other priority monetary dues as fixed by the state inter-department committee. The money presently deposited in the state fund will facilitate the payment of 14 months' salary dues of the transport corporation employees.In another decision, the cabinet gave revised administrative sanction and investment clearance worth Rs 657.86 crore for construction works in Balaghat district. The government also decided to give guarantee to Madhya Pradesh Finance Corporation (Indore) to acquire a loan of Rs 100 crore. The corporation will utilise this loan in extending financial assistance to small and medium industrial units and other commercial services.The cabinet endorsed Human Rights Commission's report for year 2006-07 and the action taken memo and cleared for its tabling in the state assembly. The cabinet approved of the Court Fees (Madhya Pradesh Amendment) Bill 2012, Madhya Pradesh Advocates Welfare Fund (Amendment) Bill 2012 and Madhya Pradesh VAT (Second Amendment) Bill 2012.The government on Monday took firm action against retired employees found guilty on various counts of dereliction of duty. The cabinet withdraw pension of retired sub-divisional officer, PWD department, Shajapur division Arun Saxena on being found guilty in a criminal case. The government permanently withdraw pension of retired assistant engineer, PWD, Vidisha division C P Mathur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382235", "title": "Missing patient's body found in pond", "text": "KOLKATA: Body of a critically ill heart patient, who went missing from a sub-divisional hospital in Diamond Harbour in the wee hours of Monday, was found in a pond, six kilometres away from the hospital. The body has been brought to Kolkata for post-mortem.With hospital authorities denying allegations of negligence and refusing to shoulder any responsibility, a mob ransacked the hospital and beat up the superintendent. Two persons were later arrested.Meherun Sheikh (39), a zari worker and a resident of Sonamukhi in South 24-Parganas, was admitted to the hospital in a critical condition on Sunday afternoon. Sheikh was a heart patient, admitted to Male ward of Diamond Harbour Sub-divisional hospital on Sunday afternoon.Sheikh's kin alleged that he went missing from the hospital on Monday morning. Hospital authorities had lodged a missing complaint at the Diamond Harbour police station.Around 2pm on Monday, police recovered his body from a pond at Sonamukhi-Jaburali village. The deceased was later identified as Sheikh.His family members alleged negligence on part of the hospital authorities. According to Abu Siddhiqui, Sheikh's cousin, the hospital authorities sent the body to Kolkata for post-mortem in spite of having all the facilities at their hospital. was there was no information about my elder brother from the hospital authority. They sent to Kolkata for post-mortem, even though all the facilities were there in the Diamond Harbour hospital.After the news of Sheikh's death spread, his family members and locals went on a rampage at the hospital. The superintendent of the hospital, Subhasish Mondal, was assaulted. However,Hospital super Subhasish Mondal refused to make any comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17380820", "title": "Indore can outdo other IT destinations: Ramdas Kamath", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17381570", "title": "Schoolboy held for cop\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder gets bail", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of Madras high court allowed bail to an adolescent boy, who was arrested in connection with the murder of a sub-inspector of police. The 17-year-old boy, hailing from Thiruppatchethi in Sivaganga district, has been in prison for more than two weeks after accused of aiding the murder of the SI and damaging the car of the DSP.The case is that a group on route to pay homage to Marudhu brothers on the occasion of the 211th Marudhu Pandiyar Guru Poojai stabbed to death SI Alwin Sudhin at Vembathur near Tiruppuvanam in Sivaganga district a month ago. Thiruppatchethi police registered a case under sections 147, 148, 294 (b), 331, 332, 506 (i), 307, 302 of IPC and section 212 of IPC and read with 3 of PPDL Act and arrested the boy, a class 12 student. He was soon to judicial custody.The boy moved a bail petition before the Juvenile Justice Board of Madurai which rejected the same on November 9, following which he filed a bail petition before Madurai bench of the Madras High court through advocate S Ramesh Badu.In his petition, the petitioner contended that he did not participate in the rioting that took place on October 27.As per the confession statement of a Vadivel, the petitioner has been falsely implicated.The petition came up before justice C T Selvam on Monday.After hearing the petition, the judge said the juvenile petitioner attracts the provisions of Juvenile Justice Act. Hence, he is ordered to be released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382245", "title": "Fire engines for hospitals at night", "text": "KOLKATA: Two days after the SSKM fire, the government on Monday formed a task force that will inspect the fire safety measures in all major government hospitals and buildings. It will submit a report to the PWD within 15 days.The fire services department has also decided to keep fire engines as a stand-by measure in major government hospitals like SSKM, NRS and RG Kar during the nights, till all fire safety measures are in place.PWD minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar said that a four-member task force has been formed, headed by PWD secretary A R Bardhan, that will inspect all government-run hospitals and other major government buildings in and around the city. \"The task force will make a thorough inspection of the present fire safety arrangements at place in these hospitals and buildings as to how things are functioning now. The task force will submit its report within 15 days following which it will be seen as to what further steps are to be taken,\" the minister added.He also said it has been found in quite a few cases that the fire was triggered by AC machines.The task force will inspect the condition of such machines and plans are on to install auto-cutout timers on the machines.In another meeting held by fire services and disaster management minister Javed Ahmed Khan, it has been decided that stand-by fire tenders will be kept as stand-by on temporary basisas a precautionary measure at the SSKM, NRS and RG Kar hospitals till all the fire safety related works are over.\"Sometimes fire brigade officials are late to reach the spot due to traffic chaos. The fire tenders will be stationed at the hospitals from 8pm to 8am the next day. Whether this stand-by step will be converted into a permanent measure will be decided later,\" the minister said.Khan also said that so far about 95% of the hospitals have complied with the fire safety norms.\"We have given them clearances and fire licences,\" the minister said, adding that the department presently has 400 fire tenders and another 60 fire tenders will be purchased soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17400304", "title": "Relocate three high-risk petrol pumps, says Aurangabad police chief", "text": "AURANGABAD: Police commissioner Sanjay Kumar has said that three petrol pumps in the city were in a high- risk area and should be shifted at the earliest. He was speaking at the inaugural session of a training programme on fire and safety at retail outlets and LPG godowns on Monday.The training programme was jointly conducted by Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) and Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOC) in the city. It was in the wake of the recent fire that engulfed a petrol pump at Old Mondha area.Kumar said the three petrol pumps were located in overcrowded localities in the city area where maintaining security measures was a big challenge for the oil companies. \"These outlets are quite old and there is no option but to shift them in the interest of the citizens,\" he felt.The three petrol pumps include a Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) near Aurangabad railway station and one outlet each of BPCL and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited in Shahaganj area.Addressing the gathering of AMC officials, fire fighters representing various organisations, school principals and police officers, Kumar urged the participants to create awareness among the people. He said regular security audits of petrol pumps and other public places should be done with great care as it was not possible to prevent any recurrence.\"We are making use of various instruments and gadgets but people tend to ignore the security aspects of these instruments. This invites accidents and we have to pay huge price for it,\" he said.Recalling his six-month stay in Bosnia, where he had been for a United Nation's project, the city's top cop said, \"I have seen uneducated employees of that country follow basic safety rules. They did not adopt short cuts while doing their routine work which assured safety of everyone associated with the project. But this is not the case in India where a large number of educated people give secondary importance to security parameters,\" he said.According to him, education and character-building did not go simultaneously. \"If it would have been incorrect, all educated people would follow traffic and other simple rules made for their well-being. Unfortunately, there is a big chunk of modern population that takes security parameters for granted,\" he added.Meanwhile, senior divisional manager of IOC Vikas Bahel said oil companies were conducting security audits with great caution wherein every aspect related to human safety was given due importance. He also praised the efforts of IOC officials who had averted casualties during the recent fire at IOC petrol pump in last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380349", "title": "UP to draft its new disaster management policy in six months", "text": "LUCKNOW: In the maiden meeting of the authority on Monday, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav nominated revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary as the vice-chairman of the governing body of the Disaster Management Authority. Headed by the CM, the governing body also decided to draft a new Disaster Management Policy for the state in six months.Emphasising the need to provide prompt relief to affected persons in cases of natural calamities or accidents, the chief minister said that the disaster management authority should focus on creating awareness among teachers and also called for of NCC cadets in this drive. Directing officials of departments like revenue, irrigation, agriculture, urban development and fire, among others, to be more keenly involved in executing disaster management projects, the governing body also decided that the Uttar Pradesh Disaster Management Act would be redrafted by a drafting committee, under the chairmanship of principal secretary revenue, along with principal secretaries of the law, irrigation and planning departments along with additional advisers nominated by them. Secretary and relief commissioner, the governing council decided, would be the convener of the committee. tnnApprising the chief minister about the state of disaster management policies in other states like Bihar, Gujarat, Assam and other states, Chaudhary said that the governing council would study the clauses of the state disaster management authority and district disaster management agencies before giving shape to UP's own Disaster Management Act. Chaudhary also said the authority would also make recommendations, in thee next six months, of any new regulations to be added under the UP Disaster Management Act.Among other things, the Authority proposes to construct a store house for the state disaster management authority for which the Lucknow district administration has earmarked 800 square metres in Chinhat on which the store house will be built. Some land has also been allotted to the authority for conducting training programmes under the authority. Construction work for the authority has been given to Rajkiya Nirman Nigam. The chief minister and the governing council also approved a proposal to make disaster management a compulsory subject in NCC and NSS camps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17381785", "title": "Guwahati flocks to exhibition on Bhupen photos", "text": "GUWAHATI: A black-and-white framed photograph of women - all victims of ethnic strife that had engulfed the state in the eighties touching Bhupen Hazarika's feet as if to seek salvation and the bard consoling them - is grabbing the attention of people at an exhibition in the city.This photograph of Hazarika, along with other photos, is a homage paid to the bard by one of his ardent fans.Samir Choudhury, a seasoned photographer, has put his collection of photographs of Hazarika on display at an exhibition titled 'Sir Jugomiya Dhou Tuli' (For Memory Eternal), which was inaugurated by Assamese film director Gautam Bora at the State Art Gallery on Monday.Over 100 framed photographs, some dating back to as early as 1957, are telling the visitors about the different moods and sentiments of Hazarika. The exhibition highlights the musical journey of the doyen and also the time of political tribulations that had afflicted the state.\"My first encounter with Bhupenda was in 1969 at a musical show. It was an instant connection and I was very drawn to him. I was at once invited to the green room where he was getting ready and since then it was a bond that lasted for so many decades. I became a professional photographer in 1978 and it was in 1986 that I started working,\" said Choudhury, a photographer with the Tribal Research Centre.The repertoire shows many moods of the doyen like Hazarika shaving and his face getting reflected in the bathroom mirror and Hazarika in a jam session with fellow musicians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379993", "title": "Temperature brings down dengue cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the fall in temperature, dengue cases are finally going down. On Monday, the city reported 27 new cases taking the total number of such cases to 1,980, out of which 17 originated from other states. Municipal officials said that for the past one month the number of cases being reported daily ranged from 33 to 39.South Delhi Municipal Corporation has reported the maximum of 773 cases, while 631 cases have been detected from North Delhi Municipal Corporation area and 499 from East Delhi Municipal Corporation region this season. Other cases were reported from NDMC and Delhi cantonment areas. Four deaths have also taken place due to dengue including three children and a pregnant woman.Last year, 976 cases were reported and five deaths took place while in 2010, a total of 5,994 dengue cases and eight deaths were recorded in the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380528", "title": "Financier moves court against Dhanush's father", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has issued notice to the city police, on a direction petition seeking registration of a criminal case of cheating and breach of trust against actor Dhanush's director-father R Krishnamurthy alias Kasthooriraja.Justice A Arumughaswamy issued notices to the city police commissioner and the deputy commissioner of police, returnable in two weeks, on a petition filed by a film financier S Mukanchand Bothra.According to the financier, Kasthooriraja had obtained a loan of 65 lakh from him for business as well as family expenses in July this year.Later, he had issued two cheques for 40 lakh and 25 lakh each as repayment, but they were returned for want of funds. As several attempts to contact the director failed, Bothra said he lodged a complaint of cheating and breach of trust with the commissioner.Since there was no response from police, he said he was constrained to file the present petition to direct the police to accept his complaint and register a criminal case against Kasthooriraja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17382846", "title": "Iranian in Barmer jail waits for country\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s clearance to return", "text": "JAISALMER: An Iranian intruder , who is in Barmer jail for the past seven-and-ahalf years, has been waiting for his country's clearance to go back. In 2005, Bahroj Jamal, an unemployed youth in Iran, came to Pakistan in search of employment. However, he couldn't get the job of a computer engineer he was looking for and hence decided to go back to Iran via Mumbai. He entered India adjoining Barmer and was caught.Barmer SP, Rahul Barhat said that Bahroj (38), son of one Gulam Jamal, a resident of Samad area in Khurashan state in Iran was caught by BSF in Bakhasar area near Bhanda border outpost on March 4, 2005 while entering India from Pak. Although during interrogation nothing objectionable was found, the CJM court sentenced him two-and-a-half years in prison and imposed penalty under Foreigners Act.Although he completed his sentence in 2008, the Iran government did not give clearance to take him back, leaving him disappointed. His wife and 12-year-old daughter in Iran are waiting for his release, he said. On the other hand, he is becoming a headache for the Barmer police , as, despite completion of sentence, every six months, they have to register a case under Foreigners Act and put him back in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17380592", "title": "Daily drives to check speed violators", "text": "GURGAON: Following the directions by the state transport department regarding speed governors, the district regional transport authority (RTA) is conducting daily drives. The department was flooded with complaints about vehicle operators resorting to tampering of speed governors, many even removing it after installation.The transport commissioner had recently directed the district RTAs to launch a campaign to challan transport vehicles found without or with tampered speed governor. Dharmendra Singh, secretary of Gurgaon RTA, said, \"Challaning drive is being conducted on a daily basis. We have issued challans to 749 violators so far.\"Fixing of speed governors in all goods and passenger transport vehicles is mandatory in Haryana. The transport department is also looking into ways to make speed governors tamper proof. A two-member committee including representatives of speed governor manufacturers has been constituted to make recommendations for improving the existing standards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17382000", "title": "Reds torch construction vehicles in Saranda", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: West Singhbhum police have launched a massive hunt to track down the banned CPI (Maoist) rebels who allegedly set fire to six heavy vehicles involved in the road construction work under Saranda Action Plan (SAP) in Chota Nagra police station area on Sunday night. According to the police, rebels set ablaze half-a-dozen vehicles - including a road-roller and dumper - in the forest area in Chota Nagra police station's jurisdiction late on Sunday.\"About 30 Maoist rebels arrived at the construction site and set fire to the vehicles,\" said Kiriburu sub-divisional police officer Arvind Kumar Singh. No casualty has been reported in the incident. The SDPO, who is also part of the combing operation launched by the security forces to nab the culprits, said the contractor carrying out the works never sought for security cover despite the district police assuring him of safety on many occasions.\"The construction firm people never turned up at meetings convened by the police on several occasions in the past to discuss the security issue concerning the people and agencies involved in the Saranda Action Plan project works,\" said Singh. He also claimed that the company started construction work without informing the local police.The development work in the Saranda forest was introduced by the Union government in 56 villages that were set free from the Maoists control by the security forces in September 2011. The SP, West Singhbhum, Pankaj Kamboj is leading the anti naxalite operation against the ultras, following the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17380923", "title": "No more digging for BRTS: Indore Municipal Corporation", "text": "INDORE: In a coordination committee meeting of IDA and IMC held here on Monday, it was decided that no more digging work will be carried out for the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor and the remaining work mainly of installation of signals will be completed with overhead technology.While construction of roads and other work is almost complete, the installation of signals which is remaining will be carried out without any digging work. \"BRTS is being constructed under JNNURM but civic body has not received fund for the construction of bus stops and installation of signals. Now signals will be installed on Public Private Partnership (PPP) basis under which the company which will install signals will also get advertising rights over signals,\" said Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe adding that the civic body will also continue pursuing the fund issue with the union government. However, he clarified that work will not be stopped due to dearth of fund.IDA CEO Deepak Singh said that in the meeting it was decided that no more digging will be done on BRTS and remaining work will be complete with overhead technology. A coordination committee meeting was held on Monday under the chairmanship of mayor in which officials of district administration, IMC, IDA, PWD, MPEB, T&CP;, police and other departments met to fine tune inter-departmental coordination for completing developmental projects of city.Moghe said that signals will be installed in the next two months. Meanwhile, the city buses (not BRTS buses) will start plying on the lane dedicated for BRTS buses from first week of January to ease out traffic congestion on the road. But mayor refused to take over BRTS from IDA.To streamline the traffic on road, civic body will now give fund to traffic police department for road markings and zebra crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380602", "title": "IITs to drop online counselling soon", "text": "CHENNAI: In addition to a new entry test, the Indian Institutes of Technology are set to introduce another change in the admission process from the next academic year. The country's premier technical institutions have decided to do away with online counselling for admission, which was followed for several years. From 2013, all applicants will have to go to the respective IITs in person for admission.The decision was made after two candidates impersonated others in JEE 2012 to secure admissions into IIT-Bhuvaneshwar and ISM-Dhanbad this year. A girl had sought admission to ISM-Dhanbad by manipulating another candidate's IIT-JEE 2012 admit card. She had bought the other candidate's scores, and doctored the photographs, but the institute caught her out when they compared her likeness with photographs available with them, and checked her thumbprints. Officials said ISM-Dhanbad could have been misled during the spot admission process. A boy who sought admission at IIT-Bhuvaneshwar fled the scene when the institute called his bluff, JEE 2013 officials said. Each year more than five lakh candidates take the test to qualify for around 10,000 seats in the 15 IITs, Banaras Hindu University and Indian School of Mines in Dhanbad. IIT administrators say that a few aspirants occasionally try fraudulent means.\"Online counselling is one of the factors facilitating such incidents. Students will only be allowed to fill the options online, and will have physical counselling at the seven IITs,\" H C Gupta, organising chairman of 2013 JEE (Advanced), told TOI. All candidates will have to produce original certificates for verification during counselling. \"Unless the candidate comes in person we cannot identify fake students,\" he added.After the fake students were identified, JEE 2013 officials sent a communication to all IITs to check whether any other students had manipulated the JEE 2012 admit cards. On November 20 when the first year students sat for their first semester exam, IIT-Madras faculty verified the identity of its first year students with photographs obtained during JEE 2012.Academics dean of IIT-Madras K Ramamurthy said the institutes had come across instances of students trying to gain admission through fraudulent means in the past.He said the IITs had pulled up such candidates before they gained admission by verifying their photographs when they came for the test. \"Efforts are also on to verify the students' identities biometrically,\" Ramamurthy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17381256", "title": "Incentives for sterilization by cash rather than cheque", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government has backtracked on its policy for payment by cheque for beneficiaries undergoing sterilization under the family planning drive. Faced with a drop in family planning operations this year, the government has decided to pay incentives by cash to encourage sterilization.The state had directed for cheque payment of incentives in July this year in a bid to keep a tab on misuse and track on financial transactions. \"Payments by cheque has adversely affected family planning programme,\" said public health and family welfare, principal secretary Praveer Krishna. \"We realized that the banks were not interested in opening an account with a cheque of Rs 600. The beneficiaries too had to visit the bank about thrice and in the process lose their wages,\" he added.However, the state government is yet to reverse a similar order which affects severe acute malnourished (SAM) children who are admitted to the nutritional rehabilitation centres (NRC). Under the scheme, parents of SAM children are paid Rs 65 per day for 14 days duration the affected children are admitted to the NRC. Similar problems persist with Janani Suraksha Yojana (JSY), another national rural health mission (NRHM) scheme under which financial assistance, with delivery and post-delivery care, is provided.\"We are aware of the problem and would raise the issue with the union government, as these schemes are funded by the centre,\" said Krishna.The state government is yet to reverse a similar order which affects severe acute malnourished (SAM) children who are admitted to the nutritional rehabilitation centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17381561", "title": "Two girls 'kill' selves in Sundargarh", "text": "ROURKELA: Two schoolgirls were found hanging from a tree near Sisudihi village in Sundargarh's Bonai sub-division on Sunday afternoon. Two suicide notes found at the spot hinted at failed love affairs.The girls, Etuari Munda and Ratani Kisan, were natives of Sisudihi village and studied in Class VII and Class XI respectively in Jharbeda High School. They left home on Thursday and had been missing since then.Along with the two suicide notes, police have recovered passport size photographs of the two girls, said SDPO (Bonai) Amaresh Panda. While police are investigating all possible angles, the bodies have been sent for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17381662", "title": "In a first, swayamvaram to be held in January for leucoderma-hit people", "text": "TRICHY: People living with Leucoderma (Venpulligal) who could not find partners due to the disorder will have an opportunity to choose their pair in a 'Swayamwaram' for leucoderma-affected people to be conducted in Trichy in January 2013, for the first time in southern India.Considering the difficulty of such people, Leucoderma Awareness Movement-India embarked on a move to stage a ' Swayamwaram' in National College here on January 27, 2013. Since Trichy is central to Tamil Nadu, it is expected to facilitate easy connectivity for people from all parts of the state.K Umapathy, secretary of the movement, told TOI that as many as 36 lakh people in Tamil Nadu, in the age group of 13-40, were living with Leucoderma, a condition characterized by white patches on the skin all over the body. Around 65 percent of them are female. Despite medically proven that leucoderma is not a disease and is not contagious, such people and their families are subjected to societal neglect. So, they are forced to lead a life with dejection, depression, despair and frustration. Likewise, entering into marriage is not easy.In the past 16 years since the movement started, only 13 marriages have been arranged for leucoderma affected people. Umapathy said, \"Even their close relatives do not come forward to marry such people. The marriage for leucoderma-affected people is a question mark irrespective of educational qualification and economic status. In some cases, parents of such people are particular about the caste and sub-caste of the alliance, which affects the marriage proposal.\"People heaved a sigh of relief when the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) developed 'Lukoskin', a herbal medicine, to cure the disorder. The spots would permanently disappear and the natural colour would be restored after taking the medicine for 300 to 400 days. As many as 1,000 people from across the state aged between 25 and 55 are expected to attend the 'Swayamwaram'. There will be no application charges. People can register by contacting 044-65381157.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381849", "title": "Israel-Palestine conflict discussed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A lecture was organised by Vayam a study circle on 'Israel- Palestine conflict' in the city on Monday. The main speaker well known journalist Qamar Agha said the disputed area of Jeruslem had been the centre of several civilizations. It is the holy place for Jews, Christians and Muslims. In 1917 this place was claimed by Jews as their land after which Jews from all over the world settled here.The main dispute between the parties is the ownership of the Jerusalem.Today it is a world problem. Moreover the area is rich with oil and this adds to the controversy.Due to this any conflict in this area is going to affect the world economy, he said.Due to its \"vested interest\", America has been supporting Israel's occupation of this area.U S policy makers have been considering this place as an important strategic location from where it is easy to control most of the Middle East.But now it seems impossible for U S to continue with the same presence here, because of Arab awakening and economic recession , added Agha.Some important steps to resolve the issue include to stop construction of Jewish colonies, free the Gaza Strip and to provide Palestine a place in the UN general assembly.The lecture was presided over by Comrade Zia. Ravi Kiran Jain, Dr Anupam Pandey and Krishna Murari were present at the lecture and Zafar Baqth proposed vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17380447", "title": "Court awards 2 years jail to ex-SSP", "text": "PATIALA: A court in Patiala on Monday sentenced a former Ferozepur SSP to two years' imprisonment for paying Rs 70 lakh to former chairman of Punjab Public Service Commission (PPSC) to get his daughter selected as PCS officer in 2002.Public prosecutor Sanjeev Batra appeared on behalf of the Vigilance Bureau (VB), which had registered a case against former SSP Gurcharn Singh Pherurai under Prevention of Corruption Act in 2002 in the PPSC cash-for-job scam.The case was registered after it was found that Pherurai paid Rs 70 lakh to then PPSC chairman Ravinder Pal Singh Sidhu to get his daughter selected as PCS officer, said Batra. In 2002, Punjab VB had arrested then chairman Sidhu for corruption and unearthed a big recruitment scam, allegedly run by him.\"Pherurai had paid Rs 70 lakh through middlemen Randhir Dheera and Prem Sagar. Although Sidhu was also booked for corruption in a separate case, this case was registered after VB started investigation and found that Pherurai had paid such a huge amount,\" said the lawyer, while coming out of court of special judge K C Gupta.\"After trial and hearing, the judge has sentenced Pherurai to two years imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs 10,000. He has been given a month's time to appeal in higher court,\" said Batra.The then Congress government headed by Amarinder Singh had decided to dispense with the services of 28 direct appointees while 18 who were nominated %had been sent to %their previous positions, out of 46 PCS (Executive) officers who were selected %in 1998.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "17382199", "title": "Villagers save teen from getting married", "text": "KHARAGPUR: A 14-year-old girl was saved by locals from being married to her 15-year-old neighbour in Kharagpur's Bhowanipore on Monday. Police and the Kharagpur SDO stepped in and let off the parents after they gave an undertaking of not marrying of their daughter till she turns 18. The groom, a Class IX student, has gone into hiding in fear.Locals in Kharagpur's Bhowanipore stopped a child marriage, when a family driven to poverty decided to marry off their 14-year-old daughter to their neighbours' 15-year-old son on Monday. Police and the Kharagpur SDO stepped in and let the family off after they gave an undertaking not to marry off their daughter before she attains 18 years of age. The schoolgoer groom, however, has gone absconding in fear.The girls's parents - Prakash Sarkar and Mukti - told a special representative of Kharagpur SDO R Bimala that Prakash's ill health had driven the family to poverty. Mukti, who works as a domestic help, was unable to provide their daughter, Soma, with two square meals a day, let alone having the means to send her to school.The parents said that when their neighbours - Gopal and Maya Haldar - approached them to get their daughter married to their son, Amar, in return for nothing, they accepted the offer. The girl and the prospective groom had also \"given their nod\" to the proposal, they said. they were driven to penury by Prakash's continued illness for which he is bedridden for the past month. Mukti, who works as an odd help, is unable to provide their daughter - their only child - two square meals a day, let alone continue with her studies in school. They said in such a situation when their neighbours - Gopal and Maya Haldar - approached them seeking their daughter's hand in marriage, in return for nothing, they felt this was perhaps the best they could do for their child. Also they told the special representative their daughter and the prospective groom - a class IX student of a local school - knew each other well and had \"given their nod\" for the marriage.This was probably the reason why the administration did not impose a strict punishment. invoke the stringent provisions of the Prevention of Child Marriage Act, 2006, which calls for a two-year rigorous imprisonment or a Rs 1-lakh fine for those who abet such a marriage.The SDO said, \"We left them off with a warning on humanitarian grounds and they also gave us a written undertaking not to get the children married till they turn 18.\" The locals had a different take. Sanjoy Ray and Pradip Majumdar, who tipped off the Kharapur Town police and the administration, alleged that they had repeatedly warned both the families on the legal implications of a child marriage.\"Despite warnings, they did not listen to us. So we informed the police,\" said Pradip Majumdar, a local. Even today morning, they'd nearly completed the haldi ceremony of both the groom and the bride. Finding no solution, we informed the police,\" said Pradip Majumdar, a local.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381420", "title": "CID's new dog training centre proposal gets DGP nod", "text": "PUNE: A new dog training centre will come up on a sprawling five-acre campus at the State Reserve Police Force headquarters in Ramtekdi.The state criminal investigation department (CID), Pune, has been demanding a new location for the training centre for long which has finally been accepted by the state director general of police. It will be the only one in the state to train canines for the police force. Besides, there is a consistent demand from private establishments for trained sniffer dogs. The state is considering a proposal to train dogs for such firms at the new centre.CID additional director general of police Sharad Prasad Yadav told TOI on Monday that the state has deposited Rs 20 lakh with the state public works department for the training centre which will be constructed on the lines of the National Training Centre for Dogs run by the Border Security Force Academy at Tekanpur, Gwalior.Besides, the CID plans to construct 30 new dog kennels, a veterinary hospital and recruit 60 dog handlers. There will also be an office for additional superintendent of police, deputy superintendent of police and others, who will supervise training programmes for handlers and sniffer dogs on a regular basis. The plan also includes accommodation and a lecture hall for handlers and purchasing an ambulance.Currently, dogs are housed and trained on the premises of the Pune police headquarters in Shivajinagar. With the expansion of the state police force, a bigger area is needed. Moreover, CID officials said that Fergusson College and University roads that run along the police ground in Shivajinagar create noise pollution which interferes with the training schedules.Officials said that a bigger area like the one marked in Ramtekdi is the need of the hour as the existing DTC facility with 22 dog kennels is grossly insufficient and in a bad shape.Yadav said the place can also be used to impart training to sniffer dogs belonging to private establishments, which are focusing more on their security set up. The proposal to train dogs for private parties was initiated by additional superintendent of police (DTC) Rajaram Chavan (retd) and is pending before the state government for approval.The nod for the dog training centre land too has come after a long wait. The state DGP had earlier rejected the proposal and instead suggested that the training centre be shifted from its current location in Shivajinagar to Wadachiwadi, about 36 kms from the city. The CID found the location far away and requested the DGP to reconsider the decision which was accepted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17380857", "title": "Now, special window for ration cards in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: A special window has been planned to handle ration card transactions in the Setu office located in the district collectorate.Admitting that administration was under tremendous pressure from citizens demanding separate liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) connections in 'united' families, so as to benefit from the cap on number of subsidised LPG cylinders, district collector Vilas Patil said that starting a separate window at Setu office would ease the process of applications for new ration cards.With nine subsidised cylinders per year limited only to saffron card holders and those below-poverty-line (BPL), people from the other categories are now trying to get more number of connections for the family where the numbers of members is sufficiently large and the six-cylinder-norm falls short of their needs.The ration card issuing office is under pressure from the citizens and in such a case when the cards are refused there are instances of the citizens exerting pressure upon the officials. \"We have therefore decided to de-stress the staff and henceforth the Setu office will only be handling the requests for ration cards. The citizens can discuss the issues of the ration card with Setu office where we will have a separate counter,\" he said.There are scores of applications where people are trying to take connections in the names of their kin by showing additional functional kitchens. \"There have been demands for additional connections on the pretext of having more numbers of functional kitchens, with the oil companies who have denied additional connections. Now these people are trying to have ration cards in the names of their individual family despite staying in the same houses. The requests are mounting,\" an official from the district collectorate said.The requests are being made by the people living in the same families. \"They attach documents showing they live as tenants in the same house. There is no provision as such that prevents the citizens getting ration cards,\" said the official. \"Big families however have a chance to apply for the second connection - considering the Madras high court orders to Indane Gas which had decided to strike two connections out of three to a joint family with 13 members,\" said Siddhart Soni. Though in the case the court has ordered no-cancellation of existing other connections, the same statement can however also be applied to getting more connections for joint families..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17380461", "title": "'Chinese turbines will affect power sector\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dependency on Chinese equipment in power sector may have serious implications on the nation's development, feels distinguished diplomat and former high commissioner to Pakistan G Parthasarthy.Out of estimated 43,000MW power produced in various power plants in the country, around 17,000MW is done by using Chinese equipment, which is a serious matter, he said. \"Chinese never believe in transferring technology and due to sudden failure of Chinese turbines, they have to be sent back to China for repairs, thereby causing huge shortage of power,\" he said. Emphasizing on reliable equipment in power production sector, Parthasarthy observed, \"Morality does not matter for China. The time has come to set our own house in order and be firm with China.\"According to Parthasarthy, such sudden break down of power due to Chinese machines will have a direct impact on the country's development and productivity, as the industries will not be able to survive because of constant power failures. Giving the examples of Haryana and West Bengal, where power plants were equipped with Chinese machines, he said that due to technical snags in Chinese machines in these plants, both the states witnessed massive power failure in recent times.The former high commissioner was expressing these views on Sunday while speaking at a seminar on \"Contemporary challenged posed by China\" in Chandigarh. The seminar was organized by Centre for Security and Strategy. Haryana witnessed power outages at Yamunanagar and Khedar (Hisar) units of thermal power plants because of unexpected snags in the Chinese machinery.In May, the apex body of power engineers in the country \u00e2\u20ac\u201d All India Power Engineers Federation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had also shot a letter to the Union power minister informing that the old units of Bharat Heavy Electrical Limited at Panipat are performing well, while China-made new units are developing technical snags at Khedar and Yamunanagar plants.Both the 300MW units of Yamunanagar plant remained closed for a long time during the last summer, while one 600MW unit of Khedar remained inoperable during summer season, causing a sudden shortfall of 1,200MW in the state. Both these plants were equipped with Chinese turbines. The state government had to send the turbines of Yamunanagar unit to China for repairs. Similarly, Durgapur power station of West Bengal had also remained shut for a long time due to snags in Chinese turbines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17380617", "title": "Khemka raises doubts over Atray as IT director", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Raising serious doubts over the posting of Haryana Civil Services (HCS) officer Vivek Atray as IT director, Haryana's whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka has stated that Atray had worked for some private firms related to IT sector in 2008 and now it cannot be assumed that he will be fair while dealing with his former-masters in his present job.Khemka had recently hogged headlines for cancelling the mutation of a land deal between Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra and DLF. The state government on Friday appointed Atray as director and joint secretary of electronics and IT department and managing director of Hartron, a corporation to handle IT related projects, apart from another cadre (mainly meant for IAS officers) post, director of supplies and disposal.Terming \"gross impropriety\" in the transfer order, Khemka has opposed Atray's posting in IT department after his \"employment\" in two private companies related to IT sector for two years. On Monday, Khemka handed over a letter addressed to chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda to the CMO.Atray had been director of information technology in Chandigarh Union Territory administration and had dealt with consulting companies, including KPMG and PriceWaterhouse Coopers (PwC) in his official capacity, Khemka said. Against all ethics, Atray was permitted by Haryana government to take up employment in PwC and KPMG. He was an employee of these two private consulting companies for two years from October 2008 to October 2010 and was paid for \"e-governance consulting\" by these firms with whom he had dealt with officially as director IT department of UT administration,\" Khemka's letter said.\"PwC was associated with Haryana in several IT projects like SWAN, SDC, Smart card PDS, crime and criminal tracking system of police. Similarly, KPMG was associated with the state portal, state service delivery gateway and e-form projects. KPMG is also involved in a payment dispute involving Rs 33.52 lakh with Hartron at the time I relinquished charge of the corporation in July, 2012,\" Khemka said.\"This is akin to the director of town and country planning department being permitted to join a private company like DLF for doing 'work of liaison nature' and then the same person comes to head the same department at the end of his private employment,\" Khemka maintained.Khemka hoped that propriety will be restored and the posting order of Atray would be revised suitably \"so that there is no conflict of interest between his earlier private employment in PwC and KPMG and his occupying the public office of MD, Hartron, and director and joint secretary of electronics and IT department\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380608", "title": "Court orders status quo on Madurai Aadheenam affairs", "text": "CHENNAI: In a small reprieve to the trouble-torn Nityananda Dhyanapeetam (ashram) at Tiruvannamalai, which has been issued a show-cause notice by the government with regard to its management and utilization of public donations, the Madras high court has ordered maintenance of status quo as on date.On October 11, the government issued a show-cause notice to the ashram under Section 59 of the HR&CE; Act. The notice, among other things, called upon the ashram management to explain their activities and the fate of donations collected from devotees and the general public.Questioning the legality of the show-cause notice, the Dhyanapeetam manager Nithya Pranananda filed the present petition to quash it as being illegal and without jurisdiction.On Monday, Justice K Chandru restrained the government as well as the ashram management from doing anything which would alter the character of the institution from what it is as on date, and posted the matter to December 5 for further hearing.Pointing out that the HR&CE; commissioner had sought a court order restraining the ashram from altering or changing the nature and character of the institution as on November 5, the judge said, \"both sides to maintain status quo as on date.\"The petition, denying that the ashram was a temple or a place of worship or a Hindu religious public institution, said it would not come under the provisions of the HR&CE; Act. \"It is a public charity formed with an intention of propagating yoga and meditation worldwide,\" he said, adding that no Hindu religious pujas were done in the premises.It was just a universal meditation centre where people of all religions participated in yoga and meditation programmes, it claimed, adding that though some idols of gods had been kept there they were no consecrated and hence could not be considered a place of worship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17380951", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation's technical staff promotions likely today", "text": "NASHIK: Promotions of technical staff of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) are scheduled to take place on Tuesday. This would be the last round of the ongoing promotion exercise.The promotion committee that was to meet on Monday to continue with the process of promotions of its employees postponed the process to Tuesday as the municipal commissioner was out of town. Officials said that they would try their best to wind up the last round of promotions on Tuesday but since it was for technical staff, it may extend for another day. They said that everybody's attention was fixed on the promotion of the technical staff.The promotions of the NMC employees began on November 19 and until now 403 employees have been promoted. Over 100 are still to be promoted. On Tuesday, class four employees in the posts of clerks will be promoted as class three employees and technical promotions would take place.The Municipal Employees Sena has requested that the employees of the fire department be promoted on the basis of SSC, LSGD (Local Self Government Diploma) that is mandatory for clerical staff and graduation in addition to five years of service. They said that the fire department has staff are employed since 18-20 years and among these many are qualified with graduation, LSGD and MSCIT and are working as clerks.\"In the year 1999, the compulsion for having LSGD was made. We have suggested that those who are not equipped with it but are working for these many years be promoted on the condition that they acquire the qualification in two years period,\" said chairman of the Municipal Employees Sena, Shivaji Sahane, leader of the municipal employees Sena.They requested that the employees of the NMC's fire department who have crossed the age of 40 be promoted to the post of clerks and young employees who have been trained for six months in Sate Fire Brigade Training Centre, Mumbai, be taken in their places. Also, that if firemen are promoted as clerks they be compelled to work in the fire department till new staff is employed as firemen.There are 1,098 vacant posts in the NMC. After the 100 percent promotion of employees that is based on seniority and educational qualification, the remainder of the 1,098 posts will be filled through direct recruitment.An official said that this time the municipal commissioner was firm on transparency in promotions and these 100 percent promotions did not impose any financial burden on the corporation since the employees were getting frozen pay scale based on their seniority the promotions were just paperwork in promoting them to the next higher post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17380570", "title": "Accused in sword stabbing case held", "text": "GURGAON: The main accused in the Ravindra murder case was arrested late on Monday night. Ravindra was stabbed (with a sword) to death at a ring ceremony on Friday night.A senior police officer said that the main accused, identified as Parikshit Saini, has revealed the names of the other accused and they would be arrested soon.A brawl had broken out when the victim, Ravindra, was urinating in public near the venue of the function in a drunken state. After manhandling him, Parikshit Saini, a resident of Shiv Vihar Colony in old Gurgaon, left and returned with the sword along with his friends and stabbed Ravindra to death before fleeing the spot. The accused was reportedly unemployed and he disclosed the names of four to five friends, who are still at large, said a senior police officer.\"We are interrogating the accused Parikshit Saini and will soon arrest his friendswho are also involved in the murder,\" Surendra Pal Singh, DCP (West) told TOI.The incident took place at Prajapati Dharmshala, located on Sheetla Mata road on Friday night, where Yogesh and Kuldeep had %arranged a ring ceremony. The victim and his friends were among those invited by Kuldeep. After getting drunk they started dancing on DJ floor.In the meantime, a friend of Ravindra changed the song that was being played by the DJ. That triggered the brawl which became more serious when Ravindra urinated in public.When Ravindra found himself alone, he hid in a car. In a while, Saini and his friends reached there and stabbed Ravindra with a sword and fled leaving him in an injured condition. At Sheetla hospital, doctors declared Ravindra as brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17382183", "title": "Paradise restored", "text": "VADODARA: The multimedia laser fountain project at Kamatibaug has been put on hold by Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) and the contractor has been asked to move all material from the spot of construction to restore the site to its previous condition.The VMC took the decision in the wake of the project snowballing into a major controversy and leading personalities of the city too lending support to the agitation against the fountain. The last incident that seems to have made VMC wary and take a step backwards is that of M S University (MSU) chancellor and member of the royal Gaekwad family Mrunalini Devi Puar extending support to the agitation.Before Puar, it was the likes of noted painter Gulammohammed Sheikh and prominent architect Karan Grover, who extended support to the agitation and slammed the project. Even Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) was closely following the project and its Gujarat co-coordinator Sanjeev Joshi had visited the garden along with other experts.VMC deputy municipal commissioner R K Sugoor said that any decision regarding the fountain would now be taken by the general board. \"We have asked the contractor to remove all the material from the garden in the wake of the opposition,\" said Sugoor. Officials added that the contractor was also informed that the letter of intent issued to him was being put on hold.Sources said the board too was not in a position to make any decision immediately. \"It cannot take major development projects because of the code of conduct,\" said a senior VMC functionary. Sources added that the civic body also wanted to avoid any controversy ahead of assembly polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17380395", "title": "Six held for Rs 2.8 crore jewellery shop dacoities", "text": "MUMBAI: The MIDC police recently arrested six youths for two dacoities in the past month which took place in the Seepz MIDC locality. The accused had robbed gold ornaments worth Rs 2.82 crore from the employees of jewellery outlets by threatening them with weapons, police said.Three jewellers were also arrested for buying the stolen valuables from the accused. Cops are searching for two more accused wanted in the case.The police, who have recovered gold ornaments worth Rs 88 lakh from the arrested accused, initially suspected that the victims had a hand in the offence and had therefore planned to book them.But CCTV footage helped the police track down the accused \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Yogendra Thakur (23), Sudhir Mandal (23), Suraj Kahar (26), Vinay Singh Yadav (23), Prem Yadav (24) and Vijay Prajapati (23).The accused, who have been booked for dacoity, are locals and targeted jewellery shop employees who were on their way to deliver consignments.The arrested accused were former delivery boys at the jewellery outlets and were aware of work timings at the shops. \"They were bike-borne and would snatch the bag containing the valuables from the victims while they were on their way delivering consignments,\" said an MIDC police officer.The first incident occurred on September 27 when the victim, employed with a gold testing laboratory, was assigned the job of delivering valuables worth Rs1.02 crore to a shop. In the second case, which occurred on October 26, Durgesh Tiwari was en route to deliver gold ornaments worth Rs1.8 crore when he was attacked by the gang. Cops said the robbed valuables were sold to branded city showrooms.They added that the accused modus operandi involved keeping a watch on courier boys working at jewellery outlets in the locality.During interrogation, the gang also confessed to having kidnapped a Navi Mumbai chartered accountant from Sanpada railway station on July 20 at knife point.The victim was taken to an ATM kiosk and forced to withdraw cash. The gang then stole the victim's cell phone, laptop and the cash. The good s were collectively worth Rs 4.16 lakh.While the victim didn't inform the Turbhe police at the time of the incident, the latter have been informed of the offence now and a case has been registered at the Turbhe police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380152", "title": "Juvenile Cup: Miss Venus fancied in Delhi races", "text": "NEW DELHI: Miss Venus should claim the Juvenile Cup at the Delhi races on Tuesday.Selections: 1st race: So Sweet 1, Ashwa Sitara 2, Master Racer 3. 2nd race: Zhum Schneider 1, Saira 2, Master Yunani 3. 3rd race: Steel Force 1, Midnight Special 2, Ashwa Parwez 3. 4th race: Marhaba 1, Tigerish 2, Beyond Compare 3. 5th race: Miss Venus 1, Miss Castle 2, Yalamlam 3. 6th race: El Sharara 1, Trusted Man 2, Immortal 3. 7th race: Master Sensation 1, Ashwa Sakira 2, Kohinoor Beauty 3.Cogito pleasesCogito Ergo Sum, Que Sera Sera and Edith Piaf were impressive during the try-outs at Mumbai on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381114", "title": "Councillors question rate enhancement", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Construction or recarpeting of roads is one of the major works of the MC engineering department and it remained under scanner during the monthly house meeting on Monday.In a significant revelation it was learnt that the rates of seven such agenda items have been enhanced from 33% to 70% in the last one year.Raising the enhancement issue in the meeting, nominated councillor Surinder Bahga said, \"I am shocked to learn that financial estimates of seven agendas related to road works have been increased from 33% to 70% in just one year. Why were the right estimates not prepared in the first place?\"Later, while taking to TOI, Bahga said, \"Many senior engineers intentionally make low financial estimates to escape their responsibilities. By doing so they ensure that the matter is eventually raised in the general house meeting and they are not held responsible for anything that goes wrong. The entire process is time consuming and eventually the rates of raw material get revised, which force us to give work on higher rates.\"Though, defending his point, municipal chief engineer S S Bida informed the house that they had advertised all these seven tenders, but no contractor came forward to take the work and therefore revised estimates had to be prepared. \"We did not loose any money. The rates of raw materials have increased in last one year,\" said Bida. Eventually, all seven agendas were sent to the MC's road committee for detailed study and it was decided that only after the road committee is satisfied, the agendas will be approved. However, municipal councillor Arun Sood questioned that if there is no financial loss, why are these agendas not passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17381782", "title": "Stall selling rare animals' meat at fest shut down", "text": "IMPHAL: Taking prompt action against a food stall selling dishes made of wild animals' meat at the ongoing Sangai Festival in Imphal, the commerce and industry department of the state government shut down the stall. The festival is organized by the Manipur tourism department every year.Incidentally, People for Animals (PFA), Thoubal, which first reported that the stall selling dishes made of porcupine and wild pig (boar) meat at the festival, also rescued nearly 50 migratory birds from two poachers on Sunday.Manipur forest officials, besides confiscating the endangered animals' meat from the stall, also registered a case against the stall-owners under the provisions of the Wild Life Protection Act, 1972.Wild boar and porcupine, which are found in several forest areas of the hill districts, are listed in Schedules III and IV respectively as endangered animals under the act.\"As soon as we were informed of the matter, two of our officers rushed to the festival venue and seized the meat from the particular stall,\" Manipur forest department's chief wildlife warden, Anilkumar, told TOI on Monday afternoon.\"The tourism department has also shut down the stall, which was being run by two individuals,\" Anilkumar said, adding the seized meat would be sent to experts for verification.An FIR was filed against the two individuals, who will be produced at the concerned court, the senior forest official said.Meanwhile, members of PFA Thoubal rescued almost 50 migratory birds from two poachers in the district during a raid carried out since Sunday evening.The raid is part of its ongoing campaign, 'Greet our Guests', launched to protect the migratory birds taking temporary shelter in various wetlands of the state.The two poachers - M Pishak (45) and M Shyam (40) of Tentha village in Thoubal - have also been pulled up by Thoubal police commandos, said PFA Thoubal's managing trustee Lourembam Biswajit.\"Our members on Sunday evening decoyed the poachers and bought eight migratory birds from them. They said they wanted to buy more birds and the poachers assured they would deliver the birds on Monday morning,\" Biswajit said.Eight PFA members, including Biswajit, went to the poachers' residences and raided them. \"We collected about 50 birds belonging to different species like spotted owl, spotted munia and other varieties of wadding birds,\" he said. He added that of seven of the rescued birds died of severe injuries caused by the traps used by the poachers.\"We are now taking care of the live birds at our enclosure and they would be released after consulting with forest authorities,\" he said, while appealing to people, particularly hotel-owners, not to buy migratory birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17380499", "title": "Online traffic challan payment system launched", "text": "JALANDHAR: An online traffic challan payment system, first of its kind in the state, was launched on Monday by Punjab DGP Sumedh Saini. An online system of fixing appointments for foreign nationals at the Foreign Registration Office (FRO) was also launched.Police commissioner Gaurav Yadav said the online traffic challan payment system would obviate the need for citizens to visit the traffic office/saanjh kendra/DTO office for compounding of traffic offences or the courts for payment of fines.\"The online payment window would operate in two ways -- firstly, acceptance of payments by credit/debit cards, and, secondly, direct online payments through electronic transfers,\" Yadav informed. He clarified that this facility of online traffic challan payment would be available only for the compoundable challans and would not available for the non-compoundable challans and sticker challans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17381243", "title": "Single status remains elusive for SmartCity", "text": "KOCHI: The chances of the entire SmartCity land getting a single SEZ status is fading fast. With the SEZ board, which met on Friday failing to take up the issue, even SmartCity authorities seem to have given up hope.According to sources, since the Union finance ministry continues to raise objections over granting a single SEZ status for the project land, there is little chance for a decision in favour of SmartCity. Creating two separate SEZs on the project land would create further delays and necessitate an overhaul of the SmartCity master plan.Rather than considering the issue at the Friday's meeting of the board, it was decided to constitute a committee to take a final decision on the matter. A meeting of TECOM's representatives with the officials of the Union finance ministry, commerce ministry, IT ministry and IT department of Kerala will be convened soon. A final decision in this regard would be taken after this meeting, sources said.The single status problem arose as Kadambrayar River, which runs through the project area, divides the land into three. The finance ministry took a stand that as the land is divided by natural boundaries the project cannot be given the single SEZ status.The board has already approved SEZ status for 131 acres of land earmarked for the project. But TECOM demanded that the entire 246 acres should be given the single status. Later, the state government also exerted political pressure on the Centre. But the finance ministry was in no mood to relent. The remaining 115 acres is further bifurcated into 100 acres and 15 acres each by the river. As per the norms, SEZ status cannot be given to land below 25 acres. So, the 15 acres of project land may not get SEZ status.The TECOM has already completed the master plan for the project and was hoping to get the single SEZ status for the entire area. According to SmartCity sources, if the project area is converted into two separate SEZs, the master plan would have to be completely redrawn. This would result in more investments. A single SEZ status would let the project have common facilities such as hospitals, schools and entertainment zones. These amenities would have to be provided separately for each SEZ land, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17381573", "title": "Siolim panch shot at", "text": "Mapusa: Sodiem-Siolim panch Amey Harmalkar, 23, was shot at by two youths from Camurlim on Sunday night.Mapusa police said Harmalkar, who has a number of cases booked against him on earlier occasions, was at Camurlim accompanied by his friend Sachin Hirawale when at about 12.45am Tukaram Khorjuvenkar and Sachin Khorjuvenkar passed by on a motorcycle and allegedly insulted the duo.Annoyed at this, Harmalkar and Hirawale chased the men on their motorcycle and when they reached Maina Patto, Siolim, Tukaram and Sachin stopped their two-wheeler and shot Harmalkar in the abdomen.Harmalkar was shifted to district hospital and then to Goa medical college where he is undergoing treatment and his condition is stable. Police are verifying whether the gun used in the shooting is licensed. Police said the reason behind the shooting was previous enmity.Mapusa police arrested Tukaram and Sachin under Section 307 IPC (attempt to murder) and various sections of the Arms Act and are being interrogated. Police have obtained 10 days remand for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17381766", "title": "Mime artist uses silence to highlight burning social issues", "text": "GUWAHATI: Through the medium of silent expressions, a seasoned mime artist, along with the protegees of his mime academy, has highlighted burning issues like illegal immigration through a two-day mime show.Moinul Haque, a Sangeet Natak Akademi awardee and a noted mime artist, has earned rave reviews for his two-day mime rendition titled 'Voice of Silence 2'. The two-day mime event highlighted nine items touching some of the most important and contemporary issues affecting society as a whole.\"America America\", one of the items that was performed, was about the desire prevalent among Indians and to some extent Assamese parents to see their children study in America. This particular mime act told the story about a parent who only wants to instil a spirit of competitiveness in their only son for which their son leaves for USA for higher studies leaving his parents to face the isolation of old age.\"I cannot say anything through words and mime gives me the opportunity to speak my mind freely just using my expressions. Through the medium of silence, many issues can be highlighted,\" said Haque.While \"America America\" spoke about the obsession for American education \"intrusion\" spoke about the influx of illegal migrants in the state, an issue that is considered volatile and deeply political. This particular item, through silent expressions, spoke about the dangers of unchecked influx and its consequences on the demographic pattern of the state.\"Influx is another important issue that needs to be changed. Through this, I wanted to convey that it is us, the Assamese people, who have dug their own grave because of our unwillingness to work and the need to address the problem. It depicts how the original and the indigenous people become 'D' voters and illegal immigrants becoming the new owners,\" said Haque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381851", "title": "No takers for Maharashtra Airport Development Company warehousing tender", "text": "NAGPUR: Apparently private investors are not finding Mihan project very attractive. Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) that had invited tenders for developing a warehousing facility on 7.7 acres of land could get no bidders. The last date for accepting bids ended a week ago but none applied. With no bidders in the first round, sources in MADC say they are now reworking the strategy.Mihan has been projected as a major hub for warehousing ventures due to Nagpur's central location and the area's proximity to the airport. Land for this project earmarked outside the special economic zone (SEZ), area was supposed to be leased out to a private party for a period of 99 years. MADC had pegged the reserve price at Rs 3885 a square foot.When contacted MADC's vice-chairman-cum-managing director UPS Madan confirmed no bids were received and said that the strategy was being reworked. Sources said that MADC could not get bids probably because the current rates appeared too high especially in the light of the conditions at which Future Group, which is already operating a warehouse, was offered a land. An overall slump in the business is also a reason for the tender failing, they said.The deal with Future Group had also irked city-based Nagpur Gupta Sical Road Terminal Ltd (NGSRTL), which was earlier coming up with a warehousing facility along with a road and rail terminal in Mihan. MADC constructed the warehouse for Future Group at its own cost and let it out to this company with a clause that the rent will not be hiked for 10 years. Also, no party can terminate the agreement during this period. This gives Future Group an advantage over any other warehousing company which comes up with the building at its own cost.NGSRTL has moved the court against MADC which terminated its contract. MADC says the deal was terminated because NGSRTL did not go ahead with the work. On this, the latter responds that it had to abandon the plan because renting the land to Future Group on easy terms hampered its own business prospects.The present tender entailed outright lease of the land for a period of 99 years and the warehouse had to be constructed by the party. With the reserve price of Rs 3885 a square-foot the base rate comes to Rs 13 crore. The parties would have had to bid above this level and later construct the premises. There has been no fresh development on the SEZ front also except inquiries by smaller players from pharmaceutical sector, added a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17380605", "title": "Booze ripoff earns Tasmac staff crores", "text": "The state-owned Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation (Tasmac), which has a monopoly over the sale of liquor in the state, is one of the government's principal sources of revenue, with a total revenue of Rs 18,000 crore in 2011-2012. This is expected to increase about 20% this fiscal. But it's not just the corporation that's raking in the moolah.Salesmen at every Tasmac outlet line their pockets by overcharging every customer, and pass on a share of the spoils to senior officials of the corporation. The salesmen charge a minimum premium of `10 for a bottle of beer and `5 to `10 for every quarter bottle (180ml) of liquor and even more for half and full bottles.With Tasmac selling 65 lakh cases of liquor and beer every month, the ripoff is on a scale so massive, senior officials are happy to pocket a sizeable percentage of the loot and turn a blind eye to the practice.According to sources, Tasmac each month sells a total of 45 lakh cases of hard liquor, including brandy , whiskey, rum, gin and vodka. It also sells around 20 lakh cases of beer every month. Each case of liquor contains either 48 quarter bottles, or 24 half bottles (375ml) or 12 full bottles (750ml). Consider the economics.Quarter bottles account for as much as 90% of Tasmac's total liquor sales. With Tasmac outlets charging Rs 240 extra for each case of liquor, at the minimum premium of Rs 5 per bottle, the corporation's outlets together make at least `120 crore on the side every month or around `1,500 crore per year.\"We take action against salesmen in outlets that are found to be charging more than the minimum retail price (MRP),\" a senior Tasmac official said. \"More than 1,500 salesmen were suspended in the past six months.\" The official admitted, however, that the corporation takes action mostly on complaints by customers and that customers usually do not complain about MRP violations.\"This makes it difficult for us to identify outlets and salesmen who charge extra,\" he said. After the government's recent announcement that it would round off the rates of liquor by up to `10 per bottle, shopkeepers started charging the new prices even for old stock plus the premium that the customers are forced to pay. Tasmac outlets would charge `2 or `3 extra for every quarter bottle when the prices ranged between `60 and `90. The government hiked the prices at the beginning of the year to `80-`110 and salesmen too hiked the premium they charge by `5 to `10.S Venkatesh, a regular drinker, said when customers question Tasmac salesmen about making customers pay extra, the salesmen dare them to complain to any authority. According to the rules, the phone numbers to make complaints about MRP violations and the price list should be prominently displayed at all outlets. Not surprisingly, not a single outlet follows the rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17381502", "title": "Filmmakers overlook money constraints to pursue passion", "text": "PANAJI: Filmmaking is like a drug for filmmakers who are passionate about it, was the view expressed by Mauritian director Harrikrishna Anenden while speaking on the sidelines of the International Film Festival of India (Iffi) 2012.Anenden, whose film 'Children of Troumaron' screened at Iffi 2012 said \"filmmaking is like a drug, it's a disease. It's a microbe in your blood\".The director, who has made over 60 documentaries for the United Nations on various health issues such as malaria , tuberculosis , childbirth mortality and AIDS, has produced the feature film with his own finances.He said lack of finances did create difficulties for him while making the film, but stated that he \"was happy with the film\".\"I could not shoot a rain scene for the end of film as I did not have the money to do it. It was difficult to make the film, but we are happy,\" said Anenden.Terming his film as \"a product of love\", Anenden said it took two-three years to finish the script having made 15-16 versions of it. The film is based on a 2006 fiction novel, but Anenden said when he went to shoot it, he realized that \"the story was a reality that did exist\".Giving an insight into filmmaking in Mauritius, France-based Anenden said Mauritius had almost no film industry and most actors in the country were not professionals. He observed that it was difficult to make films there as there was no state help or financial support available. Anenden cited eminent Indian filmmaker Satyajt Ray as an inspiration for him. He felt \"what a director wants to show the audience dictates his style\".Canadian actress and director Ingrid Veninger, who like Anenden has made her film with her own finances, opined that with the technology and resources available today, she \"believes nothing is impossible\".Veninger, whose film 'I am A Good Person/I am a Bad Person' is part of the festival package of films, said she does this as \"when a filmmaker makes a film with money from a production house, there are expectations from the film\", whereas she prefers to \"make films in a fearless way\" which may cause the film to lose money.Veninger said she has acted in movies featuring noted Hollywood actors Meryl Streep and Stellan Skarsgard among others, and also disclosed that she has made some of her films with only a two person crew consisting of a cameraman and sound technician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17381808", "title": "Manipur church gives useful items to 317 families", "text": "IMPHAL: At a time when various opposition parties and civil bodies in strife-torn Manipur have blamed the government for its failure in implementing the public distribution system, a church body has come forward to distribute plenty of support materials among deprived people.As part of its annual community development project and gift distribution programme, Believers' Church Manipur on Saturday gave away several useful items to economically deprived people at its Langol Laimani complex here.The items procured by the church for around 317 families belonging to different communities include sewing and embroidery machines, corrugated tin sheets, bicycles, piglets andchicks.\"We have been carrying out the humanitarian service since 1997, a year after the establishment of the Believers' Church in Imphal ,\" said the church's Diocesan secretary Rev Father Japha Aimol.He said the developmental services of the church are motivated from the teachings of Jesus.Incidentally, a large number of Meitei Christian converts are members of this church and many of them have already established their units at various parts of the state.Other community development projects taken by the chruch include safe drinking water supply projects, poverty alleviation project and adult literary programme, Aimol said.Legislature Paonam Brojen Meitei, chief guest of the gift distribution ceremony, lauded the functionaries of the Believers' Church for their charitable service for mankind.Brojen, who is a Christian convert representing Wangjing Tentha constituency in Thoubal district, said the estranged feeling between the hill and valley people could be wiped out only when a strong emotional integrity is developed in the state.\"Constructing good roads, buildings and other development infrastructures in the hills will not bring love and brotherhood overnight. The valley people should treat our brothers in the hills with respect and brotherhood feelings,\" he said.All Manipur Christian Organization ( AMCO ) president Rev Prim Vaiphei and Fr TS Dominic, chancellor of Bishop House, Imphal, also expressed their heartfelt gratitude towards the noble service taken up by the Believers' Church.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380780", "title": "Groom, family fail to show up for reception, cops say it is planned", "text": "CHENNAI: All was fine at a wedding hall in Thirumangalam on Sunday till the bridegroom and his family failed to turn up for a reception on the eve of the wedding.Police said Tamil Selvam, a 31-year-old techie, and his family had planned to escape after the bride's family returned the diamond jewellery that the groom, Tamil Selvam had gifted.Tamil Selvam, a resident of VOC Nagar, was engaged to Nalini a couple of months back. The wedding was to be hosted by Nalini's family. But Nalini's father had to undergo a bypass surgery after the betrothal and the money that was set aside as dowry had to be used to pay for the operation. Nalini's family requested Tamil Selvam's family to conduct the wedding and gave them Rs 3 lakh.After this, Tamil Selvam's sister Nandakumari visited Nalini and asked her to return the diamond jewellery worth Rs 5 lakh that had been gifted to her, claiming that Tamil Selvam's relatives wanted to see the ornaments.\"They did not turn up at the wedding hall as they did not want to bear the expenses of the wedding,\" a police officer said. \"The groom's family decided to make away with the Rs 3 lakh given to them and the jewellery.\"The bride's family, shocked after the groom's family failed to contact them for three days after taking back the jewellery, lodged a complaint with Thirumangalam All Women Police Station on November 18. Police summoned both families. Tamil Selvam refused to marry Nalini but later assured police officers that he would marry her. However, on Sunday evening, the bride and her relatives were embarrassed when the groom's family failed to turn up even for the wedding.When they called the boy's parents, they told them that they had decided to call off the wedding.A senior advocate said it is illegal to demand dowry, but most families give and take dowry without attempting to hide the fact. \"If the family calls off the wedding without prior information, the groom's family could be booked for cheating and under the Dowry Prohibition Act,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17380931", "title": "Local communities crucial to eco-system, says Gadgil", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Following attempts in certain quarters to paint the Western Ghats Experts Ecology Panel (WGEEP) report as anti-people and anti-development, Dr Madhav Gadgil, the principal author of the report, clarified that local communities and their welfare are an indispensable part of protecting the environment. He urged the Kerala government and community leaders not to mislead people on WGEEP's recommendations and demanded that the report be translated into Malayalam and circulated among local communities to remove wrong perceptions.\"The WGEEP report is not anti-development as propagated by some groups. Nowhere in the report are there clauses which state that the rights of local communities will be denied. In fact, the report wholeheartedly supports farming communities which have been coexisting harmoniously along the Western Ghats,'' Gadgil, who was touring the Ganga river basin, told TOI on Tuesday.On Sunday, the Idukki diocese of the Syro-Malabar Catholic church issued a pastoral letter which said that WGEEP report, if implemented, will adversely affect the livelihood of farmers and development of areas along the Western Ghats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17380217", "title": "Driver ran over 2, gets two year imprisonment", "text": "BANGALORE: A 25-year-old goods vehicle driver, who ran over two persons, including a student, was convicted by second metropolitan magistrate's traffic court and was sentenced for one year imprisonment. He was also asked to pay a fine of Rs 10,000.BS Naveen Shivanna of Talaghattapura main road in Kanakapura had run his vehicle over pedestrians on 5{+t}{+h} main, Upparpet on the morning of July 9 2010. While Sanjay Kumar, a student, died on the spot, Shivaleela Nelavagi succumbed to her injuries a few days later in a hospital. Three other pedestrians had escaped with minor injuries.Then Upparpet traffic police inspector H CJagadish arrested Naveen Kumar and had filed a charge sheet against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381426", "title": "Maharashtra records highest dengue toll since 2006", "text": "PUNE: The state has reported a whopping 73 dengue deaths and 2,422 confirmed cases of dengue fever between January 1 and November 26 this year. State public health officials said this year's toll is the highest since 2006 when 26 people had died.With the rural areas of the state recording almost as many number of deaths as the urban centres, the indication is that dengue is no longer concentrated in urban areas alone, but has started spreading to state's interiors as well.A total of 38 people have died due to dengue fever in the municipal limits of cities, whereas the mosquito-borne infection has claimed 35 lives in rural parts of several districts.\"Among 2,422 dengue cases reported so far, Mumbai, Pune, Nashik, Jalgaon and Kolhapur have recorded the highest number of cases. As for dengue casualties, Jalgaon district has reported the highest number of eight deaths so far, followed by Bhandara with six deaths. The municipal corporation areas of Pune city and Malegaon have reported six deaths each,\" Pradip Awate, state surveillance officer, state health department, told TOI on Monday.One death each was reported from the districts of Thane, Raigad, Ahmadnagar, Pune, Amaravati, Buldhana and Gondia. The rural parts of Nashik, Satara, Yavatmal and Nagpur districts have reported two dengue deaths each. Dhule and Kolhapur districts have reported three deaths each due to dengue fever.As for the municipal limits of cities, Mumbai and Meera Bhayandar have reported three deaths each. The municipal corporations of Dhule and Pimpri Chinchwad have reported five deaths each. Bhiwandi, Ahmednagar, Nashik and Kolhapur have reported one death each. Kalyan municipal corporation has reported four deaths due to dengue and Nagpur municipal corporation has reported two deaths so far.A state health official attributed the rise in dengue cases to rapid urbanisation and shortage of water leading to people storing water. Unplanned growth and construction activities are also reasons for dengue cases in urban as well as rural areas, including small towns that are also witnessing urbanisation.Pune-based National Institute of Virology (NIV) has confirmed that three of the four serotypes of dengue viruses are presently co-circulating, with dengue (DENV) virus 2 being more predominant.\"Of the four serotypes of dengue virus (DENV), DENV-2 is predominant among the three viruses currently co-circulating,\" A C Mishra, director, National Institute of Virology (NIV), had said in an earlier interview to TOI. Mishra had also observed that dengue virus is moving more and more towards the rural areas and this is likely to increase the magnitude of the disease in near future.\"There has been no drastic change in the characteristic of dengue virus since 1990,\" Mishra had said.Dengue is emerging as a major public health concern in India. Since the first epidemic in Kolkata during 1963-64, many places in India have been experiencing dengue infection. One of the largest outbreaks in North India occurred in Delhi and adjoining areas in 1996. The epidemic broke out mainly due to dengue virus 2. DENV-2 has remained a predominant strain since 1990.The seasonality of transmission of dengue with increased activity has been observed in the post-monsoon season. Even in the post-epidemic period (2004 and 2005) increased dengue virus activity was seen in post monsoon period - September to November - with peak in the second and third week of October. Similar observation was made in 1997 following the 1996 epidemic.\"These findings indicate that during the epidemic and non-epidemic years, dengue infections are mostly seen in post-monsoon season. Hence, preventive measures should be followed at the very onset of monsoon,\" states the report by the National Vector-borne Disease Control Programme.Climatic conditions favourable for dengue, water scarcity leading to increased storage of water, increasing construction activity, piling up of garbage, lack of public awareness about anti-mosquito measures and inadequate mosquito management have aggravated the situation.\"Since the mosquito, aedes aegypti, which spreads dengue, breeds in fresh water, it is imperative for every household to empty and clean all utensils and tanks at least once a week,\" said another health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380371", "title": "Bijnor murder: Cops make no headway, traders protest", "text": "LUCKNOW: Enraged over murderous attack on a Samajwadi Party (SP) leader in broad daylight at Shivaji Market of Bijnor on Sunday and in which a girl student of class 10 was killed, traders in the city pulled up their shutters on Monday to protest against the failure of the police to trace and arrest the prime accused in the case. Two of the four assailants were nabbed by onlookers shortly after the shootout and handed over to the police, but the latter failed to make progress and the locals were infuriated.On Sunday, around noon, four youths arrived at the Rastogi Medical Store in Shivaji Market under Siyohara police circle of Bijnor and opened fire at the owner Rajat Rastogi, district vice president of Samajwadi Party (SP) Yuvajan Sabha. The bullet missed Rastogi hit instead a teen-aged girl standing at the shop.With the bullet shot through her stomach, the girl, identified as Toshi Rastogi, was rushed to the hospital from where she was referred to Moradabad as her condition was deteriorating. She died on her way to the hospital.tnnA native of Meerut, Toshi had come to Bijnor to spend her Diwali holidays at her maternal grand parent's house. A student of class 10 at Dewan Public School, Toshi had come to Bijnor with her father Nishcal Rastogi and mother Nidhi. They were staying at the Krishna Barda locality residence of Toshi's grand parents in the city.The incident triggered panic in the market as traders shut shop in fear. Some onlookers managed to chase the fleeing assailants and nab two of them, while the two others escaped from the scene. The two were thereafter handed over to the police. Following initial interrogation of the arrested accused, police said the incident was a result of property dispute between Rajat Rastogi and his business partner Furqan. Rajat was also in property dealing business, said police.Initially, police had a tough time pacifying rising tempers following attempts to give the incident a communal color as the assailants were from another community , but superintendent of police (SP) Nitin Tewari held a meeting with influential locals and produced the assailants before them who in turn admitted that the incident was result of a property dispute.On Monday, traders observed a bandh to protest against the killing demanding immediate arrest of the prime accused in the case. Police said regular raids were underway and all-out efforts were being made to trace and arrest Furqan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382231", "title": "Revised fares are profitable: Mitra", "text": "KOLKATA: Transport minister Madan Mitra rubbished the bus operators' allegation that the revised fares were not profitable, saying that the transport department would soon come up with an expert committee report showing that the revised bus fares are reasonable and the operators will be able to make profits. He said that the transport department has already conducted a video conference with 19 RTOs on the revised fare chart.Several buses are not plying on the roads as bus operators said that with increased expenses, they were finding it very tough to run the vehicles. The number of buses, plied on city roads on Sunday, was very low.Mitra said that the revised bus fare is completely reasonable and approved by the group of ministers after detailed consultation. \"A conspiracy is going on. We will give expert committee reports that will show that the bus operators are not making any loss,\" Mitra said. According to the new fare chart, there is an increase of Re 1 at every stage.Also, contrary to the complaints that the revised fare charts, being distributed by the RTOs, are yet to reach the operators, and been distributed by the RTOs,the minister said that this was not true. \"We have conducted video conferences with 19 RTOs on the fare chart and the charts have been sent to all of them,\" the minister said.Confusion occurred amongst commuters ever since bus fares were revised announced by the government earlier this month. This created widespread confusion and resentment amongst passengers as complaints came that on many routes the bus conductors were charging more compared to the distances covered and trouble occurred between bus conductors and passengers over the matter. The government decided on a partial rollback of the fares and a new revised fare was fixed and announced by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17380422", "title": "RPO head, successor in war of words", "text": "JALANDHAR: A spat was witnessed in the office of Regional Passport Officer (RPO) here between the incumbent officer Parneet Singh and Punjab Police officer Harmanbir Singh Gill, who has been appointed as Deputy RPO. Gill wanted Parneet to hand the charge to him on Monday, but Parneet said he has not even been communicated about his replacement.Gill, who was posted as AIG , is the brother of Beas MLA Jasbir Singh Dimpa.According to sources in RPO, there were heated arguments between the two and rough language was used during the spat. It is learnt that Gill had come to the office on Friday as well but then Parneet had gone out to inspect Passport Sewa Kendra. On Monday, Gill again came to the office and asked Parneet for the charge. It is learnt that he also called up an officer in Ministry of External Affairs and then both of them spoke to joint Secretary in the MEA. When contacted, Parneet said he was told to continue till December 31. It was after this call to Delhi that peace prevailed in the Office and Gill sat in another office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17379365", "title": "September-born kids ace Tamil Nadu boards", "text": "CHENNAI: There is no secret recipe for success, but if your child was born in September, he or she is likely to get 10% more marks in the board exam than classmates born in other months. This has nothing to do with a child's star sign, but is associated with the phenomenon of 'relative age'.A government analysis of the board exam results of 20 lakh Class XII students in Tamil Nadu over the last three years showed that the month in which a student is born can lead to a difference of up to 120 of the total of 1,200 marks.This is because the virtual cut-off for a child to join school is the end of August. A child born in September will have to wait for the next admission year, making him or her one of the oldest students in a class, handing him a distinct academic advantage over his younger and hence less mature classmates.According to the study, students born in June scored the lowest marks in the Class 12 board exams \u00e2\u20ac\u201d securing an average of 720 of 1,200 marks. The scores of students born in July are higher, and those of August-born students are higher still. But students born in September score the highest marks \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an average of 840 of 1,200. From there on it is downhill.Tamil Nadu school education department secretary D Sabitha said Report Bee, a company incubated by IIT-Madras, carried out the study to \"come out with ways to help rural children perform well in academics\".The study draws parallels from Canadian psychologist Roger Brantley's phenomenon of 'relative age'. In his book 'Outliers', Malcom Gladwell said the idea hit Barnsley when he was watching a hockey game in Canada. Barnsley wondered \"why a hugely disproportionate number of professional hockey and soccer players were born in January, February and March\". The book explains: \"In Canada, the eligibility cutoff for age-class hockey is January 1. A boy who turns 10 on January 2, then, could be playing alongside someone who doesn't turn 10 until the end of the year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and at that age, in preadolescence, a 12-month gap in age represents an enormous difference in physical maturity.\"\"Perhaps this initial advantage that the older children have over their classmates continues through the years. Whatever the reason, it's clear that if your child is born in September he or she already has a 100-mark advantage,\" the Chennai study concluded.Tamil Nadu school education department secretary D Sabitha said Report Bee, a company incubated by IIT-Madras, carried out the study to \"come out with ways to help rural children perform well in academics\".Michael, a child in Chennai who turned two in January 2008, is a case in point. His mother, Annie Prince, knew that she wanted to put him in a leading CBSE school near their home. There was only one problem: Michael did not meet the age criterion.They told her he was younger by a month, and that he would have to seek admission in LKG only the next year, Annie said. \"I thought it was unreasonable that the school should make such a fuss over 30 days , and I decided to put him in another school where I knew the principal. She agreed to take him in,\" Annie added.Little did Annie know that she would have given Michael a distinct edge over his classmates if she had taken the principal's advice. The study by Report Bee says being an older child in class is an advantage as a \"positive mindset at a young age will be beneficial throughout the child's life\".School heads said many parents like Annie insist that they admit their child in school even if they don't meet the age requirement. \"We have noticed that the parents are either overambitious or face peer pressure from their social circle,\" said P Vishnucharan, correspondent of Shree Niketan Group of Schools.The study shows that the state insists that parents put children in Class 1 only once they are five years old, but parents push institutions to take in children born in June, who barely make the deadline. This makes these children the youngest in class. July and August-born children are usually admitted the next year, but many private matriculation schools are lenient with the rules and parents often manage to enroll their child the same year. Parents of children born in September are forced to admit their wards only during the next admission cycle.The study concludes that this pattern has reflected in the marks, with the oldest children in class (usually born in September) scoring the highest grades. The study also shows that the second oldest \u00e2\u20ac\u201d born in October \u00e2\u20ac\u201d score slightly less and so on.Parents argue that the difference may be noticeable initially, but younger children may rise to the challenge. However, as Gladwell says, studies have shown that, \"The small initial advantage that the child born in the early part of the year has over the child born at the end of the year persists. It locks children into patterns of achievement and underachievement, encouragement and discouragement, that stretch on and on for years.\"There are practical reasons too. In the event of a tie between students with the same marks, preference is always given to the older candidate. \"School principals have been saying this for several years now. Now we have evidence to prove it,\" Vishnucharan said. With the admission season upon the city, here's a tip for parents: don't try to enroll your child in school early.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380375", "title": "Real estate agent goes missing", "text": "LUCKNOW: A real estate agent was reportedly kidnapped from Khurramnagar area on Sunday evening. Aniruddh Nigam, 38, a resident of Takrohi area in Indiranagar, had gone to Khurramnagar for a business meeting around 8pm driving his Tata Safari car.Nigam told his family members he would return home around 11pm after meeting a prospective client. Family members of Nigam got worried when he did not return even after midnight. They tried reaching him on his mobile but found it turned off. Nigam's relatives were then informed and his SUV was found parked near the Khurramnagar crossing. Nigam was nowhere to be seen.Brijesh Nigam, elder brother of the missing man, approached Indiranagar police in the wee-hours of Monday and told them about the incident. The police registered a case against unknown persons under IPC section of 364 and put Nigam's mobile on surveillance. Police suspect he had gone to meet somebody in Allahabad, the last location of Nigam's mobile being Allahabad. \"Nigam went to Allahabad to meet a farmer regarding real estate deal and some payment,\" said the official working on the case ruling out possibility of abduction. The police also added that family had not received any ransom call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381392", "title": "'State delaying appointing of public prosecutor'", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Monday alleged that the state government was dragging its feet on appointment of special public prosecutor in the Rs 169-crore housing scam case involving former state minister Suresh Jain.In a statement issued from Ralegan Siddhi, Hazare said political pressure was being exerted in connivance with some government officials to ensure that a special public prosecutor was not appointed. Hazare demanded that advocates Nirmalkumar Suryavanshi and Pravin Mahajan, who have thoroughly studied the case, be appointed as special prosecutors till the case reaches its logical conclusion. Hazare has threatened to launch an agitation if the government fails to act in the matter.Hazare said the case was extremely complicated and needed legal experts who have thorough knowledge of Municipal Council Act, municipal account code, public works department manual, Indian penal code sections 409, 465, 468, 471, 120 B, Prevention Of Corruption Act, various resolutions of the state government, Company Act and rules pertaining to audit.\"This is not an ordinary crime. The residents of Jalgaon are still facing hardships because of the scam. The tax paid by Jalgaon citizens is being used to repay the loans taken from Hudco, which were siphoned of in the scam. That is why the residents are not getting even the basic amenities,\" Hazare said in the statement.Hazare said the matter was so serious that even the Supreme Court had upheld the Bombay high court's decision of rejecting bail applications filed by Jain and other accused, Pradeep Raisoni, in the case. \"In view of the serious nature of the case, the state government in January 2012, appointed advocate Pravin Chavan to assist investigations. A chargesheet was filed on April 25, 2012, while a supplementary chargesheet was filed on June 1, 2012. There are many witnesses who need to be examined and massive documentary evidence checked.\"The issue of appointing a special public prosecutor has been pending for several months now. \"The case is being weakened to protect vested interests and we need to raise voice against it. Efforts are also being made to ensure that the accused get bail. It is clear that there are attempts to shied the accused,\" Hazare stated. If the government fails to plead its case strongly enough, it might allow the accused to go scot free. In which case, the onus of its failure would be on the state government, particularly the home department. Hazare pointed out that the accused in the scam were also facing several other corruption cases, worth Rs 650 crore, which include the airport scam, Waghur water supply scheme scam and irregularities in the Jalgaon district central cooperative bank. \"We had to file five petitions in the high court to compel the police to register cases in these scams,\" he added.The then Jalgaon municipal commissioner Pravin Gedam had filed a complaint against Jain and others in the Jalgaon city police station on February 3, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380856", "title": "Scheme workers demand minimum wages, recognition as workers", "text": "NEW DELHI: About 50,000 'scheme workers', majority of them women, from 24 states converged on Delhi's Jantar Mantar on Monday for a two-day maha padao (sit-in protest) organized by CITU, the trade union affiliated to CPM. Among them are anganwadi wokers, social health activists, mid-day meal workers, para teachers, krishak sathis and thousands of women who work in various flagship schemes of the Centre, but are not paid even minimum wages.\"We are fighting for three main demands: recognition as workers, minimum monthly wages of Rs 10,000 with social security benefits, and regularization as government employees,\" CITU general secretary Tapan Sen said.In his last Independence Day speech, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called the mid-day meal scheme the \"biggest scheme of its kind in the world\" and listed the success of ICDS as benefitting mothers and children. He talked about 8.5 lakh Asha (Accredited Social Health Activist) workers helping to implement the National Rural Health Mission.Yet, the women who work in a host of flagship schemes like Asha or mid-day meal or anganwadi are not even recognized as workers.The fear of losing even the paltry sum haunts them constantly. \"Recently, 20,000 mid-day meal workers in Bangalore lost their jobs because the government gave away the scheme to Iskcon,\" said Ranjana Nirula, CITU treasurer.Vandana Gosavi and Nazneen Pinjari are Asha workers from Maharashtra's Nandurbar district. Speaking to TOI, Gosavi said, \"For taking a pregnant woman to hospital, spend the night by her bedside and look after her till childbirth, we are paid Rs 200 provided the mother belongs to BPL category. If the woman belongs to APL category, we are not paid anything.\"They are entrusted with the job of ensuring everyone takes their children for pulse polio and other immunization programmes. \"We conducted a field survey of dengue patients in villages for about 2-4 days. But we were not paid a rupee,\" said Nazneen.An Asha worker earns Rs 700-Rs 1,000 a month. Many of these women are sole breadwinners. \"Can anybody run their house with this money?\" said Kamlesh from Haryana. Except Sundays, they work on all days, including national holidays.CITU plans to submit a memorandum including their demands to the PM urging him to remedy the \"grave injustice\" to these workers who belong to poor and backward sections of society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "17381973", "title": "SP Jain College principal to be removed", "text": "ARA: Complying with the order of the Patna High Court, the Veer Kuer Singh University (VKSU) administration, has ordered for removal of Dharmaraj Singh from the post of principal, SP Jain College, Sasaram.The notification regarding removal of Singh was issued on November 23, VKSU registrar Manoj Kumar said here on Monday. Earlier, on October 9, 2012, a division bench of the Patna High Court comprising Justice Shivkirti Singh and Justice Vikas Jain, while passing a order on a writ petition filed by Congress leader Shashi Kumar Singh, had declared Singh's appointment to the post of principal as illegal. The court had also ordered the university administration to remove Singh from the post.Congress leader Shashi Singh, in his petition had not only challenged the appointment but also alleged that Singh did not have the requisite qualification of 10 years of teaching experience for the post of principal. The Congress leader, in his petition, had also levelled charges of administrative lapses against the principal.Prior to the filing of the writ petition, ex-vice-chancellor IC Kumar had taken action against Singh and had removed him from the post of principal on the direction of the then governor-cum-Chancellor in the year 2005. However, his successor, Ram Pal Singh, on the recommendation of a varsity committee, rescinded all the charges levelled against Dharmaraj Singh and restored him to the post.Singh said he had already filed a petition before the Supreme Court against the order of the high court. He also said his appointment to the post of principal was legal and as per regulations of the varsity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17382174", "title": "Passenger loses bagful of jewellery aboard Alapuzha-Dhanbad Express", "text": "COIMBATORE: A massive search conducted by Railway police on the tracks between North Coimbatore and Avarampalayam on Sunday and Monday, following complaints from a passenger of the Alapuzha-Dhanbad Express who lost a bag containing gold ornaments weighing 89 sovereigns, while standing near the foot board of an unreserved coach, went in vain. According to police sources, the needle of suspicion seems to be pointing towards the 45-year-old passenger himself who claimed to have boarded the train from Coimbatore Junction.Nataraj, hailing from Vadavalli, works in a gold jewellery shop at Raja Street in Coimbatore city. On Sunday he was carrying 89 sovereigns of gold ornaments in a bag to supply to the jewellery shops in Tirupur. The bag went missing when he was standing near the footboard of the train. He contacted the Coimbatore railway police who conducted a search on the railway track.According to railway police, when Nataraj told shop owner Suresh Kumar about the theft, the latter told him to pull the emergency chain of the train. But Nataraj did not stop the train and did not raise any alarm after losing the bag. He was travelling in an unreserved coach of the train. Police found many of his statements contradictory.\"We have received the petition from Nataraj and a detailed investigation is on,\" said DSP S Rajendran, Railway police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17383748", "title": "What I am today is because of Lataji: Bappi Lahiri", "text": "Bappi Lahiri who turns 60 on November 27 speaks to TOI on his musical journeyWhat are your thoughts on turning 60? I feel blessed and very happy. I am surrounded by my loved ones. I've completed 466 film scores. Out of these 400 are Hindi films. At least in Bollywood this record is unequalled. My song Pyar chahiye mujhe har ghadi is the anthem of my life. I want to be loved every moment. Because I love every moment.It's hard to believe you are 60 Ha ha. I don't feel old at all. I've been into music for 40 years. As I look back I feel I am the luckiest music composer in the history of Indian film music. Just look at the artistes I've worked with: my first song Tu hi mere chanda tu hi mera tera in the film Nanha Shikari was sung by Mukeshji. Then I worked with Mohd Rafi Saab, Asha Bhosleji, Kishore Kumar, P Susheela, S Janaki, S.P. Balasubramaniam, Yesudas. Most of all I had Lataji's blessings from the beginning. Whatever Bappi Lahiri is today is because of my parents and Lataji. She's my Saraswati. It was because of her support that Bappi Lahiri could establish himself in Mumbai. Otherwise who would have given Bappi a chance when stalwarts composers like Laxmikant-Pyarelal, R D Burman and Kalyanji-Ananadji were around?How did Lataji help you? I was 4 when in the Eden Garden locality of Kolkata where we lived, Lataji came home and blessed me. I still have a picture of me sitting in her lap. She sang many Bangla songs for my father (Aparesh Lahiri) who was a well-known composer in Kolkata . From then on she has supported me. She sang my first composition in a Bengali film Daadu . If she hadn't sung for me I'd have been swept away by the competition. My first big Bollywood hit score was Aamir Khan's father Tahir Hussain's Zakhmee . In that Lataji sang Abhi abhi thi dushmani and Aao tujhe chand pe le jaaon . Both big hits. That film also had the Asha-Kishore duet Jalta hai jiya mera bhigi-bhigi raaton mein which was a rage. Then there were melodies in the films Chalte Chalte and Aap Ki Khatir (which had the chartbuster Bambai se aaya mera dost) which are hummed to this day.That's how it all began for me.Strangely you reinvented yourself as the disco king to become a super-successful composer in the 1980s in spite of scoring big with melodies earlier? I'd like to say one thing. I've survived for 40 years because I've changed with the times. Now when I am turning 60 I am off for a world concert tour that would take me to Thailand , the US, South Africa...everwhere. Even now when I finish a concert I have to sing Chalte chalte mere yeh geet yaad rakhna , the title song from Chalte Chalte. So somewhere,even when I became synonymous with disco music I continued to compose soft melodies in films like Lahu Ke Do Rang, Patita and Hatya . But what can I do if in Paap Ki Duniya people preferred the massy Tu mera tota main tera maina to the classy Bandhan toote na? But my softer songs in Sharaabi were big hits. Kishore Kumar got two Filmfare awards twice for my compositions.When did you get branded the Disco King? It was in 1979 in a film called Suraksha where I comoposed Mausam hai gaane ka . That started my journey as a disco composer. 1980s and 90s were only Bappi Lahiri.The 'disco' style became unstoppable. Even today that style is in vogue. So many musicians come and gone but Bappi Lahiri's songs are still being remixed. Even now as we speak the songs in the Himmatwala remake are mine. In fact I've even sung in the Himmatwala remake. My songs never dated. I even sang for A R Rahman in Guru and Himesh Reshammiya recently in a film called Shortcut Romeo .You wiped out the careers of other composers including R D Burman? Nahin nahin. Aisa nahin hai. I was accused of plagiarism. But with due respects to the other composers they also copied songs from the West. I don't want to name them. From Zakhmi to The Dirty Picture ,I've survived so long because of the love and good wishes of my fans. I'm releasing my third international number ' Walking On Love Street' . Snoop Dog has sung for me. I may be 60. But the fire still rages inside me to do young music. I know I am wedded to Indian melodies in my soul. But the feet are committed to trendy rhythms. I hope to be making young music even when I am 70.Nowadays one is unable to distinguish the singer from the song? I completely agree with you. I am a singer too. And I can feel the emptiness in the singing world. It's a fact I can't tell who's singing a song these days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381115", "title": "Haste made man hit pump staffer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was his anxiety and haste to escape after being spotted by some relatives of his female friend, who was with him in the car, that made Abhimanyu, a medical student, to press the accelerator to flee the fuel station in Sector 33 on Sunday. And it was this haste that resulted the car hitting a petrol station employee Pardeep Kumar, who was standing nearby.Police arrested Abhimanyu, on Monday, a day after the hit-and-run accident. The car, bearing a Chandigarh registration number that he was driving was also seized. The student was traced through the car's registration number, which was registered in his friend name.Sector-34 police station SHO Diwan Singh said prima facie, Pardeep was standing on the right side of car and was hit when the student took a speedy turn. The injured Pardeep was taken to GMCH in Sector 32 and was discharged on Monday.Abhimanyu revealed during his questioning that he had paid the fuel charges to another employee of the fuel station.A case has been registered. Abhimanyu was later released on regular bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17380428", "title": "Peacenik all set for drive from UK to India via Pak", "text": "AMRITSAR: UK-based peace and friendship envoy for Pakistan and India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Sohail Malik, popularly known as Star Malik, having his roots in Pakistan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be driving all the way to India from London via Europe, Middle East and Pakistan on a peace mission.Starting on December 12 (12/12/12), he will collect messages of peace on his way from all countries en route and hand them over to Indian and Pakistani politicians and authorities. He will also carry messages for the release of Sarabjit Singh and other prisoners of war languishing (PoWs) in Pak jails.Talking to TOI over phone from UK on Monday, Malik said he has always been fascinated with the way European countries have developed after World War II, which ended just before India and Pakistan obtained independence.\"I'll visit 21 countries and travel to 65 cities and towns \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one for every year of Independence that India and Pakistan have enjoyed,\" he said. He said he would deliver peace messages to Ansar Burney, Imran Khan and Amitabh Bachchan . He said he would reach Mumbai in March 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17382226", "title": "Will Modibabu do a Chandrababu?", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380102", "title": "North Delhi property dealer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s family robbed of Rs 35 lakh at gunpoint", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four robbers held the family of a real estate businessman at gunpoint in his north Delhi flat on Monday afternoon and took away around Rs 35 lakh.The robbers knocked on the door around 12.30pm when the victim, identified as Mohammed Shahbuddin, had stepped out of home for work. His wife and two of their five children were alone in the second-floor flat in a four-storey building in B block in Timarpur. The other three children had gone to school.The businessman's three year-old-son opened the door for the robbers while Shahbuddin's wife, Mumtaz, was busy attending to the other child who is six months old. As soon as the boy opened the door, the four masked men entered the flat, armed with knives and pistols, said a senior police officer. They held Mumtaz at gunpoint and asked her to hand over the cash. The accused then tied the hands and legs of the victims and left after threatening them with dire consequences if they made any noise, the officer added.The boy, somehow, managed to untie his mother. She inform police and also called her husband who returned home immediately.During investigations, police came to know that Shahbuddin had got the huge amount from a client after sealing a land deal just a day ago. \"We are suspecting an insider's role who may have tipped off the robbers about the cash in the house. The accused did not try to touch any other valuables in the house. We are, however, exploring all angles and several people are being questioned, including the guards,\" said an officer.A case of armed robbery and illegal confinement has been registered and cops are trying to identify the robbers. They are also looking for CCTV footage in the area and analyzing the call records of several people, including family members, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17380478", "title": "Ambulance owners end strike after cops vow to arrest killer", "text": "GURGAON: After the DCP promised to arrest the accused in the murder of an ambulance van operator and his driver, the city's ambulance van operators ended their strike, which had entered its third day on Monday.Police suspect that Rahul, a former driver of the ambulance owner, is involved in the double murder case. The accused is still at large. \"We have ended our strike after the DCP promised to arrest the accused soon,\" said Vipin Kumar, president of the ambulance van association.A police team is camping in Aligarh to arrest Rahul. Sources said Rahul, a resident of Aligarh, was working with the ambulance van owner as driver two months ago. He left his job after being involved in a road accident that led to a cut of Rs 12,000 from his salary. Following that there was a heated argument between Rahul and the victim, a source said. Rahul was working with another ambulance van owner but after the double murder he went missing.Police found his house locked in Aligarh too. Cops said the murder could have been an act of revenge. A reliable source has confirmed that the call detail report revealed Rahul's number. He had called the deceased ambulance van owner for dropping a body in Darbhanga in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17381329", "title": "73-year-old \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcshocks\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 boy, lands in jail", "text": "KOCHI: An electric fence erected to keep miscreants away has landed 73-year-old Annamma, who resides in Mullakkara in Perumpilly under Njarakkal police station, in serious trouble after an 11-year-old boy accidentally touched the fence.Annamma, who has been staying alone for the last couple of years after her husband's death, was not on good terms with her neighbours and had used her knowledge in basic electric circuitry to erect a 'shocking' fence.But her intention keep troublesome outsiders at bay backfired as the boy suffered serious burns after touching the fence while searching for a ball when he was playing with his friends near her residence.According to police, Annamma, wife of late Antony, has been living a lonely life. Though she had four sons, all of them moved out as they couldn't adjust with their mother. On Sunday, Viswajith (11), son of Gopi Panickassery, got a shock and was rescued by locals who pulled him off the fence. The boy suffered burns on his palms and was hospitalised.Police said Antony, the late husband of Annamma, had run a light and sound shop. It was her experience in handling electric connections that helped her to electrify the fence of her compound. Following the incident, locals staged a protest demanding her arrest and the police were forced to arrest her.\"She has four sons. But none of them stay with her. After her arrest, one of her sons came to the station. He promised to come back soon. But he failed to return and even switched off his mobile phone. We are unable to get in touch with her children,\" a police official said.Meanwhile, Annamma was remanded in judicial custody and has been taken to district jail in Kakkanad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17381480", "title": "Tributes to Karbala martyrs", "text": "KANPUR: Several procession were taken to pay tributes to Hazrat Imam Husain and his followers on Yaum-e-Ashura on Sunday.'Alam' and tazia processions were taken out from different parts of the city which ended at Badi Karbala and Chhoti Karbala in Nawabganj and Gwaltoli.The main procession taken out from Chamanganj, which started from Chamanganj Chauraha and ended at Karbala in Gwaltoli. The biggest 'alam' processions reached Badi Karbala in Nawabganj.Hundreds of mourners, beating chests with hands and chanting `Ya Hussain, Ya Hussain' took part in the processions. Thousands of people cutting across caste and faith barriers lined up on the roads to pay tributes to Hazrat Imam Husain, the grandson of Prophet Mohammad, who was slain in Karbala in Iraq more than 1400 years ago.Yaum-e-Ashoora or the 10th day of Muharram, is observed to commemorate the martyrdom of Hazrat Iman Hussain and his close relatives. Several mourners walked on burning coal to recall the sufferings of Karbala martyrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379726", "title": "All stakeholders consulted on retail FDI: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid continued opposition from political parties over FDI in multi-brand retail, the government has said that extensive consultations with the various stakeholders, were held and \"there is a broad based support for introducing this policy\".The government said that the decision to implement FDI in the sector has also been left on the respective state governments. \"The FDI policy cleared by the cabinet will be an overarching, enabling policy framework and the state governments will be free to take appropriate decision on its implementation,\" commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma said in a letter to state chief ministers before the cabinet allowed global chains to set up shop in the country.The matter, which has been a cause of discussion for various political parties since last November, was put on hold \"till such time a consensus is built with key stakeholder\", the minister had said, after which consultations were held with farmer associations, traders, economists and several others.The decision to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail has been receiving widespread protests since it was announced in September this year. It was finally implemented in September this year after being rolled back last November due to lack of consensus. Sharma said that the opening of FDI in the sector will bring in much needed investments, technologies and efficiencies to unlock the true potential of the agricultural value chain.Especially with Indian corporate entities already permitted presence in the organized retail space, Sharma said the experience over the last one decade has enabled small retailers to flourish along with the large outlets.\"The Indian consumer will undoubtedly gain significantly from this step as they will be afforded much greater choice, better quality and lower prices,\" he had said in the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380381", "title": "Students riot over accident rumours", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chinhat police registered a case against about 500 students of Babu Banarsi Das University for rioting and endangering human life on Monday late noon. On Sunday night, students had run amok on Faizabad road (National Highway 28) opposite the university and kept the highway blocked for almost three hours after a speeding car hit Abhishek Shukla, a B Arch student of the institution. Violent students had set a sedan (owned by additional commissioner of commercial tax department) and a motorbike (owned by a police sub-inspector) on fire in the rampage that ensued and held public to ransom by pelting stones on those attempting to pass from the stretch opposite the university.Students went berserk and transformed into an infuriated mob, reportedly due to indifferent and callous attitude shown by college authorities towards the injured student. \"The refusal of college authorities to not provide ambulance to the injured student flared up the tempers of his friends and students,\" said Nityanand Rai, police circle officer Gomtinagar area, elaborating on the probable trigger.On Sunday evening, Shukla, a B Arch first-year student along with some fellow students had gone to the market at the other end of the highway opposite the university entrance gate. While returning Shukla, who according to the police was talking on phone, was hit by a Maruti WagonR coming to Lucknow from Barabanki around 6.10pm.An inmate of the New Boys hostel located on the university premises, Shukla lost balance and fell on the road. He was rushed to the OPD centre of the dental school located within the university premises and was administered basic medical care immediately but to ensure there were no serious injuries he was asked to undergo some tests. Shukla's leg was badly hurt and he also sustained several injuries that led to bleeding, said Atul Singh, a student of the university.The college authorities, reportedly, did not find Shukla's condition too serious and refused to take him to the hospital in a college ambulance. He was then taken to Ram Manohar Lohia hospital and also to the private Mayo hospital in Gomtinagar, later in a private car. Meanwhile, the college was abuzz with rumours that Shukla had died on the way and the agitated students started running riot within the university premises as well as on the highway.After damaging at least half a dozen vehicles of the university staff, a mob of about 700 students comprising hostel inmates and those staying on rent in Goel Enclave, a cluster of residential apartment blocks located on the opposite side of the university, converged on the highway.Such was the rampage, a huge iron bar (similar to ones put up at railway crossing) at the entrance of the university was broken off and used for blocking the highway. It was 7.15 pm and the stretch of about 500 metres between Reliance fuel station and Tara Ka Purwa area in Tiwariganj was under total siege.Students pelted stones at hundreds of vehicles including state transport buses that were carrying passengers. The policemen were grossly outnumbered by the crowd of students and were also at the receiving end. At least 10 policemen, including inspector of Chinhat police station, were hurt by stones pelted by the mob. Additional force and PAC personnel were called in at the spot to control students who demanded to speak with senior college authorities regarding safety measures to prevent road accidents. The authorities, according to students, turned up an hour after the incident.Shukla was then brought to the spot to pacify students and the WagonR was also seized by police near Matiyari trisection. The driver had fled as soon as the police intercepted the vehicle. Police resorted to minor use of force and disbursed students from the highway.The stretch of the highway was under siege and the entrance area of the university was littered with stones and shattered window panes till Monday morning.\"The allegations of students were baseless and it was the hostel warden who took Shukla to the hospital along with some students. The authorities on learning about the situation reached the university within no time,\" said S K Rizvi, the dean of students' welfare refuting all the allegations.Eyewitnesses share that over hundreds of vehicles were damaged by the mob. R K Kurien a senior commercial tax official who stays opposite Vikas Bhavan in Barabanki was on his way to Kanpur, where he has been deputed. Kurien drove his car into the service lane while trying to safely negotiate the mob who instructed him to stop. The students doused his Swfit Dzire. Kurien and his family members managed to escape unhurt. Motorbike of Ramnarayan Pandey in charge of BBD police outpost was also torched by a group of students while he was trying to control the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17379613", "title": "Mumbaikars hit as weather prolongs Diwali pollution", "text": "MUMBAI: The dropping mercury and rising smog have prolonged the deleterious effects of the air pollution generated by Diwali firecrackers, impacting Mumbaikars' health.Figures from the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board show that nitrogen oxide (NOx) and suspended particulate matter (SPM) levels shot up following Diwali and have continued to remain high. Recordings at Sion revealed NOx levels of 205 micrograms per cubic meter on the day of the festival (November 13) and of 193 units on November 21.Similarly, on Diwali, the SPM levels recorded at Bandra were 280 micrograms per cubic meter; on November 21, they were 171 units. The normal limit of NOx is 80 micrograms per cubic meter and for SPM is 100 micrograms per cubic meter.Experts said the pollutants released into Mumbai's air by firecrackers have remained trapped because of smog. \"Post-Diwali, the pollution levels are always high,\" said Rakesh Kumar, regional director of National Environment Engineering Research Institute. \"This year it is so also because the temperatures are low and there has hardly been any sea breeze.\" Kumar explained the pollution will reduce once strong winds begin.The air near earth's surface is normally warmer than in the upper atmosphere. But, during \"inversion\", there is cold air near the surface, which gets trapped under warmer air. \"At such a time, hot and cold air do not mix easily in the upper atmosphere. Because of this, pollutants get trapped in the lower atmosphere,\" Kumar said.During the monsoon, gases mix in the upper atmosphere and rains wash away pollutants. In winter, however, the dense air does not allow pollutants to escape.Apart from causing irritation in the respiratory tract among general public, doctors noted, the high pollution levels are aggravating chronic patients' conditions. Dr Ashok Mahasur, chest physician at Hinduja Hospital, said the increased pollution will probably continue until February because of low temperatures and inversion. \"Asthmatics and those suffering from bronchitis are finding problems exacerbated. Also, chronic patients are complaining of aggravation of allergies,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17382419", "title": "Jet designer dies after carrier glory", "text": "BEIJING: China's success in managing the precision landing of its J-15 fighter jet on the country's first aircraft carrier on Sunday was overshadowed by the sudden death of Luo Yang, the scientist who had designed the jet. The death was caused by cardiac arrest that took place immediately after the flight landing mission abroad the carrier, official sources said.Luo, 51, was under severe mental pressure to achieve the landing feat, his colleagues have said.\"Luo worked all day and night and bore enormous psychological pressures during those days,\" the official news agency Xinhua based on an interview with Meng Jun, chairman of the State-owned AVIC Shenyang Liming Aepo-Engine (Group) Corporation Ltd said. Luo spent eight days on the carrier from November 18. Xinhua also reported that Luo felt uncomfortable at one point, but didn't ask the doctor for examination. He was busy analyzing testing data and watching the flying and landing processes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17382011", "title": "One killed in encounter", "text": "BOKARO: A villager who came in the crossfire between the police and Maoists at Bhalmara jungle of Upperghat area under Nawadih police station died on Monday.Mystery, however, remains on whether the villager, identified as Dashrat Malhar, was killed by the bullet of the police or of Maoists during the encounter. Postmortem of the deceased was conducted by a medical board, while the district administration conducted a magisterial inquiry into the matter.Following the incident, several hundred villagers headed by Dumri MLA Jaggarnath Mahto, blocked Phusro-Dumri route for four hours. The blockade was lifted after Bermo DSP Santosh Pathak and administrative officials reached the spot and handed over compensation money and promised Indira Awas and other benefits to the kin of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17380642", "title": "Mercury dips below zero in Kelong, makes it cooler than New York", "text": "SHIMLA: With maximum temperature of 5.9 degrees Celsius on Monday, Keylong town of tribal Lahaul-Spiti district in Himachal Pradesh remained colder than New York that recorded maximum temperature of 7 degrees Celsius. Entire state is in the grip of biting cold with natural water bodies and pipes frozen in higher areas of state.Minimum temperature of Keylong on Monday was 3.6 degrees Celsius below zero while New York recorded minimum temperature of minus 1 degree Celsius. Even the minimum temperature of Kalpa in Kinnaur district was higher than New York with minus 1.9 degree Celsius.Himachal Pradesh for last one week is bearing severe cold conditions. Tourist coming to destinations like Manali, Dalhousie and Shimla are enjoying the cold sans snow which has left them dejected. Shimla recorded a maximum temperature of 13.6 degrees while Manali saw mercury settle at 13 degrees Celsius.Temperature is likely to dip further as the met department has predicted rainfall and snow in the higher reaches during next couple of days. Snowfall in the peaks surrounding Manali has already increased the cold.Extreme cold conditions in Lahaul-Spiti have resulted in freezing of taps and water bodies. To keep their houses warm traditional heaters (tandoors) and electric heaters are being used round the clock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17380724", "title": "Hit-and-run victim identified after two days", "text": "CHENNAI: The 60-year-old woman, who was killed in a hit-and-run accident in Alwarpet early on Saturday, has been identified.Meenambal, who lived with her daughter-in-law and grandsons in Kannagi Nagar near Thoraipakkam, had come to a relative's house and was going to board a bus for home when she met with the accident near a flyover on TTK Road, police said. A 10-litre can of kerosene was found next to her body. Her body lay on the road for a long time till it was sent for postmortem but her relatives, whose house is just 250 metres from the accident spot, were unaware of it.Later that evening, when Meenambal didn't return home, her daughter-in-law Dhanalakshmi called the older woman's relative, Natarajan, in Alwarpet and was told she had left in the morning. Natarajan then lodged a complaint. Meenambal used to visit Natarajan's house once every fortnight.Dhanalakshmi's brother M Sivalingam, who lives in Porur, said, \"My sister and I went the Sastri Nagar traffic investigation wing office and were showed a photo of Meenambal on the road. Later, we went to Government Royapettah Hospital and identified the body.\"Meenambal, who lived in a hut in Santhome, was in 2004 allotted a home in the slum clearance board quarters in Kannagi Nagar where she lived with her son Dhanapalan and his family. Dhanapalan died of an illness in 2011 and his wife Dhanalakshmi became the family's sole breadwinner.\"Meenambal enjoyed playing and telling stories to her grandsons Yogeshwaran (13) and Gokulnath (9). My sister is in anguish,\" Sivalingam told TOI. A hunt is on for the vehicle which claimed Meenambal's life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17383525", "title": "German woman dies of heart attack", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore police have handed over the body of 55-year-old German woman Maria Vig, who died of cardiac arrest on Saturday, to her friend in Bylakuppe. The police move follows a communication from the German embassy.Periyapatna inspector Venkatesha said the woman died while travelling in an autorickshaw late on Saturday evening. She is suspected to have died of heart attack. The incident happened when she came to meet her friend in a monastery. \"There is no suspicion in her death,\" the inspector said.The body has been handed over to him in Mysore following a message from the embassy. Vig, a spinster, has been regular visitor to India since 2004. Her mother and sister live in Germany and Japan, respectively, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17379695", "title": "Ill-fated highrise illegal, say officials", "text": "HYDERABAD: The six-storeyed building near Puppalguda that went up in flames on Sunday night killing six people is an illegal structure and does not have any fire-fighting facility mandatory in highrises, authorities said on Monday even as police launched a manhunt for the owner of a godown from where the fire first broke out.Narsingi police slapped criminal cases against the owner of the godown Vijay Kumar, a resident of Secretariat Colony in Puppalaguda, who is currently absconding and chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy ordered a probe into the mishap.The fire department said late on Monday that an electrical short-circuit could have caused the fire as Vijay Kumar had drawn power illegally from a nearby transformer. \"Vijay Kumar supplies costumes, lights and various other props for film and television shootings. To store all the equipment seven years ago, Vijay built a shed in their land located at Puppalaguda, where the fire first broke out and later spread to the highrise,\" Narsingi inspector P Narayana said.Police found his house locked and a team has been dispatched to locate him, police said. The CLUES team of Cyberabad police also collected samples from the accident site and sent for forensic examination to determine the exact cause of fire.Authorities said the apartment 'Baba Nivas' has no fire-fighting equipment in place, no set-back space (as is mandatory under buildings rules) and just one narrow entrance leading to the staircase of the building that houses 10 flats. Not surprising, the fire tenders, pressed into service soon after the accident, were forced to slow down their operations as the cramped doorway proved to be a severe deterrent for the firemen.\"The developer did not have a No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the fire department, as is the rule. Also, despite it being 18 metres high, the residential structure did not have the Airport Authority of India's mandatory nod either,\" said a senior Rangareddy district official.But the apartment complex is not the only one with similar violations in the area. The entire Secretariat Colony in Puppalguda, a stone's throw away from the multi-crore Lanco Hills project, is dotted with such buildings that have no official stamp. In fact the building, adjacent to Baba Nivas also stands on 'shaky' ground. According to locals, if the fire tenders had not reached the spot on time, the fire could well have spread to this building that too is an illegal structure.In fact, by their own admission Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) officials admit that at least 60% of the houses in this area have sprung up on gram panchayat plots that are not regularised and therefore have no permission to sport residential apartments.In a clear violation of the rulebook that allows for only single dwellings (independent homes) to be built on gram panchayat layouts, the locality is seen throbbing with tall buildings, most of which are constructed on a ground+four (ground floor+four floors) format, the authorities add.\"The contractors and builders obtain permission for a three storeyed structure and then keep adding floors to it later,\" said N Kantha Rao, president of the Sri Ram Nagar colony resident welfare association reiterating how the fire could have been averted had the building had enough set-back space around it.Meanwhile, the builder of Baba Nivas, Surender Reddy from Kukatpally is still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17381639", "title": "Lack of foresight", "text": "It is not the first time that UT administration has shifted its priorities, forgetting the crucial proposal of building underpasses on Madhya Marg. A Rs 173 crore plan for an elevated road was finalized between Transport Chowk and Housing Board Chowk but it was dropped in 2008 to make way for an underpass. Unlike neighbouring states where projects get stuck due to fund crunch, poor foresight always leaves UT ventures hanging fire.Related Story  :  Underpass planned to unclog artery", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380177", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal names 23-member national executive", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-graft crusader Arvind Kejriwal on Monday announced a 23-member national executive with the formal launch of his party Aam Aadmi Party (AAP). While Kejriwal was elected national convener of the party, Pankaj Gupta will be the national secretary and Krishna Kanth the national treasurer.The party will have no president or general secretary. Seven more members will be inducted at a later stage taking the national executive's strength to 30. The party will also have a national coordinator who will be elected and a political affairs committee at the national level modeled on the lines of a politburo.Other members of the national executive include lawyer Prashant Bhushan, former news producer Manish Sisodia, Gopal Rai (associated with student politics in UP), Azad Samaj Sewa Samiti president Sanjay Singh, poet Kumar Vishwas, activist Naveen Jai Hind, social worker from JP movement Dinesh Vaghela and psephologist Yogendra Yadav.Delhi University professor Ajit Jha, Tamil Nadu activist Christina Samy, JNU professor Anand Kumar, former UP MP Ilyas Azmi, former journalist Shazia Ilmi, former Arunachal information commissioner Habung Payang, farmers' leader from UP Yogesh Dahiya, workers' leader in Odisha MBN Pannikar, lawyer Ashok Agrawal, IAC activist Mayank Gandhi and engineer and social worker Rakesh Sinha are the other members.The party has not given any position to former law minister Shanti Bhushan as his son is a member of the national executive and two people from the same family cannot hold posts according to party rules.The party will also reserve seats for those from backward communities and women, if found under-represented. As of now, the executive list has two women, Shazia Ilmi and Christina Samy.National executive member Yogendra Yadav said, \"There is less representation from south, it is a deficiency and we should be able to overcome that. This is partly because of the areas where the movement became stronger like north India. That is why an unevenness is reflected here. We hope to make up for that. We have left seven positions vacant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380205", "title": "Ponty Chadha case: PCR\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s failure to prevent shootout will be probed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Questions have been raised in the past week about how the police reacted to the SOS call made from the Chadha farmhouse - 42 Central Drive, Chhatarpur - to the police control room (PCR) at 11.50 am on November 17 and whether the tragedy could have been prevented if the PCR officers had properly verified the information of a brawl that took place before the shootout. The cops have been downplaying this saying that the PCR men did not notice anything amiss.Now, nine days after the shootout, Delhi Police has decided to look into the PCR van's report and logs. A source in crime branch said they have started an 'informal inquiry' into the incident. \"We are at present busy investigating the main incident and questioning Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, but a formal investigation may soon be started to ascertain whether there was negligence on the PCR's part,\" said a senior officer.Investigations have revealed that when the van reached the farmhouse, a man claiming to be one Ram Kumar had come out and convinced the officers that everything was in order.An assistant SI from Mehrauli police station, who was informed by the PCR and assigned to attend the call, had reportedly reached after the shootout and found Hardeep's body. This sequence of events, which has emerged during the fresh investigations, has raised several doubts about the role of the local police and also indicates why the probe was taken away from them at a critical stage.\"Chhatarpur area is a place from where we get a lot of PCR calls about small brawls inside. Usually when we reach there, we talk to people to know what happened. There is a possibility that when the PCR van reached the farmhouse, they were given wrong information,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17379847", "title": "Road from Kolkata to Kunming?", "text": "BEIJING: India and China have concluded talks on the proposed land corridor that would pass through Myanmar and connect Kolkata with southwestern China's Kunming city in Yunnan province. Negotiations on the issue had resumed after three years.Foreign ministry officials from the two countries participated in the talks along with officials from West Bengal and Yunnan last week in Kunming. An action plan approved after the negotiations pledged \"to strive for an effective land corridor between Kunming and Kolkata\".Officials said different possibilities for enhancing both road and trade connectivity between the Chinese province, India's Northeast and West Bengal were discussed.\"The Chinese are serious about this road. We also feel it is important because the road will also connect India to South East Asia beyond Kunming,\" said Kolkata based Centre for Studies in International Relations and Development director Binoda Kumar Mishra, who attended the meeting.Kunming has road connectivity with Thailand , Singapore , Malaysia and Vietnam . Moves are afoot to connect China to most of the South East Asia by rail as well. China has also built a 1,500-km road from Kunming to Mandalay in Myanmar that it hopes will finally lead to the Indian border.New Delhi is looking at a proposal to build a road from Moreh in Manipur to Mandalay skirting Myanmar's Kachin province, and connecting it to the newly-built road from Kunming. The Moreh-Tamu strip, which includes Tamu town on the Myanmar side, is already an active border trading point.\"The Chinese would be happy to get access to the Kolkata port. But India must make sure that the road connects us to South East Asia instead of being a mere trade route with China,\" Mishra said.India has earlier rejected a Chinese proposal to use the old Stilwell road used during World War II for security reasons. It passes through Kachin known to have large number of camps training insurgents active in the Northeast. Besides, the road connects the Indian border in Arunachal Pradesh, which China claims as its own territory.Scholars like Mishra had earlier proposed the revival of ancient Tea and Horse route, which was used as a trade route running parallel to the Silk Road since the 3rd century. But the Chinese rejected the proposal as it connects the Tibetan capital of Lhasa , and Beijing does not want any direct connectivity between Tibet and India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17381583", "title": "High court bench grants father custody of his child", "text": "MADURAI: A government employee has been permitted to take his six-year-old son along with him by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court.P Saravanan of Andipatti in Theni district and Nandhini of Bodi in the same district married each other seven years ago. Their son Sujit is six years old. Due to a family dispute, Saravanan had custody of Sujit since last year.Protesting this, Nandhini filed a habeas corpus before the bench seeking custody of Sujit.In her petition, she contended that her son had been detained by her husband and the court should direct the police to hand him over to her. When the petition came up for hearing before the bench comprising Justices M Jaichandren and S Nagamuthu on November 15, the counsel for the father told the court that the boy's mother had an affair with another person and that the boy was not willing to reside with his mother.He further told the court that an 'adultery' complaint against Nandhini has been lodged with the local police. The police filed a chargesheet in that case and the same was pending before the Bodi Judicial Magistrate court.Besides, a petition seeking confirmation of the child's custody under the Guardian and Wards Act has been filed before the Theni District Court. Meantime, Nandhini filed the habeas corpus, Saravanan's counsel told the court.After hearing this, the division bench ordered that the boy be produced.Accordingly, the child was produced before the court. The boy clearly told the judges that he wanted to go with his father.The court wanted to preclude the possibility that the boy's response had been tutored by the father and hence appointed one woman advocate, J Saranya, as amicus curiae last Friday (November 25) to ascertain the boy's actual wish. Accordingly, three people, Nandhini, the lady advocate and the boy alone were allowed in the registrar's room on Friday.The amicus curiae later told the court that the boy wanted to go with his father and was scared to go near his mother.In its order, the bench said the boy wanted to go along with his father. Both parties can approach the concerned forum for custody of the child. Until then, the father was permitted to take the child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17380020", "title": "I-League: Air India, United Sikkim in battle at the bottom", "text": "PUNE: A beleaguered Air India face an equally troubled United Sikkim in a battle that pits the League's bottom two teams against each other at the Balewadi stadium, in Pune, on Tuesday.While Air India have managed just three points from their last five games, Bhaichung Bhutia's United Sikkim side have picked up just two points in a month that included a massive 10-1 drubbing at the hands of Prayag United.Predictable going down in tough games against East Bengal and Dempo, Air India were handed a breather when their game against Pune FC to be played last week, was postponed in the wake of Shiv Sena leader Bal Thackeray's demise.In United Sikkim, the Mumbai team has opponents who are in troubled waters themselves and would look at it as the ideal chance to revive their flagging season.United Sikkim, meanwhile, wouldn't be wrong in feeling hard done over their 2-2 draw against Pune FC at Balewadi last week. Stunned by a James Moga strike inside a minute, USFC picked themselves up and two goals in as many minutes saw them shoot into an unfamiliar lead only for Moga to equalize in the second half.Not making things easier for Air India is the absence of coach Godfrey Pereira who has opted out over issues regarding formalities over his appointment. The club's sports secretary Dilip Pinge has promised a quick end to the uncertainty but till then, Air India will be at battle without an 'A' licensed coach.The hosts will also be without Prakash Thorat who is one of their better players, after the midfielder pulled a thigh muscle while training last week. \"This could be the most important game in the season for us.We have been playing well against the big teams but don't have any points to show for it. The game against USFC will be tougher than one against any of the big names simply because they are as desperate for points as we are,\" said Anthony Fernandes, Air India's interim coach.In another match, East Bengal will take on Salgaocar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381203", "title": "24x7 supply turns reality", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From constantly worrying about keeping their water storage tanks filled, Chandigarh residents would soon see a day when they would be able to enjoy the luxury of 24x7 supply. The municipal corporation has started work on a new project that entails round-the-clock supply and officials claim they would not need more water than is presently available. Any additional requirement would be met by tubewells, they added.The civic body has adopted the concept after it was discussed during a recent national seminar held in Ahmedabad on 24x7 water supply.One of the major reasons behind going for the non-stop supply plan is to save water from getting contaminated. Experts say experiments have proved that chances of contamination are significantly less in running water.\"When water is supplied immediately and with full pressure, many germs seep into the water through pipes. But this problem is not there in running water,\" said municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh.Initially, the venture would be launched as a pilot project in the rehabilitation colony of Vikas Nagar in Mauli Jagran. The project would be later taken to other rehabilitation colonies of the city. After the colonies, sectors would be covered under the project.The rehabilitation colony has been chosen because there are very less chances of water wastage as these areas don't have gardens that have to be watered and residents don't own big vehicles that need to be washed.Talking about the initiative during the monthly house meeting, municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"There are very less chances of contamination in running water and the basic reason of choosing rehabilitation colony is because wastage is comparatively less. And so, it will be easy to determine the success of the project. In Vikas Nagar, we will construct an overhead water storage tank that will be fed by four existing tubewells and the supply will go directly to the houses.\"When asked about the extra water needed for the 24x7 supply, he said no additional quantity would be required as consumption would remain same. \"Instead of storing water, people will use it as and when required. The additional supply will be made through tubewells.\"Municipal chief engineer S S Bidda said, \"International tests and norms prove that in 24x7 supply system, consumption basically declines instead of increasing because people evade paying more money through water metre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17380898", "title": "Bank did not try to know clients, say investigators", "text": "In the multi-crore bank fraud at the Punjab and Sind Bank in Sector 24, \"Know Your Customer\" (KYC)', a mandatory provision for every bank while sanctioning loans to any customer or client, was completely ignored while sanctioning around 131 loans to the tune of Rs 20 crore. The fraud amount is expected to go much higher according to investigators. KYC requires the applicants to update the bank with their residential addresses, PAN numbers, names, contact numbers and other details going by mandatory guidelines of Reserve Bank of India (RBI).The police probe revealed that accused gang members Karan, Pardeep, Rajmani and Prem had opened their regular accounts in the bank and had applied for loans on the basis of fake names and addresses. Another important provision in the KYC is that the exact market value of the property that is mortgaged with the bank against the loan is to be gauged by tallying the property rates with the revenue department of the particular area and states. The police said that accused manager Rajinder Singh Kalsi did not check the market value of any mortgaged property and sanctioned huge loans against properties of lesser value in Zirakpur, Derabassi and Chandigarh. As a manager, Kalsi was authorized to sanction a loan of maximum Rs 20 lakh, but he even sanctioned loans upto Rs 25 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17382625", "title": "Dharmana to wait for guv\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s decision", "text": "HYDERABAD: Amid the talk that governor ESL Narasimhan may not go by the recommendation of the cabinet in rejecting the CBI request for the prosecution of roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao, the minister has decided not to attend the office on Monday.It was expected that Dharmana would resume his work from Monday following the cabinet decision. On Tuesday, he is scheduled to leave for Vizag. Dharmana has been abstaining from work ever since he submitted his resignation to chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy after he was named an accused in the Vanpic land allotment case.However, health minister DL Ravindra Reddy on Monday expressed opposition to the cabinet decision on the CBI request . His contention was that the chief minister was dragging all the ministers into a controversy by making them party to the decision.Even though many cabinet ministers on record backed the CM's proposal, they are not sure whether the governor would endorse the cabinet view. Meanwhile , sources close to Dharmana said the minister would not come to office till the governor takes a final decision. Dharmana met the CM late in the night to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17381758", "title": "Interference must be dealt with an iron hand", "text": "Not having the requisite licence from tourism department for a shack should invoke stringent penalty and interference by a panch, an ex-sarpanch and MLA tantamounts to preventing a government official from discharging his duties, punishable under law. Such interference during demolition of an illegal structure points towards vested interests and should be investigated. There are many more such illegal structures on the beaches and the tourism department should deal with it with an iron hand.Related Story  :  Netas stop demolition of shack at Calangute", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17381681", "title": "Alastair Cook spoils Dhoni's froth in second Test", "text": "OUTBATTEDPietersen played what many have described as the greatest innings by an Englishman in Asia while Alastair Cook hit his second straight ton. In contrast, none of the Indian batsmen apart from Pujara inspired confidence. His failure in the 2nd innings brutally exposed India's batting.OUTBOWLEDThe English spinners collectively took 19 wickets while giving 329 runs (average 17.3). India's tweakers managed only 9 wickets and conceded 418 runs (average 46.4).OUT-LEDCook has led from the front in this series, scoring 357 runs (average 119) while exuding calm. Dhoni has looked below par while batting and keeping, and his demands for turners have bordered on petulance.WHAT NEXT?Sweeping changes unlikely. Umesh Yadav unfit for 3rd Test. Selectors may consider Piyush Chawla or Amit Mishra. Harbhajan may be stuck on 99 Tests for a while. But India will have to improve hugely in Kolkata and Nagpur to deny England first series win here since 1985.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17381322", "title": "Varanasi ghats loathed with silt and garbage ahead of Dev Deepawali", "text": "VARANASI: If one hopes of witnessing spectacular lighting thousands of diyas on the entire stretch of the ghats across river Ganga on the occasion of forthcoming Dev Deepawali, the hope may be shattered as most of the ghats except the major bathing ghats are still to be relieved from the silt and mud accumulated during floods.A close look at the ghats specially those in the Southern stretch of Ganga on Monday, was enough to highlight the apathy of authorities involved in disposal and removal of silt and mud from the stairs of the ghats.It must be mentioned here that, when machinery and resources of Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) are focusing on world famous Dasaswamedh and other adjoining ghats including Dr Rajendra Prasad, Sheetala and Panchganga ghats, the southern pucca ghats, including the famous Asi Ghat were found neglected. The efforts to get rid of heavy deposits were clearly found lacking on vast stretch of areas near Asi ghat, Tulsi ghat, Malviya ghat, Ganga Mahal ghat, Harishchandra ghat, Kedar ghat. Trail of silt, garbage , slippery mud and aquatic plants were found covering the stairs of northern ghats as well.Bachau, a native at Lalita ghat informed, \"The silt removal work is not very effective. Instead of machines and big rubber tubes, small tubes are used, which is not at all helping in cleaning the ghat but creating slippery conditions for devotees, passers by and locals who have no other option but to walk on slippery mud and silt. A lot of people have already fell down.\"\"The muddy conditions can be easily seen disturbing the scenary of the historical ghats. Tourist often complain about it. Same will happen on Kartik Purnima, when diyas will be seen lighting up at uneven surface,\" informed Shiv, a boatment at Lalita ghat.Conditions were worse in connecting areas of Marnikarnika ghat and adjoining ghats. Apart from silt, heavy deposition of muddy garbage, rotten flowers, garlands and plastic bags were also found at Scindia ghat, Ramghat, Man Mandir ghat, Mir ghat, Gai ghat, Lali ghat and Balaji ghat.It must be mentioned here that around 100 workers of VMC are engaged in silt removing task, that started from the end of September month. Despite the two months extensive drive carried out by VMC with advanced extracting pumps and machines, no difference could be made in improving the condition of ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379879", "title": "NSA Shivshankar Menon plays down China map row", "text": "NEW DELHI: India downplayed the ongoing row with China over boundary lines in passports, saying nothing had changed. Talking to journalists on Monday, national security adviser (NSA) Shivshankar Menon said, \"I think you need to see these things in some perspective. We do have differences on where the boundary lies. We are discussing them. We have made progress in dealing with that.\"Beijing has stirred a hornet's nets by issuing e-passports that show Arunachal Pradesh and Aksai Chin as part of China. Apart from India, China's actions have angered others like the Philippines and Vietnam because the Chinese maps show Chinese control over disputed islands in the South China Sea.Menon said that Chinese documents show their version of the boundary, while Indian documents show \"our version of the boundary\". Foreign minister Salman Khurshid has described the Chinese action as \"unacceptable\". Menon's comments come on a day when India and China conducted their second strategic economic dialogue. Khurshid said, \"\"We, therefore, ensure that our flags of disagreement are put out immediately when something happens. We can do it in an agreeable way or you can do it in a disagreeable way,\" he said.\"What has changed? Chinese have a view on where the boundary lies, which is why we are having discussions on the boundary because we have differences on where the boundary is,\" Menon said. He released a set of books on China studies at the Observer Research Foundation here on Monday.\"Chinese chose to put a watermark on their passports which shows the boundaries as they see it. We show our boundary as we see it on visas that we issue. On our documents we continue to show what we regard as our boundary, they show their claims on their documents,\" he said.India and China, Menon said, were in talks to resolve the boundary dispute. \"We are in the process of agreeing on a framework to settle the boundary and the next step, hopefully the third stage, is to actually agree on a boundary. Right now we are at the second stage,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381156", "title": "'Thrill' draws many to forensic dentistry", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From finding significant clues about rape accused through bite marks, to solving tricky criminal cases, scores of young medial graduates, particularly dentists are taking up forensic dentistry or odontology. The masters degree course started by Panjab University for forensic sciences is getting close to 15-20% such applications where the students hold a bachelors in dental sciences (BDS).\"There has been a lot of demand of professionals with this particular combination (BDS and forensic science) in Australia and so students are enrolling to brighten their chances of going overseas, among other reasons. We have been closely analyzing the background of students who are showing interest in this course and there is a good number of dental students,\" says R K Pathak, who is co-ordinating the course at PU.Nearly 189 applications in all were received in the current academic session for about 20 seats. Curious students look forward to finding clues in cases of child abuse, where tooth marks are common, finding a person's DNA and age through the tooth impression, besides other crucial evidence from bite marks of criminals. \"I have been very interested in joining forensic science. Since there is a very tough competition for masters degree in dentistry and there are limited seats, students are attracted towards forensic odontology,\" says a first year masters degree student, who declined to be named.The courseIt is the study of handling, examining and evaluating dental evidence, which is then presented in a court of law. The field covers themes like individual identification, bite mark analysis and mass identification. Bite marks are usually seen in cases of sexual assault, murder and child abuse and can play a huge role in conviction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382248", "title": "Techie turns novelist with terror thriller", "text": "KOLKATA: 26/11 has touched many lives. For many it has changed the way they looked at life. For Dev Saha, a 31-year-old techie, the horrific carnage, cold-blooded brutality and the mindless deaths left him with several unanswered questions.Was terrorism only cross-border? Didn't we - as a society, as a nation - fail the 166 innocents that were killed? It is these questions that led Saha to his debut novel 'The Brotherhood', a thriller on a 26/11-type coordinated attack on major airports, including Kolkata.'The Brotherhood' is likely to hit the stores anytime now. The novel follows a daredevil Bengali police officer, Ranjit Sanyal, who loses his wife and child in the attack and goes seeking revenge. There is the predictable hue and cry over the attack, but it is here that Saha tries to be different.As the book's title suggests, the 'brotherhood' is all about a cabal of all-powerful politicians and industrialists who virtually run the nation from the background. They thrive on terror because this provides the fodder to their flagship companies to rake in the moolah. They secretly patronize several terror groups. It is when one of these modules turns rogue that all hell breaks loose and it shatters Sanyal's family.The story is about how the brotherhood tries to use the seething anger in Sanyal to hunt down the terrorists. Until the police officer learns the truth.\"The trigger to this book is perhaps the unanswered questions in my mind. I put in some general research and have seen how terror is justified to hike up state budgets, though the reality may be completely different,\" Saha told TOI. \"I always loved to read. I remember one day, when leafing through a book, it suddenly stuck me - why don't I write one myself and bring to the fore the questions in my mind,\" he said. It is with good reason that his novel kicks off with a Mary McCarthy quote: \"In violence we forget who we are.\" It concludes with a promise: Tomorrow is another day.Saha, a Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan alumnus, completed his graduation in computer science and his MBA from Pune University. He is now employed with an IT MNC. \"For nearly eight years I studied and worked in Pune, but Kolkata is my home,\" he smiled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17382852", "title": "Fraudsters use royal family\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s name to grab prime plots", "text": "JAIPUR: The land mafia in the city have found various ways to grab prime properties. Claiming that a particular piece of land was allotted to their ancestors by the royal family of Jaipur , they are grabbing other people's land by producing fake land deeds and forged signatures of erstwhile rulers.In one such incident, one Mahendra Kumar Pungalia, caretaker of Pungalia farm, lodged an FIR at Vaishali Nagar police station stating that some persons barged into the office situated on the farm house on November 9 and vandalized the office.\"The five, who were vandalizing the office, told him (Mahendra ) to vacate the place stating that the farm was gifted to one Baal Singh in 1947 by the ruler of Jaipur, Sawai Man Singh. Later they produced some papers claiming they got the land deed (patta) issued to them in 1953 by the rulers,\" said a police officer of Vaishali Nagar.\"We asked the royal family whether the land in dispute was ever been gifted by them to the persons who claimed so. They told us that the land never belonged to them and thus they can't gift it to anyone. The reply of the royal family has revealed that the accused have prepared forged documents in the name of the royal family. We have registered a case of cheating against six persons,\" the officer said.According to officials of JDA police station, the practice of grabbing prime land by using similar means is not a new thing as earlier a person had encroached a prime land by claiming that it was given to him as per the will of Rajmata Gayatri Devi.Even Rajasthan Housing Board had become victim of such fraudsters in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17382516", "title": "Green tax on diesel cars: Auto sector slams cess proposal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The automobile industry has come out against any proposal to impose an additional tax on diesel cars over environmental issues.\"Diesel is not as polluting as it is made out to be. How can you tax a technology that is very clean and more fuel efficient?\" said Vishnu Mathur, DG of industry lobby group, Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers. While diesel is not a big polluter, there are other industries that need to be checked into, he said, adding, \"What about power producers, the industry and gensets?\" P Balendran, VP at General Motors India, also countered the stand that diesel is more polluting. \"It is energy saving and is more fuel efficient than petrol,\" he said.Mayank Parek, COO at Maruti Suzuki , said that while pollution levels certainly need to be controlled, taxing diesel cars is not an answer. \"It is not only cars that pollute. In fact, their contribution to pollution is very low when compared to other industries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17382715", "title": "Education must be secular, says spiritual leader", "text": "BANGALORE: The good old Indian education system which was meaningful has paved the way for a materialistic system, said the Dalai Lama on Monday.He said: \"Education must be secular and not religious in nature . We have to do some research work on the present education system in India.\"The Dalai Lama urged the old and the younger generation to work together to create a 'happy world and a happy century' .He was speaking after inaugurating Puneeta Khatri's painting exhibition 'Footage of Buddha' at the Welcomart Gallery, ITC Windsor where he also released a book 'Santa gets Bangalored' written by her. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17380108", "title": "Karnataka seeks Telangana model", "text": "BANGALORE: The growing resentment about the possible delay in granting special status to the Hyderabad-Karnatak region, Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar rushed to New Delhi on Monday to press for passing the constitutional amendment bill in this winter session.He will meet MPs and Union ministers from the state and elicit their opinions and suggestions before placing the state's demand before the Centre. \"If necessary, I'll meet the Prime Minister and Union home minister and pressurize them to pass the bill in this session,'' Shettar told reporters at Chimmalagi village in Basavana Bagewadi before leaving for New Delhi.Referring to the criticism that the state's insistence on the Telangana model was delaying the proposal, he said the government's stand hadn't changed. He defended the demand for Article 371D, which provides for special reservation in education and employment.The proposed Constitution (one hundred eighteenth amendment) Bill, 2012 seeks to insert a new Article 371 J in the Constitution to provide a special provision to establish a separate development board for the erstwhile Hyderabad-Karnatak region. The area consists of the five districts of Gulbarga, Bidar, Raichur, Koppal, Yadgir and Bellary to accelerate development, promote inclusive growth and provide for reservation in education and vocational training institutions for domiciles of the region.Why the amendment?After the introduction of Article 371(2), the Marathwada region gained additional financial assistance of Rs 11,801 crore. It promoted economic development there in terms of per capita income higher than the H-K region. After the introduction of Article 371D, due to special provision for education and jobs, the Telangana region is enjoying better position in literacy and employment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380987", "title": "Ex-NSG commando Surender Singh holds forth on 26/11 symbolism", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-graft crusader Arvind Kejriwal was not the only one to tug at the hearts of people gathered at his party launch on Monday. There was a soldier, who seemed to exemplify the popular slogan 'Jai Jawan Jai Kisan.' Ex-NSG commando Surender Singh made his public speaking debut at the gathering, but narrated his plight in an articulate manner.Born in a poor farmer's family in Haryana's Chhara, Singh had seen action in the Kargil war in 1999, was a part of the United Nations Peace Mission to Congo and was later posted in strife-torn Jammu and Kashmir's Bandipore. He was also one of the 26/11 heroes, having gunned down two terrorists during the Mumbai carnage.In spite of his rustic Haryanvi accent, Surender, who is left hearing impaired after a hand grenade explosion during the attack, said, \"While the jawans are sacrificing so much, the funds meant for them are being spent on parties in five-star hotels.\"He also drew people's attention to the symbolism of '26/11.' Surender cited that on the same day in 1949 the Indian constitution was unveiled, but ironically the nation faced a terrorist attack in Mumbai on the same date in 2008. \"Today is also 26/11. It's a very important date and is symbolic of India's journey. I am glad that the AAP is being launched on this date,\" he said.Surender, who along with former India Against Corruption activists, had earlier charged the government of not honoring him and non-payment of pension. On Monday, Surender retorted, \"I have not received a single penny. Whatever is in my account is from my insurance and an amount of Rs 2 lakh that I had got earlier. Information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari's tweet that I have been paid is completely false,\" added Surender.On being asked that he was being considered least experienced in politics, he said, \"Indeed I don't have experience of corruption and crime record politicians have and I don't even wish to have such experiences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380173", "title": "Man gets 2-year jail for causing wife\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been sentenced to two years in jail for causing death of his newly-wed wife through his negligent act of rash driving his car, leading to an accident 13 years ago.Additional sessions judge Virender Kumar Goyal held Nangloi resident Rajesh Gupta (40) guilty of rashly driving his car leading to the death of 22-year-old Geeta with whom he had got married just a month before the accident in 1999.It also imposed a fine of Rs seven lakh on Gupta and said if realized, the amount should be given as compensation to Geeta's parents. The court refused to release Gupta on probation saying the victim's parents have suffered a lot due to the death of their daughter.The court, however, acquitted Gupta and his family members of the charges of harassing and cruelly treating the victim for bringing insuffic- ient dowry at the time of marriage saying police had failed to prove the charges.According to prosecution, the accident occurred on August 15, 1999 when Gupta, who was on his way to Delhi with Geeta, rammed his car into a stationary tanker on Rohtak Road. They were taken to hospital where former was declared brought dead. Gupta had sought a lenient view submitting that he has to support his wife, whom he married after the death of Geeta, and two children and aged mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381622", "title": "Traffic policemen ill-equipped to check road accidents in city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The traffic police have only two speed radars for the entire district in which rash driving takes its toll on many lives. Pointedly, the traffic department has been waiting for interceptors to act sharply against violators.This year so far traffic police has fined over 7,000 drivers in the district for violation of traffic norms especially crossing the speed limit and also marked 27 areas or points as prime accident spots, but it has failed to leave an impact on commuters and the graph of road accident deaths is showing a rise.Till November 15, 2012, over 163 persons were killed in over 340 cases of accidents, which seem to be an increase as compared to the corresponding period last year.Traffic inspector I P Singh points out that speeding or negligent driving was found to be the cause of 65 % fatal accidents. Heavy vehicles were involved in 73 % cases.Of a total of 233 fatal accidents that took place in 2011, speeding and rash driving were the major cause in 149 cases.Within a fortnight of this month, 11 persons died in separate cases of road accidents in and around city.Traffic police here claim they need at least three interceptors to be deployed on city roads and highway. As far as current status is concerned, the police have brought the vehicle but the system was yet to be installed. \"It would take at least six months time to get the first interceptor for traffic police department,\" said a traffic police official, adding, \"We have been making arrangements to use the speed radar to catch those violating traffic rules,\" he added.Bike riders are the most vulnerable in road mishaps in both fatal and non-fatal categories on city streets as compared to other vehicles including the heavy ones.A recent study by the traffic police revealed that out of 340 accidents that took place in the past 10 months on city roads, 60-65% involved bike riders.Further, out of this figure, 90% were those driving without helmet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17381769", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Reddy, Vihari hit big tons for Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a fabulous exhibition of controlled aggression, Hyderabad ground the Mumbai attack to dust at the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium.On the third day of the Ranji Trophy Group A match that witnessed records galore, the young turks of Hyderabad turned the spotlight on themselves.And though skipper Akshath Reddy and Gade Hanuma Vihari fell an over apart in fading light, they had done enough to take the hosts to within 20 runs of the visiting team's first innings total of 443.Refusing to be overawed by the occasion, Akshath, in his first game as captain, and Vihari showed they are cut out for bigger things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17382849", "title": "No probe against ex-judges in case involving Raje, son", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan high court on Monday clarified that there shall be no probe against its three former judges in the alleged land-grabbing case involving former chief minister Vasundhara Raje , her son Dushyant and other officials. The judges were functioning as principal secretary , law, when the incident took place. They later on became high court judges.The order came immediately after Supreme Court issuing a notice to the high court questioning suo motu intervention in the matter and passing order for quashing of the FIR.The order, which also said that police may proceed against the other accused which includes Raje, her son Dushyant, the then officials , was passed on a plea moved by advocate general G S Bapna.In his application, Bapna contended that the final order passed by high court was based on a wrong assumption of his stand. Bapna said that he had conceded that no investigation can be made against high court judges but at the same time he never told court that the FIR against other persons named therein cannot be investigated .In December 2011, the Ashok Nagar police station registered an FIR against Raje, her son Dushyant and other officials pursuant to the orders passed by city metropolitan magistrate no. 11 Ravi Bala Singh Choudhary on a complaint filed by a lawyer Srijina Shreshta and a journalist Babulal from Sikar.It was alleged in the complaint that the government did not oppose tenancy rights granted on a pasture land in 2006 by a revenue court to Dushyant and owing to the influence of Raje as the then principal secretary law (who later became high court judges) took a decision of no appeal against the order of revenue court and conspired with Raje and her son to help them amass huge property at Dholpur.Justice Mahesh Chandra Sharma took a suo motu cognizance of the FIR and stayed investigation on the count that it has virtually named three high court judges as co-conspirators in alleged conspiracy favouring Raje and her son. Later in September, the division bench, after recording statement of advocate general Bapna, the quashed the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17379858", "title": "Auto driver ran over 2, gets two year imprisonment", "text": "BANGALORE: A 25-year-old goods vehicle driver, who ran over two persons, including a student, was convicted by second metropolitan magistrate's traffic court and was sentenced for one year imprisonment. He was also asked to pay a fine of Rs 10,000.BS Naveen Shivanna of Talaghattapura main road in Kanakapura had run his vehicle over pedestrians on 5th main, Upparpet on the morning of July 9 2010. While Sanjay Kumar , a student, died on the spot, Shivaleela Nelavagi succumbed to her injuries a few days later in a hospital. Three other pedestrians had escaped with minor injuries.Then Upparpet traffic police inspector H CJagadish arrested Naveen Kumar and had filed a charge sheet against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17381397", "title": "Special trains to Jaipur to continue", "text": "HUBLI: South Western Railways will continue running weekly Garib Rath Express special trains between Yeshwantpur-Jaipur-Yesvantpur (Train numbers 06511/06512).Train number 06511 Yeshwantpur-Jaipur Weekly Garib Rath Express special will depart at Yeshwantpur at 05-20 hrs on Sundays, commencing from December 2, 9, 16, 23 &amp; 30 and arrive at Jaipur station at 04-15 hrs on Tuesdays.En-route, the Garib Rath Express will depart from Tumkur at 06-30 hrs, Arsikere at 09-00 hrs, Birur at 09-44 hrs, Davanagere at 11-42 hrs, Haveri at 12-37 hrs, Hubli at 14-15 hrs, Gadag at 16-45 hrs, Bagalkot at 18-50 hrs, Bijapur at 21-05 hrs, Hotgi at 23-35 hrs, Solapur at 00-15 hrs. (Monday) Daund at 03-45 hrs, Pune at 05-15 hrs, Lonavala at 06-12 hrs, Kalyan at 07-48 hrs, Vasai Road at 09-10 hrs, Vapi at 10-44 hrs, Valsad at 11-11 hrs, Surat at 12-15 hrs, Vadodara at 14-20 hrs, Anand at 14-56 hrs, Nadiad at 15-17 hrs, Geratpur at 15-47 hrs, Ahmedabad at 16-30 hrs, Sabarmati at 16-47 hrs, Mehsana at 17-40 hrs, Palanpur at 19-40 hrs, Abu Road at 21-15 hrs, Falna at 22-32 hrs, Marwar Junction at 23-45 hrs, Ajmer 02-10 hrs, Madar at 02-25 hrs and Kishangarh at 02-44 hrs.In the return direction, 06512 Jaipur-Yesvantpur weekly Garib Rath express special will depart from Jaipur at 15-30 hrs on Tuesdays, commencing from December 4, 11, 18, 25 and January 1, 2013 and arrive at Yesvantpur at 15-10 hrs on Thursdays.En-route, the train will depart from Kishangarh at 16-52 hrs, Madar at 17-19 hrs, Ajmer at 17-40 hrs, Marwar Junction at 19-40 hrs, Falna at 20-22 hrs, Abu Road at 22-10 hrs, Palanpur at 23-40 hrs, Mehsana at 00-57 hrs, Sabarmati at 02-32 hrs, Ahmedabad at 03-30 hrs, Geratpur at 03-50 hrs, Nadiad at 04-13 hrs, Anand at 04-32 hrs, Vadodara at 05-20 hrs, Surat at 07-43 hrs, Valsad at 08-38 hrs, Vapi at 08-55 hrs, Vasai Road at 11-00 hrs, Kalyan at 12-35 hrs, Lonavala at 14-15 hrs, Pune at 15-45 hrs, Daund at 16-50 hrs, Solapur at 19-50 hrs, Hotgi at 20-10 hrs, Bijapur at 23-25 hrs, Bagalkot at 01-25 hrs, Gadag at 03-50 hrs, Hubli at 06-50 hrs, Haveri at 07-50 hrs, Davanagere at 09-02 hrs, Birur at 10-40 hrs, Ariskere at 1 1-45 hrs and Tumkur at 14-04 hrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17381919", "title": "Government should take their demands seriously", "text": "It is a matter of concern that those who hold the key to the success of so many government programmes have such shabby working conditions. These are the people without whom India's objective of meeting the Millennium Development Goals can never be achieved. Without their wholehearted effort, the poorest sections of our population in particular will remain deprived of essential services like basic healthcare, nutrition and education. Surely, it is not unreasonable for them to ask for a more decent wage and some kind of job security. The government should take their demands seriously, not only because they deserve it but because India's poor need them.Related Story  :  Overworked ICDS workers paid measly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17381302", "title": "New head of IB took on dacoits on first day as SP", "text": "BHOPAL: Syed Asif Ibrahim, 59, who had joined as superintendent of police (SP) in 1983 in undivided Morena district is the first Muslim to become the head of Intelligence Bureau (IB) in India. As the SP, he took on dreaded dacoit gang of Ramesh Sikarwar to rescue captives on first day of his joining.The 1977 batch IPS officer of MP cadre had worked in different capacities --from SP in three districts of Madhya Pradesh to special director counter-espionage in cyber cell. There was no looking back for him after he went to the Centre from the state on deputation in 1986.Sikarwar gang had abducted 17 passengers from a bus of Taneja Travels on February 26 in 1983. Despite several attempts, the police had failed to free the victims. Ibrahim joined as Morena SP on March 6 and the same day he received a tip-off about the dacoits and hostages.\"He managed to rescue 7 hostages after a fierce encounter. It was a brave effort on the part of SP,\" recalls one of his batchmates V K Panwar, director general (community policing). He was known for dedication, he added. Panwar and many others, who knew Ibrahim, had no answer to why Ibrahim never returned to MP from his central deputation.In his stint as SP in Gwalior district, he hit the headlines. In 1986, it was during his posting as SP, arms licence was issued from Gwalior to filmstar Sanjay Dutt , who was later arrested in Mumbai for illegally possessing as AK-56 assault rifle.A high-level inquiry was constituted by the then Director General of Police (DGP) R P Sharma to probe the circumstances under which the licence was issued to Sanjay Dutt, who was not a bonafide resident of Gwalior. \"The then SP (Ibrahim) had nothing to do with it, it was a mistake on part of the administrative authorities,\" said a police officer wishing anonymity.He joined as Gwalior SP on January 15 in 1986 and continued till June 16 in 1987. This was his last posting in MP. Before Gwalior, Ibrahim has served as SP Ratlam also.His first central posting was as an OSD to late Madhavrao Scindia , later worked as the OSD to Mufti Mohammed Sayeed. For his selection as the IB chief, the Centre has overlooked three officers including his own senior -- Yashovardhan Azad - in the MP cadre. Ibrahim, who, currently, is special director IB after return from London , where he served as minister (coordination), has been with the agency for nearly three decades after he left MP in 1987.The 1977 batch IPS officer of MP cadre had worked in different capacities --from SP in three districts of Madhya Pradesh to special director counter-espionage in cyber cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381860", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation plans Vivekananda memorial at Ambazari overflow point", "text": "NAGPUR: With stated aim to boost tourism, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has proposed to set up a Swami Vivekananda Memorial at Ambazari lake's overflow point which is also the point of origin of Nag river. If the project materializes as planned, citizens may get a view that would remind them of famous Vivekananda memorial at Kanyakumari.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari proposed and prepared the project. He told TOI that the plan was to execute and complete the project in 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary year of Swami Vivekananda which begins from January 2013. \"The bhoomipujan will be performed in January 2013 and it would be completed by March. Rs 2.75 crore have been proposed for the project,\" he said.Tiwari said the Ambazari lake will be visible in the background of the statue of Swami Vivekananda. \"The statue will be 20 feet high, probably biggest in entire Nation. Its pedestal will also be 20 feet in height. It will be located at the waste weir point of the lake. A view point will be constructed adjacent to Gajanan Maharaj temple situated on other side of the overflow point. A bridge-like structure made of iron will be constructed on Nag river so people could walk from view point to statue and back. A staircase will be constructed up to the statue,\" he said.The standing committee approved the project and funds for it on Monday.Right now, though, Ambazari lake's overflow point is lying neglected. It has tall shrubs and grass. NMC usually clears the shrubs just before Ganeshotsav for setting up immersion tank on a temporary basis. If the ambitious project becomes a reality, the memorial along with lake, garden and adjoining Krazy Kastle may become a big attraction for visitors.NMC is hoping the project would be executed by famous sculptor Ram Sutar who carved and installed 19 idols in Parliament premises and has worked on similar projects in several nations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17381974", "title": "Plea to hike allocation in health sector", "text": "PURNIA: \"The government will have to hike allocation in health sector so that better health facilities can be available to the people at the grass-root levels and people could enjoy good health,\" said eminent surgeon Dr A Hai of Patna at the 32nd annual conference of Bihar Chapter of Surgeons Association, here on Monday.Hai, formally inaugurated the scientific session on the second day of the 32nd conference, further told newsmen that the government should also provide premium for the health insurance of the BPL (below poverty line) people so that they could adequately avail the facility. Besides, the corporate hospitals should widen their net and make them accessible to the 'aam admi' so that life can become easier for them, he added.While the Delhi-based surgeon Sunil Shroff threw light on the multiple organ problem and kidney transplantation , Anil Poddar of Kolkata spoke on the new technologies in terms of breast cancer problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17382147", "title": "Laws fail to bring down dowry deaths", "text": "RANCHI: As many as 192 dowry death cases in Jharkhand between January to July this year has indicated that the Dowry Prohibition Act, 1961 is not very effective in the state. Dhanbad tops the list with 35 cases in seven months, while nine cases have been registered in the capital between January to July.Speaking to TOI on the \"national anti-dowry day\" on Monday, Jharkhand Women's Commission chairperson Hemlata S Mohan said, \"Many cases related to exploitation for dowry have come to the commission and it is still a very disturbing factor. The commission is continuously trying to curb this evil by organizing various seminars and workshops to curb this evil. The youth should also become aware of the evil and protest against the dowry system.\"The officer in charge of women's police station, Helen Soy, refused to be quoted on the matter saying she had taken over recently. Another official of the police station said, \"In Ranchi, there are fewer exploitations for dowry compared to other districts. In many instances, the dowry cases are solved by counselling and a case does not have to be filed.\" Section 3 of the Act says giving or taking dowry is a crime and anybody who gives or accepts dowry will be imprisoned for minimum five years or will be fined with Rs15,000 or the amount of dowry, whichever is higher.State head of the Unicef Job Zachariah said, \"Dowry system is the main reason behind child marriage and also for not educating the girl child as many parents think that since they have to give dowry and marry off their daughter, so why spend money on her education.\"City youths though have become more aware of the evils of dowry and are against it. Manish Ranjan, a student of St. Xavier's College, said, \"I am strictly against the dowry system. I have already told my parents that they should not demand dowry when I get married.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17380403", "title": "US firm asked to set up maize research centre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab government has asked the US-based Monsanto Hybrid Seed Company to establish its research centre to undertake extensive R&D; for the production of high-yielding hybrid seeds of the maize in the state.Monsanto's CEO India Region D Narain in a meeting with chief minister Parkash Singh Badal said the company had developed heat-tolerant hybrid maize varieties for the northern region, especially Punjab, adding that the firm had focused to develop maize varieties for kharif season in order to provide a viable alternative to paddy in the state. He said they would also make all out efforts to develop high yielding soya bean seeds in their endeavour to boost diversification of agriculture in the state.The chief minister directed the vice-chancellor of Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), Ludhiana, to provide technical data and logistic support to enable Monsanto produce quality hybrid seeds best suited to the climatic conditions of the state.A high-level committee, headed by the chairman of Punjab Farmers' Commission Dr G S Kalkat with financial commissioner development (FCD) G S Sandhu, adviser to agriculture Dr Balwinder Singh Sidhu and director (agriculture) Dr Mangal Singh Sandhu as members, has been constituted to work out the modalities for developing high-yielding varieties and maize seed in tandem with the US firm besides aiding them in set up research-cum-seed testing centre at the earliest.The committee has also been mandated to suggest self-sustaining marketing mechanism to ensure hassle-free marketing of maize to the farmers. The state government has planned to reduce the area under paddy from 28 to 16 lakh hectares in a phased manner over a period of six years. Initially, it is purposed to bring nearly four acres of this area to maize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17382301", "title": "Illegal Ballygunge 'club' razed", "text": "KOLKATA: An illegal 'club' that had sprung up on a pavement at Ballygunge Park has been demolished, days after TOI reported how residents were being harassed by men frequenting the shed. Barely a hundred yards from the mansion where chief minister Mamata Banerjee confers with leading industrialists every year, the club - a 10-foot-long enclosure built with cardboards and bamboo poles - was razed much to the relief of locals, who had lodged an informal complaint with police.On November 20, TOI had reported that the club was turning out to be a menace in the posh neighbourhood where several other encroachments have come up.What used to be just a shed for pavement-dwellers till a couple of years ago was turned into a club a few months back. While the cardboards and the bamboo poles that formed the walls have been pulled down, the roof remains. Some bamboo poles, too, haven't been removed.\"We are relieved that the club has been demolished. Residents have nothing against a shed for pavement-dwellers, but the club had become a nuisance. Outsiders were strolling into it and creating a ruckus till late into the night. Let us hope it will not be rebuilt,\" said A Mallik, a resident.Even though the 'club' has been razed, at least half-a-dozen other shanties remain untouched. They have been built by rag-pickers and serve as both shelters and storehouses for them. \"They are an eyesore, apart from being a threat since they, too, are frequented by ruffians. These should also be pulled down, at least the ones which are being used to store these rags,\" said a resident.The 'club' had come up right next to the entrance of 29/9 Ballygunge Park. The address is less than hundred yards from 27 Ballygunge Park where chief minister Mamata Banerjee holds her annual meeting with the city's business community.Residents of multi-storey buildings on the road had been feeling threatened by the club's activities. Some alleged that they were being prevented from parking their cars along the pavement. A resident of 29/9 Ballygunge Park alleged that he was asked to move his car immediately since it was blocking the club's entrance. \"They threatened me with dire consequences when I said I would be driving my car away in 30 minutes. 'Move your car now', one of them shouted at me,\" he said.Liquor bottles were being tossed into building complexes from the club.Last week, residents were pleasantly surprised to find that the club was gone. \"Barring the roof, the rest has been pulled down. The only worry is that it's easy to build the portion that has been demolished. It can be done in hours, without much trouble. And if that happens, the outsiders will be back again,\" worried a resident.Ballygunge has been a victim of encroachment in recent months. Pavements along Syed Amir Ali Avenue have been taken up. A row of shanties and shops have come up. The encroachments continue till Park Circus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381478", "title": "FTII dazzles at Goa film festival", "text": "PUNE: City-based Film and Television Institute of India has made a strong presence at the International Film Festival of India in Panaji, Goa. And it is significant, particularly when the country is celebrating the centenary of Indian Cinema, a statement issued by the institute said.Apart from the two diploma films - Afterglow (Kaushal Oza) and Allah is Great (Andrea Iannetta) - selected for the non-feature section of Indian Panorama, IFFI has offered a special section for FTII films for the second consecutive year. The section featured five films, including Prabhat Nagari Film 1 (Aman Wadhan), Juju (Sujata Chowdhury), Green Balcony Aunty (Faisal Rahman), Tatpatchat (Vasudev Keluskar) and Tapish ( Rakesh Sharma ). All the films were made during this year.Also, GRAFTII, an association of graduates of FTII, has an offer from IFFI to screen a package of FTII films, the statement said. Accordingly, this section will screen at least 55 recent films, which will include a number of films by students and which have won accolades at national and international film festivals. For example, Udedh Bun (Siddhartha Sinha), has won a Silver Bear at the 58th Berlin International Film Festival, 2008. Aadmi ki Aurat Tatha Anya Kahaniyan (Amit Dutta) was honoured with special mention in the competition section of Horizon (Orizzonti Section) - 66th Venice International Film Festival held in September, 2009. Vaishnav Jan Toh... (Kaushal Oza), second year dialogue exercise, had bagged the best student film, short fiction, (Gold) award of Indian Documentary Producers' Association (IDPA) in 2009, the statement said.Another interesting feature of this section is films by women students of FTII. Rizwan (Deepti Khurana) has won special jury mention at the 5th International Short and Documentary Film Festival of Kerala, which was held in June. Saanjh (Jasmine Kaur) won national award for best film on family welfare, Dhin Tak Dha (Shraddha Pasi), Shyam Raat Seher (Arunima Sharma), best cinematography national award and Pune International Film Festival, and Echoes of Silence (Reema Borah), national award for best music, to name a few.Apart from films made in Hindi and English, the section also highlights some of the best films made in other Indian languages, for example, Kaatal (Marathi, Vikrant Pawar), Ekti Kaktaliyo Golpo (Bengali, Tathagat Singha) and Vadhakramam (K M Kamal). The section also includes works by some students who have made a mark as professional filmmakers in the Indian entertainment industry, the statement said.This category includes Three of Us and Gaarud by Umesh Kulkarni, who, after passing from the institute, has made three feature films in Marathi, including one for Amitabh Bachchan's AB Corp. When This Man Dies by Arun Sukumar, who has recently directed a commercial Hindi film for Rajshri Productions, will also be screened, the statement added. The festival will go on till November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380889", "title": "India to take London lessons in urban planning", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has shown keen interest to learn from London's experience in allowing high density and vertical development along major transport corridors. Urban development minister Kamal Nath on Monday said a delegation of experts from London would visit India next year to share their experience and expertise with Indian experts in urban planning and development.Addressing media persons after a round table with London mayor Boris Johnson here, Nath said London had gone ahead with transit oriented development (TOD), higher floor area ratio (FAR) and density. He said London and Delhi could engage together on planning, heritage management and a whole lot of issues in the field of urban development.\"London has very successfully been able to have a lot of regeneration. One of the ideas we are trying is transit oriented development and London has gone ahead with this,\" the minister said.He added that a delegation from London, including experts from various disciplines, would visit India next year and there would be discussions on issues like transport, metro and other areas related to urban development.Johnson said planners and executing authorities must ensure that public transport is put in place before housing starts in any region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17380844", "title": "Cong-BJP unseats LDF in Maranallur", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a rare gesture of camaraderie, the Congress and BJP joined together to vote for a JSS candidate and ensured that the LDF lost the reins of the Maranallur panchayat near Kattakkada.Two CPM members allegedly 'wasted' their votes to help the Congress-BJP strategy. The CPM district committee expelled Eruthavoor Chandran, former panchayat president, and K Rajendran, member of Kilikollur ward, from the party following the election debacle. Chandran, who claimed an error rendered his vote invalid during the president's election, later voted for the CPM's vice-president candidate.A L Sanal Kumar, a JSS-backed independent, was elected the president. He won 10 votes while CPI candidate N Bhasurangan won nine. One member of the CPM - K Rajendran - abstained from the voting citing illness. Eruthavur Chandran cast an invalid vote. CPM's Bindu Sreekumar was elected the vice-president. Chandran's resignation to fulfill an agreement between CPM and the LDF constituents necessitated the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17381552", "title": "Security beefed up around assembly", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Security has been stepped up in and around the assembly in view of its winter session, starting Tuesday.Altogether 32 platoons of force have been stationed for the smooth conduct of the assembly session.Senior police officers, including DGP (headquarter) Sanjeev Marik and DCP Nitinjeet Singh took stock of the security arrangements on Monday.For the first time the commissionerate of police has installed CCTV cameras at strategic locations to keep a tab on rallies and demonstrations.\"We have taken adequate security measures. Surveillance cameras would monitor movements of people at the dharna place,\" Marik said.Police attributed the installation of CCTV cameras to September 6 mayhem during the Congress rally on Mahatma Gandhi Marg, the designated dharna venue in Bhubaneswar.Assembly sessions always draw a large number of civil society organizations to hold rallies and demonstrations near the house to press for their unfulfilled demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17381565", "title": "Pyarimohan, Harichandan surrender LPG connections", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the last date of November 30 for conforming with KYC (know your customer) norms for suspected list of domestic consumers of cooking gas nearing, people are queuing up to submit their extra connections with gas agencies. Hosts of politicians and bureaucrats are among those surrendering their connections in haste.Former minister and senior BJP leader Biswabhushan Harichandan converted one of his two connections into non-subsidized category cylinders on Monday. Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra has e-mailed his distributor about his intention to surrender one of his two connections. Under the revises norms, one family can have only connection to avail subsidized LPG.\"Harichandan had sent his men to do the official formalities of converting one of his connections into non-subsidized category while Mohapatra has emailed me about his surrender plan,\" said S B Mohapatra, an LPG distributor and president of Odisha LPG Distrubutors Association (OLPGDA). Around 100 people have surrendered their connection with the same distributor.Sources said around 2,000 people have submitted their connections to their agents in the city by now. Their number would be around 30,000 in the entire state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17381366", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTextile business potential stalled by ignorance\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "VARANASI: A cluster-level dissemination workshop on environment, occupational health and safety, social security and market linkage was organised by the Human Welfare Association (HWA) in association with European Commission and All India Artisans and Craftworkers Welfare Association (AIACA), New Delhi on Monday. The workshop was organised under the South Asia programme of Sustainable Production and Sustainable Consumption practices in Textile sector.Addressing the participants of the workshop, Mayank Trivedi, an expert from New Delhi said that due to lack of a resource-cum-facilitation centre in Varanasi, weavers and artisans in the region are bound to face various problems. He said nine districts of eastern UP have enormous business potential in the field of textile and handicraft. The Banarasi silk industry is doing a business of Rs 400 crore annually while carpet industry of Bhadohi has annual business of Rs 4000 crore, he said, adding that the annual business of metal craft is Rs 100 crore, pink enameling Rs 100 crore, wooden toy industry Rs 20 crore, jari and embroidery Rs 100 crore, and other small and cottage industries are doing business of Rs 2000 crore annually. About 32 lakh weavers and artisans of these districts are associated in these industries, he informed.However, he said despite the availability of government schemes for the artisans, they face problems due to lack of awareness about matters related to design, technicality, environment, health and safety, credit cards and market linkage.Speaking on the occasion, the assistant director (handloom) KP Verma said as many as 14 clusters of handlooms are functional in Varanasi, Mirzapur and Chandauli districts. These clusters benefit 10,000 weavers right from production to marketing, he said, adding that the weavers could be benefited in a better way with the availability of a resource centre.Over 100 representatives from various districts including Mirzapur, Bhadohi, Sonbhadra, Chandauli, Jaunpur, Azamgarh, Mau, and Varanasi took part in the workshop. The workshop was also addressed by the general manager of district industry centre UK Singh, assistant director (handicraft) AK Mishra, and HWA president Dr Rajni Kant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17379588", "title": "Telcos report rise in subscriber base after two months", "text": "CHENNAI: After two consecutive months of net fall in the subscriber base, October has brought in growth in net new connections.As per the Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI) data, the increase is marginal at 0.04% growth in subscriber numbers in October compared to September or an addition of 0.2 million users. Prior to September, operators were busy knocking off inactive subscribers, which resulted in a decline in net additions. The numbers fell by 7.1 million in August and by 1.9 million in September COAI data said.\"It is primarily on account of the festive buying,\" said an analyst with K R Choksey, Archana Shivane. \"It could have been better if not for the negative numbers due to Uninor going out.\" Uninor contributed to a fall of 1.11 million users while Videocon numbers fell by 59,151 users due to license cancellation.Except Uninor and Videocon, rest of the telecom players showed increase in net subscriber addition. Bharti added 0.49 million subscribers, a growth of 0.26% followed by Vodafone which added 0.48 million subscribers, a growth of 0.31%. Idea's net subscriber base increased by 0.2 million subscribers while Aircel added 0.17 million net subscribers. Total subscriber base stood at 671.9mn.\"The growth in subscriber addition is commendable considering the recent tariff hike and withdrawal of freebies by major incumbents. The soft response to the 2G spectrum auction clearly indicated financial concerns faced by wireless players and we believe consolidation in the industry will happen sooner than later. However current overcapacity in voice segment remains a concern on the revenue growth front\", said the institutional research firm K R Choksey's report on October subscriber data. Shivane said that November data is likely to be better, especially for Airtel and Vodafone, compared to October on account of festive buying in the month of October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17380977", "title": "260 slum kids watch inspiring film", "text": "NASHIK: Salesians of Don Bosco screened a film for underprivileged children as part of the 'Young At Risk' (YaR) Day all over India, on Monday at a multiplex. The YaR national forums decided to celebrate this day on the theme 'My Education is my Right'.The Salesians in Nashik have been tasked with promotion of education of every child and protecting their childhood. This was done by the community of Salesian Training Institute (STI) with Father Lloyd Rodrigues as the co-ordinator.They gathered 260 children from the underprivileged section from Kamgar Nagar, Godavari Nagar, Siddharth Nagar, Kasturba Nagar, Chunchale, Jagtapwadi, Ganesh Nagar, Sadguru Nagar, Swarbaba Nagar, Satpur, Anandvali, Sharanpur and the Remand Home for the movie, Delhi Safari.Before the screening, Father Solomon Rapol (the rector and novice master of the Institute), spoke to the children about they being the future of the country have the right to be educated. He stressed on education of girls.The animated 3-D film showed how animals defend trees and the environment and how builders are trying to capture their land and construct buildings in Mumbai. The animals take a train to Delhi and convey their point to the authorities.\"The purpose was to promote awareness and acceptance in society and by society. The expression 'Young at Risk' (YaR) embraces children and young people whose safety, growth and development are put at risk especially the runaway children, school dropouts, rag-pickers, street children, child workers, young drug addicts, orphans, those abandoned, abused or exploited. The Don Bosco Project for the YaR enables them to get back to normal life with a sense of self-reliance and dignity,\" said Father Lloyd.The film was screened at the same time in nine centres all over India in Kolkata, Mumbai, Chennai, New Delhi, South Bangalore and Nashik. During the film, the children excitedly shouted slogans of 'Halla Bol'. They said the film had inspired them and that they could do something by getting an education.Father Ashley Miranda, Brother Rickson Fernandes, Brother Romero D' Souza, the novices, and the lay collaborators like Monica Kunoth were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17381240", "title": "Chicken prices in Kochi move north again", "text": "KOCHI: Chicken prices in the city have started climbing after hitting an all-time low following the recent bird flu scare. The price was hovering around Rs 100 a kg when bird flu cases were reported from Karnataka last month. The state government decided to impose a ban on chicken and egg from the neighbouring states of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.Subsequently, demand for chicken and related products from restaurants fell and the flu scare further reduced the price, which fell to Rs 40 a kg in two weeks. Things didn't change for the better after the state government lifted the ban for poultry from Tamil Nadu.\"Prices declined sharply as chicken arrived in bulk quantity from Tamil Nadu after the government decided to revoke the ban on chicken from the state. The sale of chicken had fallen when it started arriving from Tamil Nadu again. The bulk arrival of chicken along with bird flu scare brought down prices sharply,\" said Sabeena Sebastian, who owns a chicken stall in Vypeen.But the prices have now picked up again and dealers are hoping it would rise further in the near future. \"The demand for chicken is normally high during the months of November, December and January. Though the price had came down recently, over the last few days it has reached over Rs 75 a kg,\" said Sunil Kumar S K, a wholesale dealer in the city.He also said that the demand from restaurants has gone up after more than three to four weeks. It is expected to rise further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17381463", "title": "Illegal supply of rice: Driver held", "text": "VASCO: A truck driver, Anwar Sagar, 30, was booked by Verna police in connection with illegal supply of rice at Sancoale on Monday evening.Vasco civil supply inspector Datta Sakhardande lodged a police complaint stating that a truck loaded with 270 rice bags had left the civil supply's Sada depot for Nuvem but halted at Sancoale for distributing bags. Vigilant people noticed Sagar distributing nine bags in a house at Sancoale. Police are now probing further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17381306", "title": "MP to pioneer renewable energy projects", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh will become the pioneer state in generation of solar, wind, small hydel and biomass energy in the country. New projects of renewable energy are being set up in the state at a rapid pace. This information was given at a review meeting of the New and Renewable Energy Department chaired by CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Monday.Chouhan said that it is necessary to encourage renewable energy on a large scale with a view to making Madhya Pradesh energy-rich. He directed installation of solar plants in government buildings. He also instructed to speed up the installing of solar streetlights in selected streets of major cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17381602", "title": "Vanishing act: Temple City loses ancient shrine", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If you are a lover of monuments in Odisha's state capital and plan to record their beauty for posterity, do so fast. Bhubaneswar, going by historians, could be losing its famed temples at an alarming rate: three temples a year.If two accounts prepared by different history scholars during the last 100 years are considered authentic, around half of the temples have vanished from the seat of political and administrative power in the eastern state. \"There are some five hundred temples scattered here and there in and near Bhubanesvara (sic),\" wrote Mano Mohan Ganguly in his book, Orissa and Her Remains (1912). This is regarded the 'first systematic survey of religious structures' in Bhubaneswar.But, professor of history, Utkal University, Sadasiba Pradhan, says when he undertook a survey three years back he could find not even half the number mentioned by Ganguly. Pradhan, in his book Lesser Known Monuments of Bhubaneswar (2009), has documented 199 monuments, including 160 temples. This is in addition to the 37 'protected monuments', comprising 22 under the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) and 15 under the state archaeology wing.\"Ganguly is an authority on the subject. There is no other record available and his account is considered authentic. If his statement is to be believed, we have lost more 300 than temples within the past century,\" Pradhan told TOI on Monday.Another expert B K Rath, a retired superintendent of state archaeology, says a number of temples have gone since Bhubaneswar became the state capital in 1948. \"According to traditional belief and ancient accounts there were 1000 temples in Bhubaneswar. Numerous shrines got damaged between the 16th century and early 20th century. Then after Bhubaneswar became the capital city a good number of temples have been vandalised or destroyed,\" Rath contends, citing the example of Gokarneswara at Mahabhoi Sasan in Sisupalgarh area which is no more seen in its original form and a new shrine has come up.Pradhan feels those temples which have vanished were 'definitely not big ones'. \"What is more worrisome is that many temples are not being treated with due reverence,\" he rues, indicating the inadequate conservation efforts by government agencies and wanton encroachment of different shrines by private individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17381762", "title": "Kazirgram salutes 26/11 braveheart", "text": "SILCHAR: Kazirgram, a small village near the railway township of Badarpur in southern Assam's Karimganj district, on Monday remembered the martyrs and victims of the 26/11 terror strikes in Mumbai in 2008.The villagers also saluted Zakir Hussain (27), a youth from the village who helped save two-year-old Moshe, the son of his employers - Gavriel Holtzberg and wife Rivka - on the dreaded night in Mumbai.Zakir was a cook at the Chabad House (earlier known as Nariman House), a Jewish community centre in Colaba owned by the Holtzbergs. Gavriel and Rivka, along with four guests, were killed during the militant attack on Chabad House on the night of 26/11. Zakir, however, managed to escape with baby Moshe and Sandra Samuels, the Holtzbergs' nanny, after surviving a 13-hour ordeal even as intermittent firing continued in the building.Residents of Kazirgram, 40km from here, had accorded Zakir a hero's welcome home when he came back to the village in 2009, 38 days after the incident. Despite witnessing the carnage, Zakir, with his never-say-die spirit, returned to Mumbai and is busy in his job there at present.On Monday, the fourth anniversary of the attacks, Zakir's native village remembered the 166 people who fell to the indiscriminate bullets of 10 Pakistani terrorists during a 60-hour siege - India's most wounding terrorist attack - in far away Mumbai.People of the village during the day prayed for the victims and remembered them. At the same time, they saluted Zakir's bravery. \"I'm proud of my son and his courageousness is an inspiration for youths of the country. I'm also happy that Ajmal Kasab , the only terrorist involved in the attacks to be caught alive, was hanged recently. This should have been done earlier, but better late than never. Allah has heard my prayer,\" said Zakir's mother, Fatima Bibi, on Monday.Meanwhile, Binode Kumar, DIG (southern Assam range), on Monday said the day passed without any untoward incidents in this part of Assam, which shares a 124-km international border with Bangladesh.\"Apart from the border police who maintain the second line of defence, the BSF always maintains a strict vigil along the border. Therefore, there was no need of any extra vigil on Monday. Everything is peaceful here,\" said the DIG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380392", "title": "Railways to run more trains with fog safety device", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways will continue with the trial of fog-safe device, and more trains will be made to run with the device this winter. The Railway board in 2011 had decided to install a fog-safe device in all the trains on the chosen sections of north-eastern railway, to cut down the impact of fog on their run. The trial will continue this year too in Lucknow division of NER.The GPS-based fog-safe device alerts the driver about the approaching signal and the driver can reduce the speed of the train after the pre-warning. Almost 280 kilometre-long Lucknow-Gorakhpur route of NER had got 133 fog-safe devices installed on some 110 mail/express and goods trains. As the fog advisory has been issued for this year, more trains including those on the Sitapur-Burhwal route will be provided with the device. \"Last trial was successful. Though it will still not be the only device for the driver to depend on during fog, Railways has decided to put it under extended trial this time,\" said a senior NER official. Fog-safe device underwent trial on certain sections of North Central Railway and Northern Railway, before being put for trial in NER.The system of the fog-safe device has to be planned as per the route. It gets ineffective if installed on some other route, without planning. In case it is put to random use, without any planning, it does not issue any warnings regarding the signal. This is because the information regarding the signals on the route is fed into the device.At 2 kilometres from each signal, it issues a pre-written warning to the driver. And, as soon as the train reaches 500 metres from the signal, it announces the approaching signal number on the speaker.The device is advanced, as compared to traditional fog-signal technique, yet it is not a fool-proof device. It only informs the driver about the approaching signal and not its colour. The driver can not depend on the device to know if the signal is red or green. However, knowing that the signal is approaching, he can always reduce the speed of the train. Though Railways will put the device to extended trial this year, traditional methods like fog-signalling will continue to remain in practice to alert the driver about the signal during fog.The device has been designed on the specifications of RDSO by a Delhi-based firm. Every unit costs nearly Rs 37,000. The drivers who will be handling the device are being trained by training inspectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379097", "title": "Paramilitary forces skeptical of using satellite phones in anti-Red operations", "text": "NEW DELHI: With government planning to give satellite phones to anti-Naxal forces in nine Maoist-hit states in place of setting up of elaborate mobile telephony infrastructure to communicate in remote areas, paramilitary forces are skeptical about its desired impact.Anti-Naxal forces say satellite phones will help forces communicate among themselves better, but won't help bolster their intelligence. Forces wanted cellphone infrastructure in remote areas and even jungles so that they could not only communicate among themselves but also get real time information from their intelligence network. Currently, informants pass on information from dense jungles in Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand manually, at times leading to crucial loss of time botching up operations.Forces feel, a cellphone infrastructure will also lead to locals using devices and consequently open a window for electronic surveillance boosting intelligence.Sources said one of the biggest hurdles in conducting effective operations in Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand is lack of communication infrastructure. \"We don't want just to communicate among ourselves, but also want our informants to pass on information in real time. On several occasions, the information reaches us so late from our network that we are unable to conduct operations,\" said an official with the CRPF, the principal force engaged in anti-Maoist operations.Sources said, for effective operations cellphone infrastructure is as important as roads connecting remote villages. Forces also believe that communication network for all will add to the efforts of ushering in development in Naxal-affected areas drawing tribals closer to the mainstream and reducing influence of Reds on them in the long run.\"It will also aid trade in these regions and make life easier for locals. All this will contribute to fight against Naxals,\" said another officer from the force. From intelligence point of view too, said sources, thanks to cellphones' availability villagers will talk among themselves about whatever information they may have on Naxals and this may be tapped into through electronic surveillance.Due to financial constraints and threats to cellphone towers from Naxals, a telecom commission panel has suggested use of satellite phones among forces in place of setting up mobile telephony infrastructure in remote Maoist-hit areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17381594", "title": "ASI official takes stock of antiques seized in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Two-and-half months after the City Crime Branch (CCB) police uncovered priceless antique objects, an official attached to Archeological Survey of India (ASI) from Srirangapatna visited the apartment and inventoried the seized objects, on Monday.ASI assistant director Krishna listed the objects and verified as to how many objects of the over 1,000 seized objects were antiques. The official was assisted by CCB ACP Shashikumar and his team during his visit to a block in Sankalp apartment in VV Puram police limits.CCB officers said a five-member panel attached to ASI (Bangalore) will visit Mysore to assist the investigation officers next week. They will certify whether the seized items are antique. Based on their report, the CCB officers will file a chargesheet against Arun Kumar, the accused.\"Some objects are said to be as old as 800 years, but they cannot be declared as antique without proper certification,\" the ACP said.CCB police had on September 9 raided an apartment block belonging to Arun and seized hundreds of traditional objects, including coins, sandalwood, ivory and bronze objects. The coins are said to be from the Cholas period.A complaint was filed against Arun at VV Puram Police station under various sections of Antiquities and Art Treasures Act (1972), Karnataka Treasures Trove Act (1962) and Wildlife (Protection) Act (1972).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17382180", "title": "RBI drags MS University to court", "text": "VADODARA: In a biggest setback to its repute, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has filed a civil suit against M S University (MSU) demanding recovery of Rs 97,63,000.Country's central bank has moved Ahmedabad court demanding recovery of the corpus fund worth Rs 50 lakh which it had given to the state university in 2002 to constitute a RBI Chair at the department of banking and insurance at faculty of commerce.It is worth mentioning here that having a RBI Chair is a matter of prestige for all academic institutes. MSU was the only state university in Gujarat and among other few universities across the country which was selected by the RBI for financial assistance for promoting external research.With Reserve Bank pulling itself out from MSU, IIM-A and the Institute of Rural Management, Anand (IRMA) will be the only two institutes in Gujarat to now have the prestigious RBI Chair.Apart from Rs 50 lakh that it had given to MSU as corpus, the Reserve Bank has also sought recovery of Rs 47.63 lakh - the interest calculated on the fund since last 10 years.Though MSU had formed a RBI Endowment Unit from the Rs 50 lakh corpus fund, the unit was defunct with the university not even bothering to appoint a chair professor since 10 years now.RBI in its civil suit has stated that the purpose for which it had released the corpus has not been fulfilled as the RBI Chair is vacant. It has observed that the fund given to MSU is a \"liquidated damage\" as the terms and conditions of the agreement between MSU and RBI have been breached.The petition also mentions that RBI had sent letters to MSU in 2003, 2004 and 2005 insisting that MSU complies with the terms and conditions of the grant given by the Reserve Bank and also submit annual plans and reports. It was only in 2007 that MSU sent a formal reply to RBI communicating that as it had found \"no suitable candidate\" for appointment as RBI chair professor, the corpus be allowed to be used for research purpose.In its petition, the Reserve Bank has alleged that without its permission, seminars and workshops were organized from the corpus.Shocked by RBI's sudden move, MSU officialdom is now seeking explanations from those responsible for handling the RBI unit at the campus.Interestingly, when dean of Faculty of Commerce, was asked for an explanation, he informed the university officials, that he has never been kept in loop regarding the unit's activities.\"We have called for a meeting of the unit in-charge, member secretary, all head of departments of Faculty of Commerce and dean with the vice-chancellor on Thursday,\" MSU's officer on special duty (registrar) Amit Dholakia told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17381414", "title": "Ringing in the night", "text": "Chants of 'Vithal Vithal jai hari Vithal' and 'Gyanba Tukaram' reverberated across Margao throughout Monday night as the dindi procession of Shree Vithal-Rakhumayi wended its way from the Shree Damodar Saal to the Shree Vithal-Rakhumayi temple at Comba. Noted classical singers Manjusha Patil and Amol Bavdekar enthralled the audiences at the gaayani baithaks (devotional recitals) held at three points of the route. The dindi procession will return to Shree Harimandir on Tuesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17382072", "title": "'MSMEs in Bihar needsupport from all corners'", "text": "PATNA: About 95% of the industries in Bihar fall under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) category, of which, according to a recent RBI report, only 5% were exposed to banks.Difficulty in obtaining capital, inadequate and unreliable power supply, zero access to modern technology, dearth of latest information and lack of market and infrastructure were outlined as the major reasons for the dismal growth of MSMEs in the state, at a conference for \"Facilitating Finance for MSMEs in Bihar\" here on Monday.\"MSME sector is at a very nascent stage in Bihar and needs much more aid than just finance\", said, Satyajit Singh, CEO, Shakti Sudha Makhana, at the meeting of entrepreneurs and bankers of the state. He suggested the formation of a task force of stakeholders of MSMEs under the government that would address the reasons of sickness in the sector and recommend solutions for its development in a time-bound manner.Minister of industry and disaster management, Bihar, Renu Kumari Kushwaha, who was the chief guest on the occasion, assured the delegates of the state government's help and said, \"These conferences enable us to deliberate various aspects of MSMEs. However, it's time to take such coffee-table assemblage to villages and districts so that the actual stakeholders are be able to benefit from it.\"The minister lambasted the financial institutions who assure of help at such platforms but get into \"technicalities and formalities\" when entrepreneurs approach them to seek finance. Kushwaha said, \"We have also sent a proposal (to the Centre) for establishment of an institute in the state that would be a skill development and training centre for food processing industries.\"Also present on the occasion was RBI general manager C S Azad, who informed the participants about the customer-friendly \"Application Tracking System\" by the Union government, where loan applications and their status tracking could be done online and the banks would have to give reasons if they decline finance. \"However, only a few banks have started it and it is still in pipeline at most banks,\" said Azad. He added that RBI had altered the definition of \"sickness\" on November 1 to recognize sick MSME units early and take necessary action to revive them.MSME Development Institute director Pradeep Kumar said, \"Credit-Linked Capital Subsidy Scheme (CLCSS) and Credit Guarantee Fund Trust for Micro and Small Enterprises (CGTMSE) are two schemes of the government where bank loans up to Rs 1 crore are given without any collateral. However, even bankers are not quite aware about the schemes.\" He added that awareness programmes for bankers would be held in four districts, including Patna, Bhojpur and Bhagalpur.The daylong conference was organized by the PHD Chamber of Commerce of Industries (PHDand Central Bank of India. Also present at the conference were Debjit Talapatra, director (states), PHDCCI, Pushpa Chopra, president, Bihar Mahila Udyog, K P S Keshri, president, BIA, A K Mallik, director, department of industry, Bihar and S C Singh, zonal manager, Central Bank of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17382143", "title": "Activists question rationale of jumbo camp", "text": "COIMBATORE: Elephants lovers and activists are upset that the HR&CE; department officials returned the body of Bhavani, the 52-year-old elephant that died within hours of arriving at the rejuvenation camp near Mettupalayam, to Rameswaram without conducting an autopsy. Some of them have also challenged the rationale of conducting a centralized camp by subjecting elephants to more than 12 hours of continuous travel on ordinary trucks.\"Before organizing this sort of a camp, the organizers should have contacted Animal Welfare Board of India, which is headquartered at Thiruvanmiyur in Chennai. Their guidelines on handling elephants clearly proscribe transporting them in trucks for such a long distance. Even in the case of allowing elephants to walk, it permits a maximum of 20 km a day and that too with 6 hours of rest after completing every three km,'' says V K Venkitachalam, elephant expert and president, Animal Rights Protection Organisation. Stressing the need for an autopsy by expert veterinarians and a through probe into the incident, Venkitachalam said his organization would consult legal experts to initiate proceedings against the officials, who, he alleged, tried to cover up the incident.Venkitachalam pointed out that the aged elephant had travelled more than 400 km at a single stretch in a truck without any barricade to hold on for balance. As the truck was moving fast, twisting and turning on the way, the weighty elephant must have struggled hard. In such situations, the body weight of the animal would be concentrated on its three legs resulting in severe stress and uneasiness, he said. \"The uncomfortable journey may have affected its lungs creating severe respiratory problems. In the case of Bhavani, it hails from the coastal area with dry atmosphere and saline water. The sudden exposure to the foothills of the Nilgiris in Mettupalayam and the fresh water in the Bhavani may have also complicated the situation. The mahouts have done a big blunder by allowing it to bath in the river the same day it arrived. Each elephant needs at least two three days to adjust to the changes in climate and topography,'' said Venkatachalam.N I Jalaludheen of The Nature Conservation Society said they had visited the camp on Monday morning after hearing about the elephant's death. Officials and mahouts were tightlipped and there were visible attempts to cover up the incident. Autopsy and an independent probe are required to know the real truth, he says. \"If the elephant was died of natural reasons, why did they send the body back to Rameswaram in a hurry?'' asks Jalaludheen.K Mohan Raj of Tamil Nadu Green Movement has also accused the officials of not revealing the entire truth. \"The officials we contacted told us that the elephant was alive even when it was leaving Mettupalayam and it was sent back only because its condition had got worse. Why did they transport the elephant back to Rameswaram if it was alive? The camp has the best veterinarians in the state. Forcing a sick elephant to travel to Rameswaram without treating is like forcing it to die,'' he said.Environmental activists have planned a protest meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17382671", "title": "Do a good turn, donate organs", "text": "BANGALORE: After four years of frequent hospitalization for a heart complication, Reena Raju got a fresh lease of life in the form of a transplant. Now, she's wants to tell the world more about this spirit of giving.\"Those who fear death can never live. Choose to live, choose to give,\" is the philosophy Reena, 31, lives by.Reena was diagnosed with dilated cardiomyopathy in 2006. Patients with this condition are given anywhere between a year to five years to live. Reena suffered from breathlessness and vomiting. In November 2009, doctors suggested that she undergo a heart transplant. She was registered with the Zonal Coordination Committee of Karnataka (ZCCK) and her family members also registered themselves as organ donors. Miraculously, Reena received a heart a few days later, on November 19, 2009. The first woman in Karnataka to receive a heart has been hale and hearty ever since. The story didn't end there; it was the beginning of a new chapter. \"I wanted to create awareness about the cause of organ donation. I'd received a new life from an unknown person. This inspired me to start an organization to work for organ recipients,\" said Reena.\"We found there was hardly any awareness about organ donation. People were shy of donating organs for various reasons, including religious beliefs. This made me more determined and in March 2011, we began Light A Life \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Reena Raju Foundation,\" she said. Reena's twin sister Roopa, her friend Vinita Rebello and individuals from various backgrounds are involved. \"We also have the support of cardiothoracic surgeon Dr KM Cherian ,\" said Reena.\"Our only source of income is donations from corporates, philanthropists and fundraising events. The Foundation has approval from the income tax department ,\" said Roopa.The Foundation also raises funds through music performances by Reena and her fiance Raj. \"We've been able to help three heart and one kidney patient,\" said Roopa. At the 'Recipient Club' , patients can share their experiences which are featured on its website, social networking sites and YouTube .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17380793", "title": "Supplementary budget of Rs 5,861.30 crore presented in the UP assembly", "text": "LUCKNOW: State has now additional responsibility of raising the extra resources as well to expedite the use of budget, which is now set to cross Rs 2 lakh crore.Rs 300 crore allocated for the Kanya Vidya Dhan, Rs 125 crore goes for the Lohia Rural Housing Scheme, which already contains a huge budget of around Rs 600 crore with a spending rate of only 5 per cent so far. Rs 125 crore allocated for the development fund of legislators, who are now allowed to give as much as Rs 25 lakh in one go for treatment of injured depending on their conditions under amended rules.Farmers' loan waiver scheme for which Rs 400 crore have been allocated. This is besides Rs 10 crore earmarked in the form of grants for the UP cooperative bank on its loan provided at 4 per cent interest rate to marginal farmers. A sum of Rs 100 crore is earmarked for the development of the Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Village Scheme.Rs 16.40 crore earmarked for giving pension to those arrested during the period of Emergency imposed by former prime minister late Indira Gandhi in 1975.Rs 139 crore allocated to fund the Rani Laxamibai Pension Scheme for those belonging to below poverty line. A new state level award instituted in the memory of Samajwadi Party leader Janeshwar Mishra for handloom weavers contains a dose of Rs 3.19 lakh.Rs 50 lakh allocated for paying electricity bills pending against power loom weavers and Rs 133.27 crore for the Kumbh Mela preparations.Kannauj, Mainpuri given preference where a host of new development projects, including polytechnic colleges, girls colleges, hotels are also proposed with over Rs 500 core budgetary provisions.For the maintenance of CM's 5 Kalidas Marg residence, Rs 28 lakh are allocated. As compared to this, Rs 50 lakh are allocated for the maintenance of legislators' residences, Rs 21 lakh for estate department's colonies for officials and Rs 25 lakh each for meeting the cleanliness expenses of Dar-ul-Shafa and state guest houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17379559", "title": "India needs to strengthen ICDS to tackle malnutrition in children: GAIN", "text": "HYDERABAD: India needs to tackle the problem of malnutrition among children now, otherwise it might lead to more expenditure on healthcare later and a drop in GDP by 3%, top Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition (GAIN) officials said on Monday.\"The targeting of schemes here like ICDS (Integrated Child Development Scheme) needs to be better in order to reach children from rural areas and poverty-ridden families. There are lots of challenges with the scheme and it will definitely be a major point of discussion for us,\" said Marc Van Ameringen, executive director at GAIN, which was created at a special session of the United Nations General Assembly on children in 2002.GAIN in India is helping millers in both private and government sectors in several states fortify wheat flour, oil and milk with iron, folic acid, vitamins and minerals to tackle malnutrition.Currently, the organisation is investing around $1.8 million besides providing technical assistance to AP Foods for centralized fortified blended food (FBF) production for supplementary nutrition programme of the ICDS.Efforts are on to replace palm oil with the healthier soya bean oil in households. Another ongoing project is the mid-day meal scheme in association with Naandi Foundation across five states including Andhra Pradesh for which GAIN has granted $2,77,200 and is trying to provide fortified wheat flour and fortified biscuits to students.\"The first 1000 days from the birth of a child are the most important in terms of nutrition to ensure a healthy adult life, and ICDS currently misses out on this important period,\" Ameringen added, ahead of a key global board meeting in Hyderabad.Van Ameringen's comments come months after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called malnutrition in India \"a national shame\" and said the country cannot rely solely on ICDS to fight the problem.In 100 districts with the poorest child development indicators, over 40% of children were underweight and almost 60% stunted, according to the HUNGaMA survey report 2011 on malnutrituion, which prompted the PM's remarks.Jay Naidoo, a former minister in the Nelson Mandela cabinet in South Africa and Chair of the Board of Directors at GAIN, said recent reports have projected a drop in GDP by 3% if the problem of malnutrition is not tackled soon in India.\"The cost of ensuring proper nutrition to every child in that period actually works out cheaper than what the government has to spend on healthcare for the country's poor who are suffering from various ailments, especially diabetes and heart problems,\" said Naidoo, who is also chairman of the GAIN Partnership Council.\"Therefore, shifting the focus to this initial period (first 1,000 days) will help save the nation's money,\" Naidoo said, adding that since around 40% of the world's total malnourished and stunted children are in India, nearly half their work needs to be done here.Officials said that they were in talks with Heritage and Vijaya Dairy to enable supply of fortified milk at affordable rates in the state and were also trying to facilitate supply of fortified rice in the state.Naidoo and Ameringen also suggested industrialising the model of providing food through ICDS by handing it over to players capable to eliminate corruption and middlemen with vested interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17381520", "title": "Ukrainian tourist dies at Arambol", "text": "MAPUSA: A Ukraine national died at Arambol-Pernem on Monday evening.Pernem police said Reva Andre, 33, had gone for a swim at Arambol. On seeing Andre struggling in the water, lifeguards rushed to his aid and managed to get him out of the sea. He was then rushed to a nearby hospital where he breathed his last. Pernem police booked a case of unnatural death and sent the body to Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, for an autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381781", "title": "Contingency plan against Kumbh disasters", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With an eye on eventualities like bomb explosion, stampede, burn injuries and drowning, health department has come up with a QRMT (Quick Response Medical Team) plan to offer medical services to victims under its disaster management strategy as part of preparation for Maha Kumbh 2013.The department is setting up 300 quick response medical kits (QRMKs) each for explosion, stampede, burn injuries and drowning during Kumbh and medical teams equipped with the kits would be available at central hospital, zonal hospitals and other first aid posts being set up on and around the Kumbh campus.Officials are going to offer medical services and shift injured to hospitals and if there is delay, medical teams would act on stay and play policy. The motive behind adopting both sorts of policies is to offer immediate medical treatment to victims.Joint Director and in charge of medical services, Kumbh, Dr Major BP Singh told TOI \"we have prepared the medical plan under the disaster management and QRMT aims to offer emergency medical services as well as shifting victims to nearby hospitals at the earliest.He added the department had drafted triage plan and under the first stage, victims in need of urgent surgery and resuscitation would be shifted to hospital. Under the second state, patients or victims who need emergency surgery and resuscitation would be taken to hospitals and under the third phase, the remaining of those who have minor injuries would be shifted to hospitals.Medical teams equipped with QRMKs, doctors, para-medical staff and ambulances would be deputed at strategic locations apart from central and zonal hospitals.The health department would be setting up a control room and all senior medical officers and others including emergency medical officer, clerical staff, pharmacist, ward boys and drivers would be following the set guidelines for emergency services.The senior medical officers would be ensuring conversations with authorities of prime hospitals including SRN, TB Sapru, MLN district hospital, military hospital for their support.Each QRMT has adequate human resource including one medical officer, one pharmacist, two ward-boys, driver and ambulance with radio set. A total of 37 ambulances would be deployed on strategic locations and 20 more ambulances would also be given a day before and a day after of main bathing days.The QRMT, apart from offering medical assistance to victims, would also clear airway and make continuous respiration process. Secondly, teams would also be making efforts to check cases of excessive bleeding as well as making arrangements for injecting intra-venous fluid. Medical teams have also been assigned to keep adequate stock of life saving drugs and injections and shift patients especially those who have fractures to hospitals by applying replant. The medical officers would also be preparing medical papers without any delay and apprising major hospitals for necessary arrangements to treat the patients.Dr Singh said a 100-bed central hospital was being set up at Sangam wherein a total of 47 specialists including eye surgeon, gynaecologist, orthopedic surgeon and ENT surgeon would offer medical services round the clock. Similarly, 10 zonal hospitals with capacity of 20 beds would be set up on kumbh mela campus and there would be two separate infectious disease hospitals (20 beds) and one police hospital ( 30 beds) have also been set up on Kumbh campus. Besides, 20 first aid post (FAP) have also been set up to offer medical assistance to patients.Pointedly, the central hospital has all the facilities including pathology, X-ray, auto-analyzer, ultrasound, dental chair and minor operation theatre to cater to the needs of patients.Meanwhile, director general (family welfare) Dr S T Hussain on Monday reviewed family welfare programmes carried out in urban pockets and also visited work of other health projects to check the quality of work being done by USHA health workers.While inspecting slum located at Circular road, the director general talked to USHA, aganbadi workers and beneficiaries of family planning schemes. USHA apprised the DG about their work and difficulties being faced by them while taking up projects besides talking about their achievements.Beneficiaries on the occasion apprised officials that they were not aware about family planning methods earlier but have been adapting them since USHA didis approached them.DG, family welfare said he was glad to know changes taking place in slums and said there was urgent need to spread awareness across the state. He advised health workers to approach pregnant women in their areas and apprise them about medical facilities available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17379761", "title": "Govt pursuing bribery allegations in VVIP chopper deal: Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is \"pursuing\" the allegations of kickbacks in the Rs 3,546-crore VVIP helicopter deal, which was inked in February, 2010, but has not ordered a formal inquiry into the case due to lack of any specific information of wrongdoing till now.The Indian contract to acquire 12 three-engined AW-101 helicopters from the UK-based AgustaWestland, a unit of Italian major Finmeccanica, apparently figures among the ongoing investigation by Italian prosecutors into alleged financial malpractices in Finmeccanica and its subsidiaries.India has taken up the matter with both the Italian and British governments, which included the handing over of an \"aide memoire\" after summoning the Italian envoy here, but is yet to get any concrete information.\"The defence ministry is constantly pursuing the matter and is committed to take suitable penalty measures in the event of allegations being substantiated. However, in the absence of any specific information in this regard, the government has not ordered any formal inquiry into the case so far,\" said defence minister A K Antony, in a written reply to Lok Sabha on Monday.The AW-101 helicopters, which will be used by IAF to ferry around President, PM and other VVIPs, will be armed with self-defence systems like missile-approach warners, chaff and flare dispensers and directed infra-red electronic counter-measures to protect the passengers on board. They are to be delivered between January and July, 2013.\"The contract for the procurement of the 12 helicopters contains the standard clauses relating to penalties for use of undue influence and against employment of agents and agency commission,\" said Antony.\"Any breach of these provisions entitles MoD to cancel the contract and all or any such contracts with the company and recover the amount of loss arising from such cancellations. It may also entail imposition of penal damages and forfeiture of bank guarantees,\" he added.MoD also has inked a pre-contract \"integrity pact\" with the vendor, which provides for invocation of contractual provisions in case any wrongdoing is established as well action under the relevant provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act and the Indian Penal Code.Italian authorities are said to be investigating whether a commission of 51 million euros was allegedly paid by AgustaWestland to a Switzerland-based consultant to facilitate the deal to sell the 12 VVIP helicopters to India.The AW-101 helicopters were pitted against the American Sikorsky's S-92 Superhawks during extensive field trials held in India in 2008, which the US firm later claimed were unfairly biased against it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17381347", "title": "Audyogik Kendra Vikas Nigam MD injured in road accident", "text": "BHOPAL: Audyogik Kendra Vikas Nigam (AKVN) Indore, MD Manish Singh was among two persons injured in a road accident on the Indore-Bhopal highway here on Monday.Singh was travelling by his official vehicle. Reports suggest that the accident took place when the speeding vehicle, after hitting a stray animal on the highway went out of control near Khokri village in Sehore.Driver Ramkumar Mishra sustained minor injuries.However, Singh who was not wearing a seat belt was rushed to Chiraya hopistal and operated for a nasal bone fracture, said Dr Ajay Geonka. His condition is stable, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17382092", "title": "Hemant meets Manmohan over coal block cancellation", "text": "RANCHI: Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren on Monday met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal and urged them not to cancel the coal blocks allocated to state-owned Jharkhand State Mineral Development Corporation (JSMDC).Soren rushed to New Delhi to meet the PM and Union coal minister after the inter-ministerial group recommended the cancellation of eight coal blocks allotted to JSMDC as the corporation had failed to start mining. Soren, who is in-charge of the mining department, tried to explain the reason behind the delay and plans of the corporation to start mining in at least four places through joint venture companies with private firms.\"Despite all odds, we have managed to complete the groundwork for three mines - Rabodh, Patratu and Pindra Devipur. The three mines will soon become operational through joint venture companies. We are also working on plans to make Sugia coal block operational at the earliest,\" said Soren adding that if the Union government cancels these coal blocks then the state will suffer huge losses.\"The de-allocation of coal blocks will adversely affect the economy of the state which is struggling to grow its internal resources. Many companies which would stand to benefit from the high-quality coal that will be mined from these blocks will have to look for other options. It will also be a major setback to the plans of the state government to generate employment opportunities for youths of Jharkhand. I have discussed all the points in detail with the PM and Union coal minister and I am very hopeful that they will understand the need of the state before taking any final decision on taking back the coal blocks,\" said Soren.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17381631", "title": "Tips on reducing environmental pollution", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A two-day training on 'Environmental pollution: threat to society and its management' was inaugurated at Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture, Technology and Sciences (SHIATS), on Monday. The workshop aimed at giving better understanding in protection of environment and how to minimise threats is being organised by department of Environmental Science of school of Forestry and environment and sponsored by ICAR.The chief guest of the training workshop Pro Vice-Chancellor (Academic affairs), SHIATS, N Fernandez addressed the need for hygiene and sanitation to minimise pollution. He exhorted use of septic tanks for water storage and dustbins for waste disposal and regretted that 70% Indians were deprived of toilet. He appealed to students to follow strictly basic hygiene and emphasised cleanliness which will reduce a number of stomach diseases.While inaugurating the programme, the Pro V-C (Administrator) and Dean School of Forestry SHIATS S B Lal in his address said humans were responsible for creating natural hazards and pollution. In this context, he mentioned the plastic threat resulting in soil fertility reduction consequently leading to emission of toxic gases and carcinogenic effects. Emphasising the need of public awareness, he praised the decision of the Allahabad High Court on banning the use of polythene.In the first technical session, Dr Anju Verma, in charge department of environment sciences, Kanpur University delivered lecture on 'plastics: boon or curse for society and its management' whereas second and third technical sessions had a lecture series on 'environmental pollution: control and its management' through specific data by Dr B K Shukla, Scientist BSI Allahabad and Rural Management sanitations its management by Dr Alex Thomas, associate professor SHIATS. Earlier, Dr B Mehra, associate dean welcomed all distinguished guests and participants stressing benefits of training. Dr Rambharose presented the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380308", "title": "Bail for man caught with snails at IITF", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Monday granted bail to a man who was arrested from the ongoing India International Trade Fair at Pragati Maidan for allegedly selling banned wildlife products.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate G N Pandey granted bail to Ranjit Kumar Datta on a personal bond of Rs 10,000 and a surety of the same amount.Dutta was arrested from IITF's West Bengal pavilion on November 20 for selling various wildlife articles, including a huge quantity of shells of Cassis cornuta (horned helmet, a species of very large sea snail) and Trochus niloticus (a top-shaped sea snail), falling in the scheduled category under the Wildlife Protection Act.\"From the record it appears that the prosecution is not quite sure regarding the genuineness of the recovered contraband articles, and on the application of the investigating officer, recovered shells falling in schedule I and VI were directed to be sent for expert opinion.\"Keeping in view the facts of the case, period of custody and nature of offence, accused is admitted on bail,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17381086", "title": "Stabbing spree: Not the first case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mukesh Patel, 58, an engineer who runs a building construction company, was stabbed by two unknown persons near Shivranjani Crossroads in July. Patel had registered a complaint with Satellite police. This was the second incident in Satellite where two bikers drew up close, hurled abuses at a middle-aged man before speeding off. It is only later that the two victims realized had they were stabbed in the back.The incident took place when Patel, a resident of Bodakdev, had been to Bareja with his partner and had parked his car at the crossroads. At 12.30 am when he was about to get into his car, two bikers approached him, hurled abuses at him, and sped off.Patel was unable to understand the reason and before he could react, the bikers had fled from the scene. Without sparing much thought, Patel got into his car and started driving towards his home. After some time Patel felt blood oozing from his back. When he touched the spot, he realized that his shirt was wet and his hand too was covered with blood.Though the wound was deep, Patel had not experienced pain initially.In May, a similar incident had taken place near ISRO in Satellite. Two bikers had stabbed a 57-year-old man who had stepped out from his car to relieve himself. The two youths stabbed the man and sped off. He was given four stitches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17381624", "title": "Open manhole on busyroad poses threat", "text": "NAGPUR: An open manhole on a storm water drain on the busy road connecting Medical College Square with Krida Chowk has been posing a serious threat to the motorists for over six months. Many motorists, especially two-wheeler riders, have suffered a fall failing to negotiate the open manhole.Despite complaints to Hanuman Nagar zone officials, mayor Anil Sole and municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, nothing has been done, said ward corporator Yogesh Tiwari, adding the manhole is a serious threat to the life of residents.There have been many incidents in the past when people sustained injuries after falling in the uncovered manhole, Vinod Gajbhiye, who runs a paan kiosk near the spot, told TOI. He said the civic authorities' negligent attitude could prove costly to people, especially the children. Hence, the authorities should act fast to cover the manhole.Roads dug up by various agencies, including Orange City Water Limited and MSEDCL, are causing inconvenience to the motorists as open pits and piles of construction material is lying along the roads.A visit to the Medical College ward in east Nagpur brings to fore the negligent attitude of the BJP-ruled Nagpur Municipal Corporation. If the roads in old city, be it Medical College Road or Sakkardara Road, are in a bad shape, stretches connecting Ashok Chowk to Sakkardara Square are damaged due to pipeline or cable laying works.One side of the road was dug up by OCWL to lay pipeline while the other by MSEDCL. Both the works were completed some eight months ago. It has not been restored even after the works were over.TOI found that instead of levelling the dug up portion, the agencies concerned simply covered the patches with mud. The portions on either side of the road not only appeared a hurdle for traffic movement and an open invitation for accidents, it also narrowed the wide stretch.\"Poor road conditions not only cause inconvenience to road users but also affect traffic movement,\" said Deepak Samudre, a resident, pointing to the stretch on Sakkardara Road where a pipe has come out of the surface and becoming an accident spot.Similar scene was spotted on the patch between Ashok Chowk and Medical College Square. Here too the roads have been dug up by MSEDCL and OCWL. Both the agencies have failed to carry out the patch work.It is a punishable offence as per section 336 of IPC which states: \"Whoever does any act so rashly or negligently as to endanger human life or the personal safety of others shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for term which may extend to three months, or with fine which may extend to two hundred and fifty rupees, or with both.\"Residents said the dug up roads are due to indifference of NMC authorities. Sub-divisional engineer of Hanuman Nagar zone A Sathwane assured to cover the manhole by Monday while OCWL spokesperson said the matter would be looked into.*Manhole on a storm water drain on the busy road connecting Medical College Square with Krida Chowk has been for over six months*Roads dug up by various agencies are causing inconvenience to the motorists as open pits and piles of construction material is lying along the roadsQuote: Despite complaints to Hanuman Nagar zone officials, mayor Anil Sole and municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, nothing has been done, Yogesh Tiwari corporator", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17381796", "title": "Time to file voters' complaints extended", "text": "GUWAHATI: High population growth rate of Guwahati has turned out to be the biggest hurdle in updating of the voter list in Kamrup (Metro) district. The population of the district has crossed 13 lakh.Though the time for filing claims, objections and insertion of photographs in the existing voter list for Kamrup (Metro) district has been extended by the Election Commission of India till November 30, many residents of the district have not turned out for submission of the photographs.Rahul Das, district election officer of Kamrup (Metro) district has urged all the residents who are unsatisfied with the existing voter list to submit their grievances before November 30. The date of final publication of rolls is January 23, 2013.\"For preparation of photo electoral rolls, our officials went door to door from February to July this year. But in many houses, the residents were not present to receive the forms where they were supposed to affix their photographs. We want every genuine Indian citizen to clear the grievances and provide their photographs by November 30,\" said Das.Till November 30, claims and objections may be submitted by the applicants in the respective polling stations of 51 Jalukbari, 52 Dispur, 53 Gauhati East and 54 Gauhati West legislative assembly constituencies under Kamrup (Metro) district.The existing voters who have not submitted their photographs for the preparation of photo electoral rolls can submit their photographs by filling up form no-8 provided by the concerned officials.Data procured from the district election officer said a total of 1706 voters have applied before the authorities for various kinds of corrections in form no. 8, which includes those voters who have already submitted their photographs.Das said many voters whose names are there in the existing voter list of the Kamrup (Metro) district but have left the city for several reasons has put election officers in a fix regarding the whereabouts of the voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17380858", "title": "Special arrangements to keep animals warm at zoo", "text": "INDORE: It appears that animals at the Kamla Nehru Zoo will have a warm winter this year. Thanks to the zoo management which has made elaborate arrangements in almost every enclosure to ensure the animals in captivity are provided a comfortable and warm habitat.\"We have kept pot filled sawdust for the python. The reptile is cold blooded, and needs special care in winters,\" said the zoo in charge Dr Uttam Yadav adding that the zoo has placed a 100 watt bulb near that pot for some extra heat.\"With facilities like added stands for birds and monkeys and floors covered with layers of grass and wooden planks availed for the animals to keep them off the cemented floors zoo in the winters. For other inhabitants of the zoo, there have been made special arrangements to keep them warm through the season.\"For the animals of cat family we have the gunny bag cloths cover their cages, while the meats that these cats have in their diet also helps to keep them warm. The other carnivores like fox and wolf here are given the necessary facilities like well covered shelters and good diet.'' While for birds there are separate arrangements \"we have sheets of gunny bag spread over the birds' enclosures.\"For those herbivores here \"we have sheets of glass spread in the cages of deer, while for elephant we have increased the amount of jaggery that we feed them with.\" The apes at the zoo are also being given extra dose of jaggery to keep them warm and going through the winters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17384181", "title": "Moondru Per Moondru Kadhal audio on Dec 1", "text": "The much awaited audio of Vasanth and Yuvan's 'Moondru Per Moondru kadhal' (MPMK) is likely to hit the stands on December 1st. It stars Arjun, Cheran, Vimal, Muktha Bhanu and newcomers Surveen Chawla and Lasini and the film is expected to release early next year.MPMK will be Vasanth's third film with Yuvan Shankar Raja, who spent almost 7 months working on the 6 tracks in the album, all written by Na. Muthukumar.The tracks list that was out already is ' Kaadhal Endhan Kaadhal ', ' Mazhai Mazhai ', ' Unakkaagave Uyir Vaazhgiren ', ' Padapadakkudhu Maname ', ' Aaha Kadhal Konji ' and ' Stop The Paatu '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17383955", "title": "R-Patz and Kristen Stewart 'expecting first child'", "text": "Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart are reportedly expecting their first child together - just months after the couple were torn apart by a cheating scandal involving the actress and her married 'Snow White' director Rupert Sanders.According to OK! Magazine, the couple have their first baby on the way, following their reconcilation in September, the Sun reported.The couple are already planning a \"lavish nursery\" for their child, and want to raise it in England, the magazine said.The publication also claimed that the 26-year-old actress is \"begging\" Pattinson to marry her before the baby is born.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381473", "title": "State issues warning to schools on RTE Act", "text": "PUNE: State education secretary J S Saharia on Monday directed school principals to implement the Right to Education (RTE) Act effectively in their respective schools and set a deadline of March 2013. He said that the admission process for the next academic year must be transparent and the rule of 25% reservation for underprivileged must be adhered to.Close to 50 principals of private and minority schools attended the meeting which was conducted at the Shri Shiv Chhatrapati Sports City in Mhalunge Balewadi. The meeting addressed questions and doubts raised by the school principals.Most of the questions raised by principals dealt with the 25% reservation for admissions. Saharia clarified, \"Admissions to children under 25% reservation under the act have to be done by lottery system. Before starting the process, the schools will have to display the dates for sale of forms, submission of forms and actual date of admissions. While following the lottery system, a government representative, a member of the parent teacher association and a school management representative must be present.\"According to a recent Supreme Court order, all schools with the exception of unaided minority institutes will have to reserve 25% seats for the economically weaker section (EWS) and socially disadvantaged group (SDG) students in the age group of 6-14 years under the RTE Act.Saharia also said that, besides carrying out the admissions, the schools will also have to adhere to the norms as per RTE Act of providing basic facilities to the students. If the seats under 25% remain vacant then permission of the education officer has to be sought to fill those from general category.The act which was formulated in April 2009, was accepted by the state on April 1, 2010. It was to be implemented within three years after the acceptance by the state. Now with the deadline nearing, the state government has started issuing strict warnings to schools.Saharia said that, last year, only 30% of the schools in the state had followed the act, but no action was initiated against them. He clarified that, all schools including private (unaided and unaided), minority, state board and schools affiliated to other than state board fall in the ambit of the RTE Act. He said that all schools must issue a declaration that admissions were carried out as per the RTE Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17381039", "title": "Parking President's gift with pride", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city might boast of the presence of maximum luxury cars today, but there was a time when it did not have more than eight to 10 cars in total. It was during those days that the first President of India, Dr Rajendra Prasad, gifted his 1947 Oldsmobile car, with a six-cylinder petrol engine, to Guru Nanak Dev Polytechnic and Engineering College, Gill Road. The curvy coupe still holds every passerby's gaze at the auto engineering department of the college.Professor Kanwaljit Singh, who has been associated with the college for past 25 years, said, \"Dr Rajendra Prasad laid the foundation stone of the college in 1956 and since he was delighted with the achievement of Nankana Sahib Education Trust in setting up Punjab's first engineering college, he gifted his 1947 Oldsmobile 60 series to the trust.\"The president wanted the engineering students to study the car as their first project and so, the trust passed the car to the college, said Kanwaljit.Retired principal of the college, Surinder Bir Singh, 66, a resident of Kochar Market, said the car has been well-maintained by the college and is still in running condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17380271", "title": "This Guru Nanak Jayanti, safeguard animal rights", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: It is a happy coincidence that the 543rd birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Devji falls on the same day, November 28, as World Compassion Day, which will be incepted this year with focus on animal rights.Sikh devotees said they will celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti, keeping in mind their Guru's teachings to show compassion for all, including animals.M S Randhawa of Supreme Council of Navi Mumbai Gurdwaras (SCNMG) said: \"We are happy that World Compassion Day also falls on November 28., when we will celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti in all Gurdwaras. We will tell youngsters to be compassionate towards animals.\"Randhawa added: \"Guru Nanak Devji always preached that all living beings in Mother Nature must be protected. On Wednesday, the entire world will delve on how to safeguard animal rights.\"Spiritual leader Dalai Lama will be in Mumbai on the occasion of World Compassion Day to speak about animal rights issues at a programme organized by Pritish Nandy Communications and Humane Society International (HSI). Writer and animal activist Pritish Nandy quoted His HolinessDalai Lama, who has stated: \"Today, more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of universal responsibility; not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life.\"Randhawa said the Navi Mumbai Punjabi Cultural &amp; Welfare Association will distribute fruits among schoolkids and in hospitals as part of Guru Nanak Jayanti festivities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17381205", "title": "Rs 120cr goes up in smoke due to illegal trade", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh has emerged as a hotbed of illegal cigarettes trade in India. High tax regime in the state prompts smuggling of cigarettes from the neighbouring states. This fact came to light at a seminar on 'curbing counterfeiting and smuggling-an imperative for Indian economy' held here on Monday.The seminar was organised by the FICCI-CASCADE (committee against smuggling and counterfeiting activities destroying the economy) in partnership with FMPCCI (Federation of Madhya Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industries).The state is one of the largest markets for illegal cigarettes in the country with the sale of over 60 million \"tax-evaded\" cigarettes being sold in the state every month which accounts for 30% of the total illegal cigarette market the country. In fact, if one combines all illegal cigarettes as one brand then it becomes the second largest brand in the state. Consequently, the government suffers an annual revenue loss of around Rs 120 crores.Inaugurating the workshop finance minister Raghavji Bhai said stricter enforcement of laws and proper checking at the borders would curb the revenue loss.There was also a panel discussion on intellectual property enforcement issues against smuggling and counterfeiting which included M R Krishna, additional director general of police (ADG), CID, Dr D K Verma, commissioner, customs and excise, Bhopal , and M N Buch, former bureaucrat.In Madhya Pradesh, state tax on cigarettes is at high of 23% (VAT+ entry tax), thereby, giving an impetus to the inter-state smuggling and illegal trade. Several illegal brands have emerged as big players with a large consumer base, said one of the panel members.The panel was chaired by Deep Chand, advisor FICCI CASCADE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17380904", "title": "Rajya Sabha logjam over FDI continues", "text": "NEW DELHI: The logjam in Parliament over FDI in multi-brand retail continued on Monday with opposition parties twice forcing adjournment of the Upper House.The morning session started with chairman Hamid Ansari expressing the resolve of the House in fighting terrorism on the 4th anniversary of Mumbai attacks but had to be adjourned shortly as the BJP refused to relent.The main Opposition accused the government of contempt of Parliament by deciding to introduce FDI in retail when it had given an assurance to the contrary in the House last year.\"The government had given an assurance on December 7, 2011, that it was going to suspend FDI in retail Now they are bringing it...this is contempt of Parliament,'' said senior leader Vankaiah Naidu amid slogan-shouting by other members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17381416", "title": "Car crash: FIR filed against driver", "text": "Porvorim police on Friday registered an FIR and arrested against one Suresh Nandivelguru Prabhakar Rao, a native of Guntur, Andhra Pradesh , under Sections 279 (rash and negligent driving) and Section 336 (endangering life and personal safety) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). The accused had crashed his car into the wall of a public garden at 1am on November 22. While TOI had reported that Porvorim police had hinted that FIRs are not usually filed in the absence of injury, PI Rahul Parab said that investigating officer Ulhas Narvekar registered it after consulting him on the matter.Spurt of accidents along Calangute, Baga beachesA tourist from UK sustained a cut on his foot allegedly due to a broken bottle on Baga beach on Monday afternoon. Colia Zravor, 67, was walking along the shore with his wife at around 3.10pm when lifeguards noticed him calling for help. They discovered that his left big toe was deeply cut and he was bleeding profusely. He was given first aid and shifted to the Candolim primary health centre for further treatment. On Sunday, a 20-year-old tourist from Andhra Pradesh, Mahamad Aif, was rescued by lifeguards at Candolim beach when he was swimming in a no-swim zone at around 1.15pm. In another incident at Calangute beach on Sunday, at around 1.45pm a tourist from Belgaum, Malakri Kotre, 36, suffered a fracture. Lifeguards gave him first-aid, placed him on a spine board and rushed him to Candolim PHC. On Saturday a tourist from West Bengal , Pradeep Kumar Datta, 32, was allegedly bitten by a sting ray while he was swimming in a no-swim zone at Baga at around 1.10pm. The tourist approached lifeguards with pain in his right hand. Since the tourist was in excruciating pain and experiencing difficulty in breathing, he was given oxygen and rushed to the Candolim PHC.POWER SHUTDOWNGoa Velha (Nov 28): Between 10am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Pegado vaddo, market, church, Lobo service centre, ice factory and vicinity.Mandrem (Nov 27): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Marathwada , Bidrubag, Sidhrudh Math and vicinity.Arambol/Keri (Nov 28): Between 9am and 2pm. All areas in Arambol, Paliem and Keri will be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17381075", "title": "Real-life champ has beaten diabetes for over 30 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mari Ruddy is an athlete and a survivor. Being a type-1 diabetes patient for 30 years and a two-time breast cancer survivor, Ruddy survives on an insulin pump which has a convenient built in continuous glucose monitoring. This device helps her with protection from sudden sugar lows and highs.Ruddy was addressing a gathering at DiaCare which was organized as part of the diabetes awareness month. \"I was diagnosed with type-1 diabetes when I was 16 years old. With a family history of diabetes, I was brought up in an environment that navigated a world of healthy eating, blood sugar management, and insulin injections. Since then, I have been living with this challenging disease. With the support and love of my family and friends, excellent medical care and treatment through the Medtronic Insulin pump,\" she said.\"We aim to motivate people who live their lives with diabetes,\" said Banshi Saboo, city's prominent diabetologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17382657", "title": "There are no vets for our animal farms", "text": "BANGALORE: Vets' jobs are going a-begging in Karnataka, and not many want to look down doggy throats or listen to a horse's heartbeat.While Karnataka's animal population abounds at 3.3 crore, there are all of 1,626 trained professionals to treat them. The gap is widening with each passing year. According to experts and officials , the famine-like situation was created as vets have better job options.S N Balachandra, joint director of the department of animal husbandry and veterinary services, says the number of graduates opting to work with the department is too low to cover the existing gap. \"Every year, 240 students enroll in four veterinary colleges . Of them, around 50% complete the course and many of them opt for courses with lucrative job prospects like an MBA, or fly overseas. Many postgraduate courses in US require a degree certificate of four years,\" he said.The department is set to invite applications for 391 vacant posts in a week, but knows the score. \"Though we're inviting 391 applications, we know there are only 220 graduates available across all four colleges . Of these, two colleges are not even recognized. Last year, we invited applications for 400 posts and only 134 applied. Ninety turned up, and of them, 35 took two years' leave for higher studies. Only two returned ,\" said Balachandra.Of the 2,393 posts sanctioned for vets in Karnataka, more than 700 are vacant.Every third post of a veterinarian in Karnataka is lying vacant. The reasons are not too far to seek: Of the 110 graduates who complete the course every year, most prefer cushy jobs with an addon degree or study abroad to land better opportunities.Add to it the low pay scale. Sreenivas Reddy, president of the Karnataka Veterinary Association said: \"The salary of a veterinary doctor is Rs 26,000, lower than that of a medical officer. Consequently, there are vacancies every year but very few graduates to fill the seats. Promotion opportunities are nil and there are no allowances. We've been fighting for better pay for two years now, but to no avail.\"Two of the four colleges under the Karnataka Veterinary, Animal and Fisheries Science University are not recognized by the Indian Veterinary Council.\"Half the graduates are from these two colleges in Hassan and Shimoga, which are not recognized by the IVC. We cannot recruit them unless the colleges get their registration number from the Karnataka Veterinary Council, which has refused to allot numbers unless the colleges are recognized by IVC. We've requested the government, which is in talks with IVC. Something should come out of it very soon,\" said S N Balachandra, joint director of the department of animal husbandry and veterinary services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17381044", "title": "A brush stroke with art and the artist", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a rare treat for art lovers', life and works of Sobha Singh, a well-known contemporary Indian painter, were displayed in city for the first time at Punjab Kala Bhawan.The rare exhibition, which also showcased the photographs that depict the journey of the life of Sobha Singh, was brought to city by his grandson Dr Hirday Paul Singh. The bounty includes 52 original photographs depicting different moments of Sobha's life, along with many of his original artworks including the famous painting of \"Sohni-Mahiwal\" and \"Palace of Bhutan \", especially brought in from Andretta, Himachal Pradesh.\"Besides his original paintings, the photographs at display capture different moments of Sobha's life, which most people are unaware of. They literally narrate the story of his life... beyond an artist. For example, a picture of him typing tells us that he used to type himself... and not many people knew that. Then there are pictures of him which capture personal moments like him cutting a birthday cake, pictures of his village and house,\" said Hirday.The exhibition also had pictures showing the painter's simple living ... him holding a cup of tea and sipping it from the saucer, his meetings with various Punjabi poets and Indira Gandhi during his 75th exhibition in Delhi. \"Another beautiful picture at display was the one showing his bonding with dog Rintu. Now not many people know that he was an animal lover,\" the grandson added.Talking about his grandfather who is best known for his portraiture of Guru Nanak Dev and other Sikh Gurus, Hirdya said, \"One of Sobha's favourite theme included religious paintings in which he loved painting Sikh Gurus, Lord Rama, Lord Krishana and Jesus Christ. He never painted personalities but rather their virtues. Other themes that he loved were love &amp; romance, national heroes, portraits of famous people and landscapes. Besides these, he had also painted a series of brides from different states of India.\"In what could be called as a gift for art lovers, the art gallery of Punjab Kala Bhawan in Sector 16, has decided to name the gallery after artist Sobha Singh. Following this gesture, the Singh family decided to exhibit original works of Sobha in city for the first time. \"When Punjab Lalit Kala Akademi decided to name its art gallery after Sardar Sobha Singh, we decided to reciprocate to the befitting commemoration by bringing his original works to Chandigarh,\" said the proud grandson Hirday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17381459", "title": "PCMC okays octroi rationalisation", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) approved a resolution to rationalise octroi rates in the township at its general body meeting held on Monday. The civic body will now invite suggestions and objections from citizens.The octroi department had tabled a proposal seeking rationalisation of octroi rates; at present there are disputes over the rates applicable on several items.PCMC assistant commissioner and octroi chief Ashok Munde said at the meeting, \"The civic body will suffer a loss of around Rs 150 crore due to octroi rationalisation. But, at present, revenue of Rs 80 crore is locked in court cases filed by traders and industrialists in disputes over octroi rates. The civic body has not revised the rates since 2003.\"The corporators were divided over the proposal, with some saying it would reduce the civic body's income and affect development works, while others argued it would persuade small industries not to shift out of the municipal limits. They said the move would give solace to all industries in the municipal limits.Mayor Mohini Lande presided over the meeting.Shiv Sena and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena corporators demanded that voting be held on the proposal. However, when the NCP opposed it, the corporators raised loud slogans against the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17380425", "title": "House work as much contribution as income: HC", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court has upheld that a married woman as a housewife and mother usually puts in more hours of work for the family than the earning members of the family and their contribution should not be considered any less.The court upheld that the work of a homemaker must be assigned value in terms of money for working out compensation to the remaining family members who are dependants on services provided by her and her contribution to the family.Giving this judgment, a division bench of Justice Sunil Ambwani and Justice A N Mithal dismissed a first appeal from order filed by the Reliance General Insurance Company Ltd.The court upheld the order passed by Motor Accident Claim Tribunal of Maharaj Ganj, which awarded the compensation of Rs 2,68,500 to be paid by the insurance company to the legal representative and dependants of Safia Khatoon, aged about 50 years, who died in a road accident.The court rejected the plea of the counsel appearing for the Insurance Company, who had said that since the woman had no income it could not be said that any of the claimants were dependant on her income to receive compensation.The court said \"On the present value of money, the notional income of Rs 30,000 per month suggested in Sarala Verma's case at Rs 1,000 per day in the year 2009 for calculating the income of a person whose employment was not proved by any reliable evidence will be equally-applicable to the married women, whose contribution to the family as a home maker has to be given the same value as other earning members\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-27"}
