{"city": "kovur", "code": "12321964", "title": "After high turnout, Kovur bets on outcome", "text": "KOVUR: A high 74% turnout at the polling booths in Kovur underlined the mood among the voters but carrying the election fever to an undesirable pitch, supporters of the main contenders indulged in heavy betting on the winning chances of the candidates. The betting margins increased each hour as punters pumped in huge amounts of money.Sources said high bets were riding on the ruling Congress as well after the perceived laggards made a strong comeback in the last two days. Supporters of the TDP candidate and former minister Somireddi Chandramohan Reddy, too, engaged in aggressive campaigning to considerably narrow down the gap between the second and third favourite.\"Congress, TDP and YSR Congress poured crores of rupees into the campaign despite the election code,\" rued a Lok Satta leader. Describing the high 74% turnout as the sign of a wave, YSR Congress leader and former ZP chairman Kakani Goverdhan Reddy claimed that the party's Prasanna Kumar Reddy would romp home with a margin of over 40,000 votes.Senior TDP leader B Ravichandra Yadav, however, said that the people of Kovur were fed up with Prasanna. \"The result will shock him and his YSR Congress. The voters will show him his place,\" he asserted.Meanwhile, over 350 voters at Sripurandharapuram village of Buchireddipalem mandal boycotted polling for four hours before senior revenue officials arrived to assure them that they would sort out a land dispute. They claimed that about eight acres of land given them had been assigned to some non-locals at the behest of Prasanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "12324098", "title": "Osheen showers love on stray dogs", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Eleven-year-old Osheen Pahwa is a well known person in BRS Nagars E block. Ask anyone in the area and theyll tell you about a girl who loves stray dogs, gives them food and medical attention.Osheen was only 7 when she saw a stray dog shivering in the cold outside her house. She made some quick decisions by the end of which the stray had a warm home, food and milk. Later the dog delivered five puppies and I brought them home too till I felt they could be on their own. But one of the puppies died and I felt very sad. I buried the puppies in nearby park and for a long time I used to visit that grave, said Osheen, who has special names for all the stray dogs in her colony. She added that she likes to start her day by calling out to the dogs and enjoys it when all of them come rushing to her from different directions.These days, Osheen is caring for two stray puppies Brownie and Zeenat these days. Brownie is suffering from rickets and Zeenat met with an accident after which one of her legs had to be amputed. I take both puppies to the veterinarian so that they can recover soon. Their mother Tinky also comes to me, she said.A student of Class VI in Sacred Heart Convent School, Osheen said she is not fond of spending time with friends or playing. I prefer caring for the strays, added Osheen, who also has a pet pug, Tuffy.Her mother Rekha said Osheen is an exceptional kid. She even prays every day for her stray dogs and feeds them 2kg milk, said Rekha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12322697", "title": "Business firm provided shelter to offenders", "text": "Kolkata: While CPM leaders Lakshman Seth, Asoke Guria and Amiya Sau are set to face a strenuous grilling at CID headquarters in Bhawani Bhawan, sleuths are also likely to turn the heat on a Hyderabad-based construction, infrastructure development and management conglomerate for allegedly offering the trio refuge and thus acting against the law of the land.According to an officer, CID top brass will on Monday decide whether or not the company will be slapped with the charge of harbouring criminals. Initial probe suggests the three leaders were holed at the company's Somajiguda guest house in Hydebarad for nearly a month, till they were shifted to the company's Chembur guest house in Mumbai only three days back. The probe also suggests that the orders to accommodate these leaders had come from the top and no guest house employee was aware of their antecedents.A CID officer said, \"Seth was chargesheeted in the court. He failed to respond to the court summons and hence a warrant of arrest was issued. We had also moved a petition in court to declare him as a proclaimed offender. This was reported and known to all. Even after such court proceedings, if he is provided shelter by anyone, they are offenders for harboring criminals. Moreso for a big business group with nationwide interests.\"As soon as the news spread, the CID learnt that the company has tied up with the Haldia Development Authority (HDA) and West Bengal Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (WBIDC) for several projects. Incidentally, Seth was the HDA chairman elected to the Lok Sabha from Haldia. On the WBIDC aspect, the CID is inquiring whether Seth had benefited from his contact with a former IAS officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "12324041", "title": "Sachin's statue creates frenzy in Sarabha Nagar", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Sachin mania gripped Sarabha Nagar on Sunday evening when his wax statue was stationed in the busy marketplace. Adding to the celebrations charm was a 30kg cake that was cut by veteran cricketers Chaman Lal Malhotra, Sham Lal Gupta and Vinod Chitkara to celebrate the 100th century.Artist Chander Shekhar Prabhakar brought the statue, said Harjinder Singh, the owner of Hot Breads.Prabhakar received many compliments for the masterpiece. I have never felt so honoured and will always remember this day, which was possible due to my favourite cricketer, Tendulkar, said Prabhakar.One of the most touching moments was when 76-year-old Chaman Lal Malhotra along with fellow cricketers Sham Lal Gupta and Vinod Chitkara, cut the cake.There was hardly anyone in the market who did not stop by and watched the statue and the cake. Sachins fans enjoyed the cake and joined the celebrations. Some children took autographs of the cricketers and also the statue artist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12321372", "title": "Zilla Parishad pact: NCP keeps Congress guessing", "text": "YAVATMAL: Hectic political activity is on to form government in the 62-member Yavatmal Zilla Parishad. The Congress has 23 members followed by NCP's 21. The Shiv Sena has 12 members, BJP 4 and others 2.The election of president and vice-president will be held on March 21. The Congress has been ruling the ZP since its inception. However, it is likely to face difficulties this time.The ZP president's post is reserved for OBC general and hence the outgoing president and Manikrao Thakre's son Rahul is almost sure for a second term if the Congress and NCP come together.Thakre is making efforts to muse the ears of NCP saying that it should not join hands with non-secular parties. To counter Thakre, legislator Sandeep Bajoria and NCP district unit president Pravin Deshmukh have a condition that the post of president should be for NCP for the entire five-year term. But this may not be acceptable to Thakre who wants his son to have it.If the leadership gives in to Congress high command, the NCP would not sacrifice the post of the president. \"We are glad to go with Shiv Sena and our president will rule the ZP for the entire five-year term,\" said Bajoria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12328723", "title": "Violinist Bill Scott's India connect", "text": "Noted American violinist and marathon runner Bill Scott gets nostalgic while talking about his India connection.He grew up in a small village in what is now Jharkhand , but has been to India only twice after that. \"When I came here in 1969 for the first time after leaving India, the country seemed to have changed a lot. The next visit was in 2004, and by then, the country had witnessed some eye-opening, positive changes which filled me with great joy. This is my third visit and it's great to see India's importance in world economy growing day by day,\" smiles the 59 year old Bill Scott, who is equally good at making violins, playing them and running marathons (he has run 28 already!).Scott, who was in Vadodara recently, adds, \"I want to bring my family here and show them the country where I grew up and spent ten years of my life. I also want to go to all those beautiful places in Rajasthan and visit the Taj Mahal at least once before I die. I am really amazed by the cultural richness of this great country. The only thing that makes me uncomfortable is the thought of how I would fare if I were to drive a car in India (laughs)!\"Talking of his love for violin and marathon, he smiles, \"I fell in love with the violin while studying music in college. I was good at wood carving and building things, and studied about the making of violins professionally after I completed my graduation. As for marathons, I wasn't into it while I was young, but started running at 49 inspired by Fauja Singh (the legendary Punjab-born British runner), who had started off at the age of 65! In fact, I want to put up a large photo of him in my bedroom. Gradually, I started participating in marathons and had some amazing experiences. In my first marathon, a 74 year old man beat me and I realized that I needed to practise harder! I started running about 100 kilometres every week and today, I feel more confident as a runner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12323510", "title": "'Role of Bihari diaspora'", "text": "PATNA: Education minister P K Shahi called upon the intellectuals of Bihar to prepare a comprehensive literature on Bihari diaspora as they serve as an important 'bridge' to access knowledge, expertise, resources and markets for the development of the state.Inaugurating a two-day national seminar on `Diaspora Studies: Bihar Perspectives' organized by Patna University department of personnel management and industrial relations here on Sunday, he said that an elaborate study should be made on different categories of Diaspora, tracing their cultural and religious heritage. Lalit Narayan Mithila University former vice-chancellor J P Singh presided.International Labour Organisation expert and former professor of Delhi School of Economics J K Krishnamurthy, who was the guest of honour, pleaded for developing an economic linkage with the Diaspora of Bihar's origin for ensuring an all-round development of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321727", "title": "Woman jumps to death in Bapunagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 40-year-old woman ended life by jumping off fourth floor of a multi-storey building near India Colony in Bapuangar in wee hours of Sunday.According to Shaherkotda police, the residents of Shyam Shikhar Tower noticed a dead body near basement of the building and informed police control room about it.The police are yet to establish her identity. \"She has worn a violet gown and we have found a pair of slippers from near the body that are suspected to be of hers. We questioned the tower residents about her but they said that she was not the local resident. We also got her photograph and searched in the vicinity to know whether she came in the morning to meet someone but we have not found any clue yet,\" said a Shaherkotda police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323042", "title": "Woman found hanging at brother's house", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of a woman was found hanging at her brother's house in Villivakkam on Saturday. The police are interrogating the victim's brother. Valuables kept in the house were also reported missing.A year ago, Rajeswari had come to stay with her brother Dharmaraj, who runs a tea shop. On Saturday afternoon, when Dharmaraj returned home, he found Rajeswari hanging dead. Around 15 sovereigns of gold and Rs 40,000 were also missing from the safe. Police said Dharmaraj's wife passed away two years ago and his children moved away after marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12321948", "title": "High turnout for bypolls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Barring minor incidents, the by-elections in seven assembly constituencies ended peacefully on Sunday. Proving political pandits wrong that scorching heat, India-Pakistan cricket match, marriages and other private functions could play spoilsport, all the seven constituencies - six in Telangana -- recorded high percentage of voting. Kovur in Nellore district where YSR Congress is keen to prove a point or two witnessed 84% polling, while Kollapur where Jupally Krishna Rao wants to wave the Telangana flag high recorded 75% voting.Chief electoral officer Bhanwarlal said the polling was by and large incident-free. He said there were no requests for repoll from any of the returning officers. EVMs were replaced in Kamareddy, Kollapur and Station Ghanpur, while director general of police Dinesh Reddy said there was no untoward incident during the polling. Voting started at 8 am, but voters who stood in the queue just before the voting ended at 5 pm were allowed to exercise their franchise. The total number of eligible voters in all the seven constituencies was 13 lakh.Though voting began on a sluggish note, it picked up pace in the afternoon and towards evening, voters came out in large numbers. Lack of awareness among women and aged voters on use of EVM was one of the reasons for the slow voting initially. \"A lot of time was consumed for the polling staff to brief voters on the EVMs,\" a presiding officer in Bhiknoor polling booth told TOI.Women turned out in large numbers in Kamareddy, Station Ghanpur and Mahbubnagar as serpentine queues were seen outside polling booths. The sweltering heat did not deter them from casting their vote as they waited patiently. But compared to 2009 general elections (72%), Kamareddy recorded less voting (68%) this time around.166 persons taken into preventive custodyTension prevailed in Baswapur village in Bhiknoor mandal when police stopped the vehicle of Telangana Rashtra Samithi candidate Gampa Goverdhan from entering the polling station.Goverdhan was livid at the cops for allowing mandal TDP leader Punna Rajeshwar's vehicle enter the polling station. TRS workers shouted slogans even as Goverdhan argued with the DSP.Police arrested Mahalingam, a single-window attender in primary agriculture cooperative society (PACS), Domakonda, Nizamabad, for acting as a polling agent for the Congress party.Police took him into custody when TRS leaders brought the matter to the notice of the election authorities.Assistant polling officer in Sangameshwar Rajeshwar was rushed to hospital after he collapsed following a seizure.Station Ghanpur in Warangal saw a dip in voting percentage as only 64% electorate exercised their franchise, which was far less than 76% voting in 2009 elections.In Mahbubnagar segment where 13 candidates were in the fray , the polling percentage was 70. Several voters, however, complained about their names missing in the voters list in Adilabad town.Though they were issued voter slips by the election authorities, their names did not figure in the voters' list.Names of about 500 voters in Shantinagar, Budhavihar and other areas in Adilabad were deleted. Women argued with polling officers but returned without voting.Police seized 117 vehicles and took 166 persons into preventive custody on Sunday.Four persons were arrested in Warangal district while trying to persuade voters. \"Two 303 weapons, two 8 mm rifles and 50 rounds of 8 mm ammunition were seized from the accused,'' a police official said.In another incident, in Kodavalur mandal in Kovur, Congress activists beat up a man and his daughter for not casting their votes in favour of their nominee despite allegedly taking money for the purpose.The victims lodged a complaint with the police.Meanwhile, Congress MP Lagadapati Rajagopal said in Delhi that Congress has made substantial gains but predicted that those who resigned for T-cause would emerge victorious.The MP, who got a survey done on the bypolls, said both TDP and Congress gave a tough fight to TRS.The counting of ballots would be taken up on March 21.The byelections to five constituencies were necessitated by the resignations of sitting MLAs in support of separate Telangana demand.In Mahbubnagar, the sitting MLA died while in Kovur the sitting TDP MLA quit in protest against inclusion of the late YSR's name in the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12321319", "title": "Woman ends life on her wedding day", "text": "Navi Mumbai: Apparently upset with her would-be in-laws, a 26-year-old woman in Panvel ended her life hours before she was supposed to get married.A little before 8am on Sunday, Nilekha Joshi was found hanging from the kitchen ceiling at her residence near Lifeline Hospital, even as the 'mandap' and other decorations were being readied for the wedding scheduled at 5.15pm.The Panvel police said they were yet to ascertain the exact reason behind Nilekha taking the extreme step. But an official said the Joshis, after discovering her body, complained to them about the groom's side \"mentally harassing\" her on Saturday. The dispute was reportedly over sharing the expenses of the reception. The police, however, said they could not come to a conclusion till the probe was over.Nilekha's relatives and neighbours cannot fathom why she had to end her life. \"Nilekha was a sweet girl working at a private security firm in Nerul. She had studied up to Class XII and was getting married to a man of her choice,\" said a neighbour. Another resident said, \"Nilekha had bought a TV, refrigerator, and jewellery among other items before her wedding. After all these, what could have driven the lovely girl to suicide?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12494273", "title": "Devasthanam is a touching human drama", "text": "It's not often that a Telugu movie releases first abroad before releasing in Hyderabad. Director Janardhan Maharshi however decided to release his movie Devasthanam in USA first and is now planning to have the movie release in Andhra Pradesh as well. Apparently the director was encouraged by the response the film got from the NRI audiences. SP Balasubramaniam, K Viswanath and Aamani are playing the lead roles in this movie. \"The movie is essentially a tale of two friends SP Balasubramaniam and K Viswanath, both of whom have diametrically opposite world views. It is a touching human drama that comes with a very pertinent message as well. The movie has received a great reception in USA and I am hopeful that it will find takers back home as well,\" says director Janardhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12323552", "title": "FIR against 20 after clash in Sodala", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after six people were injured in a clash between the police and residents of Raakhari Colony in Sodala locality here the police lodged an FIR against at least 20 people for their alleged role in damaging public property. On the other hand the locals lodged an FIR against hostel students for allegedly extorting money from the local shopkeepers.On Saturday evening at least six people were injured in a clash between police and Raakhari Colony residents. The residents of the colony were allegedly holding two youths as hostages. When the police reached the spot, stones were thrown at them. Police had to use force to disperse the mob.\"We have lodged an FIR against those who damaged public property and were involved in disturbing the peace in the area,\" said a senior police officer on Sunday. The police also lodged and FIR against the hostel students for alleged extortion on the complaint lodged by shopkeepers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325540", "title": "Hyderabad times Film awards 2011", "text": "Love Tollywood? Love the magic of the movie industry? Then it's time for you to decide who is the best in tinseltown.'Hyderabad Times Film Awards 2011' gives you a chance to pick Tollywood's best actor, singer, director, composer... You will have the biggest and the best in the Telugu film industry vying for your votes to help them bag the top honors of these readers' choice awards.To vote log on to itimes.com/polls", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321133", "title": "Rs 5.5 lakh stolen from flat", "text": "PUNE: Burglars targeted the flat of a labour contractor near Nanded city on Friday afternoon and decamped with Rs 5.5 lakh.The Haveli police said that Balai Indraj Biswas, 32, who lives in Wadjaimata complex, had withdrawn the cash from the bank for making payments to labourers. He had kept the money in a briefcase at his flat.According to the police, burglars used duplicate keys to enter the house and escape with the cash. The incident happened between 9 am and 1.30 pm.The theft came to light after Biswas reached home in late afternoon. The Haveli police have registered a case of theft. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12323558", "title": "Public anger against police on the rise", "text": "JAIPUR: For the past couple of months, police's handling of several cases and later doing cover-up operations have detnted their image among the public. Earlier, districts like Alwar and Bharatpur, where there a good number of Meo community members, used to witness cases of police being challenged by the criminals. Now, these incidents have become a regular affair in other districts too.On Saturday, residents of Raakhari Colony in Sodala here threw stones at the police. They were protesting against two youths who were allegedly into extortion business. The police claimed they had no prior complaint relating to the matter. A fortnight back some people who allegedly smuggled cows had opened fire on the police team chasing them.\"Rajasthan police works with the motto 'Aamjan Main Vishwas Apradhiyon Main Darr' (Confidence among the public and fear among criminals) but the working style of the police has stated that the motto has been reversed as common people are scared while the criminals are confident that they can get away with crimes,\" said a retired DGP.B L Soni, commissioner of police, commenting on the scenario, said, \"It is the toughest time for the police on the whole. We can only create fear among the criminals by timely solving cases varying from murder, rape, dacoity to others and faith in the public by getting in touch with them on a regular basis. I have been directing my men to activate the community liasioning group.\"\"In Saturday's incident people took law in their hands by pelting stones on the police team. If they had any complaints they should have lodged an FIR against the said miscreants but there was no point in making them hostage for two hours,\" Soni said.He added that the police faces public ire because it represents the government and the system as a whole and directly deals with the public. In the districts including Bikaner, Udaipur and Sriganganagar the cases of police facing public ire are on the rise.\"Police needs to consolidate their beat system. A constable needs to know his beat area and should interact with the common public regularly,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321834", "title": "BJP okays Rajya Sabha nominations", "text": "AHMEDABAD: BJP national president Nitin Gadkari approved the nominations of senior leader Arun Jaitley , Mansukh Mandviya and Shanker Vegad for the Rajya Sabha from Gujarat on Sunday. For Jaitley, who is opposition leader in the Rajya Sabha, this is the third term from Gujarat.Sources said the party had kept in mind caste equations while approving the nominations given that assembly elections are to be held later this year.Mandaviya belongs to the Leuva Patel community, which has held a few meetings recently in the presence of their tallest leader, former chief minister Keshubhai Patel . Vegad, on the other hand, belongs to the Koli community.Mandaviya is the chairman of Gujarat Agro Industries Corporation and was Lok Sabha MP from Palitana. At 40, he is considered among the younger crops of leaders from the party. He is in charge of Rajkot and holds various positions in the party organization.Vegad, on the other hand, was a grassroots worker of the BJP and has risen through the ranks. He belongs to Surendranagar and is seen as a Koli community leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321346", "title": "Symbiosis project to help light up village homes", "text": "PUNE: Students from the Social Entrepreneurship and Consulting Cell of Symbiosis Institute of Business Management ( SIBM) have come up with a project to provide low-cost lighting units to rural households without electricity.Addressing a news conference on Saturday, Kailash Yar, the founder of the project 'Ashadeep', said, \"We have been working with self-help groups for the last two years. During our market research, we found that villagers required emergency lights due to frequent power outages in villages. We looked at the Phillippines model of providing lighting units without the need for electricity. We started working on this model here and after six months of testing, we came up with a product that is economical and useful to villagers at night.\"Vinod Shastri, faculty in-charge of the cell, said, \"The device has a system wherein it lights up a room during the day with the help of a liquid solution (mixture of bleach and water) in a plastic bottle while the solar panel charges a battery. When the sun sets, the charged battery illuminates the light emitting diodes ( LED) in the device at nights, or during power outages.\"Total 15 lighting units have been installed in Nande village and the students are planning to install 35 more. The entire expense is being borne by Symbiosis Institute.Vidya Yeravdekar, principal director of Symbiosis Institute, hopes to transfer the technical knowhow to self-help groups (SHGs) in the villages and also create a viable business model for them to make money.\"We have been in contact with various heads of villages to identify various SHGs to teach them the process and create a manufacturing hub in villages around Pune. The Akashdeep project is a corporate social responsibility initiative. We also want to set up manufacturing hubs in villages and gradually provide these lighting devices across the state,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12323518", "title": "Two bodies found in Amber stepwells", "text": "JAIPUR: The body of a 22-year-old man was found in Sayara Kunda (stepwell), and that of an unidentified girl in Sagar Kund (stepwell) in the Amber police station area on Sunday.The deaths were apparently accidental said police.A 22-year-old youth, identified as Jeetu , had gone to the Sayara Kunda for a bath when he slipped. \"He drowned in the stepwell. Some people informed us following which a police team was rushed there and his body was taken out,\" said police officer. Another body was found floating in Sagar Kunda around 5.30 pm.\"The woman was wearing a sari. She is yet to be identified,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12323950", "title": "Woman found dead, brother alleges murder", "text": "BANGALORE: A 29-year-old homemaker was found hanging from the ceiling fan of her house in Kumaraswamy Layout on Saturday night.Though police booked a case of suicide, they are now looking into murder allegations made by the victim's brother. Lalitha was married to Ramakrishna for five years and the couple had a four-yearold daughter. Ramakrishna runs a bakery in Shastrynagar.The woman allegedly hanged herself at 8pm in her house on II Main in Kumaraswamy Layout . Her mother-in-law told police that Lalitha was in the house when she had gone to the ground floor.Ramakrishna had gone out for a walk with his daughter.When she returned, the mother-in-law saw Lalitha hanging from the fan in the bedroom. The victim didn't leave behind any suicide note and police registered a case of unnatural death.On Sunday morning, Lalitha's brother, Sridhar Bhatt, filed a complaint with Kumaraswamy Layout police, saying his sister was a victim of domestic violence.He alleged that Lalitha's inlaws had beaten her up and tied her to the fan. Police said they are awaiting the postmortem report and will then proceed with investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322851", "title": "Kalbe Jawwad meets and congratulates Mulayam Singh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Shia cleric Maulana Kalbe Jawwad Naqvi met Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav at his residence on Sunday to congratulate him for the party's sweeping victory in the assembly polls and sought ministerial berth for a member of the Shia sect in Uttar Pradesh.He said that the 20% Shias of UP had contributed substantially to SP's victory and therefore deserved a representation in the council of ministers.He also said that people with clean image should be made part of the Waqf Board. He said that SP should create pressure on the Centre for maintaining better ties with Iran and release senior journalist Mohd Ahmad Kazmi, arrested in connection with the bomb attack on an Israeli embassy car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12322328", "title": "Over 1500 students on day 2 of job fair", "text": "COIMBATORE: The second day of the multi-industry mega job fair jointly organized by the Times Ascent and the Kalaignar Karunanidhi Institute of Technology (KIT) saw a large influx of students from various city colleges on the Sunday.Around 1500 students from various colleges attended the placement drive. Indhu Murugesan, the vice chairperson of KIT said that they took special care to avoid fake companies. \"We scrutinized the firms attending the job fair. There have been instances where job fairs with fake firms issued offer letters, disappointing students,\" she said.\"We also did not charge any money from students from other colleges to attend the interviews. In most of the job fairs, students are charged exorbitant amounts as registration fees,\" she said.Recruiters and human resource personnel who attended the job fair expressed satisfaction. P Aravind, who was part of the HR team of KGISL said that the fair was well organized. Recruiters also provided some suggestions to follow in the coming years.The organizers said that around fifty percent of the students got offer letters or placements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12323015", "title": "Akhilesh\u2019s diktat to keep cadre in check", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Samajwadi Party workers will not carry out gheraos, dharnas and burning of effigies without the prior permission of the party's district unit. Further, they will not put up the hoardings, flex and banners praising the achievements of the SP government. These instructions have been issued by SP state president and new chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to all district units. Giving this information, SP district vice-president Vinay Kushwaha said the message is loud and clear - anyone violating these orders would invite disciplinary action. Besides, the party has also issued strict directives on the use of party flag in personal vehicles given its indiscriminate use on previous occasions by party workers and leaders.Now, only office bearers of party national executive, state executive, MP, former MP, MLA, former MLAs, district and city president, vice president, general secretary, treasurer along with former district, city president and vice president and presidents and vice presidents of different cells in the city and district would be entitled to use the party flag on their vehicles. The order signed by SP state president Akhilesh Yadav explicitly states that anti-social elements have tarnished the image of the party and state government in the past by hoisting party flags atop their vehicles. The chief minister has also cracked the whip against indiscriminate use of hooters and red light by party leaders.From now, no party leader, office bearer and worker would be allowed to use a hooter and install a red light on vehicle. Only MPs would be allowed to use red light on their vehicles. Akhilesh has also banned the practice of putting up hoardings by leaders who have never been associated with the party in any form. Apprehending misuse of party's name by anti-social elements who wish to gain cheap publicity through the same, the SP state chief has also banned the practice of putting up hoardings, flex and banners in the name of Samajwadi Party till further orders", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322768", "title": "Project to cover Lutyens' with CCTVs hits embassy hurdle", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the Israeli diplomat car attack on Aurangzeb Road in February, the plan to cover the whole of Lutyens' Delhi with CCTVs may hit a roadblock with several embassies opposing the proposal on the privacy ground. \"Several embassies do not want the roads in front of them to be covered by CCTV cameras,\" a source said.Delhi Police has already got the sanction for installing CCTVs on important roads in New Delhi like Aurangzeb Road, Feroz Shah Road, Teen Murti Marg, those at South Block and North Block, roads connecting Parliament and PM's and President's houses. ECIL has also surveyed most of the roads in the New Delhi area and the process of installing about 400 to 500 CCTVs are to begin soon.The project was conceived few years ago but got delayed due to several reasons. The attack on Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua-Koren on February 13 brought the matter back into focus in the administrative corridors. A senior official said on condition of anonymity that \"the sanction for installing cameras has been recently approved. Almost all the roads would be under the hawk eye\".Delhi Police had problems in investigating the bomb attack due to non-availability of CCTV footage on Aurangzeb Road, few metres from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's residence.A source said many embassies had said their privacy would be infringed upon if CCTVs were installed in front of the buildings and in the vicinity. Several embassies have their own CCTV systems outside but not on the main roads. Officials say the matter would be resolved at the political level.\"We think the cameras would be installed in six months,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323220", "title": "New commissioner office likely to open next month", "text": "CHENNAI: The swanky nine-storeyed building designed to house the Chennai police commissionerate on Poonamallee High Road is likely to be inaugurated on April 14.The opening date has been tentatively fixed as the Tamil New Year day - April 14 - and senior police officers are expecting the nod from chief minister J Jayalalithaa.If she agrees to inaugurate the Rs 21-crore facility, it will mark the third mega police function she participates since she assumed power in May 2011. She participated at a function in Anna Salai police station last year, and the passing out parade of sub-inspectors at the Tamil Nadu Police Academy last month.The new commissionerate will have tight security, including a fool-proof access control system. There will be counters in a separate building at the entrance where people can submit petitions or get their petition status verified. The new building will also have a training centre.The building will have two gates - one on EVK Sampath Road and the other on Atkinson Road. The entry on Atkinson Road will remain closed, to be used only during VIP visits. The separate building at the entrance will exclusively cater to people coming with grievances. \"We don't want people to wait for hours to submit complaints. Instead, they can meet the commissioner or a senior officer only if required. A large parking facility too has been planned,\" a police officer said. The new building will also house offices of the joint commissioners of police, a conference room and the control room.The present commissionerate, located close to the Egmore railway station is a 150-year-old structure.We don't want people to wait for hours to submit complaints. Instead, they can meet the commissioner or a senior officer only if required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325599", "title": "I am the worst actor: Udhayanidhi", "text": "... jokes Udhayanidhi in a candid chat on his acting debut, films and more Lata SrinivasanHe comes from a political family and is a successful producer. Now, he's taking the plunge as an actor in a comic role and it completely suits him. Udhayanidhi's sense of humour in real life is brilliant and he keeps you in splits as he chats about himself. Here are some excerpts from the interview.How do you think your performance is in Oru Kal Oru Kannadi (OKOK)? I have to admit that it's not up to the mark. Now when I see the film, I feel I have to improve a lot. I think all actors feel that they could have done better when they see the film finally. But it is my first movie. I think Hansika and Santhanam's performances, and Harris Jayaraj's music, have compensated for my performance. But I am confident about this film and feel it will do well.Is Santhanam the hero? Of course! The story revolves around him. He is a hero and a villain in this flick. And I am a new face. So, definitely, he is the hero! But the songs are for me (laughs). We heard you were uncomfortable in the romantic scenes... Yes, I wasn't as comfortable as doing the comedy scenes. I was nervous doing the romantic scenes with Hansika as she is such a big actress. She's not familiar with the language and yet delivered a great performance but me knowing the language, I found it so tough!And the dancing scenes... I am not a trained dancer so I went for rehearsals but when I came to the sets ended up doing my own steps. The rehearsals were of no use! (Laughs) I just couldn't do the steps together with Hansika. So the director finally decided that he would shoot me separately and her separately. It was great fun!We heard you were uncomfortable in the romantic scenes... Yes, I wasn't as comfortable as doing the comedy scenes. I was nervous doing the romantic scenes with Hansika as she is such a big actress. She's not familiar with the language and yet delivered a great performance but me knowing the language, I found it so tough!Which scene did you have the maximum number of takes? The scene where I had to hug Hansika! No, it wasn't deliberate (laughs). I just wasn't getting it right so Rajesh kept asking for retakes. He asked me to kiss her as it was vital for the scene and I refused. So he changed the scene and asked her to kiss me instead without telling me. I was stunned! (Laughs)As an actor, do you see yourself as competition to others? No way, I am the worst actor (laughs). I am the only actor in the industry who has dubbed for his film twice! I enjoy acting but I think everyone has a place for themselves in the industry. I would like to continue doing similar roles to the one in OKOK - it was fun and breezy.Is Harris Jayaraj like a guide to you? He has a good cinematic perspective and can gauge accurately what movie will work and what will not. I do ask him for his opinion on all my films. He has seen OKOK and he likes it. (Smiles)Reports say you are producing your wife's first feature film... That's false. She is yet to complete the script. I'll decide only once that is complete. What happened to your film production? I am still continuing that. I am currently producing a small budget film and OKOK is my production too.Have you signed on anything else as an actor? As of now, I am listening to scripts. I will be doing one more film with Rajesh. I am keen on working with Gautham Menon and will hopefully do a flick with him soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12324065", "title": "Yeddyurappa resorts to detractors\u2019 trick", "text": "BANGALORE: He himself was at the receiving end of resort politics several times when he was chief minster. But that hasn't stopped BS Yeddyurappa from resorting to the same brand of politics to get his successor DV Sadananda Gowda out of power.Resort politics has been a half-yearly feature of the BJP ever since it came to power for the first time in the South in May 2008. Various factions of the party's legislature wing have been holed up in various resorts at regular intervals.Resort politics hasn't always been rebellious in nature. In fact, the BJP held a brainstorming session in a resort at the start of Yeddyurappa's tenure in May 2008.Different sets of BJP MLAs have been in and out of resorts in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai and Goa over the last 46 months since the party has been rocked by rebellion time and again.Every time a dissident group fired a volley against Yeddyurappa , it was done from the cozy comfort of a resort. First, G Janardhana Reddy, then tourism minister, hijacked a few MLAs and demanded that Yeddyurappa be replaced by another Lingayat leader, Jagadish Shettar. The provocation was the transfer of a batch of officials loyal to Reddy .However, the high command stepped in to defuse the crisis. Later, there was one more round of resort politics by a few netas, instigated by HD Kumaraswamy , former CM and JD(S) chief.BJP legislators led by MP Renukacharaya stayed at a resort in Goa for over a week and relented only after Yeddyurappa offered ministries to two of them.In October 2010, the BJP, facing trouble after 18 MLAs withdrew support to the Yeddyurappa-led government, whisked away all its loyalists to the Golden Palm Spa and Resort on the city's outskirts.Yeddyurappa and the opposition Congress and JD(S) wanted to keep their flock intact ahead of the crucial confidence motion as rival parties levelled allegations of horse-trading attempts.Ironically, Yeddyurappa, who was never allowed to rule in peace owing to resort politics, has now resorted to the timetested tactics of his detractors and shepherded his supporters in a resort to exert pressure on the party high command and demand reinstatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323064", "title": "Have a case? Now, log in for legal aid", "text": "CHENNAI: Anusha Shankar, a 26-year-old marketing executive, always believed that she was aware of her rights as a consumer but when a reputed private hospital botched her father's cataract operation, she didn't know how to ensure that her father did not have to pay for the doctor's mistake.\"We had to pay around Rs 1.4 lakh for the treatment, which was more than the cost of the operation itself. My father sent the doctor an email stating that she was responsible for his plight but he received no response. I didn't know what to do,\" she said.Help may be nearer than Anusha realises. Internet startups are targeting people like Anusha who have trouble finding good counsels. Like companies in the US and Britain, Indian firms are now offering 'e-lawyering' services and legal solutions.Web portal akosha.com, founded by a National Law School of India University alumnus (NLSIU), Delhi-based Ankur Singla, is making the most of what it sees as a \"huge business opportunity\". The firm advises clients on how to sue companies for defective services. \"Every middle-class Indian has at least one or two consumer complaints to make every year,\" Singla said.With the number of broadband users in the country growing and the government introducing the Consumer Protection (Amendment) Bill, 2011, the stage is set for legal services to go online. The bill contains a clause that allows complaints to be filed online with the district consumer forum.Other firms are using the internet to simplify time-consuming paperwork. Founded by Hrishikesh Datar, also an NLSIU alumnus, vakilsearch.com is a website that enables customers to create legal documents by keying in details and making payments online. The documents are sent to the client by courier. Other services include preparing house rental agreements and employee service contracts, drafting wills, sending legal notices and registering trademarks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12323130", "title": "Bitter turn to 20-year love affair with Orissa", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bosusco Paolo, one of the abducted Italian tourists, had been a pathfinder for scores of tourists, both domestic and foreign, in dense jungles and hilly terrains of tribal districts in Orissa.Fifty three-year-old Paolo from Turin in north Italy had been staying in Puri for the past 23 years on a tourist visa with multiple-entry facility. Going by multiple-entry visa rules one can stay for 180 days at a stretch in India. After the time period one has to exit the country for some time and then return for a valid stay.Paolo speaks Oriya, though not fluently, and used to take tourists to forest and hilly areas of the state for expedition, police sources said. \"Like other days, he set out on an adventure on March 12. We were stunned to know that he, along with his friend, was kidnapped,\" said Saroj Rath, a Puri-based hotelier and acquaintance of Paolo. The second kidnapped Italian Claucio Colancero had arrived in Puri on March 9.Puri tourist officer Bijay Jena said Paolo had opened a small office 'Orissa Trekking and Adventure' on Chakratirtha Road a few years ago. Local tour operators alleged Paolo had not obtained any permission from tourism department either to operate the office or take tourists on tribal tours in Maoist-hit areas. Jena admitted Paolo had no permission for organizing treks but said only travel agencies are required to take permission from the department. \"Paolo's was not a travel agency,\" Jena said.Yugabrat Kar, vice-president of Orissa tour association, took a dig at local tourism officials for showing leniency towards people engaged in the business of tourism without requisite permission from the government. Sources said Paolo has a PAN card in his name. \"We had no idea he was doing business here. But he had a valid passport and visa. We have been maintaining his multiple arrival and departure reports,\" police said.Foreign tourists in Puri are in a state of panic after the abduction. \"This is disturbing news for us. The government must come to the rescue of the tourists and enhance security in tribal areas where foreigners like us love to visit,\" said Johnty Paul, an American tourist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12323990", "title": "Farmers oppose burning of toxic waste at Pithampur plant", "text": "INDORE: Farmers, living in Tarpura and other villages surrounding Ramky Enviro Engineers in Pithampur, are up in arms against the government's decision to incinerate toxic wastes from the now defunct Union Carbide plant in Bhopal in Pithampur.The government is planning to incinerate 346 metric ton (MT) of the toxic waste at the Ramky plant.Interacting with a delegation of an NGO, Lok Maitri, villagers had apprehended damage to crops due to the presence of the plant in the neighbourhood.They alleged that policemen were hand-in-gloves with the plant's management and hence the villagers were harassed when they went to file a complaint in this connection.Man Singh, a farmer living in the area, told the visiting delegation that crops were already being damaged due to the ongoing process of incineration of industrial wastes in the plant. Any move to shift Union Carbide's industrial waste to the plant for incineration would spell disaster for the villagers, he added.Man Singh was imprisoned when he raised his voice in support of the farmers and this has triggered a panic among the rest of the villagers, said Gautam Kothari, convenor, Lok Maitri.Forget damage of crops, a good number of cattle have died in the area due to the pollution being caused by the plant, he added. Moreover, the farmers in the area are suffering from diseases relating to skin and stomach, said he.Keeping it in view, the farmers living in the village have decided to oppose any move to shift Union Carbide's industrial waste to the plant, weighing 346 MT, for its incineration.Meanwhile, the state government is also against the central government's decision to first undergoing experiment and then deciding to incinerate the waste of the company at the plant.Talking to ToI, the state environment minister, Jayant Malaiya, said that the state will oppose any move by the centre in this direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12323658", "title": "JK Lon hospital goes for a major facelift, super specialty wards soon", "text": "JAIPUR: JK Lon hospital, the state's biggest government child specialty hospital, will soon undergo a large-scale modernization, including full air-cooling.The hospital's entire constructed area of 42,000 square feet will have air cooling facility while around 4,500 square feet area, which includes ICUs, will be completely air conditioned under the mordernisation which will cost around around Rs 1.31 crore.Work on the air cooling project started on Sunday with a function organized at the hospital where several political leaders, including health minister A A Khan, took part.The hospital administration said infants are sensitive to high temperature and the air cooling will help them in recovering from various kinds of illnesses.The other facilities which are coming up in the hospital are a central lab and a blood supply centre. A super specialty wing, a level III neonatal intensive care unit and a new unit of pediatric medicine will also come up as part of the modernization.The hospital administration estimates that the patients' footfall in the hospital will increase by 28-30% in 2012 due to launching of Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna and the chief minister's free medicine scheme. In 2011, the total number of patients registered in the hospital's OPD was 1.70 lakh. Now, the hospital administration expects that the figure would increase to 2.40 lakh in 2012, hospital superintendent SD Sharma said. Also, after the implementation of Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna (from September 12, 2011 to March 15, 2012), around 9,334 infants availed benefits of the scheme and various tests of around 7,303 infants were done free of cost under the scheme. The infants who are taking benefit have increased by around 48% in the hospital.In the wake of the increasing number of patients, the hospital has plans to increase the number of beds. At present, the hospital has 528 beds but soon it would be increased to 625 with the opening of super specialty and cottage wards.Sharma said work for construction of the super specialty ward is in progress, which would be completed at a cost of Rs14 crore. It is expected that the building would be completed by the end of August. Gastroenterology, cardiology, nephrology, pulmonology, neurology and hematology are the six super specialty facilities which will opened for the patients in hospital.Besides, there would a neonatal intensive care unit ( NICU) which will have both ICU and indoor facility with all kinds of modern equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12323679", "title": "200 budding cricketers screened for TV show", "text": "PATNA: Over 200 cricketers under the age of 16 and 22 participated in the 'Deadliest cricket captain head hunt show' organized by the Indraprastha All India Sports Foundation (IAISF) at the Moinul Haq Stadium here on Sunday to screen talented cricketers for its 'Cricket Champs' reality show. The first episode will be telecast on April 24.Former international cricketer Kirti Azad, who was here to watch the 'audition' of participating cricketers, said 120 players each under-16 and under-22 age groups would be selected from 15 places in different parts of the country. The talent of under-16 boys would be honed by experts. The 120 under-22 boys, to be divided into eight teams, will play altogether 45 matches at different venues which may include Patna , he said. The best players would be sent to Kings XI Punjab team for further exposure and training.IAISF chairperson Rohini Rajdev said the Kings XI Punjab team was likely to give a chance to the winner of the reality show in the IPL next year. Twenty-four boys, three from each of the eight teams, would compete for the best captain in the reality show. \"The selected boys will emerge strong personalities after four months' training. The shooting of the first episode will start after the 'audition' round on April 10,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321890", "title": "Honest beneficiary to return extra house", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Last year Abdul Kadar, 44, a washerman, was allotted a one BHK flat under a JNNURM scheme meant for the economically weaker sections (EWS) in Vatva area as part of the rehabilitation efforts that was carried out during the slum clearance along the Sabarmati riverfront. Kadar was elated as it did not require him to pull many strings in the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) or frequent visits to a local politician.A month later, his wife too was allotted a house in Vatva under a similar scheme. Today, Kadar wants to return the 'extra' house, as he and his family feel that claiming right over a second home will mean depriving a needy family who is among the riverfront evacuees. \"There are many families whose homes were demolished in the riverfront and are still waiting for an EWS accommodation. I or my family couldn't have slept in that 'extra' house in peace,\" says Kadar. But how did Kadar get a second house? \"I and my wife are yet to discover this. The authorities must have mistaken us as two different families. This is a plain case of oversight,\" claims Kadar.But ever since real estate agents and few investors came to know of Kadar's extra house, they have been offering him Rs 12 lakh to Rs 15 lakh for it in Vatva. \"One person asked me to file for divorce in a local family court so that the extra house legally stays with the family, and then the AMC can't take away the house from my wife. There were several agents who asked me to sell them the house, while the house was still in my name. I refused them bluntly,\" says Kadar.His son Mohammed Zuber, 15, says, \"I stand by my father in his decision as this is a big lesson we learnt in personal honesty. He could have easily kept the extra house and sold it later to fund our marriage or education. But that would have been at someone else's cost. My father refused to comply by any of the lures. Our family earns Rs 120 a day and we are happy living with that meager income,\" says Zuber.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12323930", "title": "Property owner alleges land acquisition scam", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai Bench of Madras High court has directed the Principal District Judge to file a report on the alleged misappropriation of compensation meant for land owners who gave their lands to the government for forming a ring road.P.S. Manoharan of Kappalur said his father Subbarayalu's land at Puliankulam village in Madurai district was acquired by the government for formation of the ring road around Madurai city. In this regard, the government issued a notification in 1988 stating the said land was to be acquired. Thereafter, his father passed away in 1994 and his mother in 2000. As his father alone was dealing with the proceedings before the authorities, other family members were not aware of any development thereof. He said after the death of his parents, he came to know that the authority had determined the compensation in respect of the land to be Rs 12,707 and an award was passed by the land acquisition authority. As the dispute arose over compensation, the case was referred to the III additional judge. Thereafter, an advocate, without any authorisation and with active collusion of the authorities of the highway department and the revenue department, withdrew the said amount deposited as if to show his father did it. The petitioner said his father passed away in 1994 and his mother in 2000. Therefore, it was impossible for them to get the amount in 2008. Manoharan said he came to know that the said advocate, without any vakalat from him or his father or mother, represented his father as though he was alive and had also set up a few persons who deposed before the III Additional Sub Judge, Madurai. The entire proceedings had been done with an intention to commit fraud on the court and to take away the proceeds of land acquisition. He said I am given to understand that a group has been operating in almost all land acquisition cases ranging from advocates to officers of the court who are involved in swindling award amounts in respect of land owners who are either dead or living abroad.Stating that his case was a classic example on the ongoing land acquisition scam that was prevalent all over he state which has been actively operated by a hidden mafia, he said it was necessary to direct the Registrar General of the Madras High Court to investigate into the issue as many government officials were involved in the scandal. The Bench comprising Justice Chitra Venkataraman and Justice R Karuppiah, before whom the matter came up, also directed the petitioner counsel to furnish details on other victims as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12323807", "title": "Labour paucity amidst a glut of jobless", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If you are looking for a carpenter or a mason to fix your house, then soon you will find that they are hard to get and that their wages, even if it is for an hour, are usurious.Fuelled by their shortage, the average daily wage of a skilled labourer has doubled in the last decade. There has been a 7% increase in their wages in the last one year alone. All this at a time when around 2.8 lakh people are paid a measly Rs 150 as unemployment allowance by the state.Baffled by these conflicting trends, the officials of the state labour department say that the state needs to take relook at its educational policy to make it more vocation-oriented .\"A carpenter today earns much more than an officer in a state government. There is a huge demand for skilled labourers. But we are not catering to this sector,\" an official of the department said.This also underlines the fact that youths prefer a white-collar job so long as they are in the state. But the situation changes when they leave the state in search for work. A case in point is the remittance figures that have shown increase from Rs 43,800 crore to Rs 50,000 crore in the last four years. The remittances of expatriates from Malappuram, a majority of them employed in unskilled and semi-skilled labour sectors, topped the state list with Rs 9,040 crore.\"Due to this dearth of skilled labour we have more number of migrants coming into the state in the past five years,\" said the state labour official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12324042", "title": "Taranpreet's dastar bandia a special occasion for Bindras", "text": "LUDHIANA: Bindra family of Mohar Singh Nagar celebrated the dastar bandi (first tying of the turban) ritual of their 12-year-old son, Taranpreet Singh, with pomp and show on Sunday.A special akhand path was organized by the family for their sons dastar bandi in which all the relatives and friends were invited.The bhog was held on Sunday morning after which a maroon coloured turban was tied on Taranpreets head by his maternal uncle, Goldy, according to the Sikh tradition.Family members and the friends gave wishes in the form of gifts and cash.His grandfather, Kulwant Singh, gifted a gold chain, paternal uncles Baljit Singh Bindra and Jagmohan Singh gave diamond rings to him on the occasion.Then came the most awaited moment, the dance party, which was enjoyed by all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12323050", "title": "Ballet on Krishna raas leela", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A ballet 'Shri Krishna Raas Leela' was organised at Preetamnagar. The programme started with the lighting of the lamp by chief guest Justice (retd) GS Sharma and presentation of Ganesh vandana. Cultural artists presented dance on 'Ja ja re natkhat kanha'.Later, Shri Krishna vandana 'Charan kamal bando hari rai' was presented. A Mayur dance was also appreciated by the audience. Speaking on the occasion, Justice Sharma said people should take inspiration from the life of Lord Krishna and follow the path shown by him. The artists who presented the programme included Kriti, Komal, Arti, Sujata, Srishti, Rubi, Shailesh, Subhendu,Rajesh, Kishan Lal, Rasik Bihari, Suresh, Govind, Akash and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12323890", "title": "Bus mows down MBA student", "text": "BANGALORE: A 22-year-old MBA student, Sumith Jayadeep Chandra Poojar, was run over by a speeding private bus which hit his bike off Bannerghatta Road on Sunday morning.Sumith, a native of Ahmedabad, was a student of the Institute of Technology and Management at Hulimavu . He was staying in a hostel on the college premises .Sumith was returning to the hostel after meeting a friend in BTM Layout when the accident took place in Kalena Agrahara near Gottigere . He died on the spot.Mob furyAn irate mob stoned the Anekal bus. The driver abandoned the vehicle and fled the scene. Police said the killer bus was overtaking another one, and in the process, moved on to the right side of the road. It hit Sumith, who was coming on the bike from the opposite direction.Sumith had borrowed the bike from his friend and classmate Debobrata Mondol . Mondol told TOI that Sumith came to him in the morning and wanted the bike for an hour to meet a friend.\"He left at 10am and at around 10.30pm I got a call from an unknown number saying he had met with an accident ,\" Mondol said.Sumith's body was shifted to Victoria Hospital. A postmortem will be done after his parents arrive from Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12322306", "title": "Three policemen suspended after accused escapes from custody", "text": "COIMBATORE: A station inspector, sub-inspector and a head constable have been suspended in Coimbatore on Sunday, following the escape of an accused in a robbery case, who was in their custody. All three suspended officials belong to Variety Hall Road police station. They were reprimanded by City Police Commissioner T P Sundaramoorthy.According to the commissioner, S Kumar alias Selvakumar (40), of Arivozhi Nagar in Kovaipudur, was arrested from Ukkadam bus stand on March 8 at 4 pm in connection with a robbery case. He was accused of snatching a mobile phone and Rs 1,000 from Balaji at Variety Hall road junction. He was booked under section 392 (punishment for robbery) and 397 (robbery or dacoity with attempt to cause death or grievous hurt) of Indian Penal code.Soon after his remand in judicial custody, Kumar was taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for a medical checkup before he was lodged in Coimbatore Central Prison. After the medical checkup, special sub-inspector Manickam and head constable Subramani took him to ward 8 of CMCH to get medicines for him. However, he managed to escape from police custody as there was a huge crowd at the pharmacy counter. Police had failed to nab him. Station inspector P Parthiban was informed about the escape by the sub-inspector.The inspector decided not to bring the issue before his higher officials. He also attempted to hide the FIR and details of the incident from top officials. He sent a report to senior officials saying that Kumar was released by his team members after an enquiry. However, the intelligence wing of city police collected information regarding the escape and informed the senior officials, including city police commissioner. Sundaramoorthy had deputy commissioner of police (in-charge) P Sundaravadivel look into the issue. He conducted a detailed inquiry and submitted a report to the commissioner. Based on the report, city police commissioner suspended the three policemen on Sunday.\"The accused was arrested under non-bailable section. After the escape of the accused, the inspector hid the incident from superiors and informed every one that he was released under station bail after inquiry. They will be suspended for three weeks,\" said Sundaramoorthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325537", "title": "Koel, Indraneil turn singers", "text": "What's common to Amitabh Bachchan, Abhishek Bachchan, Aamir Khan, Salman Khan, Hrithik Roshan, Farhan Akhtar and Sanjay Dutt ? All these great actors have also done playback at some point of time in their careers.Now, joining them are a clutch of Tollywood stars. While Dev made his singing debut in \" Khokababu\", Koel Mallick and Indraneil Sengupta have turned singers for \" Doshhomi\".The song - supposedly the USP of the film set in the backdrop of Durga Puja - is about Abhi (Indraneil) pacifying a miffed Tuli (Koel). Joining voices with the two stars will be actors Locket Chatterjee and Pijush Ganguly. Says director Suman Maitra, \"Any kind of creativity works for me. The song is featured on the four actors and I thought of using their voices.\"So, wasn't it difficult convincing the actors to double as singers for the film? \"Doshhomi\" music director Debarpito says that Koel and Indraneil were both freaked out by the idea. \"We've heard Indraneil humming on the sets, so making him sing wasn't all that difficult. But Koel giving her nod was indeed a breakthrough,\" the composer adds. The song, a celebration number, is peppy and sums up the mood of Durga puja. Debarpito has generously used dhak, khol, kashor ghanta and harmonium for that Puja feel.It wasn't an easy decision for Koel. The actor says, \"When I saw my co-stars singing, I thought it would be best not to play spoilsport. I mustered courage by seeing others taking great interest in the song. Indraneil, for one, is a very good singer and as long as the audience doesn't come to the theatres with earplugs, I have no issues.\" For the actors, it has also been exciting shooting for the film, which has re c re at e d Durga Puja.Indraneil is also excited about his singing debut. \"Fortunately, the recording got over in 10 minutes and I got positive feedback from the unit,\" the actor says. And what about the praises coming his way? \"I'm a bathroom singer,\" he laughs. \"But I was lucky to have managed to pull it off. Now, it's up to the audience to receive it well.\"More such singing offers are also welcome, Indraneil adds. Touching the right chord, and how!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "gurdaspur", "code": "12323175", "title": "'Commando action' to save jail inmate", "text": "GURDASPUR: In a three-and-a-half hour 'commando action' , three jail inmate commandos of Gurdaspur Central Jail 'rescued ' another stubborn inmate who had climbed atop a water tank demanding to talk to his girlfriend over mobile phone and a dose of intoxicant (charas ).Superintendent of jail Shammi Kumar told TOI on Sunday that Joginder Pal, who was recently lodged in the jail under the Excise Act, had climbed atop the water tank and threatened to commit suicide. He said first they tried to talk to him through the sound system but he remained adamant and kept on demanding mobile phone and charas. Sources said that Joginder Pal demanded to talk to his girlfriend over a mobile phone.Jail superintendent said when Joginder Pal refused to come down they planned an operation with the help of jail staff and three jail inmate commandos of Border Security Force and Central Industrial Security Force. \"First we sent one commando with mobile phone, then second went with a cigarette and then third went with a fake intoxicant,\" he said adding that they tried to involve him in a dialogue. On getting an opportunity, they caught hold of him and tied his hands and legs and brought him down.He said they found that Joginder Pal was an addict who was pressurizing jail staff to concede to his demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12321207", "title": "MSEDCL goes hi-tech to increase efficiency of meter readers", "text": "NAGPUR: MSEDCL has started a pilot meter reading project in Congress Nagar division using general packet radio service (GPRS).Executive director Anil Khaparde said the technology would enable MSEDCL to keep tabs on meter readers. \"A GPRS chip will be installed on camera of meter reader, so we can track him in real time. We will know geographical location of a consumer where reader has gone. We will be assured that reader has actually visited the consumer's house. The exact date and time of reading will also be known.\"Khaparde further said MSEDCL had decided to implement the project on pilot basis in every circle. Congress Nagar division had been chosen in Nagpur urban circle.Chief engineer Ramesh Bundile explained that there would be no need for offline data punching due to this technology. \"As reading validation will be done on the field itself, there will be reduction in reading errors. The meter reader, after taking a photograph, will check whether the reading in it matches the actual. If the two figures match he will send the photograph to the central server, which will immediately send it to the billing department.\"Superintending engineer Prasad Reshme said that earlier it used to take 10 days to generate a bill after a meter reading was taken. Now, the time would come down to five days.MSEDCL is in bad financial shape and desperately needs to increase its cash flow. The banks have now become wary of lending to power companies due to large scale defaults by state-run power utilities. Managing director Ajoy Mehta has directed officers to continuously undertake drives against power thieves and defaulters. Several amnesty schemes have been announced for farmers to make them pay bills running into hundreds of crores. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12323087", "title": "Poets raise laughter riot in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Sangam city reverberated with laughter as Hindi satirists regaled the audience at the famous 'Hurdang' and 'Thitholi' poetic symposiums. Hurdang was organised at Swaroop Rani Park at Zero Road while Thitholi was organised at Preetam Nagar.The main highlight of the Hurdang was the presentation of poetry by Padma Bhushan Gopal Das Neeraj. His lines 'Ab koi mazhab aisa bhi banaya jaye, jisme insaan ko insaan banaya jaye' was appreaited by everyone. The couplet \"Mat karo priye roop ka abhiman, kabr hai dharti, kafan hai aasman,\" also drew wide applause from the audience. Neeraj was awarded Kalash Samman at the programme.Poet Danda Banarsi from Varanasi and Sand Banarsi presented many humourous poems which evoked laughter from the people. Sand Banarsi also made political observations and commented on the present government. 'Bijli deenge muft mein, karz karenge maaf, muft sichai, bhatta denge, chatron ko laptop, chachat hazar crore par hoga bahut bawal,kaise galegi yaroon mulayam singh ki daal,' he said. Rajendra Malviya presented the lines 'Ruthne aur manane ka ab hum mein dum raha hi nahin hai, unse kah kar kahan jaayeen, hamare ghar mein koi doosra karma hi nahin hai.' Akhilesh Azim Allahabadi said: \"Roti ankhon mein hansi aaj sajane aaya hoon, ghut ti sanso mein nai saans basane aaya hoon.\"Other poets who recited their poetic verses included Manik Verma, Sardar Kuldvinder Singh Kaang and Surendra Sarthak. 'Thitholi' was organsied at Preetamnagar. The poets presented many humorous lines which brought smiles on the faces of the assembled people. Arun Gemini presented 'Lokpal kaise jokepal ke jaadu mein kho sakta hai, mujhe lagta hai is desh mein bhrastachar bhi kuch le de ke khatam ho sakta hai.' Saroj Tyagi recited the lines 'Chun chun sansad mein gaye hum par karne raaj, sattar pratishat mafia baki kabootarbaaz.' Rajesh Rahi said \"Na hum sulaphas khate hain, na hum phasi lagate hain, zaroorat pare to hum jaan ki baazi lagate hain. Subah jo channelon par gyan ki ganga bahate hain, who baba raat ko pocho kahan dubki lagate hain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322668", "title": "Central Vigilance Commission blows lid off dairy land scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Vigilance Commission, acting on a complaint received from MCD about irregularities in the allotment of dairy plots at Ghogha Dairy Colony, has approached police for investigating the alleged scam.The commission has told the crime branch that around 66% of applicants with no dairies were considered for booking of dairy plots.It has also alleged that in documents pertaining to booking of 1377 plots, bearing the signature of MCD veterinary officer S K Yadav, the allottees have allegedly given out addresses of different floors of buildings and housing societies as locations of their dairies.The CVC has asked police to probe Yadav's role in the allotment of the plots. In a complaint filed with police, it said the veterinary officer had also booked a large number of plots in the name of applicants who were running dairies in rural areas and were not eligible for the allotment. Police have registered a case against Yadav charging him with criminal conspiracy, cheating, among others. They suspect the role of a few others in the scam, sources said. Police are also assessing the loss caused by the scam to the exchequer, the sources added.The CVC started investigations after receiving a complaint from MCD, which had also provided it with documentary proof.H K Beniwal, deputy secretary, CVC, in his statement to police, said, \"It is observed from the documents submitted by the complainant that the director (veterinary services), in his letter addressed to the joint commissioner of police, anti-corruption bureau (ACB), had pointed out the irregularities by S K Yadav in the allotment of plots.\"Police said that according to the CVC, the additional commissioner (health)MCD, had brought to the notice of the MCD commissioner that his sanction was not available for engaging a firm yet Yadav issued an engagement letter to it.\"A decision was taken by the commissioner to stop paying the firm. It was also decided that the case may be referred to the vigilance department for probe,\" Beniwal said in the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12323190", "title": "Territorial Army recruitment on March 20", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A recruitment rally for Territorial Army will be held at 36 PAC Battalion ground Ram Nagar, Varanasi from 5am on March 20 under the aegis of 111 Infantry Battalion (Territorial Army) Kumaon. Soldier (General Duties) and Equipment Repairer (ER) posts vacancies will be filled up during the recruitment rally.Educational requirement for soldier General Duties is 10th pass with 45% and for Equipment Repairer (ER) 10th/ITI, higher educated candidates would be exempted from 45% rules in 10th pass. Natives of Chitrakut, Mirzapur, Sonbhadra, Chandauli, Ghazipur, Ballia, Deoria, Gorakhpur, Kushinagar, Maharajnagar, Naugarh, Basi and Akbarpur will be allowed for the recruitment.Documents required for the recruitment are education, domicile, character, NCC/computer/sport certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12322569", "title": "\u2018Tainted\u2019 officials and a ton of liquor bottles", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Government officials reportedly involved in corruption-related cases have one thing in common -large quantities of foreign brand liquor bottles at their residence. More than 100 liquor bottles of different international brands have reportedly been recovered from the house of some tainted government servants, who were arrested by CBI in different bribe related cases, in the last one year.\"The recovery of 48 bottles of various international brands from the house of superintendent of Central Board of Excise and Customs V P Singh has left us puzzled and we decided to take the assistance of police. Subsequently, it came to light that accused Singh had no valid permit to store these bottles and a case was lodged against him at the nearby police station,\" a CBI official said.Singh was arrested for accepting a bribe of Rs 1.50 lakh in Ludhiana. 48 liquor bottles were recovered from his house in Sector 38 on March 17. SHO of PS 39, Charanjeet Singh, said the local police have taken a total 27 samples of the recovered bottles and these would be sent to CFSL-36 for chemical examination.V P Singh is the fifth accused in a row who possessed large quantity of foreign liquor. Though in one of the case a government official was found having valid permit for storing the bottles, in remaining four cases accused stored foreign liquor without any permit.In July, 2011, members of anti-corruption branch of CBI were left surprised when they found 45 bottles of international brand liquor stored in the house of Punjab Police Services (PPS) officer Raka Gira in Sector 15. Gira was arrested for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh from a realtor inside her house.Assistant commissioner with UT Excise &amp; Taxation Department, S K Dube, said, \"If a person has a valid excise permit, he can store maximum 36 bottles of any brand and without permit he can store 18 bottles.\" Ironically, in all these cases none of the tainted officials had a valid permit.Similarly, CBI sleuths had recovered 25 bottles from the house of a tainted Chandigarh cop Som Nath in Sector 26 in August, 2011. The cop was arrested for accepting a bribe of Rs 8,000 and a case of the Excise Act was registered at PS 26.A senior CBI official said, \"Investigation of the Excise Act does not come under the jurisdiction of CBI hence we have forwarded these cases to local police for investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12322773", "title": "Goa dreams: Digha to get a facelift soon", "text": "Kolkata: With its sparkling blue waters and clean litter-free beaches, Digha used to be a favourite getaway for people of Kolkata till two decades ago. It was a place where one could spend a quiet weekend with the family. That was when the crowds started swelling and maintenance took a backseat, turning the 'Brighton of the East' into a poor man's sea resort.Now, if the Digha Shankarpur Development Authority has its way, south Bengal's most famous retreat will soon receive a facelift. The authority is working on a plan to revive the sea shore areas of Digha, Shankarpur, Tajpur and Mandarmoni. It plans to beautify the beaches and is likely to hand over Digha's solid waste management to a private agency in a meeting on March 23.Authority chairman Debashis Sen said that they are drawing up a long- and a short-term study on the issue. \"A study is going on to find a long-term solution on how to keep the coastal belt clean. For short-term measures, a decision is likely to be taken at a meeting on March 23 to appoint a specialised agency that will look after solid waste management of these coastal areas,\" Sen said. The authority has recently got a report from an agency on the present situation and how it could be developed. It is also working on the World Bank scheme of integrated coastal zone management.At present, Digha lacks an effective waste disposal system. Though the authorities have taken various measures to ensure a clean disposal, but the rules are violated time and again. Besides banning the use of plastic at the sea resort, bins have been set up at several points along the beach and boards with messages have been put up to create awareness. But these measures have failed to prevent littering and the use of plastic. Plans are also on to execute public-private-partnership projects for developing infrastructure and improving overall connectivity to and from the sea shores.Sen said the government wants strict adherence to the coastal regulation zone (CRZ) norms. A team from the Institute of Wetland Management earlier visited Mandarmoni to make the physical demarcation where coastal zone regulations will be applicable. Earlier, the state urban development banned further construction of new hotels in Mandarmoni.The Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority and ILFS were jointly making spot assessments and collecting land records in these coastal areas to develop beach tourism, set up adventure sport villages and develop connectivity to and from the coastal areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12324552", "title": "Hyderabad Times Most Desirable People 2011", "text": "You decide! Cast your vote now and help the sexiest celebs in town make it to the top 20 of Hyderabad Times Most Desirable People 2011Successful, stylish and super sexy - an army of drool-worthy celebs have managed to win the hearts of Hyderabadis with their good looks and smoking hot attitudes. And if you think a celebrity, who is born in Hyderabad, lives in the city or acts in Telugu movies, has got what it takes to be the most desirable star around, then it's time for you to vote for them. Finally, here's your poll where you, the reader, will have a say. Presenting the 'Hyderabad Times Most Desirable People, 2011' - your chance to decide who are the sexiest celebrities in town.The polls have pitted some of the hottest people against each other to battle it out and win your hearts with their sheer desirability. From superstar Mahesh Babu and spunky Rana Daggubati, to the sexy Samantha and the sporty Saina, the celebs who have had us smitten, now need your help. Vote for your favorite lust-worthy figures and get them to the top 20 of Hyderabad Times Most Desirable People 2011 list. Remember, all your votes make a difference, so make each one count!To vote log on to itimes.com/pollsVoting closes on April 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12323295", "title": "7-day pulse polio drive kicks off", "text": "KANPUR: Thousands of children were administered polio drops under the first phase of 'special pulse polio immunisation programme (SPPIP)', which began in the district and nearby areas on Sunday. During the six-day polio programme (March 18 to 23), the district health department has also planned to administer polio drops to over 7 lakh children below the age of five years in the region.The day one of polio programme was inaugurated by district magistrate Hari Om who administered polio drops to a newborn baby at AHM Dufferin Hospital. Children were given polio drops at a total of 2,164 booths in the city and rural areas.A five-day house-to-house pulse polio programme has also been planned in which volunteers will visit houses in case any child has not been administered polio drops. Additional chief medical officer Dr A P Chaturvedi said that this time, the pulse polio immunisation campaign will be carried out all seven days, out of which five days will be for door-to-door campaigns.The health staff and primary school teachers have also been urged to volunteer for the programme.Dr Jai Singh, chief medical officer of the district, said that there are a total of 108 teams constituted for the pulse polio mission. Besides, 73 mobile teams are also a part in this mission. He added that 1,613 door-to-door members are also a part of this noble initiative.Various teams will also remain stationed at railway stations, bus stands and other public spots including markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322708", "title": "Green Park buoyed by 'model' ward", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) failed to keep the city clean, south Delhi RWAs have taken upon themselves to make things work. Now, residents of Green Park have decided to introduce the concept of model ward - when residents monitor the condition of the ward - in their area.After the success of the project in Punjabi Bagh, RWAs of Green Park have decided to work towards improving their civic facilities. \"An advisory team, consisting of 4-5 members, will be chosen to monitor the condition of the ward. The participation in the team will be open as members will work on rotational basis. A weekly report on the cleaning of dhalaos, street sweeping and clearing of debris will be prepared and submitted to the MCD commissioner. These advisors will later help the councillor in deciding what developmental work should take place in the future,\" said Anita Bhargava, who introduced the concept of model ward in Punjabi Bagh area.After the implemention of the concept in Punjabi Bagh last year, the condition of the area improved drastically, Anita added. \"The sanitation staff was regular and the dhalaos were cleared daily. While the civic agency is struggling hard to keep the city clean, the MCD officials are motivated about the concept. Many councillors have told us that they will introduce the concept in their ward,\" she said.For proper implementation of the concept, retired MCD officials will also be incorporated in the advisory team. According to RWAs of Green Park, the concept will be introduced in over 50 wards. \"A councillor is like the first citizen of a ward and he/she can do a lot for the people. However, most of them disappear after winning the polls. With this concept, we are making them accountable,\" said Pankaj Aggarwal of Delhi RWA Joint Front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12322744", "title": "Vitamins should be taken only when required, cautions PGI dietician", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Vitamins fall under two types: water and fat-soluble. Water soluble like vitamin C and B get out of the body through excretion, but what is concerning is over usage of fat soluble vitamins like A, D, E and K.\"Vitamin toxicity is one of the major side effects. Vitamins are micronutrients and should not be taken more than the required amount. However, one must get vitamins and minerals from diet rather than supplements. Medicines come in different dosages and if your body's need is not according to the dosage it can result in toxicity over the years,\" said Madhu Sharma, senior dietician, PGI.Every time there is some research on a particular vitamin some people take it as a magic pill. \"Few years ago there had been hype around vitamin E considered as an anti ageing vitamin. We had seen many people going in for the supplement. Now, there is lot of talk on vitamin D. especially those who are deficient can have osteoporosis as it allows calcium to be absorbed.However, excess of this vitamin can result in kidney stones,\" said Dr Seema Sharma, gynaecologist in a city-based hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12321811", "title": "Five-hour mega block strands WR travellers", "text": "Mumbai: Western Railway (WR) commuters faced difficulties due to the jumbo block carried out between Borivli and Goregaon stations from 10.35am to 3.35pm on Sunday.Mega blocks between Thane and Kalyan on Central Railway (CR) and Panvel to Nerul on Harbour line also affected passengers.\"The WR jumbo block affected frequency of trains in the morning. The problem was compounded when auto drivers refused trips or demanded excess fare,\" said a commuter.However, a WR spokesperson denied that train services were affected in a major way. \"Due to the block, servicing of signal and overhead equipment was carried out for five hours between Borivli and Goregaon. During this period, slow trains ran on the fast route between the two stations. However, some trains were cancelled,\" said a senior official.During the mega block on CR, maintenance work on the fast line between Thane and Kalyan stations from 10.50am to 3.20pm. Fast trains, which were diverted on the slow track, halted at all stations between Thane and Kalyan. Services between Panvel and Nerul stations came to a halt from 11am to 3pm. Trans-harbour line services were suspended between Panvel and Nerul station from 11.05am to 2.16pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12326929", "title": "BSF shot dead 3 Pak smugglers and recovers 22 kg heroin", "text": "AMRITSAR: A patroling party of BSF shot dead three Pak smugglers and recoverd 22 kg heroin valued at around Rs. 110 crore in the international market. According to reports a patroling party of BSF spotted some suspicious movement near Dharma border outpost on Indo Pak border on the wee hours of Momday. BSF challanged the Pak smugglers who ignored the warning and opened fire at BSF.In retaliatory fire BSF shot dead three Pak nationals said sources. in a follow up search of the area BSF recoverd 22 packets of heroin. BSF and police have launched a massive manhunt to nab the Indian smugglers who were to receive the smuggled heroin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "12324137", "title": "Newborn Tanya gets a big welcome party", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: The Chawla family welcomed the new member of the family in a big way on Sunday. They threw a lavish party for Tanya, the newborn, blessed to Harleen and Jagjit Singh Chawla. All the friends and family members gathered for showering their blessings on the baby.Great grandmother specially came from Belgaum, Karnataka, to give her blessings to the baby. Expressing her happiness, Sarla Merwade said, She is the little angle of our family. Next month she is going to USA with her parents, so I could not miss this opportunity, as I wont be able to see her after this. She bought gold bangles for the baby.The girl was born on February 16 but the family could not organize any party at that time, so they did it now on Sunday. Harleen said, Tanya is Gods blessing for us and we are going to keep her like a princess. All the arrangements were made keeping in mind girlish likes such as pink and white coloured decoration in the hotel.Jagjit Singh Chawla, who works with Google said, This girl is very lucky for me as after her birth, I got a call from USA for a project and we are leaving next month. Moreover, in our immediate family, a baby girl has taken birth after many years, so everybody is very excited.He added he has started saving right now for her bright future. Maternal grandparents, Rima and Paramjit Singh Juneja, who live in Sarabha Nagar, were all the more excited about the celebrations.Rima said, When my daughter was pregnant, I had organized a baby shower ceremony for her despite the fact that in Sikh families, there is no such tradition. Now when the baby has come to this world, a celebration was must. She said they danced and enjoyed a sumptuous lunch together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326845", "title": "Suseenthirana would like to work with Ajith", "text": "Suseenthiran sure comes as one who has his head firmly on his shoulders. Fresh from the success of Azhagarsamiyin Kudhirai, which won national acclaim, the director says that he is not awestruck by stars.\"I don't think of big names when I direct my films, and only go by who would suit the role best, even if the actor is not very popular. However, Ajith sir is one actor whose potential has not been used to the fullest, and I would like to work with him in future, as he is very talented,\" he says. While most of his films have been on off-beat themes, the director feels that is the way that the story is told that makes it interesting.\"The audience doesn't always appreciate formula masala films, and gives importance to how well the story is told. The storyline must be able to engage the audience, and that is what I try to do through my films,\" he explains.In the city to scout for locations for his next project, the director considers the city to be on a par with Chennai in terms of the audience, and the locations.\"Coimbatore may have dwindled in popularity as a shooting spot after the bomb blasts in 1998, but the fact remains that the dams and rivers are apt locations to shoot in, and major portions of my next film will be shot here,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322852", "title": "After Italians\u2019 kidnapping, Centre stops anti-Naxal operations in Orissa", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the Maoists continued to harden their stand over the abducted Italians, the Centre on Sunday asked its forces to stop anti-Naxal operations in consultation with the state government which has initiated back-channel efforts to get the foreign tourists released.As soon as the state police confirmed the abduction, India informed Italy about the incident which comes at a time when ties between the two countries have come under stress over the killing of two Indian fishermen by Italian naval guards off the Kerala coast over a month ago.\"India informs Italy of efforts being made by Orissa government for release of two kidnapped Italian nationals,\" Syed Akbaruddin, ministry of external affairs spokesman, tweeted after foreign minister S M Krishna spoke to Orissa chief minister Naveen Patnaik who briefed him on the efforts being made to secure the release of the hostages.Though CRPF personnel have been asked not to go for combing operations in the tribal-dominated Kandhamal-Ganjam region where the two Italians - Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo - were abducted, officials here said the forces would not leave the area.Sources said the state had already roped in Dandapani Mohanty, convener of the Jana Adhikar Manch, and others to mediate with the ultras. Although everything is being handled by Orissa government, central security agencies are learnt to have conveyed to the state that any negotiation can be made from a position of strength as the Maoists are unlikely to harm the Italians fearing international condemnation.Officials here believed that the abduction was done at the behest of CPI (Maoist) Orissa organizing committee secretary Sabyasachi Panda who, of late, had lost ground among cadres in the state due to his virtual shunning by ultras from the powerful Andhra Pradesh group.Meanwhile, Italian consul general Joel Nechiori rushed to Bhubaneswar and met the state home secretary.\"We are hopeful that the kidnappers will accept the appeal made by the chief minister to release the hostages. We are working together with the police and administration,\" he was quoted as saying by news agencies.Nechiori said his country would revise the travel advisory to their nationals and ask them to abide by the advice of local authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326707", "title": "Gautham Menon records in London", "text": "Music always plays an important role in a Gautham Menon directorial venture. Right from his debut Minnale, he's had good music.This time around, his trilingual project Neethane En Ponvasantham, which stars Samantha as the female lead, while Jiiva, Nani and Aditya Roy Kapoor play the leads in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi respectively, will have music maestro Ilaiyaraaja composing the tunes.The filmmaker is off to London to record the songs. \"I am off to record the songs with Raja. He is someone I've grown up listening to and I love his tunes. I am excited about working with him as it is a dream come true for me,\" says Gautham.While the teaser promo that was released a month back had the famous Ilaiyaraaja song that the film's title is inspired from, a little known fact is that Gautham himself sang the song that Jiiva lip syncs in it. Ask him if he will be singing the full song which will be remastered and released in this film and he says, \"Oh no! I am not a singer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12323577", "title": "Youths behead 80-year-old man in Betul", "text": "BHOPAL: In a plot reminiscent of a Bollywood potboiler, five brothers beheaded an 80-year-old man, whose son had killed their father about a month ago in Betul district of Madhya Pradesh.The accused chopped the head of the octogenarian and left it in the forest area close to village Bodi. The police also recovered the charred body close to spot from where the head was recovered.The Ganj police said deceased Bhujal's son, Fagu allegedly murdered a man identified as Dheemer. Fagu was arrested and sent to jail soon after but the deceased's five sons, Veeran, Baili, Jagannath, Imrat and Chuttan were not satisfied with the punishment and wanted to kill father of the accused, who killed their father. The five accused had publically vowed to settle scores with the family, local villagers told the police.The police said Bhujal had gone to graze cattle on Saturday but did not return till late. However, when the family members searched for him, they found his head in the forests close to the village. The body was also recovered at some distance from the spot, the police added.The needle of suspicion pointed towards five brothers whose father was killed by Bhujal's son a month back. Suspicion further got strengthened when the brothers were found missing from their house, the police added.Subsequently, the police registered a murder case against them. The police suspected that the accused beheaded Bhujal and burnt the remaining body. The chopped head was left out in open as message of taking the revenge, the police added.The body was sent for autopsy while the efforts are on to nab the five accused who are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12323001", "title": "Bus catches fire in Himmatganj", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A private bus caught fire due to mosquito coil in Hammatganj in Khuladbad police circle in the wee hours of Sunday.However, timely action by the police and bus driver averted a major tragedy. Inspector Khuldabad police station said a private bus carrying 50 pilgrims had come from Chhattisgarh to Allahabad on Saturday. The bus driver and cleaner parked the bus on a roadside and slept inside.They lit a mosquito coil. In the wee hours, the bus caught fire. But, the driver and cleaner managed to come out of the burning bus. As soon as the police received the information, a fire-fighting vehicle was dispatched to control the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321453", "title": "Make optimum use of natural resources: Narendra Modi", "text": "PUNE: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi raised the pitch for full utilisation of solar energy and use of rainwater for rapid growth of a state.He was speaking at a programme organized by 'Vanrai' to release two editions of a book authored by former union minister Mohan Dharia, on Sunday.\"The development of Gujarat in recent years was possible because of proper utilisation of natural resources. Projects on rainwater harvesting and solar power generation have given a boost to the state's development,\" he said.Modi said the scheme for solar power generation gave a boost to electricity generation in the state which eventually helped Gujarat overcome load-shedding. \"At present, the state is generating 650 MW solar power which is highest in Asia by any single state. With more such projects in the offing, the aim is to generate maximum solar power possible and make Gujarat the solar power capital of the world. Some new projects that are currently in the pipeline will generate an additional 3,000 MW power. We plan to set up more such plants in the future. Optimum use of solar power will not just save the environment but also help the state's exchequer. In future, the rate of solar power generation will be at par with the rate of generation from other sources such as thermal.\"Modi said they have built over two lakh small bunds (stop dams) on rivers using local raw materials for rainwater harvesting. \"It has helped raise the ground water levels by nearly 3 meters. In some areas the level has gone up by nearly 13 meters.\"City MP Suresh Kalmadi was seated in the same row with Modi. He met the Gujarat CM before the start of the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12322916", "title": "Mani cannot wish away bad debt", "text": "KOCHI: Finance minister K M Mani, set to deliver his 10th budget on Monday, will have to take some unpopular decisions if he's to save the state from a fiscal crisis and to deliver on his promise of \"set(ting) a long term path for development in diverse fields\".While the state can pride itself for a growth of 9.13% in GSDP in 2010-2011, especially considering the global recessionary trend, the cold fact remains that it is \"debt-stressed'', with its debt burden more than double its total financial assets. Kerala shares this dubious distinction with West Bengal and Punjab.According to B A Prakash, newly appointed chairman of state expenditure committee, the state current's fiscal position is so precarious that nearly 88% of the loans it is availing from various agencies have to be used to repay loan installments and interests. Nearly 76% of the revenue receipts of the state are being used under three heads: salary, pension and interest repayment. Deficit has shot up to 21.59% of expenditure according to the 2011-12 budget estimates, while Kerala's number of pensioners and government employees are set to become equal in the coming years.Prakash insists that the state will have to both hike tax rates and ensure better tax compliance to find resources for performing its core developmental roles. Here also the budget has limited room for maneuver if it adopts a conservative approach, as various stakeholders are influential organized groups. For instance, the bulk of gold sales happen by evading taxes. But the government cannot do anything significantly to ensure compliance. Even the namesake ST raids have become near impossible because of the organized pressure from traders.There are many items where the state is levying only sub-normal fees. For instance, the court-fee stamp for various applications is between a meagre Re 1 to Rs 5. Government quarters don't charge even 10%of the rents prevailing in the market. Fees in government colleges, including medical and engineering colleges are also abysmally low. The various subsidies in the farm, handloom, and coir sectors don't reach the intended group. But the pressure groups will resist any reforms in all these sectors.Even while the fiscal position is so grim, the annual plan expenditure has also been dismal, Prakash said. For instance out of the Rs 8,879 crore passed by the state assembly for the 2009-10 annual plan expenditure, only Rs 6,785 was spent. Similarly out of the Rs 50,115 crore sanctioned by the state assembly for expenditure in the 2009-2010 budget only Rs 36,877 crore was spent. Utilization of the funds allocated for the centrally-sponsored schemes like NREGA is also poor in the State.Added to this is the threat of recession looming large over the global and Indian economies, and its fall-out on Kerala, which is heavily dependent on remittance. So it is important to go in for better financial management and launch measures to stimulate economy through effective public spending, Prakash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12327182", "title": "Trisha's 'Home Work' For Jr.NTR's Functions", "text": "Off course, heroines are expected to do some home-work to satisfy the image the hero they are working with when they are publicizing his movie. This time, it is petite beauty Trisha's turn for Jr.NTR!Audio release of Jr.NTR's much talked flick 'Dammu' is on the cards very soon. Initially it is decided as 23rd March, but the makers have opted for a much later date citing technical problems. Anyways, our dazzling beauty has promised to talk in Telugu language the next time when she graces stage, during 'Teenmaar' audio launch. It's time for her now to fulfill her promise as the competition from another ravishing siren is also hunting her down the lane.Apparently, milky beauty Tamanna seduced everyone with her solace laced voice uttering complete speech in Telugu during 'Racha' audio event. With Trisha taking a break from 'Dammu' shoot for the next one week, the makers are expecting her to catch a 'Learn Telugu in 30 Days' book. Wait for Trisha's Telugu magic folks!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12322961", "title": "Coir can be converted to manure", "text": "PANAJI: Coir waste, or coir pith or dust, can be profitably converted into valuable organic manure for gardening and horticulture and the fibre for making geotextiles in erosion control, say scientists.Participants at a national seminar on composting of coir pith and use of geotextiles discussed the varied uses of the byproduct of the coir industry at Old Goa on Saturday.Goa has coconut plantations spanning 26,000 hectares and an annual production of 129 million nuts with an anverage productivity of 5011 nuts per ha per annum.The compost prepared from coir pith is an ideal soil re-conditioner, soil structure improver and soil substrate with excellent water holding capacity. It contains macro and micronutrients, such as nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium.V Arunachalam, principal scientist, ICAR research complex, Old Goa explained how coco peat from coir pith can be used as a horticultural substrate.Soil-less media like peat helps in areas where it is difficult to find topsoil with uniformity in physical and chemical properties. Another ICAR scientist H R Prabhudesai spoke about experiences in composting techniques of biodegrdable organic waste in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12323595", "title": "Centre takes a cue from state\u2019s vaccination drive", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government's pregnancy, child-tracking and health service management system, which was launched in 2009, has now become a tool for the Centre to estimate the actual vaccine requirement for the year 2012-2013 in the country.The state's medical, health and family welfare department had launched the system in 2009 and the Centre decided to follow suit and launched an infant tracking system to encourage immunization in every state. The Centre also launched similar mother and child tracking system (MCTS) in all the states.To encourage immunization, the Centre has written to all the states that it would use MCTS data of deliveries to estimate the requirement of vaccines for the year 2012-2013. The data was based on the vaccine coverage as reported in MCTS, an official said.The official said Rajasthan was the first state which introduced the online tracking system of pregnant women and infants in the country.The state medical, health and family welfare department bagged the 2011-12 national award for e-governance for its unique pregnancy, child tracking and health services management system and also the state's demographer J P Jat was awarded for his outstanding performance in citizen-centric service delivery by the Union public administration department for the same project.The official said the letter written by the Centre to all the states would encourage the medical, health and family welfare departments to register pregnant women and later the newborns on the tracking system. The tracking system keeps a record of sub centres, primary health centres, community health centres and district hospitals.Also, it records names of women, who are pregnant and whether they are regular in antenatal care tests. Contact numbers of the pregnant women are also mentioned in the tracking system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "12322829", "title": "3 injured in Trinamool infighting", "text": "Durgapur: Three Trinamool Congress supporters were injured when two rival groups of the party reportedly clashed at a meeting convened by law and judiciary minister Moloy Ghatak at Jhanjhra Colony Ground in Laudoha, Durgapur, on Sunday morning. While the groups have lodged complaints against each other, no one has been arrested as yet.Ghatak said the matter will be sorted out soon.Trouble broke out when the rival groups, one headed by Durjoy Biswas and the other by Uttam Mukherjee, attacked each other with rods over invitation to the meeting. One group reportedly alleged that members of the other group had joined the CPM.Three persons sustained head injuries in the clash. While two of the victims were admitted to Durgapur Bidhan Nagore subdivisional hospital, one person was released after first aid.CPM Pandaveswar MLA Gouranga Chatterjee denied the clash had anything to do with his party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12323484", "title": "SHO shunted out for arrest of fraudsters against MLA\u2019s wish", "text": "JODHPUR: Taking cognizance of reports that Pokhran MLA Saleh Mohammed had urged the former station house officer (SHO) of Ramgarh police station not to arrest three persons booked for fraud, the inspector general of police, Jodhpur range has sought the case diary and started an investigation.It has been stated that the SHO, Jagdish Bishnoi, got a phone call from MLA Saleh Mohammed telling him not to arrest three persons booked in a fraud case. However, Bishnoi not only went ahead and arrested them, but he also mentioned in the case diary that MLA Saleh Mohammed had asked him not to arrest the three accused.On March 13, the SHO was transferred from Ramgarh to Jalore and there was a strong buzz that he was shunted out on the directions of the MLA.Confirming about the SHO writing about the pressure of Saleh Mohammad in the case dairy, inspector general of police, Jodhpur range, Umesh Mishra said he had asked the SP for the copy of diary and the entire report of this case. Apart from this, he has also asked for the files.Meanwhile, MLA Saleh Mohammed denied the charges: \"I am not behind his transfer. I only know that he had mentioned something about me in the case diary,\" said Mohammed.On June 2006, the then sarpanch Moeen Khan and his two friends Subhan Khan and Alsher Khan were booked in a fraud case relating to 18.5 bighas of land at Khuiyala village in Ramgarh. The entire case was investigated in 2011 by additional SP Ganpatlal who found the involvement of Moeen Khan and his two friends. On this, SP Mamta Vishnoi directed Ramgarh police station in-charge Jagdish Vishnoi to arrest the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "12324060", "title": "Road work hits roadblock in Dugri", "text": "DUGRI: First, the residents waited for sewerage pipes to be laid, and when it became a reality after endless hurdles, now the MC officials are not constructing the road.It means there is no relief in sight for residents as of now, and driving on smooth road will still be a distant dream for them, as the officials say they would construct the roads after rainy season.Residents rue it took almost 3 years for the officials to complete this project and even now they are not in a hurry to get rid of the problem. They complain that after long wait, the officials completed the work, but now are not laying concrete road. MC has just covered it with sand, resulting in bumpy and slippery road, especially for the two wheeler riders who are at the risk of skidding.A resident Dr Ajay Shahi said, The MC officials had started the work of connecting the sewerage line of several areas of Dugri with main sewerage line around 3 years ago and Rs 46lakh were sanctioned for it. But owing to tardy speed of the work, the residents faced problems in passing through the main road. We were forced to find alternative routes for moving out.Another resident and advocate Sanjeev Malhotra said, This road is no longer safe for driving as every day two wheelers skip here and people who drive cars get backache. If officials cannot construct road even this time, they should at least set the ground in such a way that commuters do not face problems.Additional commissioner (technical) Manjit Singh said, The sewerage laying was completed after so many roadblocks and now when the work has come to end, we cannot lay the road immediately because the new sewerage work takes time to settle down.The civic officials had laid down storm sewerage in Model Town in the beginning of 2011 and started road construction work recently. The commuters had to battle it out for almost one year and now Dugri residents would face the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12323103", "title": "Surveillance polio rounds from April", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Though not a single polio case has been reported in the district in past three years, the district health department is set to launch surveillance pulse polio rounds from next month. Chief medical officer Dr Ramesh Kumar Srivastava told TOI that the aim behind launching surveillance round is to keep track on polio cases. He added that team of health department is maintaining a close watch in the same regard and every nook and corner of the district is being covered.Health officials said that one of the causes behind carrying out similar drives on frequent intervals was presence of patients suffering from acute flaccid paralysis (AFP), a symptom that indicates the presence of wild polio virus. It is on account of such high number of AFP cases that the risk of polio may not be completely ruled out. Till March 12 this year, 2855 AFP cases have been reported. The union health ministry is making efforts to promote community awareness, support polio eradication programme and motivate the polio workforce.As a part of surveillance, any child below 15 years who unexpectedly develops slackness or weakness or paralysis in any part of the body is investigated thoroughly. Such cases are called Acute Flaccid Paralysis (AFP). In such cases, stool samples are collected from all AFP cases and tested to rule out polio as a cause of the illness. Polio is one of the several causes of AFP and not the only cause for AFP. It is incorrect to call an AFP case a polio case until confirmed by laboratory test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321715", "title": "422 tonnes of beef recovered in five years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government admitted that the police in about 201 cases have recovered 422 tonnes of beef in the last five years beginning from August 1, 2006. The government in reply to various questions of the Congress MLAs has said that in the last five years arrested 465 people for their involvement in the selling of beef.The reply also states that there in 72 cases, 222 people were arrested for killing cow and its progeny. The government said that the maximum seizure of beef was from Vadodara. In a single year between August 1, 2007 to July 31, 2008 the police, in three raids had arrested 22 people for selling beef. In a single year, the beef which was seized was worth 2.26 crore.The figure provided indicated that in the last four years since August 1, 2007 to 31 to June 2011 the police carried out six raids and 2,56,804 kg of beef. This was 60 per cent of the total beef recovered in the last five years in the state.The government in the reply stated that the raids were conducted in the last five years in Ahmedabad, Kodinar, Surat, Mehsana, Kutch, Junagadh, Dang, Dahod, Banaskantha, Kheda, Amreli, Anand, Jamnagar, Vadodara, Valsad, Tapi, Rajkot, Patan, Navsari, Gandhinagar and Bhavnagar. The figures provided stated that in Ahmedabad district, the police have arrested four people in just one case and 46,400 kg of beef recovered. The government said the police have also arrested 10 people in five cases of the killing of cow and its progeny.Officials said that the government has taken these incidents seriously and hence in September 2011, the government brought about an amendment. The state legislative assembly had unanimously cleared a bill to control the transportation of cattle within the state and outside. The Gujarat Animal Preservation (Amendment) Bill, 2011, specifically prevents the transportation of cow, the calf of a cow, a bull or a bullock. The bill makes it obligatory for anyone wanting to transport the animal to obtain a permit from a new authority to be set up. The transporter will have to show that he is ferrying bovines only for bonafide agricultural or animal husbandry purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12322599", "title": "Exam fever at its peak in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Exam fever seems to have gripped the whole of city with annual examinations of all boards in progress presently. Rashmi Mohan, Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) co-ordinator of Varanasi, said that around 4,000 students are appearing for class X while over 9,700 students are writing class XII exams this year. District inspector of schools ( DIOS) Vijay Shankar Misra said that 1,32,531 students of UP board class X and XII are taking the exams that began on March 16. Before the UP board examinations will conclude, entrance examinations of universities would begin.The Banaras Hindu University (BHU) has received 2,53,000 application forms for its entrance tests in different courses. The impact of ongoing exams is also visible at shopping malls and other public places, which are mostly frequented by students and youngsters. Shweta Jaiswal, a class XII student, said, \"As my board examinations have just begin, there is little time in hand to revise the concepts for IIT-JEE which will is scheduled for April 8, so I have put on hold all other activities like watching television and logging in to social networking sites. I am studying simultaneously for both the examination.\" Monica, a post-graduation student of science at BHU, said, \"As the syllabus for the entrance to higher studies is more or less the same, there is little hardship.However, we have to look at the subject more deeply and objectively which needs proper studies during this period.\" She added, \"I have said a complete no to social networking sites during this time, outings and hanging around with friends have also been reduced to negligible till the exams get over in May.\" Saba, a commerce student, said, \"I watch news and Bollywood songs on music channels to refresh my mood after hours of studies for post-graduation entrance exam. According to Diksha Srivastava, a student of class VIII, said her parents insist her to study continuously, while she likes to take small breaks by watching television and listening to music. \"If not given some break, I get exhausted and lethargy creeps in mind which even hampers the studies more,\" she added.Punam Rani Shukla, a counsellor and senior research scientist at Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU), said a little fear of exam is good, but it should not reach the level of stress. \"Plenty of students undergo stress during examination time, and most of them are those who are preparing for competitive and entrance examinations. It is not advisable to stay aloof, covered at home and cutting all social contacts during examination time. In fact, one should give 2-3 hours to leisure activities, like indoor games, brisk walk, listening to some light music and talking to friends,\" she added. According to Shukla, spending time on internet to get some refreshment while studying is not good, as it strains the eyes leading to dry eyes, senseless fingers (Carpel Syndrome), headache and irritation.She added, \"Parents who have high expectations from their children in highly competitive entrance examinations like medical and engineering must not pressurise them with their hopes, but let them explore their capabilities.\" Pradeep Srivastava, father of an engineering aspirant, said, \"As the competition is really tough, I would like my daughter to clear the exam this year itself and take admission in whichever good college she gets, so that she does not have to drop a year for the preparations.\" While students are preparing for board and entrance exams for higher studies, kids who are ready to begin their education in pre-schools and nursery classes are also learning basics from their parents to get admission in a good school.According to Sharavani Bhatnagar a resident of Chowkaghat area and mother of a five-year-old girl, there is no relief from running and enquiring about various schools and their teaching methods and selecting the right school for the child. Seema Singh, a mother of a six-year-old kid, said, \"The research for the right school began early in February itself. Now we are occupied with registration process and standing in long queues for interviews.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "12323232", "title": "Naval bicycle expedition", "text": "Karwar: A team of officers and sailors of naval base here will undertake a bicycle expedition from Karwar to Mangalore and back from March 19-24.Rear Admiral Atul Kumar Jain, VSM, Flag Officer Commanding, Karnataka naval area, will flag off the expedition at Kadamba Gate on Monday.The team will reach Mangalore on March 21, leave the city the next day and reach Karwar on March 24. The expedition aims at spreading awareness among the state youth about the senior secondary drive scheduled for March 29 at INS Kadamba Karwar. According to a press release from INS Kadamba, the team will explain to job aspirants the eligibility criteria and necessary documents to be brought for the recruitment drive.Candidates meeting the eligibility criteria should report at Arga main gate, naval base, at 6am on March 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12322009", "title": "Nearly 12L drivers fined on state highways in 5 years", "text": "Mumbai: Penalizing offenders may not be the only solution but since 2007, the year its powers to fine were reinstated after a gap of 20 years, the Maharashtra Highway Police has prosecuted nearly 12 lakh motorists for speeding, driving without licence, etc.A total of Rs 13.23 crore in penalties has been collected since. \"Of the 13,057 fatalities last year, 8,797 (or over 65%) were in the age group of 18-44,\" home minister R R Patil told the legislative council on Friday, in reply to a question whether it was true that 60% of the total highway fatalities in the state were youngsters.Over the past few years, Maharashtra has been continuously ranking among the top two states in highway fatalities across the country, just ahead of states like Uttar Pradesh and Tamil Nadu. On an average, about 10,000 people are killed on the state's highways every year, with an average accident count of over 75,000. In the last year, the death count exceeded the previous year, as 11,900 fatalities were recorded in 2007 and 12,400 in 2008.A series of corruption cases had forced the state government to snatch powers from the highway police, but it reinstated them in 2007. \"Since then, a highway complaints committee has been set up and is regularly looking into providing solutions to control highway facilities. The committee meets every month,\" said Patil.Among other measures, Patil said, the government has initiated an emergency medical response ( EMR) scheme to provide quick medical help to accident victims, 24-hour ambulance services, regular drives against errant drivers, improvement of roads and installation of digital vigilance boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12323260", "title": "Tamil-medium schools have their task cut out", "text": "For many, knowledge of the English language is one of the fastest and easiest ways to attain success. It opens doors to the world, say experts.But teachers in Tamil medium schools in the state have their task cut out as they struggle to impart English education to their students. \"While places like Max Mueller Bhavan and Alliance Francaise are able to teach their respective languages in eight to nine months, we are unable to teach our children English in 15 years. We need dynamic measures to teach English in our schools,\" said educationist S S Rajagopalan.While 75% of children in Maharashtra have enrolled in schools where Marathi is the medium of instruction, in Madhya Pradesh , Orissa, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh the rate of enrolment in schools that offer the mother tongue as the medium of instruction is above 90%. However, there is a staggering rise in the number of children studying in English medium schools across the country. In 2010-11 the number of children enrolled in English medium schools from classes 1 to 8 crossed the two crore mark - a 274% rise since 2003-04.Data also shows that Tamil Nadu is among the states where English as a medium of instruction is catching up with schooling in the mother tongue. While the rate of enrolment in English medium schools in both Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh is 35.8%, in Karnataka (13.28%) and Kerala (20%) the rates remain much lower.Delhi, Chandigarh, Goa, Jammu and Kashmir and a few northeast states are among the few where more students choose English as the medium of instruction. The state has not remained blind to this change in the mindset of parents. Chennai Corporation has 69 primary and middle schools that offer English as the medium of instruction. On Monday, mayor Saidai Duraisamy announced that 30 more schools will be converted into English medium schools in the next academic year. \"This is because the corporation believes that securing mastery in English will help them secure a good future,\" the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322717", "title": "Improper handling of laparoscopes may injure", "text": "LUCKNOW: Patients, operated upon for gall bladder stones through a laparoscope, who complain of persistent pain, discomfort, fever and feeling of illness must consult a doctor. Reason: Carelessness during a laparoscopic surgery can injure a patient's bile duct.\"The injury can lead to a condition called a benign bile duct stricture. This is one of the biggest examples of preventable surgeries,\" said Dr Anu Behari, a gastro surgeon at Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences. \"The injury can prove to be fatal, if ignored. The injury leads to strictures or narrowing of the bile duct. This prevents the transfer of bile juices into the intestine. As a result, the juices soak the liver and later spill over into the blood. This causes obstructive jaundice and eventually lead to death due to organ failure,\" explained Dr Rajnish Singh. Figures show that on an average, 40 new patients of such a benign bile duct stricture report every year at SGPGI.In the last 8-10 years, more than 600 patients of this condition have been operated at the centre, and this is largest in the world. However, globally, only 1% of the patients suffer from this condition.\"Gall bladder strictures are a result of poorly skilled doctors. The casualty happens when such doctors try to exceed the limit of what they (as a surgeon) can handle or what their centre is equipped with,\" said Dr Singh. The bile duct is the anatomical structure that takes digestive bile juices to the small intestine that helps in breaking down the food. The gall bladder, another organ in the gastro-intestinal track, is attached to this duct. The proximity of the gall bladder with the bile duct increases the risk of injury manifold.\"Stones of the gall bladder are quite common among the Indian population and laparoscopic surgery is seen as the obvious solution. There is nothing really wrong in the use of laparoscopes, but lack of precision in conducting the procedure can lead to a bile duct injury,\" said the doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12323246", "title": "\u2018Onus to check violence on court campus rests with district judge\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: \"Violence on the court campus cannot be tolerated and if the district judge is unable to check this, it would be treated as a failure on his part. And the high court may take a suitable action against the district judge who failed to prevent violence in the court or take appropriate action in time,\" said Justice Sudhir Kumar Saxena while hearing a criminal case recently.Justice Saxena observed in his order that being incharge of district court, district judge is duty bound to ensure that no violence takes place on court campus. Deciding the issue of recalling a witness for cross examination in Dildar &amp; others v/s The state of UP, Justice Saxena not only expressed concern over violence on court premises and safety of witnesses.He said that law makers would soon evolve a witness protection programme so that safety of witnesses is ensured before, during and after trial. \"One thing significant to note that even inside the court premises, witnesses are not safe and incidents of beating and misbehaviour with the witnesses on court premises or inside the court room are rising,\" he added. Justice Saxena also discussed the issue of inadequate amount being paid as 'diet money' to the witnesses. Witnesses come to the court from their houses missing their one-day wage. At present, they are being paid Rs 10 to 15, while in MNREGA, a labourer gets more than Rs 100.Registrar general and principal secretary (judicial) were directed to take necessary steps and ensure that the amount of 'diet money' is enhanced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12321851", "title": "HC stay on metro works: Hope for others affected?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court's stay order on Hyderabad Metro Rail (HMR) works between Greenland and Shilparamam has given hopes to the poor living on the stretch from Jubilee Bus Station to Falaknuma that their plight too will be taken up by the court suo moto.The high court stayed the works on Thursday on Corridor-3 based on a writ petition filed by a group of affected people who formed a Joint Action Committee. The slum dwellers living on Corridor-2, that lies between JBS and Falaknuma, who so far believed that no influential political party or organization will ever take up their cause, unlike in Sultan Bazaar, now seems to find a ray of hope.P Sunita, member of Chhatri, a grass-root organization working in the Old City, says that the trade unions and political parties have successfully opposed the HMR works taken up in the Sultan Bazaar area. But if HMR materializes, there are also thousands of slum dwellers and daily wagers who will be thrown out of businesses and their houses but haven't found any support thus far. Also razed will be three government schools that cater to the people in that area.She says quoting a recent survey conducted by Chhatri, 150 houses, 400 shops and three government schools will be affected by the HMR project in the Dhobighat till Chaderghat Kaman stretch alone. Ninety-five percent of the people who would be affected are either Muslims or SCs and STs. Most of them are daily wagers, motor repairer, push cart vendors or domestic labourers. \"May be that is the reason why no one is bothered to stand up for their rights,\" she wonders.K Raju, a bamboo worker who stays and works out of the Kali Khabar slum, says, \"We have been selling bamboo butta-s on this footpath for years. Now the authorities have asked us to move out.\" The slums, some of which are abutting the footpath also face the danger of being razed down. Although the people there pay Rs 1000 to the land owner every month, they are scared of bringing the issue up being migrant workers in the city without any ration card. Also affected would be the washer-men from the Dhobighat behind the CBS . Says Venkatesh, a dhobi from the area, \"Metro people are threatening us every now and then and asking for the 'patta' (legal papers). They are ignoring the fact that we have been occupying this land since the Nizam's era. Our original 11 acre land was cut down to three when the RTC bus stand came up. Now they want us to give up this too.\"The City Model School, Azampura Government School and Chaderghat Girls' High School mainly teach children from the slums. All of them will get demolished to facilitate the HMR project. Relocation of the schools will not help the cause as it is already a big deal for children from these families to go to schools in the first place even though they are near their slums. \"With all the three schools razed down, these children will no longer get any opportunity to study,\" says Md Ashfaq from People's Initiative Network.Says Devi, a grass-root worker from Moosanagar, \"No compensation package or rehabilitation programme has been offered to these people yet. There is nobody to speak on their behalf.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323090", "title": "Metropolitan Transport Corporation in top drive, to get 600 more buses soon", "text": "CHENNAI: Commuting in the city and to the outskirts could soon be hassle-free. The Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) cruising ahead with a planned fleet expansion from the current 3,421 buses to 4,000 vehicles. Corporation sources said the government is likely to sanction 400 new vehicles in the state budget on March 26 in addition to the 176 vehicles it approved last December.The plan to increase MTC's fleet size by 17% was based on a 2008 report, Chennai Traffic and Transportation Study (CTTS), by consultancy Wilbur Smith. The study projected that the government-run corporation would require 4,000 buses to meet the city's transport demand by 2014.The corporation has not yet received 176 buses sanctioned last year. \"The body building work is in progress. The buses should arrive in two months,\" a senior MTC official said.Since the average age of the buses in the fleet is around 3.5 years, MTC requires only around 600 more buses, the official said. \"There won't be any replacements. The new vehicles will augment the existing fleet,\" he said. Officials also said there would be no rationalization of routes - modification of the system's routes, demand and timings to use MTC's resources more efficiently - in the near future.\"Our primary aim is to improve services, especially frequency on various routes. We will rationalize routes only when there is a sizeable increase in the number of localities we connect,\" the official said.Officials say most of the new buses will be operated in the extended areas of Chennai corporation. \"Our coverage is quite extensive within the city, so most of the routes will be operated in the newly added localities,\" the official said.Experts say MTC actually needs to double its proposed fleet of 4,000 vehicles. \"Given the city's area and population, it requires at least 8,000 buses,\" said Shreya Gadepalli of Institute for Transportation and Development Policy. \"London has a similar population density and 8,000 is an ideal number.\"However, MTC officials say the CCTS study envisaged that the city will need 8,000 buses only by 2026. \"The study recommended that the city should have at least 5,000 buses by 2016-17,\" another MTC official said.He said at least 18 lakh more people will use MTC services once it starts operating 600 new buses. \"Each bus caters to around 3,000 people every day, so revenue is likely to increase by 45 lakh per day,\" the official said.\" Around 50 lakh people use MTC buses every day, with the corporation earning daily revenue of 2.60 crore.\"Facing flak from commuters over last November's fare hike, officials said MTC would not add any more Volvo buses for special services. \"We will acquire ordinary buses,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12314269", "title": "I do films that interest me: Irrfan", "text": "With the success of Paan Singh Tomar behind him, actor Irrfan deconstructs myths about the Indian actor in a Hollywood film. No formula, only character, he tells Dhamini RatnamWhen we speak to Irrfan (he dropped his surname 'Khan' earlier this month), he's in Himachal Pradesh shooting a film for Switzerland-based director Anup Singh Batla. But the actor, who offers a telephonic rap on our knuckles for getting his age wrong (\"it's not 50, but close\"; \"it doesn't matter\"; \"write whatever you want\"), calls this project an Indo-German-Dutch-French collaboration. Called Kissa, the film is in Punjabi, and is aimed at an international audience.If there's one actor in Bollywood today, who can pull that off, it's Irrfan. With several big-budget Hollywood films in the pipeline, including Spider-Man 4 and Life of Pi, he is no stranger to questions like, \"How did you crack the code?\" His answer: There is none. Excerpts from the interview:The first question is not going to be about how you cracked the code to land Hollywood films. Good, because there is no formula that made it happen. Some actors manage that with their marketing skills, but I don't have those. I guess , now it's also the body of work I've done. When Marc Webb, director of Spider- Man 4 approached me, he told me that what he saw in The Namesake (Mira Nair's 2006 film), he hadn't seen on screen before. I don't know what led him to say that, but clearly, my work's (doing) my PR.While some look at your Hollywood projects as a sign that you've made it big, there are others who'd say, 'it's just a bit role. No biggie...' Hollywood isn't going to change overnight, where suddenly big directors will write stories with us in mind. What's interesting is that they are expanding their scope and keen to make films with talent from around the world.But the Hollywood industry is vast. There is variety in the kind of films being made and the audiences they are targeted at. Woody Allen makes films, big studios make films, independent films are being made too. The style of storytelling is more realistic and the focus is on characters, not stars. George Clooney will be rejected, if he didn't play his character well, and there are very few exceptions to that. Tom Cruise would be one.What about the fact that English isn't your first language? Language is important, but it's how you play your part that is more important. In The Namesake, I played a Bengali although I'd never spoken the language. I had to adopt the accent. Conversely, what would you make of a slum dweller, who speaks English in a British accent? Fortunately, I have never got a role yet that I couldn't manage.Have the roles you receive in Bollywood changed, after your Hollywood projects? My Hollywood career has had no impact on my career in Bollywood. Sure, one feels good about it, but the roles I take on (in Bollywood), need to make a difference here. In India, I have done films sometimes, just to be seen, because I have to survive here. I would never think of shifting base to Los Angeles . In Hollywood, I do films that interest me. For instance, I signed on Slumdog Millionaire for 15 lakh, even though at that time, I was earning 10 times more in Bollywood, simply because I wanted to work for Danny Boyle . I signed on The Namesake, for even lesser, because Mira (Nair) is a brilliant director.Do you have an agent that takes care of the business for you? Yes, I've recently signed on a new agent. I had ICM (International Creative Management) as my agents for the longest time, and the person assigned to me also handled work for Ben Kingsley . I would be given scripts to read, and would later get to know that those roles have gone to Kingsley. Then The Namesake happened, and Hollywood sat up and took notice. Of course, you should know that more than 50 per cent of my fees goes - 30 per cent in taxes, two per cent to my lawyer, a certain percentage to my publicist, and another chunk to my agent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12323847", "title": "Mall Mile: Lust grooves under disco lights", "text": "GURGAON: Every city has its own alleys and pockets that come alive as night descends. For Gurgaon, it is Mall Mile - a notorious stretch on MG Road. But all the din and bustle is confined to Sahara Mall and its vicinity. The pubs here represent the burgeoning nightlife wrapped in a veil of sleaze.The top floor of the mall houses six pubs. Inside , the atmosphere is electric: the lights dim, the rooms clouded in cigarette smoke as party animals gyrate to loud music in drunken stupor.Outside, a bunch of young women gather near the gates. \"You want entry?\" asks one, taking a guy by the hand. You will find scores of escorts standing nearby or idling in the corner. Some say they are there to help single men gain entry in a couples-only pub. But, all pubs here allow single men - or stags - entry for Rs 500 as cover charge. Still, these women are found standing outside, presumably to lure men. And the pub owners, for their part, continue to deny any connection with the women outside.Some security guards at the Sahara Mall say this is a flourishing flesh racket. Once you step outside the mall, you feel this area has become what people call a 'pick-up point' for call-girls after midnight. \"There's nothing secret here,\" says Ashok Kumar , a constable on duty in the area.But both the mall and pub staff say they are not responsible. \"All the trouble that happens in this area is because of liquor vendors outside. Most people can't afford pubs, so they drink outside and create nuisance,\" says a bouncer.Mall representatives say they have decided to issue notices to two of the pubs which are running on a lease.After TOI told the mall manager, Mukul Shah, about lax security at nights within the premises, he said he will slap a showcause notice on the private security agency. He said, \"I can't say what's happening outside but no illegal activities are taking place inside the mall.\"There can't be any short-term remedy to stop crime. But the trouble seems to be that the sub-culture of the city nightlife, being unorganized and haphazard, promises security to no one - and least of all to young women who come here for whatever reasons. They have the right to be safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12324116", "title": "Workshop on medico-legal report writing", "text": "LUDHIANA: More than 60 delegates from different states of north India participated in the hands on training programme on medico-legal report writing organized at the department of forensic medicine, Dayanand Medical College &amp; Hospital, on Saturday. Punjab Medical Council (PMC) awarded two credit hours to the event.Dr Arun Mitra, member of PMC, was the guest of honour. Interacting with the delegates, Mitra said CME credit hours are mandatory for all the registered medical practitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12323982", "title": "Brisk voting witnessed in Sankarankoil", "text": "SANKARANKOIL: Brisk voting was witnessed almost in all the 242 polling booths in the constituency on Sunday morning, with both young and senior citizens exercising their franchise.In a classic scene near Sankarankoil bus stand around 8.30 am, a newly married couple walked into a polling booth to cast their vote immediately after taking their marriage vows. As soon as the ceremony was complete, Madasamy from Sankarankoil and Sankara Gomathi walked into the polling booth at Vaniga Vaisiyar Middle School in their bridal attire. The couple said they were glad that they were able to exercise their duty to democracy on the first day of their married life.The election spirit in the air was palpable as many youngsters, especially college students and old people, some struggling to even walk, made it a point to come to the polling booths. Around 20 villagers from Koovachipatti arranged a bus from Kerala where worked and came down to their village to cast their votes at the Panchayat Union Primary School. For many youngsters who were exercising their right to franchise for the first time, it was a thrilling experience. \"I am proud to have cast my vote for the first time. It was thrilling as well as a bit scary,\" said Paramasivam (19) a second year B Sc computer science student. \"It was a good experience to exercise our democratic responsibility,\" said Geetha who works a staff nurse in Sivaganga. She had specifically come down to her native place to cast her vote, she said. Candidates from various parties were seen going around the polling booths including AIADMK candidate, Muthuselvi, DMK candidate, Jawahar Suryakumar amongst others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321878", "title": "Mansa bypolls end, pundits predict photo-finish", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Mansa by-polls ended in a nail-biting finish on Sunday and witnessed 77 per cent voting amongst an electoral population of 1.65 lakh. Veda village in the north of Mansa taluka voted the highest - 97 per cent, according to the returning officer of the Election commission . The Mansa seat lay vacant after BJP MLA Mangaldas Patel's demise last year.Poll officials claim that the maximum voting took place between 8 am and 12 pm across 73 villages in the taluka. By 2 pm, about 63 per cent people had voted and by 4 pm 75 per cent had come out to vote, according to election officials. The results will be declared on March 21 at SD Arts and BR science college in Mansa town.In the fray are BJP's D D Patel, who is also the president of the 'Adtalis-gam Patidar Samaj', a Patel stronghold, Congress' Babusinh Thakor, and independent candidates Navinchandra Patel, Yusufbegh Mirza and Ishwarsinh Rathod. Though the Mansa assembly seat has always elected a BJP candidate since 1995, the district panchayat here is with Congress. Also, BJP in the last decade has never won with an impressive margin here. While BJP's D D Patel claims to have a strong Patel backing and representations from the backward communities, Thakor who lost to BJP's late Mangaldas Patel by 3,370 votes in 2007, will be a tough competition for Patel, according to political observers.\"The recent decision of the state government to lift the 'dark zone' tag from Mansa will work in our favour. For the first time with a large voting percentage and minuscule number of independent candidates, BJP has a clear chance of winning,\" claims Patel. While Congress chief campaign manager for Mansa, Mansinh Thakor, claims, \"The state government will provide electricity to those in Mansa that install costly sprinkler systems. This policy has irked voters here. In 2007 assembly poll, Babusinh Thakor got 41,011 votes and was lagging behind the BJP candidate by 3,300 votes. Babusinh is a well-known figure among the 45,000-strong Thakor community here and has a sure chance of winning the seat,\" says Thakor.Apart from the Patel and Thakor communities, there are the Kshatriyas, Chaudharys, Harijan, Ravals, Prajapati, Devi pujaks, Rabaris, Brahmans and Muslims, who form the voting population here.* Total voting population - 1.65 lakh* Voting till 5 pm - 77% approx* Polling booths - 201* Villages - 73* Candidates in fray - D D Patel (BJP), Babusinh Thakor (INC), and independent candidates Navinchandra Patel, Yusufbegh Mirza and Ishwarsinh Rathod* Village that voted the highest - Veda (97%)* Highest % age votes casted between - 8 am and 12 pm* Population of Patels - 41,000 approx* Population of Thakors - 45,000 approx", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12323779", "title": "Get better deals on the not-so-new gadgets", "text": "While buying the latest tablet, MP3 player or Notebook, it may be more prudent to wait for a few months and get it with better software for a lesser priceWhile it's difficult to prevent a technophile from buying a gadget soon after its launch, those who want to put their money to better use might find it beneficial to wait. Forget the hype and hoopla because more often than not, doing so helps you bag a much better deal. This is true not just in terms of money but also the goodies that come with the device. Here's a look at how patience can pay.Better softwareIn the case of most high-profile products, the software running on the device is being constantly improved . So, there is a fair chance that its manufacturer will release a better version of the software within a few months, often adding a variety of features and functions. When the iconic iPad was launched, it was criticised for not being good at multi-tasking and for its lack of a notification bar. Within months of its release, Apple had fixed these issues. Similarly, Nokia upgraded the software for both its N8 and E7 devices, adding more customisable homescreens and improving the icons.Bugs and other fixesOne of the problems with the highly competitive nature of technology is that most devices are rushed to the market with a few niggles. These are inevitably sorted out, but after some time. A prime example of this is Nokia Lumia 800 , some of whose units had battery life problems-an issue that the company has just fixed via a software update. So, a device that has been around for a while is likely to have fewer problems.More applicationsThe longer a device stays in the market , the higher the number of software applications you are likely to find for it. For instance, when Motorola Xoom and BlackBerry Play-Book were launched, one of the problems was that there were not enough applications designed to run specifically on these. However, as time passes and the number of users increases, software developers start producing applications that can run on them. The result is that a slightly older (not obsolete) device will inevitably have more apps than a new one. The new iPad might be grabbing the headlines today, but it has fewer applications that can run on it compared with those that can be used in its predecessors.More accessoriesIt is very rare for a product to arrive in the market accompanied by a flood of accessories. Most accessory manufacturers tend to wait before making products that can work with gadgets. Once the gadget has spent some time in the market , you are more likely to get a bigger range of accessories that work with it. Early purchasers of Nokia N8 could not find an appropriate case for it because the back jutted out slightly. Today, they can choose from several cases with a variety of shades, sizes and material.Better supportIn the automobile industry, it's a well-known fact that one can easily get spare parts for an older car than for a spanking new one. The same applies in the world of tech. One can find it relatively difficult to get a new device repaired if things go wrong simply because the service and support centres do not have enough parts to go around. However, the scenario changes dramatically within a few months, and in many cases, even third-party support providers manage to fix a fault plaguing the device. A classic case is that of HTC Hero, some of whose units suffered display problems. This took weeks to replace simply because there was a paucity at support centres, while the same problem with older models was easily rectified within a day.Lower priceFinally, and most significantly, consider the price of a device. In most cases, the price of a gadget declines over a period of time. Though the hardware remains the same, the software is likely to improve and the price may fall significantlysometimes within a few months of the launch of the device. Consider Nokia Lumia 800, which hit the Indian stores towards the end of 2011 at a price of almost 28,000 and is now available for 23,790. All good things come to those who wait and the adage works well in the tech world too. If you want to make the most of your money, go for a gadget after a cooling off period-it will make for a hotter buy.Gadgets That Were Worth The WaitDell StreakIt faced withering scorn for running on an old version of Android and a price tag of 35,000 when it was launched. Today, you can get it with an updated Android version for less than 20,000.HTC FlyerThis was the first Android tablet to sport a stylus but was undone by a hefty price tag of 37,000. Now, you can get it for under 25,000. It's also in line to get the latest version of Android OS.Motorola XoomHeavily criticised for its price when it was released in June 2011, it is now a much better proposition now due to a software upgrades and a big price cut.BlackBerry PlayBookIt took a hammering for not having its own e-mail client and a price of 27,990 when it arrived. Today, it is priced at 15,000, has its own e-mail client and runs Android app.Nokia N8When it was released in October 2010, the N8 was criticised for its interface. Today, it has a 12-megapixel camera, comes with a much improved Symbian Belle OSiPhone 3GSIt came with a price tag of nearly 30,000. Today, one can get it for 20,000 with the same software that runs on the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12322854", "title": "Navelim locals protest construction of embankments", "text": "MARGAO: Navelim villagers rallying under the banner of Goechea Xtekarancho Ekvott (GXE) assembled near the Mandop bridge, Navelim, on Sunday to protest the ongoing construction of embankments along a tributary of river Sal in the village. They have been demanding that the construction be immediately stopped in order to prevent \"enormous damage to the environment, existing economies and the local communities\".It is the contention of the GXE that the construction of cement concrete embankments will wreak havoc on the ecology of the area. The GXE has already petitioned the water resources department to stop the work immediately.\"Local fishermen are dependent on access to the rivulet for their livelihoods. The ongoing construction not only obstructs the traditional access of these local fishermen, which itself is a violation of the legal rights of this community, but also threatens to destroy the habitat of the crabs and fish, thereby displacing these fishermen completely,\" the GXE pointed out in its petition.It has further voiced concern that the construction of concrete walls will \"stop lateral as well as vertical percolation of water, resulting in drying up of local groundwater, drinking water wells and making the nearby lands arid and barren.\"Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado and Velim MLA Benjamin D'Silva also joined the villagers in the protest. Assistant engineer of the PWD D S Pawar who arrived at the site tried to prevail upon the villagers that the embankments were being constructed to prevent flooding, but the protestors demanded to know why no environment impact assessment was carried out before going ahead with the project.The GXE has demanded that the embankments be redesigned using laterite construction, and ensuring that the traditional accesses of the farmers and fishermen are maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12327114", "title": "Online shopping site Snapdeal to increase headcount", "text": "NEW DELHI: E-Commerce major Snapdeal plans to increase its headcount over the next six months by adding 500 people.Snapdeal, which claims to have over 15 million users, employs about 1,000 people at present.\"We have seen 80-90 per cent growth in traffic month-on-month over the last three quarters. We have been gradually increasing the pace of hiring and over the next six months, we will add about 500 people,\" Snapdeal Chief Executive Director Kunal Behl told PTI.The addition would be done in the areas of engineering and analytics, he added.\"Given the competition in the eCommerce space, what would differentiate one player from the other would be the customer experience both while online and offline. The focus on analytics and platform will help us provide that experience,\" Behl said.With 100 million Internet users, India is a very lucrative market for retailers and they are vying for the customer's attention with the widest range of products, he added.Asked about investment, Bahl said the company would invest close to USD 20 million this year on organic and inorganic growth routes.Snapdeal is keen on acquisitions to fuel its growth. \"We have received some proposals. We would look at companies, which offer us a good technology platform or a very good team. There is no firm plan but we are looking at options,\" he said.There has been a recent spurt in the number of e-commerce websites, offering customers everything from baby diapers to real estate.Recently, global leader Amazon also forayed into India to compete with firms like Fashionandyou.com, Yebhi.com and eBay.According to a white paper by First Data Corporation and ICICI Merchant Services, the domestic e-commerce market is expected to touch Rs 50,000 crore in 2011 from Rs 19,688 crore in 2009.Though a major chunk still comes from online travel through booking of flights, railway tickets, hotels and cars, the share of retail industry is growing on the back of discounted pricing, speed of delivery, security and convenience of payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322956", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav keeps home, Azam Khan gets urban development", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday allotted portifolios to his ministers. He himself has kept 50 departments including home, finance, tourism, higher, secondary, technical and medical education, sugarcane development, electronics and information technology.Former chief minister Mayawati had kept 43 departments to herself when she took over in 2007. It is believed that Akhilesh would off-load some of the departments after more ministers are inducted post cabinet expansion. Earlier in the day, Azam Khan was administered the oath of office and secrecy again after it transpired that he didn't take the complete oath on January 15 along with others. Besides four others, who had been inducted as ministers of state, were elevated and given the independent charge.These four ministers are - Arvind Singh Gope, Aruna Kori, Rajendra Singh Rana and Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar. They, too, were administered oath again, along with Azam. Among other key ministers, Azam gets parliamentary affairs, urban development, Muslim Waqf, water supplies and Haj. Likewise, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's brother Shiv Pal has got public works department (PWD) and irrigation. Mulayam's other trusted loyalist Ahmad Hasan, too, has again been given with the departments of medical and family welfare. These two departments were headed by two ministers and were in news for the Rs 5,700 NRHM scam during the BSP regime. Hasan will also take care of the department of women and child welfare. Same is the case with Vaqar Ahmad Shah and Ambika Chaudhary who have been given labour and revenue department respectively. Raja Aridaman Singh will be the minister of transport. Besides handling the department of prisons, Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya will also take care of the department of food and civil supplies. Singh was the food and civil supplies minister in SP's previous regime when the multi-thousand crore foodgrain scam was detected in the department.Therefore, it was expected that Akhilesh might change his portfolio this time. But, that was not the case. Raja Mankapur, Anand Singh , who made a triumphant return to the Samajwadi Party before the elections has been given the charge of agriculture department while Balram Yadav will be the minister of Panchayati Raj. Likewise, Ram Govind Chaudhary look after basic education, child development and nutrition. Azamgarh MLA Durga Prasad Chudhary will be minister for stamp and civil defence.Brahma Shankar Tripathi has been allotted the department of home guard and vocational education. Among the four ministers independent charge, Gope has been allotted the department of rural development. Rajendra Singh Rana and Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar have been given rural engineering and small-scale industries respectively.Aruna Kori on the other hand has been allotted the department of women welfare. Among the 24 state ministers, former IIM-Ahmedabad professor Abhishek Mishra, considered to be a part of 'Team Akhilesh', has been given the protocol department. This way he will remain attached to the chief minister's office as Akhilesh has kept the department with himself. Among SP leaders from the western UP, Chitaranjan Swaroop will be Azam Khan's deputy in parliamentary affairs, Muslim waqf, urban development and Haj departments while Moolchandra Chauhan has been given the charge of the department of tourism. Surendra Singh patel will assist Shivpal in PWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12322221", "title": "Two labourers held for slab collapse death", "text": "Mumbai: The Oshiwara police on Sunday arrested two labourers for negligence after a 55-year-old man died when a slab of an under-construction building fell on him on Saturday. The accused were produced before the court and remanded in police custody till Wednesday.The police have also booked the builder and the labour contractor and are on their lookout. The deceased, Chottelal Kanojia, was a daily wage labourer and was working in the building compound when the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326638", "title": "Koel's in the Puja mode", "text": "Thought Durga Puja just comes once a year? Think again. Celebrations for the team of \"Doshhomi\" have come calling in March. The film that stars T-town hotties Koel Mallick and Indraneil Sengupta apart from Locket Chatterjee and Pijush Ganguly, among many others, has been shot in the backdrop of Durga Puja.And not wanting to delay the shoot any further because of the stars' dates, which are not readily available, Suman Maitra, director of the film, has decided to recreate Durga Puja at the Children's Park in Shyambazar. So, people in the neighbourhood are waking up to the sound of conchshell and dhaak and yes, no one's complaining. Koel, for instance, is happy with the way things stand. Belonging to the Mallick Bari, where Durga Puja is celebrated in a big way, the actor says she's thrilled to the core. \"\"This year, it will be two times the celebration for me. I'm already in the Puja mode. At times, I'm forgetting that this isn't for real,\"\" she says. And it's not just her. The actor explains that people from different parts of the city are coming in hordes to offer prayers to the devi. \"\"Work doesn't feel like work as we are having a gala time,\"\" Koel adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322194", "title": "Uttarakhand CM Vijay Bahuguna fails to soften Harish Rawat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress is staring at a replay of its unstable Uttarakhand regime of 2002, with the crisis over picking Vijay Bahuguna as chief minister unlikely to find a permanent resolution despite the efforts made on Sunday.Bahuguna held meetings at 10, Janpath, with party supremo Sonia Gandhi and also had a luncheon meeting with protesting Union minister Harish Rawat to indicate a resolution was around the corner. Rawat too reiterated that he could not even dream of leaving the party.However, the rival claims of \"all is well\" failed to hide the bitter factional divide. Rawat slammed the \"dirty tricks\" on the part of \"certain habitual people\" to malign him. \"My wife was at no point of time in the race for Rajya Sabha. She is a leader in her own right, who campaigned more than many important leaders in the state. But it was deliberately suggested that she was eyeing the upper house and Harish Rawat had kicked up the drama to secure nomination for his wife... These are dirty tricks of certain people,\" he said, referring to reports about demanding an RS berth for Renuka Rawat.The week-long controversy forced Congress to nominate Mahendra Singh Mehra, a close aide of Rawat, to the Rajya Sabha. Pitting a \"outsider\" like Satyavrat Chaturvedi would have stoked the dissatisfaction against the Congress and could have risked cross-voting.Asked about Bahuguna's statement that they \"had lunch together and issues had been settled\", Rawat quoted a popular 'saying' to suggest that the \"king thrashes you and then does not let you cry in pain\". When asked when the standoff was likely to end, Rawat said, \"The ball is in the CM's court.\"Sources said Rawat and Bahuguna met over a \"working lunch\" during which they discussed various proposals to adjust Rawat's loyalists in positions of power. However, the CM failed to bring closure to the stalemate by stating that \"it was for the leadership to decide on the proposals\".The simmering anger over \"being painted as a bargainer\" raised doubts about the durability of the truce the party may hammer out, as it happened in 2002 when N D Tiwari was made the chief minister.While affirming his loyalty to Congress, Rawat did not disown the continuing protest at his residence which peaked with workers' 'dharna' on Sunday. Asked when the 'protest paraphernalia' would move out of his house, the minister said, \"It is not in my hands, it is the people of Uttarakhand. But I am grateful to them for using my house to raise concerns facing the state.\"Rawat said the confrontation was no longer about his becoming the CM but about people of Uttarakhand losing confidence in the 11-year-old state with \"political vices\" prevalent elsewhere taking roots there. While he did not elaborate, the remark appeared to articulate random allegations that \"non-political\" reasons played a role in deciding the chief minister.Though the leadership appeared set to settle the row by accommodating the Rawat faction in power posts in the state, his show of \"hurt\" threatens a replay of the instability in 2002. Tiwari's tenure was marred by perpetual dissidence, denting Congress's credibility. Insiders argue the party's dwindling stock played a key role in BJP this time making a comeback in recent polls by reinstalling B C Khanduri as CM just ahead of elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12321270", "title": "Thief who burgled doctor's house arrested", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: City police arrested the thief involved in the theft of Rs 8 lakh from the house of noted medical practitioner Dr Suhil Mundhada. Cops have recovered booty worth of Rs8.27 lakh from the accused Ajay alias Pinkya Kane (18).The thief had broken into Dr Mundhada's house and decamped with cash and jewellery worth around Rs 8 lakh, while they were out of station in February.After Mundhada family returned back on February 28, they were shocked to find their house burgled. Senior police officers visited the crime scene and finger prints of the thief were picked up from the spot.City police had registered the offence against unidentified thief and were investigating into the matter.They got their first clue, when they learnt of Pinkya Kane who lost heavily in illegal gambling near the Lalbahadur Shashtri school recently.Further inquiries revealed that Kane was showing off lots of money in recent days and was particularly interested in gambling.Detective branch of city police kept watch over the illegal gamblers for Kane. Cops finally got tip-off about Kane's presence in a gambling underway in Bhivapur ward here on Friday. They raided the spot and Kane was arrested.A search of his belongings revealed that he was carrying cash of 40,000, a gold ring, golden earrings, a gold coin and a foreign dollar in a bag.Kane spilled the beans during further interrogation and gave details of the things he had stolen during the house breaking.PSO, City police, Shekhar Chincolkar ratified of arrest of accused involved in theft in Dr Mundhada's house and recovery of the stolen booty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325730", "title": "DJs night at The HHI", "text": "Saturday night at Underground, The HHI, rocked as DJ duo Ricky and Anshul spun some electrifying tunes on the console.Even with the party pooper deadline playing spoilsport, the crowd lived it up as though there was no tomorrow. In groups, pairs or solo, revellers enjoyed every bit of the night as the DJs slowly built up the tempo.House, progressive and trance to Bolly and international pop numbers, they had everything in their kitty to make sure that the party people had a blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12327912", "title": "Trai proposes models to redistribute 2G spectrum", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom regulator Trai has proposed three models to redistribute the 900-MHz spectrum band, considered as the most efficient for second generation mobile services, most of which is currently held by incumbent mobile phone companies.Redistributing the 900-MHz band has been among the most controversial issues confronting the sector. Later entrants and dual-technology players, such as Reliance Communications and Tata Teleservices , contend that incumbents, such as Bharti, Vodafone and BSNL , have made huge savings on their capex and opex as they were allotted the 900-MHz band, and have been demanding that this bandwidth be redistributed among all telcos.Airwaves in the 900-MHz band were exhausted in 2001, and since then, the mobile phone companies have been given 2G airwaves in the 1,800 MHz band. In 2010, Trai had recommended that airwaves in the 900-MHz band 'be replaced by assignment of equal amount of spectrum in 1,800 MHz band' when licences of incumbent operators come up for renewal beginning 2014.Trai, in its latest consultation paper on auctioning of airwaves , has pointed out that it could stick to its 2010 recommendations and redistribute the 900-MHz bandwidth during licence renewal. But sider two new methodologies to find a solution to this controversial issue.Trai has sought the industry's response on its proposal that incumbents be allowed to retain part of the airwaves they hold in the 900-MHz band and also the remaining be considered for redistribution. \"As 5 MHz of spectrum is considered minimum amount to support 2G and Trai's calculations reveal that setting aside of 2G airwaves in the 1,800 MHz for redistribution would result in 'not sufficient spectrum for allocation to new licensees as directed by the Supreme Court'.This has also led the regulator to con-4 G, therefore in this approach, these licensees can be allowed to retain 5 MHz spectrum in 900 MHz band at the time of renewal of their licences and the rest of the spectrum in 900 MHz band is redistributed by assigning spectrum in 1,800 MHz in lieu of the redistributed spectrum,\" Trai said in its consultation paper, while adding that 'licensees will have to pay the price of spectrum both in the 900 and 1,800 MHz as determined in the auction when renewing their mobile permits'.Trai has also said that under this option , there would be 'sufficient spectrum left over in most regions for allocating to new licensees as per the directions of the apex court.The regulator has also proposed that incumbents could be given an option to surrender spectrum in excess of 5 MHz or units in the 900 MHz band now in exchange for equal amount of spectrum in 1,800 MHz irrespective of the expiry dates of their licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12321847", "title": "Central Railway set to curtail toy train trips", "text": "Mumbai: Tourists to Matheran will find it difficult to book a berth in the toy trains that ply between Neral and the scenic hill station.Central Railway (CR) officials have decided to curtail the number of trips from five to four on weekends due to a technical snag in one of the locomotives. CR sources said the locomotive will be sent for an overhaul due to frequent breakdowns. The move is likely to disappoint many tourists, who flock in large numbers to the hill station.\"We will run four trips over the weekend during the vacation period,\" a senior CR official said. \"The locomotive's servicing was scheduled for October. However, due to frequent breakdowns we decided to send it for repair earlier,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12322327", "title": "Toll on DND may soon be cash free", "text": "NOIDA: If plans of the Noida Toll Bridge Company are implemented soon, then the DND flyway may soon become a cash free toll road. The management has started reconfiguring its tolling system to upgrade the existing software and introduce a new method through which sensors will automatically capture a car's license plate and debit the toll from the vehicle owner's bank account. Toll company officials say their aim is to facilitate smooth flow of traffic. Officials add that they expect DND to be 60% cash free by December 2012 and completely by 2013.The DND sees 1.25 lakh vehicles passing through it every day. Currently, only 21% of this traffic constitutes customers who use prepaid smart cards. On the other hand, a CRRI survey states that traffic is growing on the flyway at 7.5% annually. DND officials said that this move will allow smooth flow of traffic and give the DND a much-needed relief from the constantly increasing vehicular pressure.Flyway officials say that installation of radio-frequency identification (RFID) toll management system will help decrease the daily traffic snarls on the road. The hi-tech toll management system, which is already in use in the US and Europe, has RFID tags installed on cars and sensors are attached at the toll gates. These sensors automatically detect the cars and debit the toll from the commuter's bank account registered with the company.Officials add that they face a lot of problems when commuters stop at the toll gates and pay in cash. Shortage of loose change acts as a major hindrance for smooth and quick movement of traffic. \"This plan will decrease the cash component while moving towards a model of electronic payment to reduce queues at the toll plaza and allow uninterrupted flow of traffic. Also, the new system will not inconvenience the existing commuters using smart cards,\" said Anwar Abbasi, senior manager at the toll company.In order to encourage commuters to move to the cash free option, the toll bridge company will launch a series of promotional schemes to increase the availability of electronic payment options. The process of moving from the current model of toll collection to the new cash free method will be in four phases. The toll bridge company will appoint an international toll management expert at the end of March following which the technology will be acquired.The RFID system will be installed in July and the new system will become fully operational in September. \"The new technology will be implemented in four phases over a period of three-four months so that customers are not inconvenienced. We will initially install the software in two or three booths at the toll plaza and slowly increase the number,\" added Abbasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321842", "title": "City corporation officials seal 201 properties", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) sealed 201 property units in the city on Sunday.Most of the sealed units are commercial units which failed to clear up their tax dues.In areas of west zone including Gujarat college , Kaveri complex and Ayojan Nagar, the AMC sealed 63 units, while in Viratnagar, Arun Chambers, Mahavir market, CTM crossroads and Char Toda Kabrasthan, the civic body sealed 58 units.In the new west zone, the AMC sealed a total of 32 units in Bodakdev, Memnagar, Fatehwadi, Vejalpur and Ghatlodiya areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12327986", "title": "Broadband connections stood at 13m in December 2011", "text": "NEW DELHI: The number of broadband connections in India stood at 13.35 million by the end of December 2011, with Maharashtra (including Goa) accounting for the highest number at 0.23 million.\"The number of broadband connections provided by the end of December 2011 are 13.35 million,\" minister of communication and IT Sachin Pilot said. As per the draft National Telecom Policy 2012, the government has set a target to achieve 175 million broadband connections by 2017, and 600 million by 2020 at minimum 2 Mbps download speed.Maharashtra (including Goa) leads the race with 23.55 lakh broadband connections, followed by Tamil Nadu (including Pondicherry) with 16.62 lakh connections as on December 30, 2011, he said in a written reply to Lok Sabha .Karnataka with 13.44 lakh connections was at the third position, while Andhra Pradesh with 13.42 lakh connections took the fourth spot. Delhi was placed at fifth position with 10.15 lakh connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12323967", "title": "Report against doctors submitted to President", "text": "INDORE: After recommending action against the doctors named in probe report of health department for giving short shrift to mandatory regulations while conducting human clinical trials to the state government, Chief Medical and Health Officer (CMHO) has sent a similar report to President Pratibha Patil, who had sought details of the trials in her letter dated January 11, 2012.The letter Ersape/2010/13944189 from President House had asked to submit report on actions taken by the health department till date following a complaint sent in the year 2010.CMHO Dr Sharad Pandit said, \"We have sent the similar report that recommended life time ban on doctors from practicing, criminal proceeding and departmental proceedings against them to the state government.\"The CMHO has sent the report against the 78 doctors who were found involved in unethical clinical trials in the probe. Twelve out of these 78 doctors are government doctors, working in various public hospitals. The list also includes 31 doctors who did not provide information related to clinical trials conducted by them even after the health department repeatedly issued notices.The probe initially zeroed in on 38 doctors, but further investigations pushed the number to 78.The report stated the doctors took approval for clinical trials from Independent Ethics Committee established outside the state and did not submit monthly reports. Several of private hospitals/ nursing homes where the drug trials took place were not even registered with the health department and clinical norms were also not followed, it underlined.\"Recommendations made to the state government have been forwarded to President as well. Now, it is up to her to decide further course of action, said Dr Pandit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321325", "title": "No-parking restrictions at Lohegaon", "text": "PUNE: No-parking restrictions have been imposed on the technical Airport Road to Lohegaon. The restrictions will be implemented on both sides of the road stretch from the Petrol Storage chowk to the Military check post, a press release issued by the traffic branch said.PMPML publishes time-tableThe Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) has printed copies of the complete bus time-table, which the commuters had been demanding for a long time. The time-table will be available for Rs 30 at important pass-issuing centres from Monday. It will carry details of all routes and bus timings existing till February-end, said PMPML officials.Judges' association polls: The elections of the Maharashtra State Judges Association (MSJA) will be held at the Alpa Bachat Bhavan in Camp on March 25. MSJA president Surendra Tawade said the last date for submission of nominations is March 20. The executive committee of MSJA includes president, vice-president, treasurer and an executive committee comprising seven members, including a lady judge representative. The tenure of the new elected body will be for three years.Awards for saving energy, water: The Pune District Milk Producers' Sangh has received awards of the Maharashtra Energy Development Authority for saving power and water. The sangh received the third prize for 2008-09 and the second prize for 2009-10. The awards were presented recently by state minister for renewable energy Ganesh Naik in Mumbai.Ex-students make donation: Former students (SSC batch of 1984) of the St Jude's high school (formerly Garrison high school, Dehu Road) recently presented an amount of Rs 1.25 lakh to the school. The money was handed over to school principal Father Rodrigues by Sushil Muthiyan. The interest on the amount would be used for scholarships to best sportsperson and to an economically backward girl child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323134", "title": "Engineer poses as cop to cheat couple, arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: A 34-year-old mechanical engineer who posed as a police officer and cheated a software engineer of Rs 65,000 last month was arrested on Saturday. Police identified the conman as Jamaluddin, 34, a resident of Washermanpet.On January 28, Ramakrishnan, 28, a software engineer who lives in Pondy Bazaar, and his fiancee had gone for shopping in the locality. After finishing the purchase, they parked the car on Lodhi Khan Street and were having a chat around 9.45pm when a man wearing khaki trousers knocked on their window, asking them what they were up to. Ramkrishnan told the man they were getting married in a month and had come to buy clothes.Posing as a policeman, Jamal got into the back seat and asked Ramakrishnan to drive to the police station. The young couple apologised, but the man asked Ramkrishnan to drive to an ATM. \"He threatened to book the couple for indecent behaviour in public,\" said a policeman, \"and asked them to pay up.\" Ramakrishnan withdrew Rs 65,000 and gave it to the man. Only after they parted with the money did they suspect the man and go to the Soundarapandianar Angadi police station.A special team was formed to nab the imposter who finally fell into the police trap on Saturday when a team was doing a vehicle check on GN Chetty Road. During interrogation, the motorist confessed that he had cheated the couple. It also turned out that he was riding a stolen bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12323039", "title": "Probe into ragging of college girl begins", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Nadakkavu police have started probing into a complaint lodged by the principal of Government Engineering College, West Hill, on Saturday against eight students of the college for ragging a junior girl student.The accused eight semester students - Jibin Jose, Ajoofar, Vishnu Raj, Shafi Ummar, P P Sajesh, Arun, Mohammed and Nikhil - have already been suspended from the college. Such a step was taken after a three-member enquiry committee formed by the principal received a complaint from the girl student. The accused have confessed their acts in writing to the committee.According to college authorities, the eight-member gang have been teasing the fourth semester girl student for months. The situation worsened when the guys poured water on the girl on Valentine's Day, which led the girl from Kollam to attempt suicide.Later, in a complaint to the principal, the girl threatened to end her life if the college did not conduct enquiry against the eight students. Police officials said that the accused students would be arrested after proper investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "12323283", "title": "Kalam gives prescription to students for a sound career", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Former President A P J Abdul Kalam has called upon the youth to aim big in life, strive towards achieving it after gaining the necessary knowledge so as to excel in life.Addressing a gathering of students during the golden jubilee celebrations of Bapuji Educational Association (BEA) here late on Saturday evening, he said: \"You should keep courageously working till you achieve your goal.\" He ignited the students' mind by citing examples of scientists, statesmen, sportspersons, and other achievers. Kalam highlighted the contributions and achievements of Thomas Alva Edision (inventor of light bulb), Wright Brothers (airplane), Alexander Grahambell (telephone), and Sir C V Raman (who discovered scattering of light called Raman Effect). He also mentioned the contributions of Mother Theresa, mathematician Ramanujam, visionary Sir M Visvesvaraya, scientist Madam Curie and cricketer Sachin Tendulkar .The students should be clear about their passion while choosing their subjects and career, and their parents should allow them to have their way, Kalam said, adding: \"Curriculum should be framed in such a way that education shapes the minds of the youth. Our youth are facing many negative things like depleting resources, increase in corruption, etc.\"The former President took the oath from the students to eliminate such elements so that India becomes a super power by 2020.Speaking on the occasion, Union labour minister Mallikarjun Kharge claimed India has been providing education at low cost. Kharge said how the Centre, under the Right To Education ( RTE) Act, is aiming at providing education to all.\"The rate of literacy of the country must be raised from 74% to 100%. This can be achieved by further lowering the cost of education and by introducing professional skill-development courses,\" Kharge said, and appealed to BEA to establish ITI along with employable course-training centrer at hobli and taluk levels in Davanagere district.BEA secretary Shamanur Shivashankarappa, joint secretary S S Mallikarjun, governing body members Athani Veeranna, Ramanand and MP G M Siddeshwar also spoke on the occasion. Over 5,000 students, along with their parents, and others attended the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12322718", "title": "Excess multivitamins can harm your kid", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If your child does not eat adequate healthy food, and you have been giving him multivitamins to compensate for it, it will do no good. In fact, it can result in a condition known as hypervitaminosis - excess vitamins in the body resulting in kidney and liver damage. Though, there is no sufficient medical literature which has studied the prevalence of excess vitamins in the body, doctors have been recently coming across people who buy bags of vitamins over the counters.Dr Vikas Bhutani, internal medicine department at a private hospital, said, \"These supplements are for therapeutics - those who are deficient and have been prescribed, should be the ones to take these.\" He adds, \"Vitamin D is recommended for post menopause women as they are at a risk of osteoporosis. But intake of the vitamin, without any screening or blood test to show that one is deficient, can result in kidney stones and deposition of calcium in the body more than the required levels.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326655", "title": "Will Rani Mukherji stand out in Talaash?", "text": "As she enters her 35th year on March 21, astro-numerologist predict Rani Mukherji would stand out in the ensemble cast of Talaash.With her last film No One Killed Jessica , Rani Mukherji proved that she is still amongst the top actress of Bollywood irrespective of any number of new entrants. With Talaash and Aiyya up in her kitty next, Rani has a promising year ahead. As she celebrates her birthday on March 21, we analyze what stars have in store for the actress.\"Rani was born on 21st March, 1978 which makes her a Number 3 (Jupiter) person in numerology. She is an Arian (ruler Mars - Number 9) and her destiny number adds up to Number 4 (Rahu). Technically, Rani is also a cusp between Aries and Pisces, hence she will get the vibrations of this sign as well, which is primarily ruled by Number 3 (Jupiter)\", explains astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi.\"Being a Number 3, Rani is ruled by one of the most powerful planets - Jupiter and she can at best be termed as plain lucky. With her unconventional looks, short height and husky voice, who could have ever thought that she would make it so big in the world of Bollywood? Her mars effect makes her a fighter and too hard working as a person that has paid off big time in her case. The impact of 'Rahu' makes her at times lose focus, direction and therefore her financial planning may go for a toss, so she should invest wisely for her future\".\"Rani will be entering her 35th year now which will turn out to be a productive year for her\" predicts Bhavikk. \"Her next release, Talaash with Aamir Khan and directed by Reema Kagti will see her once again in top form and despite being in an ensemble cast, Rani will stand on her own and draw attention from critics and audiences both. After that in Aiyya she will be able prove once again that she can pull off a film on her able shoulders and thus she is the 'rani' ( queen ) of the box office too\", adds Bhavikk.We wish Rani Mukherji a very happy birthday in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12323331", "title": "Woman gangraped by four in Rewari", "text": "ROHTAK: A 19-year-old married woman was allegedly raped by four youths on the pretext of helping her to sort out matrimonial differences with her husband in Rewari town. The accused reportedly took her to a room where she was raped by four accused on March 6.The Rewari police have registered a case of gangrape against four persons on the complaint of the victim and started a hunt for the accused. The complainant was living in a rented accommodation in Rewari district for the last four months after her relations got strained with her husband over domestic issue.She met a local youth, Ravinder Kumar, who developed intimacy with her and promised to help her to settle dispute with her husband. She alleged that Ravinder came on a motorcycle asking her to accompany him to meet her husband in Narnaul town.Before leaving, Ravinder reportedly offered her some eatables which made her unconscious. Later, she was raped by four youths for three days who also warned her of dire consequences if she informed police or anyone, she said in complaint.She finally lodged a complaint with the Narnaul police which shifted the case to the Rewari district.SHO (City) Dhanpat Singh told mediapersons on Sunday that medical examination had confirmed that the girl was raped and police had registered a case against four persons, including Ravinder, Avinash, Govind and one another under Sections of 376 (G), 506 and 343 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12321785", "title": "Police officer sets example, takes on powerful politician", "text": "Ishu Sindhu has set a new example before his colleagues after he arrested Sureshdada Jain for his alleged involvement in the multi-crore housing scam.A month after Sindhu took over as additional superintendent of police, Jalgaon, his office placed before him a status report on all pending criminal cases. Sindhu, an IPS officer of the 2007 batch and a product of New Delhi's Hansraj College, found that an FIR was lodged by an IAS officer against 90 local politicians in the Rs 30-crore housing scam, on February 6, 2006, but the case was never seriously investigated.When Sindhu called for all relevant files from various departments, he was stunned to find that massive funds received from leading financial institutions were systematically siphoned off for the personal gains of a leading politician.As a first step in the investigation, Sindhu recorded the statement of minister of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar, who was named in the FIR. When it was confirmed that Jain too was involved in the scam, Sindhu arrested him.The arrest stunned the state as Jain was so powerful in the north Maharashtra region that no IAS or IPS official had been able to take him on directly. Jain, a nine-term legislator, has denied his role, saying all charges were politically motivated.No move on statueIt's time for chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to fix responsibility for the row over the Shivaji Maharaj memorial. The Congress manifesto had assured promised setting up of a statue of the great Maratha emperor in the sea. The proposal was unanimously approved by the state cabinet. But in the last five years, whenever the issue of delay in constructing the memorial was raised in the media, successive chief ministers gave evasive replies.Initially, it was stated that the public works department was seized of the matter, later, it was submitted that a leading architect was preparing the design for the memorial. Now when it appeared that the proposal was in the final stage and would be completed in a time bound period, it was found even preliminary steps have not been initiated.When a senior Congress minister sought specific information from the state environment department, he stunned to learn that despite the cabinet decision, no formal proposal was submitted to the department for approval. Environment department babus told the minister that the general administration department had sought their remarks on the proposal and under the law, any construction in the sea is prohibited.Giving backEven before their retirement, bureaucrats Gautam Chaterjee, Ajay Bhushan Pandey and Sanjay Kumar had multiple options before them. They are among a few who have been approached by leading multi-nationals, developers and industrial houses for jobs with lucrative packages.The private sector is believed to be offering bureaucrats between Rs 75 lakh to Rs 1.5 crore, depending upon their utility and ability to secure clearances from the state and central governments. Quite a large number of serving and retired bureaucrats have taken up lucrative assignments with the private sector. Significantly, the trio - Chaterjee, Sanjay Kumar and Pandey - felt it was time for them to return to society. They still have a few years for retirement, so they have decided to take up teaching assignments for students in South Mumbai slums.The trio feel that if even 30 students manage to increase their marks by 10% over their previous year's performance, it will have been a big achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12323873", "title": "Account freeze won\u2019t put brakes on bus services", "text": "BANGALORE: Rest assured. Your ride by public transport to work or college or even to your hometown for the extended weekend is safe even though accounts of BMTC and KSRTC service providers have been frozen for failure to clear income tax dues.BMTC and KSRTC officials categorically said their services will remain unaffected. The income tax (I-T ) department froze bank accounts of the transport corporations on Friday evening, citing non-payment of I-T dues to the tune of Rs 23 crore and Rs 39.77 crore, respectively, for 2009-10 .OFFICIALS OPTIMISTICSenior officials of both corporations , however, said they will hold talks with the I-T department on Monday and are hopeful of an early resolution of this issue.They, however, made it clear that passengers won't be affected as their operations will continue. Officials pointed out that the only way of hampering their daily operations is by disrupting diesel supplies. But the corporations have made payment for their weekly diesel purchases on Friday, hours before their accounts were frozen.\"We are hopeful of resolving the issue by tomorrow. Today being Sunday, we were not in a position to have talks with I-T officials,\" said Manjunatha Prasad, MD, KSRTC.NO PROBLEMS HEREPrasad said he did not foresee any problem as diesel suppliers will oblige the transport corporations even if payments are delayed up to 10 days.On the possible consequences to commuters if talks with I-T officials do not conclude on a positive note, BMTC MD KR Srinivas said he is away in Goa and not aware of the developments.The next payment for diesel is due next Friday. Sources in the corporations said they don't foresee any problem immediately as they have daily fare collections piling up in the strong rooms of their depots for any payments. \"The collections are likely to pile up and enable us have liquidity till the freeze is lifted,\" sources in the corporations said.WHY IT WON'T FUEL CRISIS-BMTC runs 5,901schedules daily and earns Rs 2 crore from ticket fares. -KSRTC operates 7,100 schedules every day and mops up a revenue of Rs 3.5 crore. -The daily diesel requirement of BMTC and KSRTC fleets run up to 3 lakh litres. -The bill runs up to anywhere between Rs 4-5 crore a day. The weekly payment to the diesel suppliers is about Rs 30 crore. -On a regular working day, collections are remitted to bank accounts the same day itself. But with a freeze on their accounts, the daily collections now remain with the corporations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12321827", "title": "\u2018Drugs\u2019 flow freely on Osmania general hospital premises", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Osmania General Hospital premises is increasingly becoming patient-unfriendly, thanks to the presence of drunks and drug addicts who swarm the area since afternoon. With no one to take responsibility of the place with each pointing fingers at the other, it is the patients and their visitors who have to bear the brunt.The OGH serves close to thousand outpatients with just as many visitors making trips to the hospital on any given day. Visitors say that by noon onwards the hospital premises particularly near the mortuary areas turn into a hub for drug addicts. \"During the evening and night many people come in through the entrance on the side of Musi and settle near the old tamarind tree or in the old graveyard. These people are not visitors. They come here to get drunk or smoke ganja,\" Abdul Kareem , a visitor to the hospital informed.A grocery store owner in the vicinity of the hospital alleges that hospital is also becoming the place for drug peddling. The police do not enter the hospital unless a dead body has to be autopsied or in case of suspicious death in the hospital. A police official from the Afzalgunj police station, under whose jurisdiction OGH is located, said that the police cannot do much. \"In this area drunks and addicts thrive. We take up cases both inside and outside the hospital when we receive complaints but otherwise it is the responsibility of the hospital to take care of their surroundings,\" the official said.When informed about the problem, hospital superintendent K Ramdas initially said that the area near the mortuary is the responsibility of the hospital staff of the mortuary who in turn works under the principal of Osmania Medical College ( OMC ) Koti. But later he added that he would improve security in the area.Commenting on the nature of security at the hospital, a retired senior official of Osmania Medical College said, \"The principal (OMC) sits in Koti where the college is located. How he could know what is happening at the hospital which is in Afzalgunj? The superintendent and RMOs are responsible for the happenings on hospital premises,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325922", "title": "I've never had a friendly chat with my dad: Ranbir", "text": "If there is one endeavour that Ranbir Kapoor wants to take up seriously is to break the \"\"glass wall\"\" between him and his dad Rishi Kapoor . \"I have never had one to one friendly chat with my dad ever. He is with me the way his dad was with him. And now it is upto me to break that glass wall between us. My endeavour is to get close to him,\" admitted Ranbir.Ranbir further added, \"My father is a passionate man. I was the happiest when he liked my performance in Rockstar . My moment of happiness was multifold when he praised me for the film.\"And the charming actor quoted a small story to convey why his dad usually abstains from praising him sky-high. \"A young son who would make his living by walking on a tight rope once asked his dad why he never praised him for his work, and his father replied that the day he did that, he (his son) would lose his concentration and fall down,\" narrated Ranbir.Coming from the first family of Bollywood with a treasure of huge legacy, Ranbir certainly seems to be level-headed and sorted in life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12322629", "title": "MBA student wins silver in national fencing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cycling and basketball came to Sumit Verma, an MBA student of University Institute of Applied Management Studies (UIAMS), as hereditary, but his enthusiasm for sports took him to excel in fencing. The Panjab University student recently returned from Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, after clinching a silver medal at the all-India inter-university fencing championship. Sumit competed among the 34 best university fencing teams and 1,500 odd participants to emerge victorious at the championship.\"To serve my passion for sports, I am organizing a unique event 'Ranbhoomi' at UIAMS, which would be an exclusive sports event for professional students. The students enrolled in PU's professional departments do not get indulged in sports at all,\" says Sumit. Sumit's mother Kiran Bala happens to be the official coach of Indian cycling team and his father Sunil Kumar is the Punjab basketball coach. \"Along with fencing, which has been my passion, I was naturally inclined towards cycling and basketball because of my parents,\" he adds.But, what worries him is the dearth of academic support to sportspersons who bring laurels to the varsity. \"Like other universities such as Punjabi University, Patiala, PU must be lenient academically. Though PU has been exempting talented students from paying their course fee, the ones enrolled in a professional course, are worried about crossing the 60% score to be eligible for any job,\" adds Sumit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12322500", "title": "Railway federations oppose roll-back of fare hike", "text": "NASHIK: Railway staff, cutting across ideology, opposed demands for a roll-back in the passenger fare hike, announced recently in the Union railway budget presented by railway minister Dinesh Trivedi .Indian Railway federations and associations have submitted a joint memorandum to prime minister Manmohan Singh , according to V K Samadiah, chairman, Central Railway Mazdoor Sangh, Bhusawal division.It is for the first time in nearly nine years that the railways have increased passenger fares. \"The fare hike announced by the railway minister is minimal and is justified considering the improvement of and introduction of services in recent times. The hike is absolutely fair, especially for the cash-starved Indian Railways, which has to focus on salaries and facilities for staff, facilities for passengers and has to ensure safety and security measures for passengers,\" Samadiah said.The Central Railway Mazdoor Sangh (affiliated to the National Federation of Indian Railwaymen-NFIR) and Northern Railwaymen's Union (affiliated to the All-India Railwaymen's Federation (AIRF), have welcomed the fare hike. \"The demand for a roll-back is nothing but populist. When it comes to employees, we are united and we will oppose any such move,\" Samadiah said.\"Even passengers are acceptable to the hike. At times when diesel prices have gone up and inflation is also on the rise, the fare hike was expected,\" he said.All five recognized federations and associations of the Indian Railways--Federation of Railway Officers Associations (FROA), All-India RPF Association (AIRPFA), Indian Railway Promotee Officers' Federation (IRPOF), NFIR and AIRF-said the memorandum sought \"justice\". The memorandum claimed that they were upset with the politicization of the hike announcement and that the Union minister was being made a scapegoat for a decision that was in the interests of the railways and passengers.The associations also warned of an agitation if there was a roll-back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12322651", "title": "No supply, department takes phones off the hook", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT electricity department is set to double power tariff in the city, but the redressal system in case of a breakdown continues to be poor.department is set to double power tariff in the city, but the redressal system in case of a breakdown continues to be poor. It's a common grouse of city residents that it becomes almost impossible to reach electricity sub-stations as their landline numbers are either engaged or never answered.\"On March 13, there was a day-long cut in our area, but repeated attempts to find out whether it was a scheduled cut or when would the supply be restored proved futile as the number was not answered,\" said Aadesh Kumar, a resident in Sector 48.And if by any luck one gets through to their numbers, the response of electricity staff is far from satisfactory, says Abhishek Arora, who is resident of Sector 61. He adds, \"Their standard reply is that there is a fault in the main line or a team of line men have been sent out.\"Even though there is a centralized number for registration of electricity complaints, it's not publicized well and most public utility directories only mention the area-wise complaint numbers, rue residents. \"During power breakdowns in summer, most of the time the electricity staff is not aware of the exact status and fails to give information about the expected time needed to fix the fault. So the easy way out for them is to avoid taking the calls or keep the phone off the hook,\" said Reena, a lecturer and resident of Sector 7.Amardeep, a resident of Sector 46, says, \"The department should provide professional training to its staff to effectively deal with residents who frantically call during a power crisis by roping in a private agency.\"M P Singh, UT superintending engineer (Electricity), said, \"A dedicated customer care centre would soon be set up to deal with complaints of breakdowns and bill-related grievances. It will have a team of 10 people taking calls, but till then, city residents should call only the helpline number printed on the bills and not sub-stations concerned as they have to use the phone for other operational jobs as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322638", "title": "Dinesh Trivedi quits, all eyes on Parliament today", "text": "NEW DELHI: After testing the nerves of Trinamool Congress boss Mamata Banerjee for four days, railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Sunday night resigned from the Union Cabinet to bring down the curtain on the controversy that his rail budget kicked off.Trivedi called Banerjee just as she was about to leave for Delhi and conveyed the decision to quit. It marked a sudden change of heart for the minister who only a day back had refused to carry out the party's demand and insisted that Banerjee give him the direction in writing. Sources said Banerjee was coming to Delhi for the parliamentary party meeting where Trivedi would have been asked to resign.Trivedi earned the party's wrath when he presented a rail budget recommending fare hike across the board. Banerjee dubbed it a betrayal of the party philosophy and wrote to the prime minister that he sack Trivedi and suggested party's Union minister of state Mukul Roy as replacement.The resignation, however, has not lifted the fog over two crucial demands that TMC made in the wake of its mutiny over the party minister's rail budget - rollback of fare hike and Mukul Roy answering the debate on the rail budget.The Centre is keen to stick to the fare hike as decided by Trivedi's budget. While it is certain that the hike for the sleeper classes would be rolled back, it is to be seen how much concession the government has been able to secure from the Trinamool boss. A partial rollback would be to the Centre's liking.The government would prefer that finance minister Pranab Mukherjee reply to the railway budget debate. All eyes are now on how much Banerjee pushes for Roy's swift swearing in as railway minister. There are indications that the Centre could accept a request if she was insistent.Congress would be watching TMC's cooperation to the PM's reply to the debate on the motion of thanks to the President's address. TMC had announced to oppose the reference to NCTC and Congressmen feared that it could throw its weight behind the amendments moved by BJP.Congress had assured TMC that the PM would clarify that the Centre would not move on the counter terror body till it had heard the chief ministers in an April meeting.Despite the doubts, Trivedi's resignation seems a boost for de-escalation. The allies faced off recently over a variety of issues, mostly because of Banerjee's brinkmanship. It would ensure that the PM's reply is not mired in controversy. The opposition had decided to raise Trivedi's presence in treasury benches to seek clarifications on the controversy. His presence would have been untenable in view of Banerjee's demand and could have triggered a split.But wary of Banerjee, Congress has chosen to keep up the pressure by fielding its candidate Abdul Mannan for Rajya Sabha election. It has 43 MLAs, just seven short, to ensure victory for its nominee, while Trinamool is 15 MLAs short to push through its fourth candidate. However, Banerjee has been insisting on fielding the fourth candidate and wanted Congress to stay out. Sources said the party is keen to convey that it would not want to be bulldozed any more and Samajwadi Party's option was for real.The TMC-Congress standoff over rail budget had put national politics in a state of flux. Congress, faced with repeated veto from TMC on critical issues like Teesta water treaty and FDI in retail, has been thinking of swapping the Bengal ally with SP. However, the party has decided that it was not the time to rejig the constitution of UPA.While SP is a favourite with Congress for any emergency, the party had planned to take the UP outfit in UPA based on its pre-poll calculations that it would help Mulayam Singh Yadav with the shortfall in its tally to help him form the government in Lucknow. The mutual dependence would have checked any brinkmanship on the part of Samajwadis. However, SP's landslide seems to have forced Congress to reassess its calculations. Pushing out TMC would be a serious decision which, sources said, are not taken without the alternative already in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12329290", "title": "Buddhadeb Dasgupta beginning new film", "text": "Buddhadeb Dasgupta, known for films like \" Tahader Katha\" and \" Kaalpurush\", is all set to begin shooting his new film \" Anwarer Aschorjo Kahini\" this Durga Puja with Chandrachur Singh in a lead.The film deals with the journey of a smalltime sleuth and the script was completed two years back.Dasgupta said he was busy with the shooting of \"Trayodoshi\", based on 13 poems of Tagore, and so could not complete the script of \"Anwar\".\"Now I will solely take up Anwar, with post-production work over in previous films, and shooting will commence by this Durga Puja,\" he said.Asked if the film is a thriller, as it is based on small time sleuths who eke out a living in the city, Dasgupta said, \"It is a thriller, but not in the usual sense. It is more in sync with my style and vision.\"Dasgupta, who will be casting \"Maachis\" star Chandrachur in an important lead, said the Bollywood actor's personality, his look and eyes weighed the decision in his favour. Shauvik Kundagrami will essay the protagonist Anwar.\"For Anwar's casting decisions, I had to judge the actors' faces. Of course I saw his films and became convinced he is a great actor,\" he said.Chandrachur on his part said he had seen 'almost' all of Dasgupta's works, adding that he hopes \"Anwarer Aschorjo Kahini\" would be as successful as \"Maachis\" (1995).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325850", "title": "John Abraham googles self", "text": "John Abraham is one smart guy. Rather than scan all newspapers and crawl the web to keep a tab on what the world is saying about him, he receives google alerts about himself.But it has its flipside as well, as he revealed to this diarist.There are two more John Abrahams who are in the news for some very different reasons. One is an American footballer , who has just returned to form with a three-year-deal with Atlanta Falcons . And the other, a certain inmate of a high-security mental asylum. Maybe John should stick to reading this page instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12323533", "title": "Contractual doctors demand regularization of jobs", "text": "PATNA: Peeved over their service conditions, 1,600 contractual doctors across the state would proceed on long leave if the state government does not regularize their services within 45 days.Announcing this, Bihar State Contract Doctors Association president Dr Kumar Amitabh on Sunday said that a decision to this effect was taken at the first annual convention of the association held in the state capital on Sunday. He said that in 2008, CM Nitish Kumar had announced to regularize the services of contractual doctors and ordered for framing a policy for it. This was mentioned in the state gazette also, he claimed.Dr Amitabh said when a delegation met the principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha in this connection, the latter directed the delegation to contact Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC) as he had sent a letter to BPSC in this regard. \"When we approached BPSC, the officials there told us that the services of contractual doctors would be regularized on the basis of a written examination,\" he said and added that BPSC officials said that only the state government can make any change in this regard.He urged the state government to grant contractual doctors one-year leave with salary so that they could prepare for the written examination. It was very difficult to carry out one's duty in hospital for several hours and also prepare for written examination. \"Written examination is not easy as one has to appear in all the papers in which the doctors had to appear in their MBBS final examination,\" he pointed out, adding that several contractual doctors had been posted at various hospitals for the past six years.The association president said it was also decided at the convention to boycott the written examination to be conducted by BPSC. He urged the state government to regularize the services of contractual doctors with immediate effect through a notification and hike their salary to Rs 50,000 per month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321427", "title": "Traffic hit on Pune-Mumbai highway after gas tanker accident", "text": "PUNE: The old Pune-Mumbai highway was closed to vehicular traffic for 12 hours when a gas tanker developed a leakage after it hit a road divider and overturned near Talegaon Dabhade around 2.30 am on Sunday.The tanker, which contained LPG gas used in domestic cylinders, was on way from Mumbai to Solapur, via Pune. The incident happened after the driver lost control over the vehicle. The overturned tanker instantly developed a leakage due to the impact. The driver, Laxman Mehta (30) of Mumbai, escaped with minor injuries.Police sub-inspector Amol Chaudhari of Talegaon Dabhade police station told TOI on Sunday that a police team rushed to the spot after receiving information about the incident. The decision to divert traffic was taken after gas began to leak from the nozzle of the tanker.Chaudhari said, \"We contacted officials of two petroleum companies. They arrived with experts, but could control the leakage only by 8 am. It was 3 pm by the time the officials of one of the companies helped transfer the gas into another tanker.\"He said vehicles plying between Pune and Mumbai were diverted via Somatane phata to the Pune-Mumbai expressway, while the vehicles coming from Mumbai to Pune were diverted via Vadgaon phata, Chakan road and the expressway.Policemen from the Talegaon Dabhade police station Sachin Kale and Hiraman Tamboli, who reached the spot soon after the tanker overturned, said, \"We first stopped vehicles from both sides and appealed to the public and nearby companies officials to switch off the lights and mobile phones for sometime as a preventive measure.\"\"No untoward incident was reported because of the cooperation received from the public. After the gas was transferred into another tanker, the road was thrown open to traffic at 3 pm on Sunday,\" Kale said.The police have made an entry about the incident in the station diary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "12323638", "title": "Three held with 2,000 kg explosives in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: The state government's tall claims on curbing illegal mining after strict orders by the Rajasthan high court fell flat on Sunday when nearly 2,000 kg of explosive items were seized at MIA police station area of Alwar district.The three carriers who were arrested, told the police that it was to be delivered to a mining mafia after procuring it from a licensed explosives dealer. The local police has now constituted a team to probe into the matter. According to ASP Vikas Pathak, the police got a tip-off that some people were trying to smuggle a consignment of explosives in the MIA police station area. \"Check-posts were set up at various points leading out of the area and a pick-up jeep and tempo were intercepted on suspicion,\" the officer said.The police were shocked to recover explosives in huge amounts. \"The consignment included 1,650 kg ammonium nitrate, 47-feet long safety fuse wire and 15 detonators,\" the officer said. Those arrested persons are Akbar (35), Fakruddin (28) and Subhash (25). Police said they are residents of nearby villages. An FIR has been registered against them and they will be produced before a court on Monday. \"Preliminary investigation revealed that the three men took the consignment from one Iliyas who claims to be a licensed explosives distributer in the area. They were to deliver it to someone in Sathali village under Meo police station area. The explosives were likely to be used in mining,\" he said.He added that teams have been rushed to Meo and Kherthal areas to probe the matter further. \"They told us that Iliyas is involved in supplying explosives illegally despite being a licensed supplier. He is said to be supplying explosives in Alwar and Bharatpur for a long time,\" the officer said.Police sources said such a huge consignment was to be delivered to a powerful mining mafia in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12323281", "title": "Female rush at employment exchange office", "text": "KANPUR: Upto a few days back hundreds and thousands of youths were turning up at employment exchange for getting themselves registered, but a new trend witnessed on past two days was when people over 45 years of age were standing in queue. Interestingly, the number of unemployed youth in the age bracket of 25-30 is very few in number and the number of middle age unemployed is more. This number also included several middle age women who wanted to receive unemployment allowance as pocket money expenditure. Those registered (unemployed youths) with the employment exchange would be entitled to receive Rs 1,000 per month as allowance. This is what is pulling the crowd at the employment office these days. TOI spoke to the middle aged people present at employment office and tried knowing whether they will be satisfied with the amount given to them or not.While Reeta Singh, a resident of Kidwai Nagar said that the allowance that would be given by government is too less and should be doubled, Manisha Dwivedi, a resident of Jawahar Nagar was of the opinion that she would save this amount and would use it at the time of need. The male counterparts of these females who stood in the queue were disheartened with the fact that they were unemployed and hoped that the unemployment allowance would help them in managing some of their expenses. But they further opined that this would not end their efforts of finding a job for themselves.Meanwhile, more than 58,000 unemployed youth have registered themselves with the employment office till March 15. This number is to increase in the days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12322800", "title": "Telecom Regulatory Authority of India in city court for portability solution", "text": "NEW DELHI The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India has moved a Delhi court seeking prosecution of Loop Mobiles (India) Ltd for rejecting its subscribers' requests to switch over to other service providers.Trai has sought chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav's direction to summon and prosecute Loop Mobiles and its top officials for rejecting subscribers' requests for number portability. It alleged Loop Mobiles had rejected some requests for number portability in the Mumbai circle as it was \"not in consonance with the provisions of the Telecom Mobile Number Portability Regulations\".\"Regulation 12 (Telecom Portability Regulations) does not provide for rejection of porting requests on the ground of act of God and rejection under the category are not in consonance with the provisions of the said regulation,\" Trai said in its complaint. The telecom regulator said that after it launched mobile number portability in January 2011, all service providers, including Loop, were directed to furnish compliance of various provisions of the Telecom Portability Regulations.It said that to ascertain correctness of compliance given by Loop, Trai obtained data pertaining to rejections of porting requests by the company in the Mumbai circle and observed that it had rejected a number of such requests. Trai further informed court that in reply to a show-cause notice, Loop informed that due to some technical error, the system wrongly captured the code as \"act of God\".Trai said it also sought supporting information but its requests were rejected by Loop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322672", "title": "Noida CEO among 30 IAS shifted", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major administrative reshuffle, the Samajwadi Party government late on Sunday night transferred 30 IAS officers, including 11 district magistrates, and six PCS officers. Among those shifted are Lucknow DM Anil Kumar Sagar, and chairperson of NOIDA and Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA) Mohindar Singh. Anurag Yadav will take as the new DM of the city. With this, the number of IAS officers shifted after SP government took charge on March 15 has reached 45.Yadav, who will replace Sagar, was additional commissioner rural development so far. Sagar has been sent to disabled welfare department as special secretary. Mohindar Singh like other favourite officers in previous Mayawati regime, has been kept in waiting. JN Chamber, another Maya favourite, who was principal secretary, agriculture and agriculture education and research, has been made member of the Revenue Board. He has been replaced by Rajiv Kapur, who was waiting for his posting. VN Garg, who was commissioner industrial and infrastructure development and principal secretary industrial and infrastructure development, information technology and electronics, has been made principal secretary of Manyawar Kanshiram comprehensive development scheme and disabled welfare.Alok Kumar Gupta, who was awaiting posting, has replaced Garg. Kumar, who was posted as secretary to the chief minister on March 15, has been given additional assignment of inspector general, stamp and registration. Three other officers waiting for a posting have got new assignment. While Manjeet Singh has been made principal secretary, additional energy resources, Raj Pratap Singh has been made principal secretary, planning while Sunil Kumar has been made secretary, basic education department. Bhuvanesh Kumar , Commissioner, Meerut, has been made secretary, Dr Ambedkar Gram Sabha Development department. He has been replaced by Santosh Kumar Yadav, commissioner, food and civil supplies. Kanpur DM Hari Om has been made additional commissioner rural development. He has been replaced by MP Agarwal who was serving as Faizabad DM.Jagdish Prasad, who was Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar's DM, is new Faizabad DM. Kamini Chaushan Ratan, DM Bulandshahr, has been posted as DM Pratapgarh. Navdeep Rinwa, DM Shahjahanpur, has been made DM of Bulandshahr, Hridayesh Kumar, DM Gautambudhnagar, has been made special secretary agriculture production commissioner branch. DM Baghpat Prabhu Narain Singh has been shifted and kept in waiting. He has been replaced by Amrita Soni, who so far was Sitapur DM. Unnao DM Arvind Kumar Dwivedi has been made special secretary, general administration.Anamika Singh, serving as special secretary industrial and infrastructure department, is now new DM of Unnao. AK Barnawal, Kushinagar DM, has been posted Shahjahanpur DM. Anil Kumar (III), Meerut DM, has been sent to Kushinagar as DM. Vikas Gothwal, Barabanki DM, is new Meerut DM. S Minisati, special secretary, appointment, has been posted as Barabanki DM. Pankaj Kumar, who was DM, Muzaffarnagar, has been shifted out and kept in waiting. He has been replaced by Gaurav Dayal who till now was serving as Jaunpur DM. Balkar Singh, Rampur DM, has also been shifted and kept in waiting. PCS officers transferred include LU registrar, Gyan Prakash Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325987", "title": "Priyanka Chopra: My best friend\u2019s wedding", "text": "A busy Priyanka Chopra (she's doing three films simultaneously) will make time for best friend Tamanna Sharma's wedding. She has to. She's planning it, after all!For two months now, the actress has been working on Anurag Basu's Barfi in Darjeeling and Mumbai and is now tied up with Krissh 3 in Hyderabad and also has portions of Kunal Kohli's untitled film to complete. Even so, she volunteered to plan the ceremonies and the main event and told her friends as much.After repeatedly contacting PC, who was at a shoot, she admitted, \"Yes, I'm very excited and am having a great time helping her out.\"The wedding takes place early April. She has been doing everything from reading wedding magazines to scouring websites for themes and ideas. In her free time, she checks out destinations, makes arrangements over the phone with designers, caterers etc. She is going all out to ensure it's a wedding to remember.PC also has to decide the venue. And since it's a Rajasthani one, she wants it to be held in either Jaipur or Jodhpur. \"She wants it to be like a royal wedding\", says a source. Now, don't you wish she was your friend?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322788", "title": "SP Gupta is new advocate general", "text": "LUCKNOW: After the resignation of incumbent Jyotindra Mishra, Surya Prakash Gupta has taken over as advocate general of the state for the second time. Gupta is a designated senior advocate at the Allahabad high court. Enrolled as a pleader to the Allahabad High Court in 1951 and an advocate in March 1960, Gupta was designated as senior advocate in 1979.With an experience over 60 years in law, he first served as UP advocate general in 1995, when Mulayam Singh Yadav was chief minister. Regarded as one of the most meritorious advocates in the state, Gupta is also known as a legal eagle and a constitutional expert. The 82-year-old lawyer was considered for the job of advocate general in 2004 as well, when Mulayam Singh took over the top job; his candidature, however, was cancelled, apparently, as a result of his advancing years. Among the prominent cases that Gupta has handled is the famous Judge's Transfer Case (SP Gupta versus Union of India in 1982), after which the collegian system of appointments was introduced in the High Courts. On Sunday, after the announcement of his name as UP's new advocate general, his candidature was welcomed by the legal community.Gupta's son, Sunil, is also a senior advocate at the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "12323922", "title": "Ranis kitchen is a work of art", "text": "SOUTH CITY: A large, airy room with lots of natural light, walls lined with chestnut brown cupboards and granite counter tops with neatly stacked appliances is the headquarters of Rani Ghummans home in South City.If theres anyone who says the kitchen is only a box with some more geometrically-shaped boxes, Rani shows its anything but that. Its a domestic art you see. There is a lot more to the box we are talking about. It is a big canvas, says the 62-year-old homemaker, wife of a farmer.Long before architects began dispatching their modular creations into town, she already had a custom-made kitchen made by a local furniture dealer. Her love for the space began with little joys of baking and soon turned into a obsession while her kids were away at school. Rani seeks out kitchen manufacturers and stores with appliances to make cooking more efficient like her family members seek out clothes designers.Food processors for shredding, cropping and grating vegetables, aluminium blenders for purees or soups and mixers for masalas stylishly adorn the right side counter-top. Coffee blender and tea boiler share their own space. Why use regular mixer or blender for coffee. If there is a unique system to extract all the flavour and aroma from ground coffee, why not use it? Reamers for citrus fruits and electric juicers for non-citrus, she has made her choices neat. The latest one is called Full Apple by Philips .Electric grill oven, daily sandwich maker and panini maker in the kitchens far left corner ensure that every slice of toasted bread has a different look. However, for making chappatis, the age-old rolling pin is kept in a box mounted on the upper cabinet above the stove.For purists, Rani even has a small red-coloured weighing scale to measure out quantities of butter, salt, sugar and condiments. Such things are handy when it comes to making cakes, you need the right amount of ingredients for the batter, says Rani, looking out of her wide window into the kitchen garden.Even cakes go through the litmus test of her gadgets. I dont do my cakes in a microwave oven. That browning element gets lost in the waves. The cake needs to be crisp not gooey, she insists, pointing at her traditional 15-year-old electric oven.Ask her finally what are the important things in her kitchen and she is quick to reply with a short laugh, Nothing but the kitchen things. Her traits have got passed down to her son, who even pursued a career in hospitality before returning to farming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12323806", "title": "Metro to run peak-hour Tolly-Dum Dum trains", "text": "KOLKATA: To handle the rush after services are thrown open to suburban commuters of the Eastern Railway's Sealdah South section, Metro Railway is preparing to run at least two shuttle services during peak hours between Mahanayak Uttam Kumar and Dum Dum. These two trains will enable commuters from Tollygunge (Mahanayak Uttam Kumar) to travel to work in relative comfort.The Pranabananda Halt in ER's Sealdah South section (between the Garia and Bagha Jatin stations) is expected to be thrown open in a few days. This station will provide the link between the suburban line and the Kavi Subhas station in the Metro network through a subway. Once EMU locals start stopping at Pranabananda Halt, the number of Metro commuters will increase by 25,000 to 30,000, believe officials . By the time the Metro trains reach Mahanayak Uttam Kumar on their way to Dum Dum, they will be loaded.\"We shall increase the number of services from 236 to 270, but frequency during peak hours will remain unchanged for now. We have already received complaints from commuters of the rush they face when trying to board trains from Mahanayak Uttam Kumar . Keeping this in mind, we are working out a strategy. At least two trains will start from Mahanayak Uttam Kumar during peak hours,\" an officer said.The Metro carries nearly 5.5 lakh commuters on an average on a weekday. The network has witnessed a steady increase in the number of commuters. The number of commuters carried by the Metro in 2010-11 was 15.9 crore. By March 14, 2012, Metro had succeeded in carrying 15.94 crore commuters. By the end of the 2011-12 fiscal, the number of commuters is expected to surpass all previous records.The passengers' subway between Pranabananda Halt and Kavi Subhas will facilitate easy movement for suburban commuters. In fact, many people who went up to Sealdah in the evening to board local trains for home will now travel part of the distance by Metro. \"The facilities at Pranabananda Halt will allow a large number of suburban commuters from faraway places reach places like Park Street, Esplanade and Chandni Chowk much faster,\" the officer added.With the subway between the halt and the Metro station, there will be synergy between the Metro and suburban railway networks. In Dum Dum, there is a similar interface where suburban commuters can change over to the Metro and travel to the central business district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322831", "title": "50-year-old beaten to death in Kakori", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 50-year-old man was beaten to death in Kakori on Sunday morning. The deceased was identified as Kishori Baba, a resident of Mauda village.According to deceased's brother Ramesh Yadav, Kishori was returning home when accused Shatrughan Yadav and his sons Manoj Yadav, Raju Yadav and Omkaar, along with Ashok Yadav, Arun Yadav, all residents of the same village intercepted him and started beating with rods, sticks and sharp edge weapons.On hearing the noise, Ramesh, his wife Santosh and daughter Pinki also rushed to rescue Kishori. But, the accused also beat up Santosh and Pinki. Kishori died on the spot. The police confirmed that four of the accused identified as Manoj, Raju, Omkaar and Shatrughan have been arrested, while efforts are on to arrest others who are said to be absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12322611", "title": "Doctors to run for daughters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Instead of counselling at the hospital, young PGI doctors will run a stretch of 10km across the city to create awareness about saving the girl child, on March 25, International Day of Unborn Child. This would be the first such event by PGI doctors for a social issue. The doctors will rope in their former patients and sports icons like national hockey player Sandeep Singh and the flying Sikh Milkha Singh.\"We had been noticing that families neglect the health of the girls and women when they suffer from an ailment. They don't want to spend on them. This would be an opportunity to share such experiences and educate the masses,\" said Dr Sandeep Patel, president of the association of resident doctors, PGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12323662", "title": "21 institutes to take part in Indian Council of Agriculture Research sports", "text": "PATNA: About 500 sportspersons from 21 institutes will participate in the Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR) eastern zone tournament beginning at Mithilesh Stadium here on Monday.National Research Centre on Citrus, Nagpur, National Research centre for Agro-forestry, Jhansi, and Indian Grassland and Fodder Research Institute, Jhansi, will also participate as special invitees to the tournament being organized by ICAR Complex for Eastern Region, Patna .Art, culture and youth affairs minister Sukhda Pandey will inaugurate the four-day tournament. ADG, BMP, A C Verma and ADG (HQ) Ravindra Kumar will be the guests of honour. Football , volleyball, basketball, badminton , table tennis, kabadi, carom and chess besides track and field events will be held during the tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12323980", "title": "India Against Corruption members 'thank' Dewas MP", "text": "INDORE: The members of India Against Corruption (IAC) protested against Congress MP from Dewas, Sajjan Singh Verma on Sunday for serving privilege notice against team Anna member Arvind Kejariwal. IAC members requested the MP to serve them with privilege notice as well.Though the protest was with a difference.Core committee member of IAC, Mayank Gandhi, who was in the city to lead the protest, said that we went to the MP's house with folded hand to thank him for his action, and requested to serve privilege notice to IAC members as well.\"It is ironical that while everyone is aware of the presence of tainted leaders in the parliament, no one had the courage to speak against,\" said Gandhi. Though parliamentarians do not have any problem in sharing seats with tainted leaders, but they do not like if anyone points it out, he added.\"We have great respect for parliament and we expect that parties will take utmost care while sending clean and respected leaders to institution like parliament,\" said Gandhi adding that they stand by Kejriwal's statement and they believe that serving privilege notice by the MP will only strengthen their movement against corruption.Local coordinator of IAC Prahalad Pandey said they cannot accept any leader innocent as long as he/she is not cleared by the court. Government should develop a mechanism wherein cases related to politicians should be settled within a stipulated time.In the afternoon when IAC member reached Verma's house, Congress MP was already surrounded by his supporters. While the supporters of MP were heard shouting slogans in favour of Verma, IAC members shouted slogans like Bharat Mata Ki Jai and others.When Verma asked the IAC members to request him to take back the notice, protestors said they were not there to request to revoke notice but to thank him for serving notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321907", "title": "Professor's device to empower the visually-challenged", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Their inability to see had been limiting the visually-impaired people from foraying into the world of chemistry. Central University of Gujarat at Gandhinagar , however, unfolds new horizons for these differently-abled people, by inventing a device that mimics chemical properties in sounds.The device called 'Visionmeter' has been invented by a professor at the School of Chemical Sciences at Central University, Man Singh. When a certain chemical is poured into a jar that is provided with the device, a tiny pump sucks up an assigned amount of the liquid and fills it into a testing tube. Until the filling process is completed, the device keeps emitting a high pitch sound. Singh said that the time taken for filling up the same amount of liquid varies according to the properties of the liquid. The visually-challenged people can note down the duration of the sound and analyze the properties of different samples of liquids.Singh said, \"If the user wants to test the purity of water, he can note down the duration of the sound for the purest sample of water. After that, he can repeat the testing process for the next liquid. If the duration sound in the next test is longer, that means the second sample has impurities in it. It is based on the understanding that liquids with impurities are more viscous and take longer time to flow through a pump. This is called 'viscous flow time'.\"The device can also access other parameters like pH value, optical density, and conductance and so on. The device uses various sensors and other means like laser beams to measure these properties.\"The device could be used by the visually challenged to study chemistry as well as get employment in laboratories,\" said Singh. It was in the mid 80s when Singh, who was a research student in chemistry, saw a group of visually-impaired children walking by the road and almost got run by a bus. \"That day I promised to use my knowledge to help the visually-impaired people,\" said Singh.Vice-chancellor at the Central University of Gujarat, R K Kale, said, \"The device is aimed to empower the visually- challenged persons. Its price, however, is very high at the moment. We are looking for subsidies and other means to make it available at cheaper prices so that it can reach to the masses.\"The device cost around Rs10 Lakhs per piece at the moment. A Vadodara based company called Analab is manufacturing the device at the moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321790", "title": "Intelligence bureau quizzes kingpin of sim cards scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The kingpin of a sim card racket has been nabbed by Vastrapur police with no fewer than 2,000 illegally procured mobile connections. The development made senior Gujarat police officials take a second look at the accused, Ravindra Panchal, a resident of Chandlodia.On Sunday, Panchal was also grilled by a team of the state intelligence bureau (IB). \"We want to know exactly how Panchal got so many sim cards and what he was going to do with these,\" a police official said. Panchal was arrested on Friday by Vastrapur police for selling, without identity documents, pre-activated sim cards.According to Vastrapur police officials, Panchal showed them a stock of the activated sim cards at his shop. He was named by three youths arrested on Monday by police. The youths were selling the cards near Himalaya Mall.M R Sharma, inspector of Vastrapur police station, said that Panchal owns a mobile store selling handsets, sim cards and phone accessories. \"During questioning, we ascertained that he had got the cards for sale from various companies,\" Sharma said. \"He activated the cards on his own using the database of previous sim card customers. However, it is yet to be determined why he activated them before selling.\"Sharma added that such sim cards can be misused by anti-social elements and even terrorists. \"We want to know who purchased the cards,\" he said. \"Considering the gravity of the case, the state IB has shown interest and is investigating it along with us.\"As for the three youths arrested earlier, they are Jaydeep Denadiya, 19, a resident of Chandlodia; Kishor Patel, 21, a resident of Nirnaynagar; and Maulik Sathwara, 20, a resident of Ranip.They told investigators that their customer base consisted of youngsters who were interested in promotional offers and purchased the cards in bulk. The trio was interested in earning some pocket money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12324087", "title": "MP tourism body official gets international award in Germany", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (MPTDC) Chief General Manager (Marketing &amp; Operations) Om Vijay Choudhary has been awarded with the international award for \" Best Professional Marketing\" during \"ITB Berlin\", a world's leading travel trade show that was held in Germany from March 7.The state tourism development corporation participated in the international Tourism Bourse at Berlin where Pacific Asia Travel Writers Association (PATWA) adjudged the best performers of various professions of tourism Industry.ITB Berlin is the largest travel mart in which most of the countries of the world participate to showcase their tourism destinations.Recently Madhya Pradesh Tourism had bagged four National Tourism Awards from the Union Ministry of Tourism - \"First Best Tourism State, Best Tourism Film, Best Publicity Material and best Civic management of a tourism destination in India. The civic management award was conferred on state tourism for civic amenities provided at the famous tourist destination of \"Mandu\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12321724", "title": "Special forces hot on the trail of central regional bureau", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Aided by vital inputs from AP's Special Intelligence Bureau (SIB) following the arrest of Maoist central technical committee chief Sadanala Ramakrishna alias Santosh in Kolkata, security forces is hot on the trail of the Central Regional Bureau (CRB) members.CRB, which is the main guiding force of Maoist cadres, is also the pivot around which the party runs its military operations and guerrilla warfare against the security forces in various parts of the country. Highly placed sources said the belief among the security forces is that they would be in a position to check the Maoist menace if they tear down CRB.The cops have cracked almost all the main regional bureaus of Maoists and decimated them but found it tough to penetrate the CRB bastion. Sources said the security forces and intelligence wings like SIB have been trying to break CRB for the last seven years but could not succeed as CRB leaders rarely step out of their stronghold in Chhattisgarh. As of now only central committee (CC) leaders and polit bureau (PB) members have fallen into the SIB net.Apart from 'netting' Cherukuri Rajkumar alias Azad and Mallojula Koteswara Rao alias Kishenji, several top CC and PB leaders were lured into the covert operations of SIB as the Maoist party suffered several reverses in the recent past. More than 10 top leaders are serving jail terms. \"Once we sneak into the CRB network, it becomes easier for us to track down the core group of leaders, including their secretary general Ganapathi,\" a senior IPS officer told TOI on condition of anonymity.CRB has in its ranks top leaders like chief Katakam Sudarsan alias Anand, military head Tipparthi Tirupati alias Devji, secretary of Dandakaranya special zonal committee (DKSZC) Kadari Satyanarayana Reddy alias Kosa, DK in-charge Mallojula Venugopal alias Bhupathi, who is brother of slain leader Kishenji, and spokesperson Gudsa Usendi. Officers say that CRB is the main hurdle for the security forces to enter Abujmad, the military nerve centre of Maoists in Chhattisgarh. \"It is very important for us to break CRB's network. Even if we get a single channel, we will ride roughshod on the rebels,\" a senior officer involved in anti-insurgency activities told TOI.Despite losing ground in north Telangana SZC and AP state committee, CRB is very strong in DKSZC and Andhra-Orissa Border (AOB). CRB led the massacre operations at Errabore and Chintalnar in Chhattisgarh in which 56 SPOs and 74 CRPF cops were killed.In fact, the morale of the elite Greyhounds hit a new low when CRB men ambushed and killed 34 personnel of Greyhounds at Balimela four years ago. \"If we succeed in smashing the CRB network, then the war with Maoists is as good as over,\" an IPS officer observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12322253", "title": "Government\u2019s grievance portal barely redresses any", "text": "GURGAON:At the time of its launch some two years ago, the Haryana government's grievance redressal portal - www.harsamadhan.gov.in - was touted as nothing less than an e-governance breakthrough. \"An endeavour of the Haryana government for fast samadhan (redressal) of every kind of citizen's grievance with a vision of pursuing excellence in e-governance,\" stated the official statement.But looking at the number of cases the website has received until recently - and indeed the number of cases solved as yet - the whole thing appears distinctly unlike a success story.According to officials of the National Informatics Centre (NIC) in Gurgaon, the portal has received no more than 288 complaints since its launch in 2010, out of which 269 cases remain pending with several departments. These figures don't just fly in the face of all the common notions of Haryana being an e-governance leader in the country, but also draw attention to how neither the citizenry nor the bureaucracy might be ready to accept the new shift towards technology.The NIC official, who maintains the portal, also said that only 16 cases registered on harsamadhan.gov.in have been solved and disposed of as yet. \"Out of a total of 288 cases, 269 haven't been solved. Sixteen cases have been solved and three needed no action,\" said the official.The district administration also acknowledges the lack of competency on the part of authorities when it comes to mixing IT with governance, and continues to hold training camps for government officials in collaboration with the NIC. S K Joshi, an another city-based NIC representative, said training camps for government officials have just been concluded here. \"We have been organizing training sessions to help the officials operating harsamadhan.gov.in in a better way,\" said Joshi.However, it remains to be seen how efficient the training has been. But all the training can't help sort out the other end of the problem - getting the residents to use the site.Deputy commissioner P C Meena, who is also head of Gurgaon's District IT Society, has made no bones about the troubles the ambitious e-governance project faces. \"I reviewed this some time ago and found that officers were not able to handle it. Also, the public response was not good,\" Meena told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12323845", "title": "'I just do it for fun'", "text": "Anjana (name changed) says she comes daily to Gurgaon from Faridabad to be a part of the night life. She is one of the 'helper' girls, standing outside the pubs to accompany clients in. She doesn't have any ties with pub and she just \"does this for fun\"What do you do as a helper at the pubs?It's simple - I take Rs 500 from a customer for a dance, and they get me a drink or two. Nothing else. I work at a company in Gurgaon at daytime and come here at night.Why did you decide to be one of the helper girls?Just for fun. I know scores of women like me who come here and do the same thing. It's just good fun.What about safety? Do you feel safe here?No. There is no police here. Today, you have these cops around because of the publicity the recent rape case received . Otherwise, they are never here.Any particular scary incident that you know of or have experienced?Out on the road, I have seen all sorts of the things. Men beating girls, harassment and molestation are common. Cops are hardly around; and even if one is there, he doesn't do anything about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12323019", "title": "BJP, Monserrate strike deal on Panaji corporation leadership issue", "text": "PANAJI: BJP-backed councillor of Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) Vaidehi Naik is tipped to be the new mayor and either Bento Lorena or Kabir Makhija, from the panel backed by St Cruz MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate, to be her deputy after both camps worked out a compromise over the corporation's leadership issue.Naik, who is a first time councillor, will take over from Yatin Parekh who tendered his resignation a few days back.This is also a new twist to the whole issue after Monserrate had announced Rudresh Chodankar for the post of mayor and Bento Lorena as his deputy, after a meeting at his residence on March 15.Former mayor Tony Rodrigues, who was in Monserrate's panel, had also announced that he would contest the elections on March 20 for the mayor's post. Rodrigues had lost favour with Monserrate, who had suspected him of having worked against his wife, Jennifer Monserrate in Taleigao. But Rodrigues had denied it. On Sunday, Rodrigues maintained that he will contest the mayor's poll, but declined to comment further.Monserrate's panel had won 16 seats and the BJP 12 seats while the two remaining ones were won by husband-wife independent duo of Surendra and Ruth Furtado in the March 2011 elections to the 30-ward council.Interestingly, Yatin Parekh was formally elected mayor of Panaji while Rudresh Chodankar was voted as deputy mayor on March 23, 2011. Parekh and Chodankar had received 16 votes as against 12 received by their counterparts, Vaidehi Naik and Shubham Chodankar of the BJP panel. Both independent councillors had abstained from voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12327790", "title": "IPL teams' rivalry spills over Facebook, Twitter", "text": "NEW DELHI: The rivalry between IPL teams is spilling over to the social media platform ahead of the season five of the T20 league as they intensify campaigns to drum up support of fans through sites like Facebook and Twitter.With the social networking sites providing the opportunity to fans to interact with their star players, teams like Delhi Daredevils, Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings are leaving no stone unturned to exploit the opportunity to add more supporters.\"Social media is one of the most important tools and an integral part of any team to reach out to the fans now. We have been stagnant for the past four years but this year we have really activated it,\" Delhi Daredevils Head of Marketing and Commercial Hemant Dua told PTI.He said from just about 30,000 fans on Facebook for the past four years, Delhi Daredevils has increased it to 2,30,000 in the last few months.\"We have been holding a lot of contests for the fans, like designing the mascot for the team, and it has helped,\" Dua said, adding this year three fans will be selected through a contest to travel with the team to report on the team's off-field activities.Similarly, Chennai Super Kings has touched over seven lakh followers on its Facebook page over the past two months from just 40,000 earlier following intensified campaign to utilise the social media platform\"What we have done is assign different roles to different sites. For instance we are using Twitter for news related to the team, while Facebook has been used as platform for interaction.Also we are using different activities involving fans, including contests,\" India Cements general Manager Marketing Chandrabhan said. India Cements own the Chennai Super Kings. Likewise, Mumbai Indians has also kicked off 'Players Become Friends' campaign designed to increase the interaction between the players and the fans in the digital space.\"This year our focus is completely on digital media. We will be having a new TV commercial and ground promotions for IPL 5 but the main thrust is to capitalise on the social platform to reach out to Mumbai Indians fans and make them feel as an integral part of the team,\" a Mumbai Indian spokesperson said.Mumbai Indians have nearly 2.5 million followers on Facebook fan page 'MI Paltan', he said, adding the aim of the campaign is to encourage them engaging with the players rather than being mere spectators.The team is also using personalised video messages from Mumbai Indians players, including Sachin Tendulkar and Harbhajan Singh , as part of the 'Players Become Friends' social media campaign that will carried out on out-of-home and radio along with TV, he added.While the teams are reluctant to share their spendings on the social media campaigns, Dua of Delhi Daredevils said:\"Our spending on digital media has definitely increased, to almost double but it is all about spending judiciously and trying to make the right connect with the fans.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12321854", "title": "Absconder arrested", "text": "City police officials arrested absconder Javed Pathan, 31, a resident of Shah-e-Alam, Danilimda, on Saturday. The police said that Pathan was hiding to avoid being booked under the PASA.The crime branch has already prepared a dossier for Pathan. PCB records show that Pathan is a habitual offender and was dodging police since March 9 when the PASA order was issued against him, the police said.Based on a tip-off received by police constable Bhupendrasinh Dharmendrasinh, Pathan was trapped in Shah-e-Alam. The accused was later handed over to the Danilimda police. \"He is likely to be sent to a jail outside the city,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12322083", "title": "Man goes to HC to get back 'abducted' wife", "text": "Mumbai: Less than four months after his marriage was solemnized in Doha, a young Muslim man has had to knock at the Bombay high court's doors to get his wife back. It was a love marriage that his Hindu in-laws could not accept, he alleged. It led to his young wife being allegedly abducted by her own parents in a dramatic manner last month, he said.A bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode directed the Byculla police to produce the 21-year-old woman before it on March 28 from Ranchi, where she is believed to be.Mosin Ahmed (name changed), an Indian educated in Mumbai and Qatar, was working as a manager and assisting his father's business in Qatar. He had met a Hindu girl, Supriya Raj Singh (name changed), a mass media graduate, in 2009 in Mumbai. His counsel Shrikant Bhat said that the two got married on October 31, 2011 in Doha after she converted to Islam. In Qatar, a marriage can be solemnized only between two Muslims and is performed and sanctified in the family court. His wife's conversion to Islam is gazetted in the April 2011 Maharashtra state gazette notification, said Mosin's petition. A wedding reception in Mumbai last December went unattended by her parents.Trouble, he said, began when his mother-in-law allegedly ripped two pages of his wife's passport. On New Year's Eve, the immigration officer at Mumbai airport impounded her \"damaged passport\", forcing her to stay back. Mosin said he had to leave for Qatar on January 5. A month later, his wife told Mosin that she was going to the Mumbai domestic airport to meet her mother, with whom she was in touch through phone. Her mother wanted to help her get a new passport issued from Ranchi.\"She never came back and the Mumbai police merely recorded a missing complaint.\" A day later, she allegedly called Mosin's mother in Qatar and said she had been \"forcibly\" taken to Jharkhand by her mother. Mosin said that he returned to India and lodged a kidnapping case with the Jharkhand police who were \"not receptive\". He said he received \"threatening\" calls to withdraw his complaint. Bhat said that the police have not acted on the complaint and fearing for the young bride's safety, there is no recourse but to get the high court to issue a habeas corpus writ (to produce her in court).Meanwhile, the police have submitted that the girl has given a notarized letter written to them on February 16 that she is voluntarily residing with her parents and does not \"take any allegations put forward by Mosin\". The notarization, however, is of March 2.Mosin Ahmed had met a Hindu girl, Supriya Raj Singh, in 2009 in Mumbai. The two got married on October 31, 2011 in Doha after she converted to Islam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12324133", "title": "Zaheda Pervez asks for new mattress", "text": "INDORE: The key conspirator accused in the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood, Zaheda Parvez is having a tough time at the district jail here and is uncomfortable with the mat provided to her. She has demanded for a new mattress for herself stating that the mat provided to her was not comfortable.The jail staff has turned down her demand stating that the jail manual has no such provision.Talking to ToI, the jail superintendent, Dinesh Nargawe, said that Zaheda Parvez has asked for a new mattress. \"There is no such provision in the jail manual, which states that an accused be provided with any special arrangement inside the prison. Here she is equal to all other inmates and has been provided with a mat that is provided to all,\" he added.Zaheda Parvez and her friend Saba Farooqui, co-accused in the case, have been lodged in the district jail, Indore while the other accused, Saquib alias Danger who is alleged to have arranged the shooters, is lodged in the Indore Central Jail.Another accused, Irfan, who was arrested by the special task force of Uttar Pradesh police in Kanpur in connection with another case is in CBI custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322853", "title": "Engineering student killed in car crash", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another late-night crash due to speeding, a BTech student was killed and three others were left battling critical injuries after the Toyota Corolla they were travelling in hit a divider on Vikas Marg, near ITO bridge, then rammed a pole and rolled over several times, around 2am on Sunday.Among those with grievous injuries are a budding cricketer, Shubham, 19; a 23-year-old DU girl, Nikita , who lost her arm in the accident and a 22-year-old youth, Gurjeet, who was driving. The six friends were on their way to India Gate after watching a movie at the Great India Place Mall in Noida, police said.Shubhmeet Bishnoi, 22, who was declared dead in hospital, was studying engineering in Rampur, Uttar Pradesh, and had come to meet his friend, Gurjeet. Shubham has represented Delhi in cricket, police said.Death came at 100kmph\"The group first went to Laxmi Nagar to Gurjeet's house after the movie and then headed to India Gate to have ice cream. The car was at a very high speed, possibly much over 100kmph, and the driver lost control near the Rainy Well bus stand and hit the divider, then a pole and overturned three to four times. The car was badly crushed and passengers got trapped inside it,\" said a senior cop.Two girls, Kavita and Chhavi, miraculously escaped with minor injuries. They got out of the car and made a PCR call. The other victims were taken to Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital and Lok Nayak Hospital.\"No one was drunk at the time of the incident, so it appears that speeding was the reason why the driver lost control. The accident cell is investigating the cause of the mishap. A case of rash driving and causing death due to negligence has been registered against Gurjeet at the Shakarpur police station,\" an officer said.Nikita, whose left hand had to be amputated as it was badly damaged in the accident, has been shifted to a private hospital, police said. Gurjeet was taken from LNJP hospital to Sant Parmanand Hospital during the day. He has a fractured leg, police said.Bishnoi had come to Delhi to meet his friend, Gurjeet, who lived in Laxmi Nagar. The car belonged to Gurjeet's uncle, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12323300", "title": "77% turnout in Sankarankoil byelection", "text": "SANKARANKOIL: The byelections to the Sankarankoil assembly seat in Tirunelveli district, perceived as a virtual referendum for the Jayalalithaa government which is on the verge of completing one year, saw an impressive high turnout of around 77% on Sunday.The poll was necessitated due to the demise of sitting AIADMK MLA C Karuppasamy in October last.The voting percentage is higher than the 75.7 % registered in the constituency during the assembly polls last year, special chief electoral officer D Raajendiran told TOI. The polling was smooth and peaceful, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "12323853", "title": "Japanese speak out: No to nuclear power", "text": "TOKYO: A vast majority of Japanese favour the gradual phasing out of nuclear plants but accept that some reactors need to be restarted to secure enough power in the short term, a newspaper poll showed on Sunday.The poll, published in the Tokyo Shimbun newspaper and conducted on the first anniversary of the tsunami-triggered nuclear crisis, comes ahead of decision expected soon by the government on whether to allow the restart of two idled nuclear reactors..According to the poll by Japan Association for Public Opinion Research, 79.6% of those asked were at least more or less in favour of breaking with nuclear power eventually . But 69% backed the restart of some nuclear reactors to ensure enough power. Just 28% were opposed.Since last year's accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant the country's commercial nuclear power plants have been undergoing safety inspections with just two out of 54 reactors currently online.Japanese business circles fear power shortages could slow an already limping economy , but residents near existing plants are against the early resumption of idled reactors , some filing lawsuits seeking injunctions to block the process.Despite the government's declaration in December that the crippled Fukushima plant had been brought to a stable state, 92% are worried about it, the survey said.Prime minister Yoshiniko Noda's government is planning to draft Japan's overall energy policy later this year including the policy on nuclear power plants. Noda has said Japan should seek to reduce its reliance on nuclear power, seen as a toned-down claim compared with his predecessor Naoto Kan's announcement that Japan must have the eventual goal of becoming nuclear-free .Only two of the country's 54 nuclear reactors are currently operating but both are scheduled to be shut by early May which means potential power shortages this summer.The government has said it will eventually reduce its reliance on nuclear power - which before the crisis accounted for 30% of the electricity demand.Trade minister Yukio Edano said this month that no nuclear reactors in Japan may resume operations in time for summer, leaving the country facing an estimated 10% power shortage during demand hours in summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12323171", "title": "Insider may have killed Army officer's wife: Police", "text": "AMRITSAR: The police investigating the murder of serving Army officer's wife have retrieved the call details and suspect the killing to be an insider's job.Vinita Wankhede, 28, was found strangled late on Wednesday night at her residence in the high-security Manekshaw Enclave, a residential colony for Army officers located on the Ram Tirath Road.In charge of Central Investigation Agency (CIA) Vikramjeet Sharma said, \"Jewellery and cash in the cupboards were not touched. Some of the ornaments worn by the victim were missing.\" Sharma said the SIM card of the woman's cellphone was missing. Sharma said there were no signs of forced entry and the killers came in through the rear entrance according to neighbours.Sharma added, \"There is a possibility that the woman was raped but nothing can be confirmed at the moment. We await the postmortem report and the matter is being investigated in detail.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322383", "title": "Highways ministry to earn more from toll tax", "text": "NEW DELHI: The highways ministry expects approximately Rs 840 crore jump in toll revenue from roads and bridges on national highways (NHs) as more stretches come under the tolling network. The toll revenue is likely to touch Rs 3,627 crore in 2012-13 from Rs 3,554 crore during the current financial year.Almost 95% of this revenue will come from roads owned by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), as per the budget estimates presented in Lok Sabha. Sources in the authority said the increase in toll revenue also includes the premium that NHAI has got from awarding of projects in 2011 and 2012. The authority has earned at least Rs 2,300 crore as premium from awarding of projects during the current financial year.Premium is the amount that private developers pay annually to the NHAI. Moreover, the annual premium amount increases by 5% for the entire concession period.\"We also expect more stretches which we will be awarding to private players for maintenance and collecting toll to private developers will fetch premium. We will have enough funds to take care of our financial needs for the next fiscal year. We have also raised Rs 10,000 crore from the market with us for investment,\" said a senior NHAI official. He added that the impact of premium would be visible in the next 2-3 years.The NHAI also expects the revenue from fuel cess for highways sector to be around Rs 8,400 crore in 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12321814", "title": "Year's first case of vaccine-derived polio reported in Bengal", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has reported its first case of vaccine derived polio virus (VDPV) infection of 2012. A five-month-old child from the Murshidabad district of West Bengal has got infected with the virus after taking the oral polio vaccine.This, however, does not threaten India's recently awarded polio free status because though detecting VDPV is part of the surveillance system, it does not get added when putting together a country's polio numbers.Only infections caused by wild polio virus strains like P1 and P3 get counted. \"The infected child is from Lalbagh block of Murshidabad district. Detailed follow-up investigations are being carried out. Preliminary reports indicate that the child was admitted to a hospital recently and has been ill for prolonged periods indicating the possibility of immunodeficiency,\" a ministry official told TOI.Oral polio vaccines (OPV) contain a weakened version of poliovirus, activating an immune response in the body. A vaccinated person transmits the weakened virus to others, who also develop antibodies to polio, ultimately stopping transmission of poliovirus in a community. According to experts, in very rare instances, the virus in the vaccine can mutate into a form that can paralyze -- this is what is known as a VDPV.In 2011, India reported seven cases of VDPVs -- one of them in a child with congenital immune deficiency in Dhamtari district in Chhattisgarh -- and the others in areas with low routine immunization coverage like Udaipur (Rajasthan), Ghaziabad and Badaun (Uttar Pradesh), Barnala (Punjab), Vidisha (Madhya Pradesh) and Jajpur (Orissa).\"None of the VDPVs detected in India during the past two years have shown evidence of circulation. None of the VDPV strains detected in India during 2010 and 2011 are genetically linked to each other. In response to the VDPV cases, state and district authorities have conducted catch up routine vaccination and localized polio vaccination campaigns,\" India's National Polio Surveillance Programme said.Health ministry officials say importation of wild poliovirus remains the greatest threat to children in India.Experts say OPV is a very safe and effective vaccine that has protected millions of children from paralysis. It was the bivalent polio vaccine that brought down India's polio cases to zero. This is why last month, India was removed from the list of polio endemic countries after completing a full year without reporting a single case of wild polio virus infection.According to WHO, from 2000 to 2010, more than 10 billion doses of OPV were administered to over 2.5 billion children. As a result, more than 3.5 million polio cases were prevented. During that time, 18 outbreaks of circulating VDPVs occurred in 16 countries, resulting in 510 VDPV cases.\"The small risk of VDPVs pales in significance to the tremendous public health benefits associated with OPV. Every year, hundreds of thousands of cases due to wild polio virus are prevented. Well over eight million cases have been averted since largescale administration of OPV began 20 years ago,\" WHO said.Circulating VDPVs in the past have been rapidly stopped with 2-3 rounds of high-quality immunization campaigns. The solution is the same for all polio outbreaks: immunize every child several times with the oral vaccine to stop polio transmission, regardless of the origin of the virus.India's achievement in stopping wild polio virus transmission is being considered one of the greatest achievements in public health in the 21st century. India's last case of wild polio infection was reported on January 13, 2011, also from West Bengal.Prime Minister Dr Manohan Singh said the real credit for this major achievement goes to the 23 lakh volunteers who repeatedly vaccinated children \"even in the most remote areas, often in very bad weather conditions\".India recorded 741 cases of polio in 2009 - nearly half the number of global cases. But in a remarkable turn of events, India reported just one case of the crippling disease in 2011 and went on to record zero cases in over 12 months since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321339", "title": "Dapoli farmer to help increase green cover in Doha", "text": "PUNE: Dapoli-based farmer Ravindra Kalekar will help increase the tree cover in Doha, the capital of Qatar in the Middle East, as part of that country's preparations to host the FIFA World Cup in 2022.Kalekar, who owns a nursery in Dapoli, Ratnagiri district will supply 1,439 trees that have grown up to 15 feet, for a plantation drive in Doha. Kalekar had received an order to supply 6,000 fully grown trees in 2009 for another tree plantation drive in Doha.\"When I got the first export order, I felt the importers were wasting their money. However, I was able to keep my part of the order by mid-2010,\" he told TOI on Thursday.Al Wafa Trading Company based in Doha has sought the trees. \"The 2009 order was on a trial basis and I supplied it through an exporter. Once the official announcement of FIFA World Cup was made, I received a call from a Doha-based friend Khalid Khatib to supply more plants. The 1,439 plants will be shipped to Doha by March 20,\" Kalekar said. Khatib works with Al Wafa and had recommended Kalekar's name.The plants are currently being packed in Dapoli and will be taken to Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust near Mumbai. \"An air-conditioned container has been booked for these plants. A direct journey to Doha would take 12 days, but if the ship goes via Dubai , it will take 20 days to reach Doha,\" Kalekar said.Peepal, mango , sapodilla (chiku), gulmohar and tabebuia rosea (rosy trumpet) are among the 17 tree species that would be sent. Each tree, including transportation, would cost Rs 600, he added. Kalekar and his son Rohit supply fully grown plants for landscape projects in the domestic market.\"The real challenge was to grow plants in local conditions while ensuring that they would survive in hot and dry climatic conditions of Doha, where average temperature is 40 degrees Celsius. We sought technical guidance from Pune-based Govind Hande, a senior official with the horticulture department,\" Rohit said.The plants were grown in cocopeat (coconut husk) since germination stage for more than a year to ensure their survival in adverse conditions. They will now be planted in Doha, where the roots will be exposed to severe heat in the soil and very little moisture.\"After plantation, the plants will shed all their leaves, but sprout new ones soon. This will be an indication of successful plantation. The high temperature creates adverse conditions for saplings, hence areas like Doha are barren. Only healthy plants and roots can survive, hence the option of transplantation of fully grown plants is chosen by landscaping companies in Doha,\" Hande said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12323640", "title": "PM favours Gaya for Central University of Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Central University of Bihar (CUB) is unlikely to be relocated at Motihari since Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has backed the move of Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal to establish it at Gaya.Recently, JD(U) national spokesman and Rajya Sabha member Shivanand Tiwary raised the CUB issue with the PM and requested his intervention to set up the university at Motihari as a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi who launched the Satyagraha movement there in 1917. Tiwary said here on Sunday that the PM told him a few days back that the Centre wants a good central university in Bihar and Gaya is a suitable place for it.Taking strong exception to the PM's stand, the JD(U) leader accused the Congress-led UPA and the earlier Congress regimes at the Centre of intentionally treating Bihar as its colony. \"The Centre is showing disrespect to the people of Bihar as well as its elected representatives. A unanimous resolution was passed by the Bihar legislature after the consent of the Business Advisory Committee of the assembly,\" Tiwary said and warned that this mentality of demeaning the state's concerns and interests would be suicidal for the Congress which, he said, was already going down.Again, he said, Bihar was ignored in the Central budget and nothing was given to the state despite requests made by chief minister Nitish Kumar to Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia.On Sunday, senior politician Mithilesh Kumar Singh joined the JD(U) in the presence of Tiwary. Mithilesh had been MLA from Chhapra once in 1977 and was an active member of the steering committee constituted by Jaya Prakash Narayan during Emergency. He also remained with Samata Party since its inception. In between, he joined no party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12322535", "title": "Man run over by Rajdhani Express", "text": "Howrah: A middle-aged man was run over by the Rajdhani Express in Howrah station on Sunday morning. Police suspect that the man has committed suicide.It was a busy Sunday morning at the station when the incident took place and the down Rajdhani Express was entering platform number 9.Eyewitnesses said that the man jumped in front of the approaching train. The body was later recovered by the railway police. The man's identity is yet to be established.Police are still clueless on the motive behind the act as no suicide note has been recovered from the person.Though train services were not disrupted, there was panic in the station after the incident. The body has been sent for post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12323519", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Board to act tough against unfair means in exams", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) is gearing up to take stringent action against errant students charged with copying in examinations.Board secretary Kedar Sharma said that MPBSE would not spare the offenders using unfair means in the exams and they could be prosecuted under Madhya Pradesh Secondary Education Act, 1937.According to the MP Secondary Act, students booked for a case of using unfair means in examinations would have the respective examination cancelled while an FIR would be registered for those having two or more such cases.Till date, more than 2, 000 cases of copying in exams have been registered in the on-going class X and XII examinations of MP Board. 14 exams have been conducted so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323198", "title": "Modern-day Jhansi uses RTI to fight for justice", "text": "CHENNAI: But for her resolve to use the RTI as a tool to seek justice, T Jhansi Lakshmi would have been just another ordinary housewife. Her relentless fight for nearly five years to expose an alleged recruitment fraud in the staff selection commission has given her the tag of a fighter.Lakshmi is determined to get a CBI inquiry ordered in the matter. All for her husband's cause, a data entry operator in the SSC, who has been denied promotion for about 20 years.It all started in May, 2007 when Lakshmi first sent an application to the public information officer (PIO) at SSC, New Delhi, asking for details of the 1989-1990 batch key punch/data entry operators' selection process. She asked for a copy of the advertisement published in the November-December 1989 issue of the Employment News, inviting applications for the post.The PIO replied within two weeks stating that the information could not be provided as they were more than 15 years old. All files relating to the selection process had been weeded out after a 10-year retention period, the PIO said.After Lakshmi filed two appeals, in September, 2007, the PIO, on his own, provided partial information on the 1989-90 batch selection. In January, 2009, the first appellate authority provided Lakshmi with a copy of the selection list of the 1989-90 exam.The selection list did not match with the SSC's departmental seniority list as two names on the seniority list were not found on the selection list provided by the first appellate authority. Further, those two people had joined the SSC in March 1989 itself, almost a year before the written exam itself was conducted.Lakshmi's contention is that her husband's promotion was getting delayed because two ineligible people, who had not even written the test, are above him on the seniority list. The CIC ordered on February 11, 2009 that the first appellate authority dispose of Lakshmi's application within 15 days.Since then, Lakshmi has been sending repeated letters to the CIC and the chairman of the SSC, but there is no response. Finally, she has sent a representation to the Central Vigilance Commissioner and is hoping some action will be forthcoming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12323746", "title": "Extra \u2018girly\u2019 genes boost male sex drive", "text": "WASHINGTON: Males with an extra \"girly\" sex chromosome seem to have an insatiable appetite for sex - at least in mice, scientists have claimed.Chromosomes are long strings of DNA that hold many genes; humans have 23 pairs of chromosomes, one set inherited from each parent. Females have two X chromosomes, while males possess one X and one Y.The new study, published in the journal Hormones and Behaviour, was done in mice, but researchers said the genes that determine sex are similar in all mammals, including humans , so the results might be applicable , especially in males with Klinefelter's syndrome, or those who have an extra X chromosome.\"Whether this is a specific phenomenon to mice, or even to this particular inbred background strain of laboratory mice, is still an open question , but we did find similar results in two different genetic models of mice,\" said study researcher Paul Bonthuis, a graduate student at the University of Virginia . \"To know how general the finding is to other mammals one would have to do studies with other mammalian species directly,\" he was quoted as saying by LiveScience. In the study, the researchers studied two special lines of mice. First, they were able to separate the effects of the X and Y chromosomes from the mouse's sexual development (which is dependent on one gene on the Y chromosome).This means that even lab mice with odd numbers of sex chromosomes - for instance males with two X's or females that have a Y - still developed normally; they had normal genitalia and sexual behaviours. In another mouse model, the researchers linked the X and Y chromosome so this pair could be matched up with an X chromosome , resulting in genetically XXY males. These two models provided different parts of the puzzle, with the first one revealing developmental differences created by genes on either the X or Y chromosome that aren't involved in normal development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323214", "title": "High court to decide on P Orr &amp; Sons building's heritage status today", "text": "CHENNAI: It was business as usual at the P Orr &amp; Sons showroom on Anna Salai, a day before the court hearing to discuss its heritage status on Monday. \"We don't see many customers on Sundays and business is slower than a weekday,\" said an employee at the showroom.As customers went about buying watches and clocks from the 139-year-old showroom, employees were busy removing stock from workshops in the rear. The firm started evacuating the workshops after Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) sought to acquire the property to build an underground station.On Friday, CMRL assured that it would not touch the heritage portion of the building after a public interest litigation filed by the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach) came up for hearing before a division bench. Subsequently, the court had posted the matter to March 19 for further arguments.\"Chennai has already lost some major landmarks including the Moore Market complex and the Bentinck building. It is important to preserve the P Orr &amp; Sons, as it is a representative structure of the city,\" said a conservation expert.CMRL had earlier gone ahead with the acquisition saying that only the front portion of the building which faces Anna Salai has heritage value.The PIL contended that not just the front portion, but the entire structure and adjoining workshops were part of the heritage precinct. Demolition of any part of the P Orr &amp; Sons building to make way for a station was a violation of the development control rules, the PIL said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12325905", "title": "Biometric system cuts Finance Ministry's salary bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The amount paid on an average per month as overtime allowance to the employees of Finance Ministry has come down by around one fourth after installation of biometric attendance system, the Ministry has said in response to an RTI query.The Ministry used to pay an average overtime allowance of Rs 2,26,978 each month, which after installation of biometric attendance system has reduced to Rs 62,600 approximately, the RTI reply.Biometric attendance system was installed in the Ministry to ensure that the employees and officials come to their office on time and do not leave early.The application to seek the information on overtime allowance paid by the Ministry was filed by RTI activist Gopal Prasad.He had also sought information on the modernization plans undertaken by the Ministry at its offices here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322763", "title": "Lalita Park: Court rejects realtor's bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has rejected the bail plea of a builder allegedly responsible for inferior construction that led to the death of 71 people in a building collapse in the Laxmi Nagar area last year. The collapse left 65 people severely injured.Justice M L Mehta dismissed the bail plea of Amrit Singh after the crime branch in a detailed status report, informed the court that Singh is a \"habitual criminal\", who is involved in more than 30 criminal cases and has been convicted in a few cases. Singh has been behind bars since March last year in connection with the Lalita Park building collapse.\"The collapsed building was constructed up to the fifth floor on a three-side open plot. It was constructed without any advice from technical, architectural, or structural expert in a sandy area near the vicinity of the Yamuna bed or close proximity of rainy well. No plan was sanctioned/approved at the time of construction of this building,\" the police report informed HC, on the basis of which the court ruled out any relief to Singh. Appearing for the state, additional public prosecutor Fizani Husain had apprised the court of criminal negligence on behalf of Singh.She alleged that Singh allowed 200 tenants in the building and installed a massive storage tank of 15,000l on its roof. When water flooded the basement of the building in September 2010, the tenants informed Singh, but he took half-hearted measures. Instead of informing the authorities, he started to get the water removed through a submersible pump, leading to sand erosion, which made the building dangerous to live in.The builder has already been chargesheeted by the police and is facing trial in court, where the case is at the stage of prosecution evidence, with 16 witnesses having been examined.The prosecution opposed his bail also on the ground that he may influence witnesses or tamper with evidence.Singh, 55, was arrested from Geeta Colony soon after the tragedy. According to the police, he had fled from the Laxmi Nagar area on hearing about the collapse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12323219", "title": "53 couples get married at Re 1 in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: In times of escalating prices, an unusual event was organized on Sunday where one could get married at just one rupee at Pushkar Road Vishram Sthali. Nearly 53 couples tied the knot. The event was organized by the NGO Pehla Kadam.It was a mass marriage event with a difference as the brides and grooms from different religions like Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, Sindhi, etc., took their nuptials vows under the same roof.The brides and grooms were from underprivileged backgrounds and had grown up as orphans and destitute.Priests of every religion were present on the occasion to perform marriage rituals.Jaya of Naya Bazaar is an orphan and she was married to Deepak who is also a destitute, \"We wanted to marry but had no money for it. Here we paid just one rupee to get married,\" said Jaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "yamunanagar/ambala", "code": "12323345", "title": "Haryana Boards exams: Lab attendant is examiner, instructor is centre head", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR/AMBALA: With staffers on examination duty at one centre each in Yamunanagar as well as Ambala districts being allegedly ineligible, the role of education department, especially those responsible for conducting examinations, during Haryana Board of School Education (HBSE) has come under the scanner.Jai Narain, a lab attendant with the a government senior secondary school of Mandola village in Yamunanagar district, has been found perforiming the duty of examiner in an examination centre being set up in a private school of Mustafabad town of the district.At the same time, Balwinder Singh, an instructor of government school, who holds the status of a class III employee, was found performing the duty of centre suprintendent, which according to rule book, has to be performed by a senior lecturer of the school or the principal or headmaster/headmistress of schools.Until some of the examiners doing duty at Mustafabad and government senior secondary school at Shehzadpur sub-division of Ambala, where Balwinder was found acting as centre superintendent, the district education officers (DEOs) have shifted out the two officials, after ordering a probe to ascertain the lapse.Confirming the development, officials in education department, said that both Jai Narain and Balwinder Singh have been told to appear before the concerned DEOs for further course of action.The board exam commenced on March 15 and the violation in duty decorum came to the department's notice on March 17 when some teachers informed it about the same.\"Such duty by non-eligible staff is a clear-cut violation of rules as only teachers should be assigned exam duty. Another objectionable point is that the employee, Jai Narain, was deputed in a government school for exam duty and was found on duty at the centre of a private school of the same town. An inquiry has been ordered to find out why did he help the private school,\" said DEO, Yamunanagar, Jagjit Kaur,\"The employee has been relieved from duties. An eligible candidate will be appointed in his place\", she added.On the other hand, Jai Narain cited notings of education department, under which he, being a senior lab assistant, can work in exam centres.In Ambala, Balwinder Singh, who is class III level instructor of vocational courses with government schools, was working as centre superintendent at government senior seconday school, Sahazadpur, while a senior school cadre lecturer or school principal is eligible for it. District elementary education officer, Savitri Sihag said, \"No doubt a non-eligible candidate was deputed at the centre. This happened due to a mistake while feeding data in the computer, regarding duty allotment. We have marked a detailed inquiry into the incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12322657", "title": "New hostel to come up for Thai students at BHU", "text": "VARANASI: Ambassador of Thailand in India, Pisan Mana Wapat, called on vice-chancellor, Banaras Hindu University, Lalji Singh at VC lodge on Sunday. The Thai ambassador expressed desire for construction of a separate 35-room hostel for Thai monks studying at Banaras Hindu University with the help of Thai government.The BHU V-C gave his nod to the proposal on the occasion. Later, BHU V-C also instructed superintending engineer S P Singh to start the survey work for construction of the hostel. The Thai ambassador also expressed satisfaction and praised the efforts of BHU for promoting traditional and modern education on the varsity campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12323713", "title": "Hitler wanted to rule from Hollywood", "text": "LONDON: German dictator Adolf Hitler had a secret Nazi ranch near Hollywood in Los Angeles in the US state of California from where he intended to rule the world had his country won World War II, say historians.Built by US sympathizers of the Nazi cause, Hilter's Murphy Ranch was tucked away in the idyllic Los Angeles hills between celebrity mansions. In fact, it was the heavily guarded home to a community of 50 Hollywood fascists who had planned to ride out the war there until the Third Reich was victorious, according to the historians.The day after Pearl Harbour was bombed on December 7, 1941, police raided the place and took away its occupants. The property still stands a mile or so from the home of director Steven Spielberg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ajab (junagadh)", "code": "12322095", "title": "Ajab story: Online classes in Gujarat village", "text": "AJAB (JUNAGADH): It's a typical 6 X 6 classroom of a village school - dimly lit and dusty with furniture crying for repairs. But, what catches one's attention is a big TV monitor, a wireless microphone enabling web conferencing and internet connectivity. At sharp 7 am, students of Shri Krishna Vidya Mandir in Ajab village jostle for space in this room keenly waiting for Chiman Delwadia who is about to log on from Birmingham in Alabama, US.When Delwadia appears on the TV monitor, students throw a volley of maths problems at him and he patiently starts solving them. The class continues for 90 minutes where students of classes 7, 8 and 9 learn mathematics with fun.They have also started conversing in English. The tri-weekly online classes have ensured that a subject most dreaded by students has become a favourite of nearly 36 children in this obscure village. Delwadia, 58, born and brought up in Ajab, migrated to the US in 1978 and works as a system engineer for Southern Company Services, a utility company of four southern states in the US. \"Whenever I came to Ajab, I was pained to see that education in government schools was so pathetic and poor children can't afford to go to private schools. So, we decided to do come up with free online interactive classes,'' Delwadia told TOI from the US.Delwadia was joined in this initiative by two Alabama-settled women - Kalyani Jani, a research associate and native of Gondal, and Tara Roy, a medical technologist who specially learned Gujarati to interact with the students. \"Children are learning a lot and are very dedicated,\" says Jani.Savan Nishu, who recently took class X exams, said, \"I don't fear maths anymore. I expect to get at least 80 marks, thanks to these online classes.\"\"The students are always eager to attend online classrooms as it provides a new and innovative approach to their study,'' said Ashvin Ratanpara of Ajab village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12321203", "title": "Bihar can ground national capital, says Nitish Kumar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Calling Biharis a \"necessity\" for the capital and not a \"burden\" on it, a proud chief minister of Bihar on Sunday said that if Biharis residing here did not work for a day, the city would come to a standstill.Nitish Kumar was addressing a crowd of over a few thousand people - largely Biharis settled in the city - at Bihar Shatabdi Utsav that celebrated 100 years of Bihar's statehood at Delhi's Coronation Park in Burari. The event was organized by the members of Bihar's legislative council.Kumar emphasized that Biharis would continue to migrate to Delhi as a capital belonged to everyone. \"Delhi belongs to everyone. We have our share in Delhi and we will continue to migrate and live here,\" said Kumar in his first public address in Delhi after becoming CM seven years ago.He further touched the hearts of Delhi-based Biharis by asking them to reassert themselves as a politically significant group and be proud of their identity. \"For certain reasons, there was a time when Biharis (living in Delhi and Mumbai) had become a joke. Many of them had started hiding their identity. But now the scenario has changed. Being a Bihari is a matter of pride. There is no match for our boys in intelligence,\" he said, mentioning the high performance ratio of Biharis in competitive exams.Joing him was Sanjay Jha , a BJP legislator in the council and also the main co-ordinator of the event, said the time had come when Biharis would write the fate of prominent cities like Delhi and Mumbai. \"There was a time when Biharis came to these cities to find jobs but now they will write their fates.\"Highlighting the growth of Bihar, the chief minister said there was a significant reduction in migration of Biharis to other states as now they could earn their livelihood in Bihar itself. The migration of labourers from Bihar to states like Punjab and Maharashtra has come down by almost 26%, he said, quoting a survey.However, Biharis will continue to migrate to earn more money and send some part of it back to their state. \"We are hardworking and intelligent people. Forget Delhi and Mumbai, if Biharis learn that there are better opportunities available on Moon, they will go there,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325712", "title": "An evening for dance and music enthusiasts", "text": "Adance event held over the weekend turned out to be a meeting ground for dance and music enthusiasts in the city.Couples and those with teenaged children were among the audience, who thoroughly enjoyed the two hour-long show. We also spotted a couple of foreigners who had come in Indian attire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326897", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan to get back his 6-pack abs?", "text": "Apparently Shah Rukh Khan would be getting back into his 6-pack abs avatar. And no, it is not for Farah Khan's 'Happy New Year' which he is supposedly doing.This time Shah Rukh Khan will beef up his body perhaps for more that the song-and-dance routine. In fact his brawny physique would be put to use for some real hardcore action. And why not when Rohit Shetty is at the helm of affairs!The buzz is that Shah Rukh Khan would be working overtime for that perfect physique before he starts shooting for Rohit Shetty's Chennai Express . Though not much is known about the story of the film, going by Shetty's style it should be an action-comedy. And for the kind of action that Shetty employs, SRK wants to ensure that he gives his best shot.Shah Rukh is presently finishing Yash Chopra's film with Katrina Kaif in London . Once he returns to India, he would start training for Chennai Express .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12323622", "title": "Now, get your passport in 3 days", "text": "JAIPUR: Getting your passport will be far simpler now with a ministry of external affairs (MEA) project kicking off in the three passport seva kendras in the state on Monday. The project amounting to almost Rs 1,100 crore that promises to get a passport made in three days, would be launched in Jaipur, Jodhpur and Sikar.As a result, Tuesday onwards applications will not be received at the existing passport office in Jaipur. The MEA, in collaboration with Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), would issue new passports within three working days and a 'tatkal' one the same day. While the new scheme would certainly be helpful with reduced work load at the passport office, this scheme would greatly benefit those who would not require police verification. This would include government servants, minors and passport renewal cases.\"In ordinary cases too, this would speed up the process as the entire process including police verification would be made online. General applicants would be able to apply at the speed post centres only till Monday. Thereafter, the post offices and district passport cells where these centres will open, will not accept applications. Now the passport application form also will be different in a new format,\" said S K Verma, passport officer, Jaipur. The new system includes enabling applicants to file online applications using the Intelligent Character Recognition (ICR)-enabled forms, which along with the relevant documents that can be scanned and submitted at the passport facilitation centres.The project is one of the largest e-governance projects under the National e-Governance Plan (NeGP) for streamlining the passport services.According to the contract, TCS is to set up additional 77 passport centres and also upgrade the existing 37 passport offices in the country. The project is to strictly comply with the ISO 27001 standards at all the three levels: user level, application and data centre level and network level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326995", "title": "My character in 'Blood Money' is relatable: Kunal Khemu", "text": "Kunal Khemu, who will be seen playing the lead role in Mahesh Bhatt's \" Blood Money\", says his character in the film is simple and anyone can relate to it.The 28-year-old actor said that his character has the same dreams like every other man. Directed by debut director Vishal Mahadkar, the film will hit screens on March 30.\"Anyone who wants to make his life better would be able to relate to the emotions of this guy. There are many dreams of the lead character that any normal middle class person would be able to relate to,\" Kunal told PTI.The thriller revolves around a young man who finishes his MBA and earns an overseas job for himself. As soon as the character steps into a foreign land, he is troubled by unforeseen challenges.\"We have tried to make sure that the protagonist remains a normal guy from start till the end of the story whereas in other films we see a character starts off as a simpleton and becomes a hero in the end,\" Kunal added.In the film, Kunal will be seen sharing the screen space with actress Amrita Puri of \" Aisha\" fame.\"I really enjoyed working with Amrita. She is quite talented and though she comes from a very different background instead of being from a so-called 'filmy' family, she is following her passion as an actress,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321873", "title": "It's fake money, honey", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Check your pockets - you might be an unwitting fake note carrier. This is a stark reality proven by the increasing number of fake notes being deposited in private and nationalized banks of the city.Over the past year, city banks have turned in more than Rs 50 lakh in fake currency to police. Private and nationalized banks had weeded out these fake notes from their coffers. In 2010, the figure stood at Rs 44 lakh.Police believe this signifies the proverbial tip of the iceberg. \"The actual amount of fake currency floating in Gujarat could be much more - at least 10 times the amount recovered from banks,\" said a police official who is probing the case.The matter is now being investigated by the city police as an RBI directive makes it mandatory for all banks to hand over fake currency notes to the Special Operations Group (SOG) and the crime branch every month.In the first three months of 2012, the SOG received Rs 8 lakh in fake currency from nationalized and private banks. Crime branch officials say that most of the notes are from private banks. Three different complaints have been lodged by SOG officials against unknown persons in this regard.\"Whenever a bank submits fake notes to us, we enquire about the depositor,\" said police inspector of SOG, S M Chaudhary. \"We also check with the depositor. However, we are yet to come across any depositor who has been directly involved in fake currency rackets.\" Chaudhary said most people had unknowingly taken the fake notes to their banks. \"The hunt is on for the real culprits,\" he said.Earlier, four Bangladeshis were arrested by the SOG in connection with fake currency rackets. \"Fake notes recovered from these accused was worth Rs 3 lakh,\" said an SOG official. \"These notes were sent to FSL for examination. The currency will be stored in the SOG office till court proceedings are over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325685", "title": "Premiere of 'Pather Sesh Kothay'", "text": "The cast and crew of Tanima Sen's directorial debut, \" Pather Sesh Kothay\", gathered at Nandan for the premiere of the film.The movie, starring Shaheb Chatterjee, Chandreyee Ghosh, Soumitra Chatterjee and Krishnakishore, is about the trauma of the parents of a boy who meets with an accident and becomes handicapped owing to improper diagnosis.\"It's such a sensitive subject and Tanimadi has dealt with it beautifully. It's a socially relevant film,\" said Sudeshna Roy, who attended the premiere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12323511", "title": "State CID seeks Interpol help on Lokayukta's morphed picture", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Criminal Investigation Department (CID) has sought the help of International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol) in connection with the alleged morphing of state Lokayukta Justice P P Naolekar's photograph showing him in RSS uniform.The state police had arrested Congress legislator Dr Kalpana Parulekar on the charges of morphing the photograph of Lokayukta. The firebrand legislator got bail three days ago from the MP high court.\"We have written to Interpol and sought details of the pictures of Justice Naolekar and RSS Chief Mohan Bhagwat downloaded from the internet in Madhya Pradesh,\" CID Additional Director General MR Krishna told TOI. \"We have also written a letter to Google website seeking such details,\" he added.\"We have sent the letter to Interpol via Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Delhi a week ago,\" the CID ADG said. The CBI would forward our request to Interpol headquartered at Lyon in France, Krishna said.After getting the information we are going to zero in on the exact person who had morphed Naolekar's photograph, he said.The issue of 'morphed' Lokayukta photo had cropped up during the winter session of the assembly last year when Parulekar accused the anti-corruption watchdog of having RSS links.She had flashed an alleged 'morphed' photograph showing justice P P Naolekar in RSS uniform, both inside and outside the assembly, alleging that the BJP government did not have to worry as long as Justice Naolekar was the Lokayukta.In the on-going budget session of MP Assembly, Congress members have raised the issue of Parulekar arrest and paralysed the house proceedings for some days.After spending 41 days in the central jail here, Parulekar on March 15 got bail on a personal bond of Rs 40,000 from MP High Court in Jabalpur district. Earlier, her bails had been rejected thrice the lower courts in the state capital- twice by additional district judge and once by chief judicial magistrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12322223", "title": "Over 30,000 visit 3-day \u2018Japan Next\u2019 exhibition", "text": "GURGAON: More than 30,000 visitors thronged the three-day exhibition \"Japan Next\" held by the Japanese government in connection with the 60th anniversary celebrations of Indo-Japan diplomatic ties and the recovery of Japan after the 2011 earthquake.The Japanese government exhibited the latest products that are well-regarded in the Indian market, which included automobiles, consumer electronics and ecological products, among others. The exhibition showcased the island nation's quick recovery from the devastating tsunami of 2011. Bollywood actress Gisselli Monteiro, along with Akitaka Saiki, Japanese ambassador to India; R V Kanoria, FICCI president; and Katsuya Okihiro, president of the Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry in India, were present at the opening ceremony.Kenichiro Takemura, a representative of Intellectual Property Strategy Headquarters of the Cabinet Secretariat of Japan, said, \"We got a good exposure to the Indian market and consumers through this exhibition. The devastating tsunami shook Japan in one of its worst moments of history. We designed this campaign to express our gratitude for the support received from India following the Japanese earthquake,\" he added.\"Japan Next' was an expression of our nation's determination to overcome the current challenges and rise above adversity. We thank India for making the event a larger success ,\" Takemura added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12321828", "title": "State govt nod for 2 parking FSI projects", "text": "Mumbai: The state government has cleared two public parking projects in Mulund and Worli under its parking floor space index (FSI) policy and will earn nearly Rs 150 crore as premium from builders developing them.The policy stipulates that a developer who builds a public parking lot on a part of his land and surrenders it free of cost to the BMC, will receive additional construction rights as compensation on the remaining portion.Allegations of graft were levelled at the policy, which was introduced in 2008, forcing chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to scrap it in 2011. New guidelines formulated by BMC chief Subodh Kumar levied a premium on builders opting for the scheme. Last month, the state government sanctioned Runwal Group's proposal to build a parking lot spread over one million sq ft in Mulund. The land is part of a 20-acre plot where the builder is setting up a residential complex. The amenity will have ground and two underground basements. As compensation Runwal will receive an FSI of 3 for constructing the facility free of cost for the civic body. The builder will also pay a premium of Rs 40 crore, which will be shared equally by the state government and the BMC.\"The parking lot will have a separate entry and exit from the residential complex,\" said group director Subodh Runwal.The state government and the BMC will earn Rs 108 crore as premium from developer K Raheja Corp, whose plan was cleared sometime ago. Raheja will build the public amenity on a portion of its two-acre property in Worli. Late last year, the BMC withdrew the initial permission to 10 of the 15 developers and asked them to submit their proposals under the amended policy framed by Kumar.The new policy devalued the price of their lands by 30% to 40% because these developers were entitled to hefty building concessions under the original policy. The original policy allowed developers to build public parking towers as high as 15 to 20 storeys. In return, the builder received a bonanza in the form of additional FSI.Using the extra FSI, some builders who benefited, announced plans to build luxury skyscrapers. Activists slammed the policy saying it would benefit builders under the guise of providing public parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "karnail singh nagar", "code": "12324130", "title": "Kashish believes in a healthy start", "text": "KARNAIL SINGH NAGAR: At an hour when most children of his age are sleeping, 11-year-old fitness enthusiast Kashish Panju starts exercising in a gym.Says Kashish Panju, a Class VI student of Sacred Heart Convent School, Chandigarh Road, Exercising is my passion rather. One needs to be fit, so I have joined a gym on Pakhowal Road. I believe a healthy start is important for a happy tomorrow. My uncle Anil Panju and I wake up at 5.30am every day and head for the gym together.And for a 11-year-old, Kashishs exercise regime is quite impressive. I start my workout with a 15-20 minutes walk on the treadmill, followed by 45 minutes of aerobic exercises. After this, I do cycling and cross trainer for about 10 minutes each with another 10 minutes on laps pulley and tricep pulley, each.His uncle explains how it all started, I have been exercising for around seven years now and one day, about a year ago, Kashish asked me to take him along. Since then he has been regularly accompanying me to the gym. Anil added that Kashishs dedication towards fitness is amazing. There are time when I feel lethargic to go to the gym, but he does not take no for an answer and wakes me up by sprinkling water on me, he said.Kashishs parents Rajesh and Anju are conscious that his diet needs to be given special attention as he exercises at the gym. A balanced diet is equally important for healthy living. And since Kashish gyms regularly, its very important for him to take a balanced and rich diet. Before going to the gym he takes around eight soaked almonds and after returning, he takes milk and a vegetable sandwich.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12322951", "title": "More scope for geo-textile use in mine dumps: Experts", "text": "PANAJI: A few mining majors used geo-textiles to arrest erosion on their dumps but scientists and others see more scope for soil bioengineering as more than 50 million tones of rejection is produced every year.The mining companies have tried coir-based geo-textiles as a cheaper and more easily available option than lateritic material to cover the clay dumps. \"The thin, bio-degradable and permeable material made up of coir, cotton, jute, interwoven with nylon filaments reduces the impact of rain on dumps,\" Mahesh Patil, vice-president, Sesa Goa Limited, said.Presenting a paper at the national seminar on composting of coir pith and use of geo-textiles, organized by Coir Board, Bangalore, and ICAR research complex, Old Goa, he said that around 5 lakh sq m of geo-textiles have been used on dump slopes in all mines.S Sridhar, executive director of Goa mineral ore exporters association (GMOEA), said the state's major mining companies have tried bioengineering at their mining sites.B L Manjunath, senior scientist (agronomy) from ICAR, speaking about scope for rehabilitation for mine reject soils, said Goa earns foreign exchange of nearly 1,000 crore per annum. But some 400 mining leases granted in Goa till 2002-03, covering about 30,325 hectares generate 55 million tonnes of waste every year. \"This huge quantity of mining waste creates a problem for its storage, causing severe environmental pollution,\" Manjunath said in his paper at the seminar.A few mining firms, especially Sesa Goa have tried an integrated bio-technological approach for restoration of land mines. In Sanquelim, the mining company took the site as a model concept and grew horticultural crops such as coconut, banana and a variety of medicinal plants. The mine pit is also a demonstration site for pisciculture.The geo-textiles decompose within three years but in the interim period, the dump is stabilized by growing grass and later full-fledged vegetation. \"The high tensile strength of coir fibre protects steep surfaces from heavy flows and debris movement,\" an official of the Bangalore-based coir board said. In Goa, run-offs from the mining dumps in the form of slimes and silts harden after drying, ruining agricultural land and filling river beds.The geo-textiles are easy to install and hug the contour of the soil surface due to their heavy weight and ability to absorb water.Goa miners have used geo-textiles in many areas, but representatives from the industry agree that there is scope to increase the coverage. The state's mining belt covers about 700 sq km, especially in Bicholim, Sanguem and Quepem. The GMOEA executive director also said the coir board should consider training residents in mining areas. \"The local self-help groups can prepare material from coir and give it to mining companies, creating employment opportunities,\" Sridhar said. The coir board can complete the technology transfer by setting up a factory.Sridhar said it is a good binding material to check soil erosion in dumps. \"We should use more precisely to restore the soil,\" he said.But Ramesh Gawas, a Bicholim-based social activist, pointed out that the use of geo-textiles is possible if the gradient of the dump is 28 degrees and its height less than 30 m. Lease operators argue that they are forced to pile it high due to a lack of space. \"With such high dumps and torrential rains, one is not sure when landslides may occur,\" Gawas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322723", "title": "Biometric system cuts overtime pay", "text": "NEW DELHI: The monthly amount paid on an average as overtime allowance to the employees of Finance Ministry has come down by around one fourth after installation of biometric attendance system, the Ministry said in response to an RTI query.According to the ministry, it used to pay an average overtime allowance of Rs 2,26,978 monthly. However, with biometric system, the amount reduced to Rs 62,600 approx.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12322127", "title": "Budget 2012 disappoints IT, manufacturing sectors", "text": "GURGAON: City's IT and manufacturing sectors - the largest contributors to the exchequer - are disappointed. with the budgetAnalysts say that the 2% hike in both excise duty and service tax might be implemented this year and this will negatively impact the industry, leading to higher input costs and a slump in demand.The SMEs have been particularly rattled by this budget. \"The government has always paid lip-service to the small-scale manufacturing sector. But all this talk has never affected policy-making,\" said H R Vaish, president, Chamber of Industries of Udyog Vihar.Higher interest rates translate to pricier bank loans. \"The interest rates have been soaring all through the financial year. And with this budget, the hopes were that loans will become easier for the smaller players, but the outcome has been the quite the opposite,\" said S S Khanna, an industrialist in Gurgaon.The realty, automobile and the IT-BPO sectors - all of which were pinning their hopes on the new budget for additional government support - have also been let down by the new tax hike.\"For the IT industry, I expected to see MAT (minimum alternative tax) exemption for SEZ units, which did not happen,\" said Rajdeep Endow, managing director, Sapient India.Budget News 2012Budget 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321375", "title": "Schools to undertake fluoride testing campaign", "text": "PUNE: Twenty-seven schools from seven districts in the state have undertaken fluoride testing campaign this month. An initiative taken up by the state environment department's environment service scheme (ESS), the campaign will see students study the various groundwater sources and test groundwater for presence of fluoride in their school and locality.The state campaign is part of a nationwide fluoride testing campaign in schools taken up by the 'Schools Water Portal', an open web-based platform for sharing learning resources on water, coordinated by Arghyam, a non-profit organisation based in Bangalore. Schools Water Portal is providing free fluoride testing kit, which has a capacity to test 30 samples. The testing is conducted by students of standard VIII and IX. The entire project is online.The Centre for Environment Education (CEE) is the state nodal agency working for three years in this scheme.The Central Ground Water Board, Groundwater Surveys and Development Agency (Maharashtra) reports and other independent research papers state that districts like Aurangabad, Jalna, Jalgaon, Amravati, Yavatmal, Nagpur and Chandrapur, which are also the seven districts selected for this fluoride testing campaign, are affected with groundwater fluoride.Dhaval Joshi, project coordinator, ESS, Centre for Environment Education, told TOI that the concern lies in the fact that in many of these schools, particularly in rural areas, groundwater is the sole source for drinking, in the form of wells, tube wells, bore wells and hand pumps. Herein lies the importance of creating awareness and conducting the tests.\"The students from these schools will be asked to bring water samples from their residence or nearby places from groundwater sources like well, bore well, hand pumps, and the sample from the school will also be taken. The test will be conducted in the school. Prior to the test, students will be made aware of fluoride content in groundwater,'' said Joshi.The government resolution about the ESS (dated January 14, 2011), states that one of the objective of the scheme was to study the existing status of various natural (water included) resources, devise and implement strategies through school and community participation to tackle issues pertaining to the same, he said.S B Khandale, joint director, Groundwater Surveys and Development Agency (GSDA), said that long term ingestion of excess fluoride in water can lead to dental or skeletal fluorosis. Groundwater in villages in Yavatmal and Chandrapur is polluted with fluoride.Trivia* Water having fluoride concentration of more than 1.5 mg/litre is not suitable for drinking* In 2011, the Central Ground Water Board study found that fluoride content was higher than 1.5 mg/litre in a few villages in districts like Amravati, Chandrapur, Dhule, Gadchiroli, Gondia, Jalna, Nagpur, Nanded. Long term ingestion of excess fluoride in water can lead to dental or skeletal fluorosis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322908", "title": "Ministry invokes religion to stop wastage of food", "text": "LUCKNOW: What could be the most effective way to dissuade people from loading their plates with food, more than they can eat, at weddings? One way, feels the ministry of consumer affairs, could be to tell them that it might invoke God's fury. Putting up a clear message at the wedding venue to \"eat and not waste food\" might also work.To make Indians learns a lesson in 'keeping it simple' at weddings, and not to waste food, government is contemplating to use religion as a plank along with advertising extensively that it's no less than a sin to waste food. \"Restrictions placed by religion have a deeper impact,\" goes the supporting thought behind the move.And, invoking religious beliefs, at least this time, hasn't drawn flak, not even from the committee of experts which has been entrusted by the government to recommend ways to check wastage of food at social gatherings. The committee, when met last, on February 14, said the awareness campaign has to be run more vigorously in cities, because wastage of food is largely an \"urban phenomenon\". One of the major reasons for food wastage is the insensitivity of the people who often tend to take more food at one go than they can possibly eat.And one of the possible ways to control them could be displaying \"clear messages like eat but please do not waste food\", feels ministry of consumer affairs, food and public distribution. The ministry had constituted a committee in May 2011 to approach the issue effectively. The committee's term ends on March 31. In two of its meetings held so far, the committee has come up with a set up recommendations to check the wastage of food and ostentatious behaviour during marriages, parties and meetings.The ministry has also got a study done on food wastage in social gatherings by Indian Institute of Public Administration (IIPA) which says there has been huge growth in the number of social functions both in terms of volumes and extravagance as people are getting increasing affluent. And, it's being widely imitated by the lower strata of society. At the same time, there is an increasing preference for organising functions at hotels , restaurants, clubs and displaying a wide choice of recipes, which leads to wastage of food. The fact that the new recipes displayed may not tickle the Indian taste buds also leads to wastage of food, says the ministry, in response to an RTI query by activist Subhash Chandra Agrawal.The committee in its first meeting on June 23, 2011, had decided to take action on awareness campaigns through audio-visual publicity, use of consumer clubs in schools and colleges, sensitizing students about the avoidable wastage, identifying the NGOs involved in collection of surplus food for distribution to poor and entrusting IIPA with the conduct of a survey on wastages so as to assess magnitude of the problem. The ministry has requested different states to include information on containing wastage of food and ostentatious behaviour witnessed during weddings, parties and meetings as a chapter in Social sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12322868", "title": "Kolkata hospital in a shambles, govt looks for private owner", "text": "Kolkata: A dilapidated building, empty beds and doctors' quarters covered with bushes - this is the sight that greets visitors at the North Suburban hospital in Cossipore. With minimum medical facilities and irregular doctors, the hospital, located on a sprawling campus, is in a shambles. But if the state government has its way, the hospital may soon start functioning in a better way.The cash-strapped government is planning to hand over administration of the North Suburban hospital to acharitable organization for better management and improvement of medical facilities.Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who is also in charge of the health department, had been harping on public-private-partnership for development of the state's health sector. The health department is, hence, looking for a private partnership with a philanthropic organization to run the daily operations of the hospital.Located on Cossipore Road, near Shyambazar, the hospital has barely 50 beds in use, though earlier there were over 125 beds, a staffer said. Hospital staff complained that they lack proper facilities to conduct operations. \"Emergency cases are a strict no-no. We refer all emergency cases to RG Kar hospital,\" said a nurse. Dr Subha Chakraborty, who works as a medical officer, said that they can give only saline and oxygen to patients.\"The hospital does not even have facilities for X-ray, ECG and pathological tests. So, often the patients are referred to our charitable clinic,\" said social worker Swapan Chakraborty who runs Bangali Sangha, an NGO. He said that since most patients sent by the hospital are poor, the tests at the clinic are conducted for free. \"If the hospital is handed over to a private party, will poor patients get free treatment?\" questioned Chakraborty.Staffers said that the hospital's superintendent has to look after another hospital. Hence, he is away most of the time. Though the hospital has over 20 doctors, even they are irregular, complained the hospital staff.Besides lack of medical facilities, the building that used to house the doctors' quarters, has been lying in a dilapidated condition for years. The building is now almost covered with bushes, trees and undergrowth.Locals alleged that the building was being left in such a condition intentionally, so that it can be handed over to a private party. \"The main aim of handing over the hospital's administration to a philanthropic organization is to bring in operational efficiency for the poor. We hope to provide better services soon,\" said Dr Asit Biswas, spokesman of the health department. Once the hospital is transferred to a private organization, the staffers will be shifted to other government hospitals. The government will, however, provide funs for its maintenance and daily operations.\"But they need to ensure that they run the hospital properly as per the government rates without charging any extra. Moreover they need to run 24x7 emergency,\" said Mala Saha, local Trinamool MLA and chairperson of the Rogi Kalyan Samity. She promised that patients will get the best treatment at a low cost. \"We will not allow the party to run the hospital like a private one as most people here are poor,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12323767", "title": "6 tips for building a good fund portfolio", "text": "So you have a financial goal and your adviser has told you how much you should save regularly. You have also agreed that you will invest in mutual funds in a systematic manner. Now comes the tough decision of selecting the funds. Should you trust the list given by the adviser? What should you look for? Let me provide six pointers. I will restrict myself to equity funds here and deal with debt funds at a later date.First, your requirement is to invest in the equity market. The mutual fund is only a tool to get there. It is fashionable to assume that you can pick a few winning stocks and do better than a fund manager. However, consider the time, effort, cost and, most importantly, your portfolio's performance record before you do it. If you are honest with your analysis, you are likely to find the mutual fund choice compelling.Second, the simplest and cheapest mutual fund product is an index fund or an ETF. It gives you the exposure to equity without any risk of selection. Funds routinely publish performance data, stating that they have beaten the benchmark by a good margin. This may be factually correct, but you will get returns only if you select the winning fund at the right time. Advisers earn the least commission on index funds, so don't wait for them to propose this product.Third, a new fund offer at 10 is not cheaper than an existing fund at, say, 100. An NFO is not cheaper than an existing fund; it just has a lower nominal value. It cannot generate a higher return than an existing fund just because it is priced at 10. But an existing fund has performance history, a track record. Unless it is an absolutely new idea, an NFO is an inferior choice to an existing fund.Fourth, you should refuse to make a choice without any clarity on how a fund will deliver returns. If a fund manager tells you that the fund 'uses a process-driven , bottom-up approach to select stocks across sectors, with a disciplined selling plan' he is describing his job. If the fund says it will hold largecap stocks, you know it will modify sector weightage and stock weightage compared to the Nifty index, to deliver a better return. If this fund delivers better returns by picking up a few mid-cap stocks, it will amount to dishonesty.Fifth, be clear about what you expect the fund to do and what you will do yourself. If you like to assemble your set of index, large-cap , mid-cap and sectoral funds, choose those that stick to such a definition . If you see the portfolio and performance at the fund website over 3-6 months, you will know. If you like the fund manager to do the juggling and like a loosely defined product, go for it, fully aware that you will not know what to expect. Investors like to give fund managers a long rope to do what they like as long as they deliver a return. This preference leads to more poorly defined products with fancy names.Sixth, do not rely on past winners. What is important is to hold a well-diversified portfolio. A portfolio suffers damage when you persistently hold laggards; it is all right to miss buying a few winners at the right time as long as you throw out the rotten apples.So, build a portfolio using a core and satellite approach. At the core of your equity portfolio should be index and large-cap funds, comprising at least 50% of your portfolio. The next layer should have funds whose specific focus can be rewarding-mid-cap funds, infra funds, small-cap funds, value funds, contra funds. About 35% of your portfolio could be invested here. The next layer should have funds that need an aggressive review. Sectoral funds, concentrated portfolios, specific strategies figure here. These will do well seasonally and need a close monitoring. This should comprise 15% of your portfolio and not over three to four funds.If your portfolio holds too many names, acquired at different times for different reasons, you are doing yourself more harm than good.-The author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning, and can be reached at uma.shashikant@ ciel.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12322318", "title": "Don\u2019t attack scribes, Geelani tells militants", "text": "SRINAGAR: Within days of militant groups issuing life threats to journalists in the Valley, Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani on Sunday sprung to their defence, advising violence mongers not to target media people. Geelani said journalists work under difficult circumstances in the Valley and must not be coerced by any side. He called for greater tolerance of criticism.\"Newspapers criticize us and we not only welcome it but also accept their right to criticize. Instead of getting angry, we should try to put forth our views and leave it to the people decide,\" Geelani said in a press statement. He said he was for complete freedom of the press and against any pressure on journalists.Intelligence reports in recent days have revealed that several fresh recruits to militancy are on the prowl, planning attacks on prominent citizens including clergymen of the Barelvi sect. Director general of police Kuldeep Khoda said while a small number of J&K; youth were indeed joining militants, a larger number of them are, in fact, helping in counter-militancy operations.Militants have killed a number of panchayat leaders in the last few months in south and north Kashmir, while also making one abortive attempt to assassinate J&K; minister A M Sagar in December 2011. The minister's personal security officer was killed in the attack. Also targeted on Friday last was director, information, Farooq Renzu, at the shrine of Dastigir sahib at Sariabala in Amira kadal; he escaped with a flesh wound in his leg.On Sunday, militants attacked a prominent 'pir' of Batamaloo, Jalaluddin Bangroo, at a shrine called Sheikh Dawoodsahib. Pir Bangroo held annual Sufi rallies to show the Kashmiri face of Islam through a grand feast amid Sufiyana music. He is battling for his life at Sher-e-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences.MLAs and top government officials have been advised not to make frequent visits to the markets and bazaars in view of the latest inputs about militant presence in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12322937", "title": "Memu service fails to bring relief", "text": "KOCHI: Chief minister Oommen Chandy inaugurated the much-awaited main line electrical multiple unit (Memu) service at the Ernakulam South station on Sunday. But, commuters were unhappy with the service timings.As per the current schedule, one service (via Alappuzha) will begin from Kollam at 9am, reach Ernakulam by 1.15pm and will leave for Kollam at 2 pm. The other (via Kottayam) will begin at 10.05am from Kollam, reach city by 2.25pm and leave by 2.45 pm.Passengers say the timings do not help because they have to reach their destinations by around 10am and since the trains return early, the evening passengers have no respite.When Memu service was announced in the last railway budget, people welcomed it as a huge relief. Kerala Railway Users Association president K J Paul Manvattom said the current Memu schedule is a disappointment for daily commuters who depend on trains to reach their office.\"We were expecting a service that would benefit daily commuters because those who travel short distances do not have enough trains and the ones running now are overcrowded. I don't see passengers reaching office by 10 or heading home after work in the evening using Memu service,\" he said.However, railways said single track routes are already congested and they are helpless.Many commuters said Memu service should have started on the Palakkad - Ernakulam stretch, where the doubling work is complete.\"Already a Memu service connects Coimbatore and Shoranur. It would have been easy to extend the same to Ernakulam,\" said general secretary of Thrissur Railway Passengers Association P Krishnakumar.P Rajeev MP said the current timings for the service are odd. \"I received a few calls from various passenger associations regarding Memu timings. I brought this to the notice of the divisional railway manager (DRM) and he has given a favourable reply,\" Rajeev said.He said the manager informed him that the department is planning to introduce at least two services a day.Meanwhile, railway officials said the current timings are as per the revised time table released after the last year's railway budget.\"Memu will run on the given schedule. The board might consider revising the number of services and schedule in the near future,\" said a railway spokesperson. \"Memu service on the Ernakulam - Thrissur stretch, announced in this railway budget, will start service immediately when we get a new rake,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12327734", "title": "How to balance your diet", "text": "It's important today to look at the nutrition value in each food item we consumeHow carb rich is your diet? How many calories have you consumed today and how much fat has been accumulated in your body so far? For everyone who wants to lead a good life, sticking to a balanced diet will come as the topmost priority apart from regular exercise and healthy way of living.Experts say a diet rich in carbohydrates defeats the idea of good health. So what must be kept in mind is to eat lots of greens. Spinach, methi and other such leafy vegetables when combined with legumes and pulses make for a nutritious combo.By looking for alternatives like millet, oats and other grains which are fibre rich, one can explore a world of healthy recipes. Working out various permutations like replacing rice with either millet or oats in the traditional recipe can also be one of the ways to eating healthy. Vegetables rich in starch like sweet potato, potato and other roots and shoots can be avoided.What is important in healthy living is to do anything in moderation. That will let one reap in good harvest - healthwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321738", "title": "Lawyer's son named in Chandkheda minor rape case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 17-year-old girl has accused her neighbour, the son of a lawyer, for raping her repeatedly at various locations, Chandkheda police said on Saturday.According to investigators, Sudha (name changed), has named Keyur Ninama, 19, a resident of Chandkheda and her neighbour, for raping her between February 29 and March 2 at various hotels near Law Garden and Kalupur.\"As per her complaint, Keyur promised marriage to her and expressed his love. He then took her to various locations and had sexual relations with her. He then refused to acknowledge his promise and left her in a lurch. She then told her parents about the relationship after which they registered a complaint in the case. We have arrested Keyur,\" said a Chandkheda police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "12322586", "title": "Gorkha Janmukti Morcha tightens Gorkhaland Territorial Administration noose", "text": "Darjeeling: With barely a week to go for the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha's (GJM) March 27 deadline to hit the streets to protest the state government's inordinate delay in Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) formulation, party top brass on Sunday announced a slew of agitation programmes to keep the Mamata Banerjee government on the tenterhooks.\"It seems the state government is trying to fool us. We will not accept anything without the inclusion of areas from the Terai and Dooars. Our March 27 deadline stands and we will take the agitation path,\" party president Bimal Gurung said while addressing a gathering at Mungpoo on Sunday.GJM has decided to start their show of dissent by making its three MLAs boycott the assembly session. It will be followed by a padayatra from Darjeeling on April 7 that is expected to reach Nagrakata in the Dooars on April 18. On the same day, a public meeting will be organized there to announce GJM's next steps.\"We accepted the GTA with the intention to develop the Hills and the Dooars. When we signed the pact, we were of the view that the plains will be included. We had no apprehensions that the state government would try to betray us,\" Gurung said. He also fumed over the fact that the ruling party never kept GJM in the loop while formulating the GTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325473", "title": "Simbu to tie the knot!", "text": "Looks like the romantic hero on-screen has finally succumbed to commitment in real life! Simbu created a stir on Sunday when he let the world know he was getting hitched.So, who's the girl? \"I'm yet to find her but I have agreed to get married in 2013. My mom has asked me to let her know if I like someone, else she will choose a bride for me,\" he says.But, right now, he himself is not sure if he will find that someone special soon. \"I do know one thing - she has to very, very pretty because I want cute kids,\" he laughs. Ask him if he has his sights on any actress and he says, \"As of now, no.\"As for when he was in love last he says, \"It's been six years since I was in a relationship. I was in love in 2009 but it was one-sided. I've had enough fun and travelled all over the world and done everything I wanted to. I have no regrets today but marriage does scare me. I love kids and I want to settle down and have kids now.\"Guess the time spent in the US with his baby nephew has turned this hero into a doting wannabe dad!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12321178", "title": "Pride &amp; poll: JD(U) to contest all seats", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you are wondering why Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar came all the way to Delhi to celebrate completion of Bihar's 100 years, you may find an answer here. Banking on the heavy Bihari population - over 40 lakhs - in the capital, the Janata Dal (United) is all set to contest Delhi's municipal elections alone on all 272 seats. The MCD polls are slated for April 15.\"Yes, we have decided to go alone this time on all 272 seats and will come up with a list of candidates soon,\" Thakur Balbir Singh, Delhi state president of JD(U) told TOI. Singh also mentioned that they had decided to call off their alliance with the BJP here as they were unhappy with the performance of the BJP's sitting councillors. \"We may have an ally with the Trinamool Congress or the Peace Party but not with the BJP for sure,\" he added.In 2007, JD(U) had contested elections as a BJP ally and fielded candidates only on 27 of the 272 municipal seats. However, many of its winning candidates later left the party. These included Shoaib Iqbal and former mayor Razia Sultana, who had joined the Lok Janshakti Party and the Congress, respectively.\"Earlier we treated them (BJP) as our big brother in Delhi as we are to them in Bihar. But the local BJP councillors have left us disappointed. They are no better than those of the Congress. Hence, we want to oppose both in the coming elections,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325771", "title": "Aa sexy as Shweta", "text": "One of the toughest things that actors are required to deal with is to stay in shape. Actress Shweta Menon , who has been shooting back-to-back, tells us she really needs a break - primarily to get back into shape.The Naan Avanillai 2 actress has three films Malayalam films on hand and has decided not to sign up for any more for a while. \"Before I sign up for anything new, I want to get back to shape. I want to be that sexy me once again,\" she says. She is planning a six-month vacation. \"I just want to lose weight and get back to being my usual self. There's too much flesh,\" she says.The change in her look over the years, Shwetha observes, has been attracting different kinds of roles too. \"I notice that almost all the characters that I have played, since two years now, are those strong, woman-oriented ones. I think it is a typecast,\" she says.The actress also hints at a possible action-oriented film that she will be a part of soon. \"I want to do a good, commercial-action film. Something along the lines of Bollywood's Dhoom. So after a quick vacation in Europe, it's all about exercising till I get back,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "12323308", "title": "Police go slow in investigating cases against jats", "text": "HISAR: It seems the police is going slow in their investigation of the new and old cases registered against the protesting jats. The recent violence took place in Hisar wherein the agitators had damaged a bank ATM and a police post.The Government Railway Police (GRP) had booked 69 jats in a case registered under Section 124A. These included members of the Jat Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti.Though the police department claims that it is doing its best and things are under control, the cops chose to circumvent the issue when asked if more arrests would be made.When contacted, superintendent of police Anil Dhawan said, \"The Sadar Hisar and Sadar Hansi police had registered six cases against around 190 agitators for violence causing loss to government property. We have with us the news clippings and photographs, and video footage. Those guilty shall be identified and punished.\"DSP (headquarters) Dinesh Yadav, who is looking into the previous 39 cases registered in various police stations after the September 13, 2010 clash, said, \"Notices have been served on 150 persons and challans have been filed in the Punjab and Haryana high court.\"State president of All India Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti Dharampal Chhot said, \"The police registered the sedition case without any evidence against 69 persons. A detailed review is required.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12323612", "title": "How to escape the debt trap", "text": "If you are saddled with too many loans, go through this road map for a debt-free futureA year ago, Pune-based businessman Shubho Mukherjee and his wife Debapriya were a bundle of nerves. Apart from their home loan, the couple was repaying a car loan and two personal loans. The situation turned from bad to worse when Shubho started using the plastic in his wallet not only for purchases but also to withdraw cash. \"With four EMIs, our monthly expenses were higher than my income, so I resorted to credit card borrowing,\" he says. With more debt and fatter credit card bills, the Mukherjees began digging a deeper pit for themselves every month.However, the pit has filled out shockingly well within a year. The Mukherjees' credit card dues have been paid, the personal as well as the car loan are also over. All that remains is a manageable home loan of about 15.8 lakh. This incredible conversion was brought about with professional help; a strategy had to be devised to pay off their debt.A squeaky clean borrowing record has become important today. Credit information organisations such as the Credit Information Bureau (Cibil) and Experian track the credit history of an individual and pass it on to banks and credit bureaus assign 35% weightage to your repayment record while drawing up your credit score. If you have a poor record, you may not be able to take a loan. You may even find your credit card limit pruned, if not completely blocked.How bad is the problem?Your first step should be to know how you are placed. A lot of people don't even know they are headed for a debt trap. By the time they realise this, they are already trapped. Mumbai-based financial planner Gaurav Mashruwala suggests you check your income-expense ratio. If over 45% of your income is going into paying EMIs, it's a cause for concern (see graphic).However, not all debt is bad. Loans taken to build assets or enhance skills are good loans and will only add to the net worth of the individual. The red light should flash if over 25% of your income is going towards the payment of EMIs of non-mortgage loans and discretionary spending.Does this mean you can binge on good debt? Not really. Too much good debt is also not advisable. Almost 68% of Mumbai-based IT professional Kiran Shetty's income used to be gobbled up by his EMIs. A large chunk of this was the home loan EMI, a good debt, because it built an asset for Shetty. However, the bank turned down his car loan application because he was already paying EMIs worth two-thirds of his net income.Getting out of the trapKnowing the problem is only the first milestone in this journey. The Mukherjees came out of the debt trap after they approached a debt counselling centre. A counsellor listened to their problem and then suggested a strategy.Don't think that the debt counsellor will wave a magic wand and your debts will vanish into thin air. Careful planning and a disciplined attitude will help you find your way out. It won't be an easy journey and you might have to make certain lifestyle changes and sacrifices. But, eventually, you will realise that being debt-free can make a material difference to your life. Here's your roadmap to debt nirvana:Prioritise debt repaymentsMake a list of all your outstanding loans and then decide which of these you need to get rid of first. \"Move from the costliest loans to the cheapest,\" says financial planner Kartik Jhaveri. Credit card rollovers are the most expensive loans, with interest rates as high as 40% a year. You should get these off your back first. If you find it difficult to pay a huge balance at one go, ask the credit card company to convert it into a personal loan. Most companies are willing to let customers pay large amounts in 6-12 EMIs. If the sum is too big, they may even extend the payment to 24 months. Such personal loans are costly, with interest rates of 15-18 % a year, but this amount will be lesser than that paid while rolling over the balance. The Mukherjees used this facility to repay their huge credit card bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12321298", "title": "'90% of those affected are unaware of glaucoma'", "text": "NAGPUR: Several people, who go blind every year, understand that they had been suffering from a disease that caused a decline in their vision progressively. Sadly, it is only after the irreversible damage has already been done, that the presence of glaucoma is noticed.Ophthalmologists of the region discussed the increasing incidences and the ways to manage this silent disease this weekend as the new team of Vidarbha Ophthalmic Society took charge.The occasion also marked the end of the World Glaucoma Awareness Week. They spelt out that the only way of winning over this symptomless disease is early detection, that is also the leading cause of blindness in the country.\"We have 11 lakh blind people in the country who have glaucoma to blame for their condition. Over a crore are still affected by the disease, 90 per cent of whom do not even know they have it. With so many potential cases of blindness, it is essential that awareness be raised about the disease,\" said glaucoma specialist Dr G Chandrasekhar from LV Prasad Eye Institute (LVPEI) of Hyderabad.Agreed his colleague and glaucoma specialist Dr Sirisha Senthil. She added that it is the second largest cause of blindness across the world.\"Since it is a chronic condition that happens at a dramatically slow pace, the effect of the medication also is as slow. This sometimes results in a loss of confidence among the patients, who think the medicines are having no effect,\" she said. However, she informed that in the past two years, the awareness about the disease has reached the level where people come asking for a checkup on their own.The new president of VOS Dr Umesh Rewanwar of Yavatmal said that blindness can also be caused by conditions like cataract and retinopathy. \"These two, however, can be reversed or controlled. What makes glaucoma more dangerous is the fact that its effects cannot be corrected as it is basically a damaged nerve,\" he explained. The disease blocks the process of transmission of the images falling on the lens of the eyes to the brain, he added.Dr Vidya Dashputra from the city, the new secretary of VOS, said that the prevalence of glaucoma is higher in Asian population. \"While the incidences of the disease have always been high, the newer investigative treatments have made early detection possible. That is why awareness and screening are the only weapons we have against the disease,\" she said.What is glaucoma?It is a group of eye conditions that causes progressive and irreversible loss of vision. The continuous formation of a liquid called aqueous humour that takes place behind the eye ball gets blocked causing damage to the optic nerve. Less production of this fluid causes the pressure in the eyes to rise up considerably.Risk factorsAgeingFamily history of glaucomaDiabetesCongenital defects like bulging eyes, increased sensitivity to lightUsing steroid-based eye drops without medical supervisionWho should get screenedAnnual screening for eye pressure after the age of 40Those having complaints like pain, watering or sensitivity in eyesThose in the high-risk group must be vigilant about eye care", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321296", "title": "Now, H1N1 testing only for high-risk, category A patients", "text": "PUNE: From Monday, only high risk patients with flu-like symptoms and those suffering from severe symptoms like breathlessness and high-grade fever (defined as category A) will be tested for swine flu infection in the city.This was decided at high-level technical committee's meeting convened against the backdrop of sudden spurt in H1N1 cases in Pune and neighbouring Pimpri Chinchwad on Sunday. The meeting was held to assess the need to revise the prevailing guidelines for detection and treatment of H1N1 influenza cases.\"Only patients down with influenza-like symptoms but having associated illnesses like diabetes , hypertension and other chronic illnesses as well as those falling in category A, irrespective of whether they have other co-morbid conditions or not, will be testedfor swine flu infection,\" Pravin Shingare, director, department of Medical Education and Research (DMER) said.The meeting was held under the chairmanship of director of DMER. It was attended by senior scientist Mandeep Chadha from National Institute of Virology, Abhay Chaudhari, director Haffekine Institute, Mumbai, V D Khanande joint director state health department, department heads of gynaecology, medicine and paediatric department at B J Medical College and Sassoon Hospital. Medical officer of health (MoH) from PMC and PCMC also attended the meeting. Treatment to patients will be meted out as per their category of illness - mild, moderate and severe. These treatment guidelines remain the same.Category C patients are those with mild symptoms like below 38 degree fever, cough and throat infection, these patients should be treated symptomatically with the help of regular medicines. Patients with above 38 degree fever, cough, runny nose, headache and phyringitis (throat infection) fall in category B, Shingare said. These patients should be administered Tamiflu. However, patients in category B will be divided in two groups - those with associated illnesses (co-morbid conditions) and without associated illnesses. Category B patient with associated illnesses will be tested for swine flu infection, he added.Category A patients are those who along with all complaints defined in category B also have breathlessness. \"Such patients should be immediately admitted and their throat swabs should be taken for testing,\" Shingare said.\"All issues regarding the spread of the virus, its present transmissibility in age-specific groups as well as current treatment protocol in respect of the H1N1 influenza were discussed during the meeting, so that pertinent changes can be brought about in current guidelines to effectively check the virus' spread,\" said state epidemiologist Pradip Awate.Since the beginning of this month, the swine flu virus has infected a total of 34 people and claimed four lives.Dos and Don'ts* Visit screening centres if you have symptoms* Avoid public places if you have symptoms* Keep the house and surroundings clean* Wash hands frequently* Drink sufficient water and have healthy food", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325632", "title": "Salman Khan strikes again", "text": "The moody actor, known for doing as he pleases, has sacked Senthil, the DOP of Dabangg 2 within three days of the Arbaaz Khan film going on floorsIn the Hindi cinema industry, working on any Salman Khan starrer is not to be taken lightly. You are lucky if the actor likes you. Sajid-Wajid, Himesh Reshammiya and many others will tell you so. And if he doesn't, then you may have to pay for it. Salman, who had earlier taken production calls for his films, has done it once again. Within three days of the film gong on floors, Arbaaz Khan's maiden directorial has a replacement.Cinematographer Senthil Kumar (of Magadheera fame) has been asked to pack up. And Aseem Kumar, who had been working with Salman on Ek Tha Tiger had been asked to step in.When contacted, Aseem confirmed that he has taken over Dabangg 2. The cinematographer said, \"I don't know why Senthil is not doing the film anymore. I got a call from Arbaaz Khan. He asked me I was available to shoot for the film. I was glad to join the team. I start my work on Dabangg 2 from Tuesday. I have a great rapport with Salman Sir.\"Earlier, Senthil, who is regarded as one of the top-notch cinematographers in the Telugu film industry, was supposed to make his Bollywood debut with Dabangg 2. In fact, having seen his work down south, Arbaaz had specially asked him to work for his big-budget production. Excited about this, Senthil had in fact flown in much before the film went on floors and had been involved in the pre-production as well.A unit member of Dabangg 2 told Mirror, \"Senthil worked on Dabangg 2 for three days. There used to be long discussions about him and his style of working.\"The discussions soon turned into arguments. And before things got out of hand, Salman decided it was best if Senthil was replaced.\"Salman realised that he wouldn't be able to get along with Senthil. The main problem was the cinematographer's pace. Salman and Aseem get along really well during Ek Tha Tiger,\" added the source.Before Senthil, Mahesh Limaye was asked to be the cinematographer for the film. However, Limaye, who is working with Bhandarkar on Heroine, couldn't adjust his dates for the project.This is however, not the first time that Salman has taken production calls in his films. Earlier, he had brought in Himesh Reshammiya to compose the music for Bodyguard (which turned out to be a hit) when Pritam Chakraborty had already started work on them. Also, he had asked Sajid-Wajid to rework a song composed by Sohail Sen in Ek Tha Tiger since the actor did not quite like the beats of the same.This time too, a friend of the actor called up to say that the decision to replace Senthil was taken in the best interests of the project. \"There is no animosity between Salman and Senthil. At times, certain tough decisions have to be taken,\" added the friend. Senthil remained unavailable.Meanwhile...Salman loses Round OneVeer filmmaker Vija Galani, who had filed a case against FWICE (Federation of Western India Cine Employees) - the film body that was fighting on behalf of Salman Khan for recovering the actor's outstanding payment of Rs 15 crore for the film has won the first round of the battle.The Court has given a 'Stay Order' on the 'Non-cooperation Directive' issued against Galani. This bestows Galani with the right to go ahead with any new venture that he would like to produce.Happy with the order, Galani told Mumbai Mirror, \"I am free. I was right. Else would I have gone to Court myself?\"On the other hand, reacting to Galani's victory, FWICE General Secretary said, \"We met up with Salman. We are not giving up. We are taking the matter to High Court.\" - VL and Bharti Dubey", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12323239", "title": "Police claim positive evidence in DSP murder case", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police here claimed to have some found some positive evidence in the murder case of DSP Balraj Singh Gill and Monica Kapila after interrogating two persons accused in a case involving the murder of ASI Harbhajan Singh in Barnala -- Falel Singh and Jagga Singh.However, the third accused in the Harbhajan Singh murder case, Makhan Singh, who has been living in Ludhiana for the last one year, is still absconding, police officials said. Makhan had told his associates that he has committed some major crime in Ludhiana, for which police are searching for him. Police have sent various teams to different states for finding Makhan Singh, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12323329", "title": "1500 chickens dead, bird flu scare in Siwan", "text": "PATNA: Over 1,500 chickens have died due to a mysterious disease at Thepaha and Jimsikri villages in Siwan district in the past 15 days triggering fear of a possible outbreak of bird flu among the poultry owners.District animal husbandry officer (DAHO) in-charge Dr Ravindra Kumar said that deaths were reported from two poultry farms at Jamsikri village under Zeeradei block and Thepaha under Siwan Sadar block. Kumar said that a four-member medical team was constituted and it carried out post-mortem examination of the dead chickens. He said that the medical team found no symptoms of bird flu. The chickens had died due to bacterial infection and apparently due to unhygienic conditions in which they were kept and fed by their owners, DAHO said.Kumar said he had sent separate reports to Siwan DM and director, AHD, Patna, in this connection. The serum of the dead chickens would be first sent to Patna and then to Kolkata for further investigation, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323273", "title": "15% increase in admissions in english medium schools", "text": "CHENNAI: The number of children opting for English medium schools in the state is growing while the number of students enrolling in Tamil medium schools is dropping. This is despite the call to provide schooling in the mother tongue under the Samacheer Kalvi system.Data available with the National University of Education, Planning and Administration shows the rate of admission in English medium schools in Tamil Nadu has grown from 21.14% in 2006-07 to 35.82% in 2010-11, which is roughly a 70% jump. Similarly, enrolment in Tamil medium schools has dropped from 77% to 63% over the same period, a drop of 20%. \"Now everybody realises that English education improves employability, so even people in the lower income group want to put their children in English medium schools,\" said V P Matheswaran, head-in-charge, department of education at the University of Madras.Educationist S S Rajagopalan said that students studying English in Tamil medium schools are not able to speak the language because they often do have anyone to speak with in the language at home. Children in Tamil medium schools are exposed to a maximum of 40 minutes to an hour of English for 180 days in a year, which makes it difficult for them to pick up the language, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12322584", "title": "Norway custody row to end this week", "text": "KOLKATA: The children of a Bengali NRI couple - who are in the custody of a Norwegian child care agency - may be handed over to their uncle after a Norway court takes the final decision this week.It has already been finalized that the couple, Anurup Bhattacharya, a geophysicist, and his wife Sagarika, will hand over the legal right of their children Abhigyan, 3, and Aishwarya, 1, to their uncle Dr Arunabha Bhattacharya through an agreement. He has been staying in Norway for over a month to get training on how to handle the children.He is regularly visiting Abhigyan at his kindergarten and also meeting Aishwarya. The Norwegian child care agency took away the children in May 2011 citing improper care by the parents at home and they are now with a foster care family. The agency also found that Abhigyan had attachment disorder and they wanted proper care for the boy while he is in Kolkata. For that, the Indian foreign office had submitted to the Norway government a list of schools with special educators in Kolkata, which Abhigyan can attend.They also gave a list of some psychologists who can be consulted when Abhigyan is in the city. The child care agency had written to the Indian embassy in Oslo that the boy needed special treatment and guidance in Kolkata.The agreement, to be signed in the court in the presence of Indian diplomats and lawyers, will give the uncle the right and responsibility to take care of the children. The parents will have the right to visit the children. The agreement has been sent to New Delhi for the foreign ministry's clearance. The agency wanted the uncle to have legal right on the children when they are in India. They wanted the pact to be followed in the right spirit so that neither the parents nor other family members question the decisions taken by the uncle.The child care agency was against the mother getting any responsibility of the children as it informed the court that she had \"mental difficulties\". The case was taken up by foreign minister S M Krishna after Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee asked for his intervention. The grandparents of the children had earlier approached the Bengal CM. Even a special envoy was sent to Oslo at the behest of Krishna to discuss the matter with the Norwegian government.The agreement, to be signed in the court in the presence of Indian diplomats, will give the uncle the right to take care of the kids. The parents will only have the right to visit them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12321862", "title": "4 win nursing course fee refund from south Mumbai college", "text": "Mumbai: In four separate orders, the consumer forum recently ordered Bombay Hospital College of Nursing to refund the fees paid by four women who had to withdraw from the nursing course due to financial constraints.The institution will have to pay Julia Pereira , Stuti Kedrai, Namrata Singh and Nancy D'souza the fee amount of Rs 53,700 each along with 9 % interest from September 2008.Additionally, the complainants will also get Rs 12,000 each as compensation for mental agony, stress and cost of proceedings. The forum held that the college refused to refund fees deposited by the complainants \"on unjustified grounds\" and it amounted to deficiency in service.According to the complaints filed by the women on September 20, 2010, each one of them hailed from middle-class families and decided to pursue a four-year nursing course offered by Bombay Hospital College of Nursing to support their families.The complainants said the first-year fees, to be paid in a single installment, were Rs 54,700. Due to their financial condition, the women's parents took a loan and on August 11, 2008, the money was deposited. However, their deteriorating financial condition forced them to withdraw.At the time of filing cancellation requests, they were assured that the refund amount would be remitted through a bank draft within a week. The women alleged that even after several months they did not receive the refund. The women then filed complaints with the forum. According to norms, a maximum amount of Rs.1,000 was to be deducted from the amount due and the balance amount was to be refunded immediately, if the withdrawal application is submitted within 20 days from the date of cut-off. They also referred to the information brochure published by the Association of Managements of Unaided Private Medical and Dental Colleges, Maharashtra (AMUPMDC) and pointed out that in case of nursing colleges the cut-off date was prescribed as October 31, 2008.The institution filed its reply and said the Maharashtra University of Health Science (MUHS), through a notice dated September 16, 2008, fixed the cut-off date for the BSc nursing course as September 30, 2008. It further stated that at the time of submitting the cancellation form, the women were informed that they would not be entitled to any fee refund.The forum, however, took into consideration a letter sent by the principal to the AMUPMDC, which mentioned about six admission cancellations and the discrepancy of cut-off dates given in the procedure and the one amended by MUHS.The forum said that the principal's alleged statement to the complainants that they would not be entitled to fee refund, appears to be doubtful and unreliable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12322837", "title": "First session of new assembly to begin today", "text": "PANAJI: The first session of the sixth legislative assembly of Goa - with a BJP government in power - will begin on Monday at 11.30am.The newly-elected 40 MLAs will be administered the oath of office by Speaker pro tem and BJP Shiroda MLA Mahadev Naik.Pernem BJP MLA Rajendra Arlekar is set to become the next Speaker of the assembly. Till noon on Sunday, which was the deadline for filing nominations for the post of Speaker, Arlekar was the only one to file his nomination for the post.The 3-day session will also see governor K Sankaranarayan address the new legislative assembly on March 20 and the new chief minister Manohar Parrikar presenting the Budget on March 21.With no other MLA, not even from the Congress party, filing nominations for the post of Speaker, Arlekar is set to become the Speaker unopposed. According to the rules, \"If after withdrawals, if any, only one member remains nominated, he shall be declared elected and it shall not be necessary to make a formal motion in that behalf.\"Arlekar filed two sets of nomination papers before the legislature secretary on Sunday morning. One set was proposed by Parrikar and seconded by urban development minister Francis D'Souza and the second set was proposed by Canacona MLA Ramesh Tawadkar and seconded by Aldona MLA Glenn Ticlo.Mahadev Naik, who was appointed as the Speaker pro tem by Sankaranarayan, will administer the oath of office to the newly elected MLAs. As the official notification states, \"copies of the Bagvatgita and Bible will be made available if the members desire to have them at the time of taking oath or affirmation.\"Though the term of the previous Congress-led government was officially set to expire on June 14, in view of the elections and the results, the governor dissolved the earlier legislative assembly through an order dated March 8.The governor is scheduled to address the first session of the new assembly at 11.30am on Tuesday. Supplementary demands are expected to be placed before the House in the afternoon.Sources said that the first 3-day session will be followed by a full-fledged, long session in June 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12321575", "title": "'Extremists' hack Amravati varsity website", "text": "AMRAVATI: The official websites of Sant Gadgebaba Amravati University, Prof Ram Meghe Institute of Technology and Research and PR Pote College of Engineering were hacked on Sunday by those who called themselves 'extremists'. Surfers and students were shocked to read strange messages on these three websites.Highly objectionable statements were found on the hacked websites. The website stated that \"Indian Penal code (Act No 45 of 1860) chapter-II18: Indian means the territory of India excluding Kashmir\". It also mentioned that \"this institutional impunity with which killing of civilian by military and police forces in Jammu and Kashmir continuous should be a source of shame for India which propogates to be democracy\". Hackers have termed themselves as \"extremist, killer mind Haxor, Jerry Hassan, Syed Zaada, Hyp3r-boy, Zarb-E- Momin, fAcho, Radical Assassin\". 'They have also mentioned their official website www.MUSLIM_LIBERATION_ ARMY@YAHOO.COM. Hackers have put two photographs of the Kashmir valley. In one photograph, children were shown holding stones and in other armymen holding guns.The hackers questioned \"who are real soldiers\"? Hackers also said that \"Kashmir does not want militarized governance - stop killing children, raping women and imprisoning men. They just want freedom! Freedom from the evil of the Indian military. You will never kill the Kashmiri spirit and remember one thing India; Ghandi (sic) himself said - Freedom is never dear at any price, it is the breath of life.What would a man not pay for living? Everyday 100s of innocent people are abuse, raped and even killed in Kashmir by the Indian Army, a third of the death are children - we don't want war take back your me, your tanks and your guns and go back to where you came from, all we ask is for freedom, you can kill us all, we shall not give up, giving up is not a option\", said hackers on the website.The contents of all three websites are same. AU, PR Patil College of Engineering and Prof Ram Meghe Institute of Technology and Research lodged a complaint with police. Cyber crime branch of police is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi/chennai", "code": "12322676", "title": "Headless bodies: Cops grapple for clues, identities", "text": "NEW DELHI/CHENNAI: A day after two headless bodies were recovered in the national capital and Chennai, police are yet to ascertain the identity of the victims. They have not ruled out the possibility of a link between the two murders, sources said.Police are going through the cases of girls, who went missing in Delhi and NCR in the last six months in a bid to ascertain the identity of the girl whose body was found in a gunny bag near Inderlok Metro station. They have recovered a photo, torn into pieces, from the bag. The photo shows five to six persons standing with the girl next to a river, which police say, may have been clicked near the Ganga in Haridwar. \"The girl may be from Uttarakhand. It may be a ruse to hoodwink police,\" said I B Rani, DCP (north). Police are also trying to find out the names of missing girls with initials 'PJ', tattooed above the wrist and 'OM SR' on the right hand of the victim, the sources said.Meanwhile, police in Chennai are talking to passengers of the Grand Trunk Express, who had seen the box from which the headless body of a man was recovered. \"We have not identified the body but are working closely with Delhi Police. We will soon send a team to Delhi,\" said S Ponramu, assistant commissioner of police (central railway station).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12321772", "title": "Spot checks find 32% night sweepers absent", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Briefing the media here on Sunday, GHMC additional commissioner (Health and Sanitation) L Vandan Kumar said of the 1,232 workers in 77 sweeping units, only 849 workers were present for night sweeping, which was about 31.8%. Apart from the sweepers, three of the five sanitary supervisors (GHMC) and two of the 15 sanitary jawans were also not present. Similarly, six of the 53 sanitary supervisors (private) were also absent.Incidentally, most of the workers were absent in circle 7 and 10, which covers Masab Tank, Mehdipatnam, Shaikpet, Khairatabad, Ameerpet, Punjagutta and Banjara Hills of Central Zone. \"These inspections were carried out between 12 am and 4 am on Sunday by a health officer and an engineer not associated with the circles. With absenteeism, night sweeping is getting affected in the city,\" Vandan Kumar said.Interestingly, similar inspections were carried out by officials in two circles four months ago where it was found that nearly 30-40% workers were absent. After that, there was marginal improvement, but it seems to have lasted only for two months.The additional commissioner added that surprise inspections would be continued even during mornings. He said that workers found absent would be removed from new sweeping units to be formed from April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12323197", "title": "Licensed weapons pose worry for police", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Suspecting the misuse of licensed gun in Khiri triple murder where a couple along with their friend cum driver were shot dead and recent Karchana firing, where a youth was also shot dead using a licensed weapon, the men-in-khaki are burning midnight oil to probe whether the licensed weapon were intentionally misused for the firings or not. While initial police investigations claimed that accused in both cases had licensed weapons under their belt, police authorities would be sending the cancellation report to district authorities, if the charges are found true. A total of 413 erring arm licenses were cancelled last year. An extensive exercise is underway to verify the credentials of each and every holder in city, trans-Ganga and trans-Yamuna areas.For that, police and district authorities are carrying out computerisation of records with them. Officials admitted that increasing incidents of misuse of licensed weapons either in murders and firing in processions/marriages has not only forced police and district authorities to rethink over sanctioning procedure but also proved to be an eye opener for authorities to curb the incidents of misuse of licensed weapons. While police and district authorities claimed to have initiated strict measures as far as sanctioning is concerned asserting that selected seekers with good public reputation were given arm licenses in last one year, the practice for cancelling of arm licenses of holders with criminal records or reportedly misusing the license is underway.Keeping in view the rising crime rate (by licensed weapon) in the region, the khakiclad have also carried out a drive to verify the credentials of all those who possessed licensed weapons in the district by submitting fake documents. Police have paid more focus towards trans-Ganga and Yamuna areas where such cases of obtaining licensed weapons on forged documents were reported. Under the exercise, the police and its linked departments, including the intelligence, have been verifying the credentials and character of all license holders to single out those who have been indulging in criminal activities, said DIG, Prakash D.He added that the similar exercise has been taken out on frequent intervals and police authorities send the report of errant holders to district authorities for cancellation. Senior cops believe that once a license weapon is issued, its further use should also be monitored. In the recent past, misuse of licensed weapons is not a new aspect and is posing a serious threat to law and order situation as well. Warnings have also been issued to holders asking them to follow the norms or ready to face action.At least 13 such incidents were reported in and around the district last year where misuse of licensed weapon was exposed and the holders were caught red-handed violating the norms. \"We know there are cases of misuse of licensed weapons, but every person (seeker) could not be measured on the same scale,\" said a city-based trader adding that business class industrialists need licensed weapons for the safety of their own as well as their assets and concerned authorities must look into their needs, he added. However, obtaining a licensed weapon is still a trendy fad among seekers who, despite knowing that strict measures are being initiated by district authorities, are lined up to get their applications approved.In Allahabad district, over 27,000 persons have acquired licenses. But, the fact is that 52% license holders have purchased the weapons. Secondly, the police and district administration are jointly probing the fact that whether persons with criminal sketch have managed to obtain the arms license either by hook or crook. Senior police officials here admit that licensed weapons were being issued to undeserving persons and they have been identifying such persons who had obtained the licenses. Besides, the officials have also planned to initiate action against erring cops who had recommended the licenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12322249", "title": "'Repayment will not hit SpeakAsia probe'", "text": "Mumbai: Cops probing the multi-crore SpeakAsia case said the company had returned complainant Navneen Khosla's money but it will not impact the criminal case. Khosla, who first lodged the complaint with the EOW, was paid Rs 6.06 lakh by the All India SpeakAsia Panelists' Association (AISPA) two days ago.In his complaint, Khosla had said that he invested Rs 6.06 lakh but did not get his money back. The EOW began a probe and arrested 10 persons, including several office-bearers of the firm. \"I have got six demand drafts collectively amounting to the money I invested,\" said Khosla, adding, \"I have not withdrawn the complaint. It is the state's prerogative what it wants to do with the case.\"Khosla is the only one who has got his money back. Police records show that over 20 lakh investors had invested money in the firm's survey schemes. The company, say police, has duped investors to the tune of Rs 2,276 crore. SpeakAsia had promised to pay Rs 52,000 returns on successful completion of surveys in a year. The fee (or investment) for this was Rs 11,000.Advocate Ahmed Abdi, representing the AISPA, said, \"It was a collective donation by the panelists. Some of them worked on it and collected money to give it back to the complainant. This comes after some panelists were unnecessarily dragged in the case. The police are also harassing the panelists. We are interested in getting our money back.\" \"Show me one company which has repaid money to its investors after a police case? But, SpeakAsia is doing so,\" said Abdi.Currently, the SC-appointed mediator is compiling the number of panelists who want to 'exit' the company, a process that will be completed by March 31. Sources in the police said this will not affect their case. \"Even the SC has said that mediation is separate from the case. \"Money has been repaid by an association and not by SpeakAsia. We are probing a case against the firm. We have 200 other victims,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12323237", "title": "Remote-controlled airplanes steal the show", "text": "Dharwad: As part of the four-day national techno-cultural event 'Insignia-2012', an air show was organized at SDM College of Engineering and Technology in Dharwad on Sunday.The air show had two types of models, radio remote controlled air models and radio controlled wired engines.Arjun Bilware of NCC unit, Belguam coordinated the air show. Speaking on the occasion, Bilware said that he will train the NCC cadets who are interested in flying and also who want to become pilots. Special training programme will be arranged for school children to enlighten them on aero dynamics and flying concepts.Wing Commander Parag Tomar, along with Vasnath Wayi of Indian Air Force Belguam participated in the demonstration. College principal S Mohankumar was were present.Nearly, 2,000 students had gathered in the stadium to see the remote controlled model planes flying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12322054", "title": "Married women bill hits hurdle", "text": "Mumbai: As an early indication that a proposed bill for granting equal rights to a married woman in properties acquired and controlled by her husband will stir up a hornet's nest, the state government has been asked to exclude Muslim families from the ambit.The state women and child development (WCD) department plans to introduce the Matrimonial Property (Rights of Women upon Marriage Act), 2012, which proposes equal partner status for a woman in her husband's property.Though the bill is still in the drafting stage, it has already initiated an intense debate. With a section of Muslim clergy and religious scholars reacting sharply to the provisions proposed, the state minority development (MD) department has sought \"exclusion of Muslim families\" from the bill's purview. The department also sought a review of all existing legislations and acts related to the subject.Naseem Khan, minister, MD department, reportedly discussed the demand with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan last week, following which Chavan asked the WCD department to consult the minorities department before finalizing the bill.The draft bill, first reported by TOI on October 18, 2011, proposes to \"secure economic rights for married women to empower them\". It grants 50% rights to a wife in all \"matrimonial properties\", which include all moveable and immoveable properties acquired by her husband, either jointly or individually.It also includes the husband's share in a property or business in a joint family or a partnership concern and contribution by either spouse towards provident fund, pension and gratuity during the marriage's subsistence.A woman's separate property has been excluded from the notion of a joint property on account of \"the historical disadvantage women suffer\". Money paid by either spouse under insurance policies, jewellery owned, property acquired after separation, streedhan, and award of damages in court in favour of either spouse have also been excluded. Claiming that acts like the Shariat Act (1937), the Dissolution of the Muslim Marriage Act (1939), and the Muslim Women Protection for Right on Divorce (1986) recognize rights of married and divorced women, Khan said that any change will hurt religious sentiments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12321920", "title": "VC selection panel visits English and foreign languages university", "text": "HYDERABAD: Close to two years after the vice-chancellor's chair at the English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) fell vacant, the selection committee, appointed to nominate a successor, made its first-ever visit to campus on Sunday. And students, teachers and the administrative staff at the university took the opportunity to demand that the three-member panel keep the selection process free from politics. It is due to alleged political interference that the appointment of a VC has been on hold since August 2010.The ministry of Human Resource Development had constituted a selection committee in 2011, but no appointment was made due to alleged political interference. While G Gopal Reddy, the Palamuru University VC had been nominated for the Eflu top job by President Pratibha Patel, the Union HRD ministry had, at the last minute, pushed for Sukanta Chowdhury from Kolkata's Jadavpur University.Chowdhury, however, did not take up the post and the VC's chair at Eflu has remained vacant since. The former search committee, headed by eminent writer UR Ananthamurthy, had offered four names in its suggestion to the Union HRD ministry. In their memorandum, students from various groups complained of irregularities in the admission process as well as in the system of appointment of faculty members. They pointed out how several academic activities had been sidelined due to the absence of a permanent VC.\"Many departments of inter-disciplinary studies have put up proposals for academic work, but none has been accepted. Neither has the administration been keeping records of any of the activities on campus,\" said Mohan Dharavath of the university's Dalit Adivasi Bahujan and Minority Students' Association (DABMSA).Students also griped about the instances when police force had been used against them at the behest of the university administration. While the faculty members complained about the attitude of the top officials in the administration. \"When we list out our problems, officials including the in-charge VC, shrug off their responsibility,\" said a senior faculty member. Sources said several projects, like the one for the development of a new campus at Pochampalli had been halted due to the absence of a permanent VC.The search committee reportedly assured students and faculty members that a new VC would be named shortly even as they remained non-committal about a specific timeframe.Times ViewIIflu (formerly Central Institute for English and Foreign Languages) was one of the most prestigious institutions for language studies in the country even before it was upgraded to a Central university in 2007. It is a shame that this institution's top post has been lying vacant for almost two years now. The university could have expanded both its curriculum and infrastructure but has instead been stuck in an administrative bottleneck for the past two years. It is high time that the powers-that-be stopped mixing politics and academics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12323619", "title": "Three nabbed, arms recovered", "text": "PATNA: The police on Sunday arrested three youths when they were escaping after opening fire in Belwarganj Chain Tola locality under Alamganj police station.The police said that acting on a tip-off that some criminals were on way to commit some crime, a Alamganj police team started routine checking at Belwarganj Chain Tola. Seeing the police, three youths started to flee from the spot and opened fire. The team chased and arrested them, the police said.City SP Kim said that the arrested youths have been identified as Kallu Kewat, Bunti and Chote Sharma. She said that the police recovered a countrymade pistol, an empty cartridge, besides a live cartridge from them. Kim said that she has directed the local police to lodge two cases against the arrested youths under Arms Act and for opening fire.Youth burnt: A youth sustained burn injuries when a thief threw acid on him inside his house in Saguna Gandhi Murti locality under Danapur police station on Saturday night. He was admitted to a private nursing home.The police, quoting the family members, said that a thief sneaked inside the house of one Jagdish Sharma, owner of an electronic shop, on Saturday night. As the family members woke up hearing commotion inside the house, the thief threw acid on Sharma's son Sonu Kumar and escaped from there. SDPO, Danapur, Anil Kumar said that the local police were yet to take the statement of the injured person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322871", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav expels five more partymen", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five more SP workers who created ruckus during the swearing-in ceremony on March 15 were expelled by SP state president Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday. With this, the party has now expelled 17 workers on charges of indiscipline and hooliganism. Yadav had expelled 10 workers on Friday, a day after the incident brought back the old memories of SP as a party of hooligans.The same day, two other workers were booted out after they allegedly thrashed an employment officer in Ghaziabad. Those expelled on Sunday were Wasim, Sharwat Chaudhary, Ameer Ahmad Siddiqui and Izhar Khan, all from party's Meerut district unit.The fifth worker was identified as Babulal, an SP office bearer in Ghorawal seat of Sonbhadra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12322870", "title": "Colourful show of strength at Shigmo", "text": "MARGAO: The continuous beats of the dhols whipped up crazy excitement as the crowd and performers alike were driven into a frenzy as chitraraths, romtamells and folk dance troupes participated in the Margao Shigmo parade on Sunday.Revellers of all age groups, including tourists and a large number of children, lined up along the route of the parade-from Holy Spirit Church square till the Margao Municipal Council square.The floats depicted mythological and traditional themes, folklore in fancy dress, dances and other facets of Goa's culture. The \"cultural festival of the masses\" was organized by the Margao Shigmotsav Samiti headed by BJP leader Damodar 'Damu' Naik.The most upbeat of the lot, were perhaps the orange kurta and pheta (turban)-clad BJP members who insisted that Margao was reverberating with the feeling of \"change\". Margao Shigmotsav Samiti members stuck with white kurtas. Incidentally, phetawallas from Kholapur were brought especially for the event (to help drape the phetas). Chief minister Manohar Parrikar was the chief guest for the function but arrived only at the fag end of the event\"You're listening to the beats of change, the beats of celebration and the common man is also dancing to the beats of hope as they are happy to be in safer hands,\" said BJP Margao mandal president and key organizer of the Margao Shigmotsav Samiti, Sharmad Raiturkar.Naik, on the other hand, chose to highlight the success of his committee in managing to hold just one Shigmo parade this year. For the last six years, Shigmo was celebrated twice by two separate groups-one led by Margao MLA Digambar Kamat and the other by Naik\"I am very happy that Margao is celebrating Shigmo once. This is, after all, an event that plays a great role in educating our youth about traditional culture and customs of the many sections of people that live in Goa,\" said Naik.Colourfully dressed participants marched with wooden poles and umbrellas in eye-catching attire to the rhythm of the beating drums. The long processions had participants in various kinds of headgear, vibrant costumes, masks and jewellery. The traditional musical instruments added a steady momentum to the celebrations.It began with a fancy dress competition where participants across age groups impersonated freedom fighters, traditional and mythological figures. The dhalos, ghodde moddni and fugddeos were performed in style, but it was the lamp (samai nrtiyas) and pot dances that stole the show. The romtamell saw troupes with a palki (palanquin) and images of Hindu deities like Hanuman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12323215", "title": "Eight sugar mills raided in Punjab", "text": "PATIALA: The Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB) in raids on Saturday and Sunday found all eight sugar mills of the state violating various provisions of environment laws.The PPCB claimed they would take strict legal action against all the violators but no one knows what was result of earlier raids.A few PPCB seniors, requesting anonymity, admitted that a majority of their earlier raids failed to bring any action allegedly due to a strong nexus of violators, politicians and some officers.Sources said that eight teams, headed by environment engineers from various PPCB regional offices, raided eight sugar mills located in various parts of the state.Of the eight, three, including Nahar Sugar Mill, Amloh, Fazilka Cooperative Sugar Mill and Nawahshahr Cooperative Sugar Mills were found violating various provisions of the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981.Dark smoke was emitting from these mills, housekeeping was in a bad shape and effluent treatment plant was found overflowing. The sources said that the teams had taken air and water samples, which would be sent for testing.The remaining five -- Gurdaspur Cooperative Sugar Mill, Ajnala Cooperative Sugar Mill, A B Sugars, Dasuya, Indian Sucrose Ltd, Mukerian, and Rana Sugars, Tarn Taran, -- were also found violating mandatory norms related to storing of hazardous waste and electromagnetic flow meter.\"Everyone knows that the mill owners violate mandatory norms. We want to take strict action, but all have big connections which always create problems for us,\" said a PPCB officer.When contacted, PPCB chairman Ravinder Singh said that they would not tolerate any interference at any level and take strict action against all violators. \"We will serve closure notices and take other action as per reports. We have sent all samples to a laboratory for testing,\" said PPCB deputy director Charnjit Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12325811", "title": "Noida chairman among 30 IAS officers transferred in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Over 30 IAS officers, including chairman of Noida and Yamuna Expressway, have been transferred by the Uttar Pradesh government in the first major administrative reshuffle after chief minister Akhilesh Yadav took over.Those transferred include 15 district magistrates and some senior bureaucrats.Chairman Noida and Yamuna Expressway Mohinder Singh has been put of \"waiting list\", an official spokesperson said last night.DM, Lucknow, Anil Kumar Sagar has been shifted as special secretary handicapped welfare. Additional commissioner, rural development, Anurag Yadav has been posted in his place,DM Gautam Buddha Nagar Hriydesh Kumar has been shifted to agricultural production commissioner branch as special secretary.Secretary to the chief minister Alok Kumar II has been given additional charge of stamp and registration department.Industrial development commissioner V N Garg has been posted as principal secretary Kanshiram Integrated Development Scheme and Handicapped welfare.Anil Kumar Gupta, who was on the waiting list, has been posted as new IDC.Principal secretary agriculture J N Chamber has been shifted as member judicial Revenue Board. Rajeev Kapoor, who was on the waiting list has been posted in his place.Manjeet Singh, who was on the waiting list has been posted as principal secretary renewable energy department , whereas R P Singh, who too on the waiting list, has been posted as principal secretary planning.Sunil Kumar, who was on the waiting list, has been posted as secretary basic education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12323757", "title": "The way you type will be your PC\u2019s password", "text": "Imagine sitting down at your work keyboard, typing in your user name and starting work right away - no password needed. That's a vision that the Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency, part of the defence department, wants to turn into a reality. It will distribute research funds to develop software that determines, just by the way you type, that you are indeed the person you say you are.Darpa's purpose is to sponsor \"revolutionary, high-payoff research\" for military use. But technology developed under Darpa's auspices - the internet itself being only one among many achievements traceable to its initiatives- eventually tends to find its way into the civilian world. Passwords like \"6tFcVbNh^TfCvBn\" meet the defence department's definition of \"strong,\" says Richard Guidorizzi , a program manager at Darpa . \"The problem is, they don't meet human requirements,\" he says. \"Humans aren't built to understand random connections of characters.\"Guidorizzi made those comments in a talk titled \"Beyond Passwords,\" presented last November at a Darpa symposium in Arlington, Virginia. Humans use patterns to make passwords manageable, he said. He displayed five handwritten passwords, each a slight variation of \"Jane123\" - and all of them easily cracked.\"What I'd like to do,\" Guidorizzi said, \"is move to a world where you sit down at a console, you identify yourself, and you just start working, and the authentication happens in the background, invisible to you, while you continue to do your work without interruptions.\"No biometric sensors, like thumbprint or iris scanners, would be used. Instead, he is seeking technology that relies solely on an individual's distinct behavioural characteristics, which he calls the cognitive fingerprint . Experts are trying several approaches to determine users' identities solely through their computer behaviour.Roy Maxion, a research professor of computer science at Carnegie Mellon University , oversees research on \"keystroke dynamics,\" including the length of time a user holds down a given key and moves from one particular key to another. Motions that we've performed countless times, professor Maxion says, are governed by motor control, not deliberate thought. \"That is why successfully mimicking keystroke dynamics is physiologically improbable,\" he says. He gives this example: A computer user holds down a key for an average of 100 milliseconds. Suppose that a fraudster is trying to mimic a person who is slightly faster than average - typically holding the key down for 90 milliseconds.\"Then the spoofer is in the dubious position of having to consciously shorten a key-press action by 10 milliseconds,\" professor Maxion says. Having such control doesn't seem realistic , he says, when one considers that \"a voluntary eye-blink takes 275 milliseconds.\" He says that there is some evidence that a user's emotional state affects typing rhythms. But just as people can recognize a familiar song even if it is mangled, so, too, he hypothesizes, could software recognize one's distinct \"core rhythm,\" which would be \"perceptible even through noise of emotion, fatigue or intoxication .\" (Courtesy - NYT News Service)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12322999", "title": "Auto driver jumps from Musheerabad police station building", "text": "HYDERABAD: An auto driver arrested in a teasing case gave tense moments to the Musheerabad police when he jumped from the second floor of the police station building on Sunday evening. He survived the fall , but suffered a hairline fracture on his pelvic bone.Mohammed Javeed, 24, an auto driver from Mohan Nagar in Ram Nagar, and his brother Yousuf were picked up by police for creating nuisance in an inebriated state in their neighbourhood. Based on a complaint by a housewife, Sabiqa Begum, to the control room, the Musheerabad police rushed to the spot and picked up the brothers from the spot at around 4.15 pm.As the duo were in an inebriated condition, they were placed in the lock up located on the first floor of the police station. \"After a while, Javeed started throwing up and constables brought him out to clean up the place. Once he was out of the lock up, Javeed suddenly climbed the stairs leading to the terrace and jumped out of the building,\" Musheerabad inspector P Venkata Ramana said.Javeed landed inside the police station compound and panicked police quickly picked the auto driver and rushed him to Gandhi Hospital. They heaved a sigh of relief when doctors confirmed that Javeed did not suffer any critical injuries. \"After the medical examination, doctors confirmed that Javeed suffered a hairline fracture on the pelvic bone and he is out of danger,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Central Zone, Tarun Joshi said.In addition to the nuisance case booked against the brothers under section 509 of the IPC, the Musheerabad police have slapped two separate cases under sections 224 (resistance or obstruction by a person to his lawful apprehension) and 309 (an attempt to commit suicide) of the IPC against Javeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12327017", "title": "Jannat 2", "text": "The teaser poster of Jannat 2 is out. While the plot of Jannat was about the match fixing scam and all the drama involving cricket, Jannat 2 is about the pistols and guns.A unit source revealed, \"The plot of Jannat 2 is based in the North where it very easy to acquire a weapon. It is usually the North Indian families that always have a weapon with them. It takes a close look at the use and misuse of this.\"Jannat 2 has Emraan Hashmi and Isha Gupta in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12323199", "title": "53 cows rescued, 7 persons arrested", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 53 cows, which were being taken in two trucks to slaughter houses, were rescued in two incidents on Sunday. The police also arrested seven persons. The first incident was reported from Bhognipur police station area.The arrested persons were - Imran, Shahnawaz, Shafiqul and Ramzan and a truck driver. The police recovered 37 animals from their possession.The arrests were made in the afternoon when the cops, acting on a tip-off, stopped a truck near Mehndi Hasan Devipur Highway. The arrested persons admitted that they were taking the animals to a slaughter house.Similarly, the police recovered 16 cows from a truck and arrested of two persons near Raniya Padav area. Further investigations were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "damascus", "code": "12323818", "title": "Blast hits Syria\u2019s city no. 2 ahead of UN missions", "text": "DAMASCUS: Syria was hit by the third lethal car bombing of the weekend on Sunday as UN teams readied for a government-led humanitarian mission and to work to launch a monitoring operation to end a year of bloodshed. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, in a statement, said the latest blast targeted political security offices in the northern city of Aleppo, killing three civilians and wounding more than 25 others.State media, charging that such attacks are aimed at sabotaging efforts to find a political solution to Syria's crisis, said the bomb exploded near residential buildings and a post office. It left dead and wounded, causing heavy damage to apartment buildings , state television reported , without giving a precise toll for the latest attack in Aleppo, the target of car bombings on February 10 that killed 28 people.On Saturday, twin car bombings killed 27 people and wounded 140 others in the heart of Syria's capital, mostly civilians, the interior ministry said, blaming \"terrorists\" for the attacks near police and air force headquarters . The capital and Aleppo, Syria's second largest city, are both seen as having high levels of support for president Bashar al-Assad , and have been unscathed by the brutal crackdown on anti-regime protests.\"Saturday's explosions were carried out by terrorists supported by foreign powers which finance and arm them,\" charged Al-Baath newspaper, mouthpiece of Assad's ruling party of the same name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321681", "title": "Board result dates announced", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) on Friday released important dates for declaration of results for class 10 and class 12 exams. The results will be declared online first and the marksheets will be then sent to respective schools in the next four days.The class 10 results will be declared on June 3, while marksheets will be sent to the schools by June 7. The class 12 science results will be declared on May 10, with schools to receive mark sheets on May 14. The board has decided to declare both class 12 Commerce and general stream results on May 24, while the marksheets will be sent on May 29.GujCET results will be declared on May 3, and th marksheets will be made available on May 14. Interestingly, it will be for the first time this year that GujCET and class 12 Science results will be declared on two separate days. This year, about 1.14 lakh students gave class 12 Science exams, while the number was 4.35 lakh for class 12 general stream students. GSHSEB officials also pointed out that nearly 9.26 lakh students took the class 10 board exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12326182", "title": "Intel to hire over 600 employees in Israel", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Intel Corp, the world's biggest maker of semiconductors, plans to hire more than 600 workers this year for its research and development and manufacturing centers in Israel.Intel employed 7,782 people in the country at the end of 2011, and exported $2.2 billion of goods from Israel last year, Maxine Fassberg, Intel Israel's general manager, said at a news conference in Tel Aviv . This compares with exports of $2.7 billion in 2010.Exports fell because a $3 billion upgrade at the company's plant in Kiryat Gat caused a drop in production, Fassberg said. Intel, based in Santa Clara , California , revamped the plant to enable it to produce 22-nanometer technology for chips. The company plans to start production of the new chips this year, said Shmuel (Mooly) Eden, the new president of Intel Israel.\"The fact that they have decided to have both a president and a chief executive officer locally is a sign of recognition of the importance of Israel in Intel's operations,\" Eden said.Since 1998 Intel has invested in 64 Israeli companies, ranking Israel behind only the US, India and China among countries with the most investment from Intel, he said.\"We will continue to invest in acquisitions in Israeli startups\" Eden said. Fassberg said Intel has made no decision about setting up an additional factory in Israel. Intel has invested $9.4 billion in Israel since 1996, most of it in production facilities, and has received government grants totaling $1.3 billion, according to the chipmaker.Intel employed about 100,100 people worldwide as of Dec. 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322687", "title": "NGO Sampurna gets 2 showcause notices", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has slapped two showcause notices on an NGO run by Delhi BJP chief Vijender Gupta's wife just days after Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit levelled allegations of irregularities against the party and linked the opposition leader to the organization.The first notice to the NGO Sampurna was served for failing to provide the annual list of governing body members since its inception in 2000, sources said. The notice was issued by Firm and Societies Section of the Industries department two days after Dikshit alleged that the NGO, headed by Gupta's wife Shobha Vijender, managed to collect huge sums of money from the BJP-ruled MCD but nobody knew how the organization was spending the funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12324005", "title": "Gowda survives if his budget can", "text": "BANGALORE: What if BS Yeddyurappa and his supporters abstain from the budget session of the legislature starting Tuesday?'' Technically, there is no problem in chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, who is also finance minister, presenting the 2012-13 budget provided there is quorum. But it will be a huge political challenge,'' said Prof Sandeep Shastri , political analyst and pro-vice-chancellor of Jain University.The Gowda government has already said it will take a vote-on-account for the first three months of the next financial year. The procedure needs a stamp of approval from the legislature before March 31. If opposition parties vote against the budget in the absence of ruling party MLAs, the vote-on-account will be defeated. It means the Gowda government collapses for failing to get a financial bill through.No confidence motionEven before the CM presents the budget , the opposition may table a no-confidence motion. Whether it will be taken before the budget or later is left to the speaker's discretion.The budget session starts on Tuesday and the budget presentation is slated for Wednesday. If BJP MLAs abstain from the assembly, opposition MLAs can table a motion of no-confidence against the government.The notice should be given to the assembly secretary before the commencement of the day's sitting. After a member tables the motion, it needs to be seconded by at least 23 members.The speaker fixes time for the consideration of the motion. He prescribes a time-limit for the speeches on the floor of the House .After the discussion, the CM replies to charges made by the members. After the debate, the speaker puts the motion to vote. If the CM fails to muster the numbers, his government goes. The governor will explore government formation alternatives or keep the assembly under suspended animation or recommend President's Rule.Money mattersThere is no problem for financial matters up to March 31, 2012. After March 31, if the budget is not passed and if the government does not exist, then the governor can pass an ordinance allowing for expenditure (drawing money from the consolidated fund).Options before DVSWait for BJP central leaders to defuse the situation and act as per their directions Resign and pave the way for return of Yeddyurappa Lure 10 MLAs from the BSY camp and run government with JD(S) supportBefore oppositionMove no-confidence motion at the start of budget session on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12321923", "title": "Biweekly Mumbai-Delhi Duronto from Friday", "text": "Mumbai: A new AC Duronto Express between Mumbai Central and New Delhi was flagged off by mayor Sunil Prabhu on Sunday.The inaugural train left Mumbai Central at 12.25pm on Sunday and will reach New Delhi at 10.10am on Monday.The regular run of this train will start from March 23 from Mumbai Central and from March 20 from New Delhi. The Duronto will leave Mumbai Central at 11.15pm every Monday &amp; Friday from March 23 to reach New Delhi at 4.55pm on the following day. The Duronto will depart from New Delhi at 11.30pm every Tuesday &amp; Saturday from March 20 and arrive at Mumbai Central at 5pm on the following day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "there will be a power shutdown on tuesday in the following areas", "code": "12323110", "title": "Power shutdown in city on Tuesday", "text": "There will be a power shutdown on Tuesday in the following areas:Kovur Area: Kovur, Mangadu, Periyapanichery, Part of Gerugambakkam, Kunrathur.Pammal Area: Pammal, Anna Salai, Anakaputhur, Nagalkeni, Pozhichalur, Shankar Nagar and adjoining areas, Cowl Bazaar.Siruseri Area: Kanathur, Muttukadu, Vaniyanchavadi, Egattur, SIPCOT Siruseri, Navallur, Thazhambur, Padur, Kazhipattur, Karanai.Thiruvanmiyur Area : Part of - Indira Nagar, Kottivakkam, Periyar Nagar, Thiruvanmiyur, East &amp; West Kamaraj Nagar, L.B.Road, Thiruvalluvar Salai, Old Mahabalipuram Road, Indira Nagar, Sastri Nagar, Avvai Nagar, Rajaji Nagar, Kannappa Nagar, AGS colony, Natco colony, VSI Estate, MGR Nagar, Valmiki Nagar.AlwarthiruNagar Area: Valasarawakkam, AlwarthiruNagar, Virugambakkam, Part of - Arcot Road, Nerkundram.St. Thomas Mount Area: Butt lane &amp; Road, Military Quarters, Magazine Road, St.Thomas Mount Hospital, Ramar koil Street, Meenambakkam, Mount Poonamallee Road, Airport, Part of GST Road, Nandambakkam main Road, Wood creek county, Burma colony, Nasarathapuram, Sripuram colony, Alandur, Police officer Road, Achuthan Nagar.T Nagar Area: Thanikachalam Road, Arcot Street, Saravana Street, Krishna Street, Neelakanda Metha Street, Vaidhiyarama Street, Thiyagaraja Road, Deenadayalan Street, Melony Road, Basudev Street, North Boag Road, Panagal Park, Rajamannar Street, G.N.Chetty Road, Saravana Street, Venkatanarayana Road, Bagavandam Street, Jagadeeswaran Street, Singaravelu Street, Sivaprakasam Street, Raja Street, Radhakrishnan Street, Rajabather Street, Raman Street, Gopalakrishnan Street, Vijayaragavachery Road, Dr.Nair Road, Gopalakrishnan Iyer Street, Nana Street, Daniel Street, Rajachari Street, Basullah Road, Gririappa Road, Lodigan Street, Mylairanganathan Street, Usman Road, Crecent Park Street, Sundram Street, Rajambal Street, Giriappa Road,Yogambal Street, Singaram Street,Hanumantharao Street, Ramarao Street, Srinivasa Road, Ramachandra Road, Sambasivam Street, Ragavaiya Road.Besant Nagar Area: Entire Besant Nagar, Part of - Sastri Nagar, Adyar, Thiruvanmiyur, L.B.Road, M.G.Road.Alwarpet Area: Andiammal Thottam, V.K.Iyer Street, Srinivasan Road, Warren Road, St.Marrys Road, 1Street main Road R.A.Road, C.P.Ramasamy Road Door No.36 to 65, Abiramapuram 1 to 4th Street, Vishalakshi Thottam.SIDCO Area: Koramndal Town, Mangalapuram, Pattaravakkam, Kannan koil Street, Sidco North Phase, Bajanai koil Street, Bramin Street, Yadava Street, Kulakkarai Street, Katchanag Kuppam.Pudhuthangal Area: Mullai Nagar TNHB, Old Streetate Bank colony, Mudichur Road, Old Tambaram, Patel Nagar, Irumbuliyur, Lakshmipuram, Krishna Nagar, Kiskintha Road, T.T.K. Nagar, Kannadapalayam, Kakkan Street, Theivam Nagar, Sakthi Nagar, Mangalapuram, Melandev Street.Porur Area: Entire Porur, Karambakkam, Mangadu, Gerugambakkam, Part of - Mugalivakkam Nandambakkam, Veeranam Pump House , Kundrathur - Mangadu Road, Madhanandhapuram.Tharamani Area: Thiruvalluvar, Santhiyappan Salai, M.G.R.Veeranam Road, Wireless Monitoring Streetation, Sandhiya Nagar, Ambethkar Puratchi Nagar, J.J.Nagar, Thiruvalluvar Nagar, K.P.K.Nagar, Old &amp; New Kamaraj Nagar, Kurinchi Nagar, Rajiv Nagar, Janaki Raman Nagar, Rathnamni Nagar, Thanthai Periyar Nagar, Mahathma Gandhi Nagar, New colony, Old &amp; New Taramani, Baby Nagar, Udhaya Nagar, VGP Selva Nagar, VGP Serilva NagarVirugambakkam Area : Entire - Dasarathapuram, Saligramam, Arunachalam, Part of - Arcot Road, Vadapalani, Virugambakkam, K.K.Nagar, 100 feet Road, Kamaran colony, Devaraj Nagar.Perungudy Area: Perungudy Indl. Estate, Perungudy, Manikodi Srinivasa Nagar, Okkiyam, Thoraipakkam, Kandanchavadi, Neelankarai, MCN Nagar, Part of O.M.Road, E.C.R., Kazura garden, Palavakkam, Nehru Nagar, Bethal Nagar, Venkateswara Nagar, Anna Nagar, Canalpuram, Prabhu Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12323176", "title": "Prevent road accidents: Horatti", "text": "Hubli: Former minister Basavaraj Horatti urged the state government to strictly implement road safety rules to prevent accidents. In a letter to home and transport minister R Ashoka, Horatti has sought the government to call a meeting of SPs of all districts and discuss road safety measures.Horatti said pothole ridden roads, road dividers and reflectors, reckless and careless driving, listening to music and talking on mobile while driving have been the main reasons for road accidents which are claiming limbs and lives of hundreds of people every year. It is high time the government implemented the traffic and road safety strictly in all districts, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "12323469", "title": "Gaya residents want Central University of Bihar in their city", "text": "GAYA: Central University of Bihar (CUB) Struggle Committee on Sunday organised a protest-cum-warning march to press for the establishment of the Central University of Bihar at Gaya, not Motihari as proposed by the Bihar government. The committee has threatened to intensify its agitation if the Bihar government continues to insist on the CUB establishment at Motihari.The Site Selection Committee comprising experts has selected Gaya on account of infrastructural advantage and earthquake resistance. Motihari, it may be recalled, falls in seismic zone four while Gaya is much less prone to earthquake. Moreover, whereas several hundred acres of scarce and extremely fertile land would go non-productive if the CUB was established at Motihari, the Gaya land was barren and no loss of crop yield would be incurred when the university would be opened at Gaya.According to struggle committee convener Vijai Kumar Mithu, a total bandh would be observed at Gaya on March 28 to press for the university establishment at Gaya. The bandh call has been given by the CUB Struggle Committee.Earlier on Saturday, a dharna was organised outside the Gaya residence of Gaya Town MLA and urban development minister Prem Kumar. Activists also raised slogans against the local MLA for not opposing the assembly resolution for CUB establishment at Motihari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12323192", "title": "9-year-old boy killed in accident", "text": "HUBLI: A nine-year-old boy was killed and two others seriously injured when their car collided with a bus on Sunday at Sherewad village of Hubli taluk. Hubli rural police said the deceased is Atmananda. His father Eshwargowda, 48, and sister Parimala, 11, were seriously injured and admitted to Life Line hospital in Hubli.Eshwargowda was driving the car and the family was going to attend a wedding in Hubli. The car hit a bus, which was headed to Kundagol from Hubli. A case has been registered with Hubli rural police.The family hailed from Kundagol taluk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12321142", "title": "AIPMT admit cards now available online", "text": "NAGPUR: Students who have applied for the All India Pre-medical/pre-dental test 2012 can now get their admit cards online. Students should note that this year admit cards will only be available online and won't be sent by post as was the practice during previous years.CBSE, the exam conducting body, has now uploaded all admit cards on its web site and students are being asked to download and retain them till seat allocation is done at the exam centre.MC Sharma, controller of examination (COE), said that students have a window of opportunity to rectify mistakes on their admit card till March 23. Students can log on to www.cbse.nic.in or www.aipmt.nic.in to download their admit cards.If the application status of the candidate is shown as 'Not Received' or has a remark 'Pls Contact CBSE on or before 21.03.2012', then the student should do so before 5pm on the last day. A statement issued by COE Sharma said that while contacting CBSE students must mention details of their application, such as post office, date of dispatch, original receipt of postal dispatch, photostat copy of confirmation page and demand draft, and two photographs as pasted on the confirmation page.The CBSE, which conducts the AIPMT, gave an online push to part of the exam procedure due to the controversy regarding a common medical test for the country. The Medical Council of India seemed all set to conduct the National Entrance and Eligibility Test (NEET) in 2012 but ran into stiff opposition from state governments.Maharashtra wanted the NEET postponed till 2013 since its students were not ready to handle a CBSE-pattern question paper.The Maharahstra board is undergoing a curriculum change with Std XII being the grade remaining. From academic year 2012-13 the entire state board curriculum will follow an upgraded syllabus. Finally, under pressure from states and court litigations the MCI decided to hold the exam in 2013.The CBSE, which was to conduct the NEET as well, then swung into action to start preparations for the tried and tested AIPMT.Application forms were uploaded online for speedier distribution and now the board is ensuring delivery of admit cards too in the electronic format.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12323506", "title": "More private nursing colleges under anti-corruption bureau scanner", "text": "JAIPUR: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) that raided 48 private nursing colleges recently also has some other private nursing colleges under the scanner. The ACB has sought details of the inspection that has been carried out on the private nursing colleges in the past from the Rajasthan Nursing Council (RNC) and also copies of No Objection Certificate ( NOC) issued by the RNC.The RNC has agreed to cooperate with ACB in investigating the matter. \"The ACB has sought various kinds of details about all the nursing colleges operating in the state. We will provide them all in two days,\" said Daya Shankar Sharma, registrar, RNC.The ACB will match the inspection report of RNC with the findings of the raids conducted by them on Friday. But, Rajasthan Private Nursing Schools Federation (RPNSF) claimed that they would meet chief minister Ashok Gehlot to register their protest against the raids. RPNSF has called a working committee meeting on Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12322398", "title": "Officers to pay for missing computers", "text": "Nashik: With four thefts reported from the collector's office in six months and the police failing to find any clue, the collector has ordered recovery of the computers gone missing in the latest incident from the respective officers. \"This is aimed at fixing responsibility,\" a senior collectorate official said.The office of the tehsildar, Nashik, reported the theft of computers; an enquiry by the tehsildar and sub-divisional officer ( SDO) showed that employees were negligent.The collector ordered that the cost of all computers will be recovered from the nayab tehsildar, awwal karkoon and clerk, to ensure such that the incidents do not occur again.The latest was the theft of four computers and two monitors from the office of the tehsildar on the collectorate's campus. Since renovation work was on, the tehsildar's office was shifted to the building that housed the canteen some time back.\"It will definitely compel officers and employees to be more careful about office stationery and others things,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12323727", "title": "Green tea can beat bad breath, cancer", "text": "LONDON: Green tea's status as a superfood is growing gradually, as a new study has claimed that drinking the beverage could help you fight bad breath and even mouth cancer. The study by a team from Israel's Institute of Technology found that antioxidants found in the tea, called polyphenols, destroy a number of compounds in the mouth that can lead to bad breath, tooth decay and even mouth cancer.The new findings will add to green tea's status as one of nature's so-called \"superfoods\" , the Daily Mail reported . Past studies have suggested that green tea helps prevent cancer and heart disease and lower cholesterol - and even ward off Parkinson's and Alzheimer's .In the latest study, the researchers examined the properties of the polyphenol called epigallocatechin 3 gallate (EGCG) in particular.\"EGCG constitute the most interesting components in green tea leaves,\" the researchers reported in the journal Archives of Oral Biology.\"All together, there is increasing interest in the health benefits of green tea in the field of oral health,\" they said. Green tea is made from the same plant as black tea but processed in a different way that means it retains less caffeine and more polyphenols . It has been drunk in China and the Far East for thousands of years and is fast becoming popular in UK because of its health benefits. It's drunk without milk, sugar so it is low in calories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322806", "title": "Sri Sri Ravi Shankar wants UP chief minister to work without any pressure", "text": "LUCKNOW: Spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar on Sunday said that he hopes that UP's newly appointed chief minister Akhilesh Yadav works without any pressure. Speaking to reporters, the spiritual leader sais, \"He (Akhilesh) can do a lot for UP by working without any pressure.\" In Lucknow, as a part of his campaign against corruption and a mission to build violence free and stress-free society, he said that the first thing UP needs to give is a better life to its people and generate jobs.\"Training the work force is essential,\" he said. The founder of the Art of Living is ready to share his experience with Team Akhilesh if need be. \"I have been to rural areas of UP and found that the people are leading a miserable life. But they all are positive, warm and welcoming. Given a right direction, their inner strength would make UP shine,\" he said. He informed that he would be meeting Akhilesh on Monday. Asked to comment on what was the purpose of the meeting, he said, \"It is our culture to go and bless the one who is responsible for the state. I am ready to bless, hold talks with Taliban and teach them peace.\" He added that people in Pakistan are no different. As of now, we had three centres in Lahore, Karachi and Islamabad . Two new centres are coming up soon in Peshawar . He also met several ministers and politicians in Pakistan, but said that the meeting was non-political.On his visit to UP, he said, \"I am here to spread the message against corruption. I believe that system alone cannot eliminate the wrongs in society. It is only through sensitive and enlightened people that we can bring change.\" It may be noted that Sri Sri Ravi Shankar has held discourses in eight districts of UP. After Lucknow he would proceed to Amethi and Rae Bareli.Interestingly, prior to elections, he was to address at a discourse in Amethi, but the event was cancelled. When asked to comment 'if he was going there to prove a point', he said, \"Cancellation of the programme was unfortunate and a lot of devotees were disappointed. At that time, I had promised to come back. Requests kept pouring in reminding me of the promise so I am going there.\" About his association with India Against corruption and Anna Hazare , he said, \"Anna, Baba Ramdev and I are working towards the same cause. Since our aim is common, we should be seen in unison.\"Asked to comment on Centre's commitment to present a white paper on black money, he said, \"All the work should be done with proper evidence. I would comment further once they table the document.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12322301", "title": "City braves heat due to power cuts", "text": "NOIDA: Power supply remained suspended in several sectors on Sunday forcing residents to brave the heat most of day. The power distribution company, Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Ltd, said that the cuts were due to maintenance work in substations in sectors 9 and 62 to increase their transmission capacity for the summer months.Power supply from the 220 KV substation in sector 62 remained closed from 10am till late in the afternoon, even though the power company had notified that it would be restored by 2pm. The sectors affected were 57, 58, 62, 63, 64 and 65, most of which have a mix of residential, institutional commercial and industrial units. \"The weekly off was deliberately chosen to minimize trouble to industrial and other units,\" said AK Jain, SDO, PVVNL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12323588", "title": "Government to ensure all children get primary education by 2015", "text": "JAIPUR: The state education department has come up with a roadmap to ensure that by 2015 all children will be able to complete a full course on primary education.Principal secretary (education) Ashok Sampatram on Sunday presented a futuristic plan in this regard on the last day of the two-day symposium on 'Millennium Development Goals in 12th Plan of Rajasthan: Integrated and Futuristic Approach' organized by state planning board in collaboration with UNICEF , Rajasthan.He briefed on the challenges coming in way of increasing gross enrollment ratio, tracking down dropouts and removing bottlenecks in the Right to Education Act-2010 and shared possible solutions. Sampatram informed that the government will recruit over 78,000 teachers for both primary and secondary level before the next session to ensure that every government school will have a proper student-teacher ratio according to the Act. The principal secretary admitted that underutilization of teachers and their uneven deployment are causing a problem.\"The skewed deployment of teachers at inter-district, intra-district and intra-block levels is the biggest bottleneck for government in executing its plans,\" Sampatram said. He further said cities like Jodhpur has excess number of teachers and whereas towns like Shergarh has scarcity of teachers because teachers are hesitant to go there.Data released by the education department suggested that parents continue to shun government schools as 81.24 lakh students enrolled in government schools in 2007-08 has been reduced to 72.03 lakh in 2011-12. The gap has been bridged by private schools which have taken away the share of government schools. The rise of private schools both in number and enrolment of students from 41.23 lakh in 2007-08 to 51.21 lakh in 2011-12 is posing a threat on existence of government schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12323017", "title": "Electric bikes, a rage for elders here", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Like race bikes for youths, electric two-wheelers are gradually becoming a fad among elders in the city. What wooed the seniors to this uber-technology is that since the max speed of these vehicles is only 25kmph, the driver neither needs a driver's licence nor has to register the vehicle with the motor vehicles department (MVD).City-based dealers aver and say that most of buyers over 50 years old and are first-time riders. Each of the four dealers of electric two-wheelers in city have been selling 10-20 vehicles a month compared to 4-5 a year ago. The dealers say every day they get an average 5-10 queries.\"I bought the electric two-wheeler as it is convenient and suitable for the city ride,\" said 60-year-old M Radhakrishnan, a resident of Kunduparamba in the city. He said that the lesser fuel cost is another fact that led him to opt for the electric two-wheeler.With the increasing demand for these vehicles, the earlier hassles regarding service of vehicles too have been improved. Dealers say there are enough servicing centres in city and that has spiked the sales of vehicles.\"Rising petrol price helps the dealers of electric motorcycles. The purpose of these bikes these days are that of cycles,\" said Ranjith K, who runs an electric bike showroom at West Hill. He said that the bikes whose price range from Rs 17,000 to Rs 45,000 don't need much maintenance too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12323493", "title": "Mescom linemen are on firm footing safety-wise", "text": "MANGALORE: Safety measures are no longer an option, buta norm for all linemen of the Mangalore Electricity Supply Company (Mescom) Ltd. Wearing helmets, rubber gloves, safety belts, while climbing electricity poles to carry out repairs, and carrying a high voltage detector have been made compulsory for linemen out in the field.Supervisory field staff are empowered to ensure compliance and made liable for lapses in meeting safety requirements.To cut down delay in procurement of the safety equipments, managing director of Mescom Vijayanarasimha decentralized the process authorizing chief engineers and superintending engineers to buy them.\"Otherwise, the whole process will have to be dealt at the corporate office levels by inviting tenders and this will have added to the delay,\" Vijayanarasimha told TOI.Jayasurya M, superintending engineer, Mangalore circle of Mescom, said that adequate number of high voltage detectors had been supplied to section offices to be used by linemen in the field.\"These detectors send out continuous beep sounds if power supply of 80 volts and more is detected in power line,\" Jayasurya said, adding it would remove slightest chance of linemen accidentally touching a live wire which could prove fatal to them while on duty.Admitting that there had been slight lowering of guard with regard to the use of safety equipments by linemen in the recent past, he said the company had taken up a concerted awareness drive to convey the point that safety comes first. \"The support given by union leaders on the issue is heart warming. They had assured the company that the union would not stand up for any colleague disciplined for violating safety guidelines of the company,\" he said. Mescom has jurisdiction over Dakshina Kannada, Udupi, Chikmagalur and Shimoga districts and safety equipments have been provided to linemen working in the above circles. \"We have also directed all the senior staff to ensure compliance whenever they are out on inspections,\" the MD added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12321328", "title": "Crime branch to probe Manjit case", "text": "NAGPUR: City police authorities have transferred the murder investigation of Manjit Singh Gulhar to crime branch (CB) on Saturday. The case, earlier registered at MIDC police station, had taken intriguing twists after different gangs of accused confessed to having executed the murder.During searches at a suspect's place, police have now traced an airgun and more than a dozen mobile phones. But the mastermind is yet to land in the police trap. Police are also not being able to nab the man who provided the tip-off to the assailants about the whereabouts of Gulhar.Gulhar was shot last week from close range and then stabbed to death at a hotel on Hingna Road. Gulhar, working as a real estate agent and transporter, also had a criminal past. He had come to the hotel with a woman some minutes before being eliminated in filmy style by a bunch of assailants.The identity of the girl accompanying Gulhar has remained a mystery. Police have not been able to trace the woman for reasons best known to them after she fled the scene when assailants unleashed an attack on Gulhar.While Kelvad police had nabbed four person shortly after the murder, crime branch had picked up another three days after the incident. Police are baffled since both groups have claimed that they eliminated Gulhar for their own reasons.Initially it was suspected that Gulhar was eliminated by Diwakar and his younger brother Ashish Kottulwar due to an enmity over a scuffle in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12324032", "title": "Management fundamentals", "text": "In order to cultivate the talent of emerging business leaders who wish to lead organisations in an increasingly transnational world, University of Toronto (U of T) Mississauga is introducing a sixweek certificate programme in Global Management Fundamentals , which will begin from June 2012.This programme will cater to students from emerging economies like India, China and the Middle East by giving them an exposure to North American business fundamentals. It will help students to develop an overview of how businesses are conducted in North America , to develop business communication skills and other soft skills. According to Vandana Mahajan, director, international academic liaisons, University of Toronto Mississauga, the level of competition has increased multi-fold and the pressure on students to compete with the MNCs has also increased.Undergraduate students in their second or third year of BBA, BCom or business related courses are eligible for this programme , which will be conducted once a year during summers so that students can pursue it during their breaks. So how does it work? \"Interested students will come to U of T for this programme in between their course after completing one or two years when they have a basic understanding of business management. After this, they will go back to their institutions and complete their degrees. This will give them best of both worlds. They will get a degree from their institution and a North American credential as well. This course will also be effective for those students who wish to come back for their postgraduation studies here,\" says Mahajan. It will be open only for students from those academic institutes (government and private) that U of T has tie-ups with.\"We have identified six academic modules. These include international business, economics of business strategy, global accounting, cross-cultural organisational behaviour, global marketing and international finance,\" says Mahajan.Pointing out the strengths of this course, Mahajan says, \"Alongside a rigorous academic curriculum that we have created for students , they will also be getting to know the soft skills from a North American perspective. The curriculum will enhance their communication skills, familiarise them with effective networking and interviewing techniques, and create other opportunities for professional development.\"Upon completion of the programme, participants will be awarded a certificate from the University of Toronto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12322359", "title": "'Abolition of octroi is our long-pending demand from govt'", "text": "The Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) is one of the crucial industry associations in the district. It was founded in 1971 by the Late Babubhai Rathi with just 97 members. NIMA president Dhananjay Bele speaks to TOI about the problems industrialists are facing in the region and the initiatives NIMA is taking to promote industries.What is the current industrial scenario in Nashik?The industries in Nashik are mainly auto and electric-based. There are ancillary units based on large automobile industries like Mahindra &amp; Mahindra (M&M;), Bosch India, Gabriel India, and large electric industries like ABB, Crompton Greaves Ltd and Schneider. There are foreign collaborations with companies like Siemens and these companies are facing recession to the some extent. But, there is no impact of recession on Indian companies here. There was shortage of manpower in Nashik industries seven-eight months ago. The shortage is still there but it is not major. Besides, Nashik industry also lacks enough skilled manpower. Non-availability of land for the industry is another major issue here. There is no land available here for new industries wanting to set up their base in Nashik. The existing large and small industries here also do not have land for their proposed expansions. First generation companies, which are based on the large auto and electric industries and have settled in the past 10 years, are in an expansion mode now. But these industries don't have space for expansion in Nashik. On the one hand, there is no land available for expansion in Nashik for industrial estates, while on the other hand, the MIDC has notified farmers' land in Wadivarhe, Gonde, Dindori and Sinnar, and has made entry into to the 7/12 extracts of land records. As a result, farmers can't sell their land and the MIDC is not acquiring it. We have urged the government to make a time-bound programme and chalk out a policy for land acquisition in the new industry policy proposed by it.Besides, there are several units in Ambad and Satpur industrial areas of the MIDC which have been closed for the past many years due to various reasons like unions, financial and partnership problems. Several acres of land of these closed industries are lying unused. We have urged the concerned officials to take a policy decision in this connection.What are the problems industries are facing in the Nashik region?Octroi is a major concern for industrialists. While introducing value added tax (VAT), the state government had assured us that octroi would be abolished, but it was not. On the contrary, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) went ahead and privatized the collection of octroi! The lack of proper infrastructure is also a matter of concern here. There is no underground drainage system at Ambad and Satpur industrial estates. There are no good roads and public lavatories. Besides, there are also no proper bus and rickshaw stands and traffic signals are also needed at some places. During the Kumbha mela, a 28km stretch from Trimbak Naka to Trimbakeshwar is closed for traffic, which breaks connectivity from both the sides. Hence, proper planning should be done. Besides, cases of mathadi unions being registered in the name of political leaders are rising here and these unions are harassing industrialists. The administration needs to take action against them. While keeping in mind globalization and increasing competition, workers unions should also settle their issues in a positive manner through discussions and must take care that the image of Nashik's industries is not tarnished. There are also encroachments in industrial areas and those are causing petty thefts. Slum encroachments are also rising there. The government must include these slums under government schemes and free the land by allotting pukka homes to the families from the slums.What is NIMA doing to promote industries in the Nashik region?We have been undertaking various promotional activities to promote the industries in Nashik. We are also following up the various industrial issues with the concerned government departments. The proposals for four lanes on the Nashik-Pune highway and the air passenger terminal at Ozar were the results of the continuous follow up by NIMA. We have been taking efforts to promote Nashik industries and have made a vision document for the purpose. The recent industrial exhibition 'Nima Index: 2012' by NIMA received good response from small, medium and large industries across the country and generated revenues amounting to Rs 650 crore.What are the issues pending with the government?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322764", "title": "Slow operations a boon for stray tiger", "text": "LUCKNOW: The lazy pace of tiger-tracking operations at Rahmankhera could allow the big cat an extended stay. Some forest officials, who were part of the operation, have returned from Rahmankhera. The forest department has asked the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) and the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) to send in more trained hands to capture the tiger.The big cat has been roaming in Rahmankhera for more than two months.During this period, some senior forest officials, including chief wildlife warden (CWW), have retired from the service. Sources say the slow pace of operations can be linked to these retirements. The incumbent CWW, Mohammad Ehsan, is also due to retire by March end. Another reason for that slow approach is that the department had drawn flak when it killed a stray tigress in 2009. Even NTCA had written to the forest department, directing the officers to follow the NTCA guidelines for tranquilising and trapping stray tigers.The tigress had strayed from Pilibhit, and had turned a man-eater before it was killed. The tiger in Rahmankhera, so far, hasn't ventured into human settlements. Besides, it has also not attacked any human. The patch of forest in Rahmankhera, where tiger is localised, has three villages in close proximity. These villages are Ulrapur, Dugauli and Meethenagar. \"Three days back, when the tiger killed a bullock, forest officers again tampered with the kill,\" said wildlife enthusiast Kaushlendra Singh. Meanwhile, the wildlife enthusiasts plan hold discussions with the department on the ways to save the big cat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12321352", "title": "We want jail for culprits, not compensation: Victim's brother", "text": "NAGPUR: The loss of their dear one has already shattered what makes it even more painful for the family of two students of Industrial Training Institute (ITI) who lost their life in Saturday's accident is the fear of not getting justice. The kin of the victims Sagar Bawne and Vaibhav Ghuguskar on Sunday vowed to join hands and take the fight for justice to the streets if needed.As the teen driver of the car that mowed the two down remains elusive even 24 hours after the incident, the victims' family members' faith in authorities is diminishing by the hour.While Bawne and Ghuguskar succumbed to their injuries, their fellow classmates Kailash Birde and Sushil Uikey are still fighting for life. A car driven by a teenager hit the students on their way to the bus stand at Rahate Colony square.The distraught kin, underlining their apprehension that the rich might manage to wriggle out of the situation, appealed to the authorities not to ignore the tragedy. Family members of Bawne, who was a boxer before discontinuing the sport because of poor economic condition, said that they intended to join hands with families of Ghuguskar, Birde and Uikey to fight for justice.\"We do not want compensation but jail for culprits,\" said Bawne's elder brother Ravi. \"We are apprehensive justice may elude us as the culprits are from rich and influential families and they would come together to ensure the matter is disposed of without much hassle,\" he said. Ravi added that the loss has been irreparable for the Vandevi Nagar-based family. \"We will knock every door to ensure justice for my younger brother,\" he said. The family is set to take part in the protest rally and also meet the collector.Mukesh Mohodikar, close relative of Ghuguskar, said that the deceased was the eldest son in the family and had left two marriageable sisters behind him. \"His father was keen to retire from service in railways as soon as the son took up the responsibility. The family has suffered a massive setback,\" he said. \"How can a teenager be allowed to take out a car,\" he asked.Another relative Mahesh Bawne, a close kin to Ghuguskar, said that the other occupants in the car too should be booked and held equally liable as they were all enjoying the drive that claimed the lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326478", "title": "Katy Perry\u2019s a fashion fail", "text": "In a rare incident of a fashion faux pas, Katy Perry annoyed fashion critics by wearing a bizarre superhero-inspired outfit on stage when she made an exclusive appearance on BBC's Let's Dance - the celebrity-based charity dance show - where she performed new single Part Of Me.Katy's outfit was predominantly metallic lilac, with lightning flashes across the shoulders and matched cuffs on each wrist, something out of Marvel Comics. Underneath, she had lilac leggings and the outfit was finished off with a pair of black boots.And not to mention, her now familiar blue hair. Katy, usually known for her bubble gum-esque sense of fashion failed miserably in the eyes of the fashion world. The outfit paled in comparison to previous efforts, which most recently included a stunning baby doll dress design, and a barely there leotard, during a performance in Los Angeles. Both the colours and the design did little to flatter the singer however her performance, of new song Part Of Me, was great. It began with the singer in the centre of the stage, in a cage created by green lasers which went from floor to ceiling. As she left the 'cage' dancers joined her on stage and the lasers spread out to cover the stage. Midway through her troupe of dancers lifted her above them and she stood proud in the middle of the stage before continuing with her brilliant routine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12329462", "title": "Assamese beauties vie for Miss India crown", "text": "She is svelte, petite, tall, and hails from one of the most illustrious families in Assam, and now is all set to conquer India through her grace and beauty on March 30 .Himakshi Agarwala, daughter of Arup and Mukul Agarwalla and grand-niece of the renaissance man of Assam Rupkonwar Jyoti Prasad Agarwalla, is one of the finalists at the Pantaloons Femina Miss India. The final ten are selected through many tough and challenging rounds selected by the best in the business, and Himakshi will also be competing against Sukalpa Das, another girl from Assam competing for the coveted tiara.Born and brought up in Tezpur, Himakshi has always been inclined towards fashion, art and designing. According to her father Arup Agarwalla, she was always upfront about her goals and ambitions.Himakshi was a student of Darrang College when she developed an interest in fashion, modelling and designing. In 2008, she took part in a modelling contest and was judged as the model with the best catwalk. In 2010, she took part in Miss Seven Sisters, where she was adjudged the first runner-up, wining Rs 50,000. This year, she won the Pantaloon Femina Miss India East and got a direct entry into the prestigious competition.The desire to take part in a competition of such stature does have its share of difficulties. And beauty pageants are considered to be quite demanding with particular attires and grooming sessions. \"At first the challenges were overwhelming, but we managed just fine. Since it is an individual event, the expenses are much more and with some help from her sisters and from the family we took care of it,\" Himakshi's father said.Loni Agarwala, a relative of Himakshi, said: \"I wish her all the best and I pray that she wins the award and brings glory to Assam. We are proud of her and want her to win,' said.Apart from her supportive parents and family, Himakshi's former mentor and stylist Sandeep Cherian is also optimistic that she will be in the top three. Cherian met her in 2008 during a model talent and later trained her at his fashion training institute. \"Not only Himakshi, but Sukalpa also has the traits to be in the final three. Apart from their grace and beauty, the two girls have excellent oratory skills are very strong willed and well tuned with all topics,\" said Cherian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12328062", "title": "Karunanidhi to go on fast on Lanka resolution issue", "text": "CHENNAI: Stepping up pressure on the UPA government over the issue of US resolution against Sri Lanka at UNHRC on its alleged war crimes, its key ally, DMK, on Monday announced a state-wide fast led by party patriarch M Karunanidhi on March 22.The party's announcement came even as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said that India was \"inclined to\" vote in favour of a resolution on Sri Lanka which meets \"our objectives\" with regard to the future of ethnic Tamils.However, speaking to reporters, Karunanidhi said, \"We welcome the announcement (by Singh) if it is true. We will wait for the final decision.\"DMK has convened a meeting of its high-level committee tomorrow to discuss the resolution issue.A one-day fast will be observed on March 22 demanding India's support for the resolution, Karunanidhi said. \"The fast will be held seeking India should come forward to support the resolution which calls for investigating war crimes by the Sri Lankan government which continued to kill Tamils even after the end of the war,\" Karunanidhi said in the statement.While he would lead the fast in Chennai, the details about the rest of the state will be announced later, the statement said. The Prime Minister had earlier informed the Lok Sabha that \"we are intending to vote in favour of the resolution on UNHCR on Sri Lanka.\"\"The resolution should cover India's objectives to achieve a future for Lankan Tamils based on equality, dignity, justice and self respect,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12328463", "title": "Lanka war crimes: India likely to back UN resolution if it meets its objectives, PM says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amidst mounting pressure from ally DMK and other parties, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday said India was \"inclined to\" vote in favour of a resolution on Sri Lanka at the UN which meets \"our objectives\" with regard to the future of ethnic Tamils.Responding to strong concerns of political parties, Singh told the Lok Sabha that India was yet to receive the final text of the draft resolution moved at the UN Human Rights Council .\"We are inclined to vote in favour of the resolution if the resolution will cover our objectives namely the achievement of a future for the Tamil community in Sri Lanka that is based on equality, dignity, justice and self respect,\" he said while replying to the debate on Motion of Thanks to the President for her address to the joint sitting of Parliament.His statement, which was received by thumping of desks including by DMK members, assumes significance as the key ally has said it would discuss the issue including the option of withdrawing from the UPA over it at the party's internal meeting tomorrow.The Prime Minister said that Tamils in Sri Lanka have been accorded the highest priority by his government and it is in touch with the Sri Lankan government in this regard.The Indian government has emphasised that there should be a \"genuine process\" of reconciliation to address the grievances of the ethnic Tamils and implement the recommendations of a report of a high-level committee placed before Parliament, he said.For lasting peace, India has asked Sri Lankan government to stand by its commitment, to broaden the dialogue with political parties, including with the Tamil National Alliance to achieve forward looking and meaningful devolution of power, Singh said.The Prime Minister said he hoped that the Sri Lankan government would realise the criticality of this issue. \"We will remain engaged with them on this issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12327213", "title": "Lanka war crimes: India likely to vote in favour of UNHCR resolution, PM says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday said India was intending to vote in favour of the resolution on UNHCR on Sri Lanka .The resolution should cover India's objectives to achieve a future for Lankan Tamils based on equality, dignity, justice and self respect.The move will likely pacify the DMK who in an informal meeting of top leaders at party chief M Karunanidhi's residence here on Sunday decided, in principle, to pull out ministers from the UPA government if the Centre did not accede to their demand that it support the US-sponsored resolution on Sri Lankan war crimes before the UN Human Rights Council .While most DMK leaders wanted the party to withdraw its ministers from the Manmohan Singh ministry on Tuesday and support the government from outside, Union minister M K Alagiri and some others felt that any such strong decision should be taken only after March 23 when the US resolution is put to vote.The DMK leadership began their informal deliberations on Saturday at the party headquarters in the run-up to the crucial high level committee meeting on Tuesday. Karunanidhi, general secretary K Anbalagan, son M K Stalin and former minister Duraimurugan are understood to favour hard line.Karunanidhi has been discussing the UN resolution with senior leaders. He has already prepared a draft resolution for DMK high level committee meeting on March 20, said a source. \"If the Congress is not accepting DMK's demand then we would pull out our ministers from the Centre. Our resolution may reflect it. But we will give our support for the government from outside,\" said a senior member of the committee.The DMK had earlier hinted at withdrawing its ministers from the Union government during the seat negotiations with the Congress in the run-up to the Tamil Nadu assembly elections last year when some of its leaders were facing charges in connection with the 2G spectrum scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "raman enclave", "code": "12324079", "title": "Achin's mantra: 25 boiled eggs &amp; tons of determination", "text": "RAMAN ENCLAVE: His daily diet includes 25 boiled eggs and lots of healthy proteins. His dedication to his fitness is a reason why 23-year-old Achin Kumar was able to make a mark in a recent state-level bodybuilding championship held at Dhuri. The youngster stood second under the 60 kg weight senior category in the event that was organized by Punjab Amateur Bodybuilding Association.I was 10 when I decided to pursue bodybuilding seriously, Achin recalled. As years went by, Achins brother Dimple inspired him to put in effort, motivating him to work hard. A resident of Raman Enclave, Achin said while pursuing graduation from SCD Government, he started pumping iron under the supervision of coach Sunil Kumar. Right now, I train with Diepak Prashar, he added.I spend two hours exercising and apart from eggs, also take boiled chicken and fruits to maintain myself. The recent victory really boosted my morale, he said. To keep himself updated with the latest in the arena of bodybuilding, Achin surfs the internet regularly, reading up on the subject. I also add exercises to my regimen after researching on the net, he said. Achins father, Jagdish Lal, is his inspiration. Its my fathers dream that I bring laurels for the country in bodybuilding, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323174", "title": "Five more trains to connect city with Tiruvallur, Gummidipoondi", "text": "CHENNAI: Suburban train commuters now have reasons to cheer. Southern Railway on Sunday introduced five new suburban trains which will cater to 5,000 more commuters in the Chennai-Gummidipoondi and Chennai-Tiruvallur routes. And the suburban stations are likely to get cleaner, as Chennai Corporation has decided to join hands with Southern Railway to spruce up.Flagging off the new services promised in last year's railway budget, Chennai Mayor Saidai Duraisamy said the civic body will with the railways to improve cleanliness at railway stations that fall within the city limits. \"We will survey railway stations and improve amenities,\" the mayor said.Corporation and railway officials will conduct inspections to prevent mosquito menace at access roads and in the vicinity of suburban stations. \"Some of the stations are located near water channels. We will take steps to ensure cleanliness,\" said divisional railway manager S Anantharaman.Suburban commuter traffic has increased by 13.2 % over last year. The railways has kicked off several projects to improve passenger amenities in the suburban network which is used by 16.6 lakh commuters every day. \"New foot-overbridges are being built at 21 stations at a cost of 20 crore while new subways will be built at Tirumalpur and Nemilicherry stations at 2 crore each. An additional booking office will be built in the Tambaram sector,\" said Anantharaman.As suburban trains attract more people from the lower middle class, Southern Railway has decided to install bicycle stands at seven stations. At present, there are 64 stations.The new trains will be operated on these routes: Avadi-Chennai Beach (2.40pm), Chennai Beach-Gummidipoondi (3.45pm), Gummidipoondi-Chennai Central (5.30pm), Chennai Central-Tiruvallur (6.50pm) and Tiruvallur-Chennai Central (8.40pm).The number of railway services per day in the Chennai-Gummidipoondi and Chennai-Tiruvallur sections will go up to 450 services after the new services are introduced. Chennai has 766 trains running along its suburban network.Traffic has increased by 13.2 % over last year. Chennai mayor Saidai Duraisamy said the civic body with the railways will improve cleanliness at stations", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12322496", "title": "MSRTC forcing us to do double duty, say drivers", "text": "NASHIK: Just days before the March 19 meeting between the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) management and the employees' association called by the assistant commissioner for labour over issues of drivers being forced to take up double duty, the MSRTC management has been accused of coercing drivers to take up double duty and trying to push the responsibility for this act on them as well by making them sign a self-declaration form.Already protesting long duty hours (more than 10 hours a day and 54 hours a week), the employees' associations had been demanding recruitment of new employees to ensure justice at work. Since that didn't help, the association took up the issue with the assistant commissioner of labour, who after going through the details called for a meeting on March 19. However, the management has now found a new way out - asking drivers to sign a self-declaration saying they were willing to take up double duty.\"The association was planning a 'work to rule' agitation. But, since the assistant labour commissioner called the meeting, we decided to continue and bear the ill-treatment for some time. However, the management has now started coercing the drivers to take up double duty. There are instances where drivers have been asked to sign a declaration form, which says that the drivers are in need of money and hence are willing to take up extra duty. Therefore, the members of the association have resorted to sticking to a single-duty schedule,\" Pramod Bhalekar, association divisional secretary, said.On condition of anonymity, an MSRTC driver said, \"On Wednesday, I was ordered to take up second duty for the day due to shortage of manpower. I accepted the orders (unwillingly) and I was immediately asked to give in writing that I was in need of money and hence was willing to take up double duty. I refused to do so. I am chided about it daily.\"Most of the drivers have some or the other case against them, or have requests pending with the officials. Unfortunately, these issues are used to blackmail drivers who refuse to oblige the officials. \"Our drivers are ready to take up overtime once or twice a week, but not every day. We are forced to take up double duty at least four times in a week,\" another driver said.Refuting allegations by the drivers, MSRTC depot managers said that there was no such move of asking or forcing the drivers to sign any declaration. \"There is no compulsion whatsoever on the drivers to take up additional duty hours. There are no declarations as such. In fact, most of them are willing to take up duty,\" he said.However, the drivers decided to stick to the no-extra duty stand and workers at the Peth depot in Nashik were the first to start this drive. \"On Thursday, Peth depot is reported to have lost 1,500 kms. From Friday, the drive was supported by drivers from other depots.This is just the beginning,\" Bhalekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12323055", "title": "Possibly the last turtle nesting this season, yields only 30 eggs", "text": "PANAJI: A young turtle recently arrived at Morjim beach and laid only 30 eggs. This nesting could be the last of the season, forest department officials said.This year, a spurt in turtle arrivals has been noticed on this idyllic beach on the river mouth of Chapora. Under the new CRZ 2011 regime, Morjim and Mandrem have been designated as turtle nesting beaches. In South Goa, Agonda and Galgibaga have also been carved out as turtle beaches.\"Only 30 eggs were laid and it must be a turtle that has nested for the first time,\" Amar Heblekar, range forest officer, Campal said.The turtles usually lay up to an average of 120 eggs when they surface for nesting. In rare cases, it may go up to 140 eggs. A total of 12 nests at Morjim and two at Mandrem were laid this season, which began in November this time. Three nests are yet to hatch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326353", "title": "Divya Dutta had a rough Sunday", "text": "Even as some stars spend their Sundays vacationing, some others are busy shuttling between cities, and even countries. Tennis star Sania Mirza-Malik has been shuttling between various countries since the beginning of March.Sounding extremely fatigued, she wrote on her blog on Sunday, \"Played a final,sleep deprived,driving to LA already for a flt at 6 am..Miami bound.Rest? What's that?glamorous life of tennis players..NOT!\" Well, what can we say Sania, glamorous life does come at a price.Actor Divya Dutta also began her Sunday on a rather painful note as she shared with fans details of a small accident. The actor wrote on a microblogging site, \"Chalo begun my sunday wth tripping n a fall! Swollen knee! hpe all gud! sme people jst don't need motivation to fall!painnfull but happy sndy (sic)\". Even as we appreciate your optimistic spirit, we wish you a quick recovery Divya.Meanwhile, actor Arjun Rampal seemed in a happy frame of mind as he drove back to Mumbai. A true-Mumbaiite, Arjun took a dig at the condition of roads in the state as he posted online, \"Driving back to Mumbai, beautiful highway Nasik-Mumbai, also roads to Shirdi were fab. Feels good to tweet about good roads. Rare Reality.\" As long as it's a reality, who minds!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12324039", "title": "Why it is now or never for Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: The annual routine of budget presentation has become a scene of political intrigue and skulduggery in Karnataka. With two days to go for the state budget 2012-13 , a profit-and loss account and policy document of the government has become an occasion for the BJP faction to go for each other's jugular.But why is former CM B S Yeddyurappa determined to unseat his successor , Sadananda Gowda, so that he and only he can present this year's budget ?The reasons are many. First and foremost, Yeddyurappa has presented six consecutive budgets since 2006. He was on the verge of creating two new records, till he was given the boot that is.With his last budget's size at Rs 85,000 crore, it was matter of time before the outlay would have crossed Rs 1 lakh crore. Yeddyurappa spoke several times about presenting a budget of that dream size this year. Yeddyurappa was also on the verge of equalling Siddaramaiah's record of presenting the maximum number of budgets. No wonder Yeddyurappa sees Gowda as an interloper, though he is his chosen man.Budgets are as much about grandstanding as they are about handing out huge doles to buy support. A populist budget gives Gowda a perfect launchpad to emerge as a leader of independent reckoning. As finance minister , Gowda also holds the key to the state exchequer. Once Gowda appears to be in command, MLAs/MLCs will only queue up before him to get approval for even small projects. From here it is matter of time before Gowda can buy their support.Besides, this could be the last budget of the first-ever BJP government in the South as assembly elections to Karnataka is expected to be announced in February 2013.Yeddyurappa has earned the goodwill of mutts, religious institutions and castes by doling out goodies to them in his budgets. He may be worried that Gowda, too, may allocate more funds and gain some larger endorsement in the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12322282", "title": "Samajwadi Party members expelled for exposing scam", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Exposing a scam at the Ghaziabad employment department has cost Samajwadi Party workers their membership. A few days back, Nahar Singh Yadav and other partymen went to the employment office and caught officials red-handed while demanding a bribe from applicants. However, Yadav and others were expelled from the party. Ghaziabad SSP Raghubir Lal said that Yadav should have followed a legal process to raise the issue, but as he conducted a parallel investigation, the police have booked him.Yadav, former national general secretary of SP's youth wing, said, \"We will meet Mulayam Singh Yadav to apprise him of the actual situation. Such scams are not just in Ghaziabad but across the state.\" \"So far nearly 30 lakh people have registered themselves. We will ask Mulayam to order a probe into the scam,\" said an expelled party worker.Yadav alleged that city police, administration officials and people close to CM Akhilesh Yadav did not brief him about the true story and that's why \"dedicated workers like them\" were expelled. \"To clear our stand, we will meet with party chief Mulayam, who is scheduled to visit Delhi on Tuesday,\" added Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12321078", "title": "Crisis in Karnataka BJP, Yeddyurappa whisks away 55 MLAs to resort", "text": "BANGALORE: The DV Sadananda Gowda-led BJP government in Karnataka was on the brink of a crisis with BS Yeddyurappa shepherding 55 loyalist-MLAs to a resort in the outskirts of the city late on Sunday, setting a 48-hour deadline for the party high command to reinstate him as chief minister.With a dozen ministers among his supporters and half of the state MPs backing him, the victory sign Yeddyurappa flashed as he left for the resort showed his determination. But an unfazed Sadananda Gowda told reporters in Tumkur: \"The issue of change in leadership is left to the central party leadership and I will present the budget on March 21. A copy of the budget is already in press.\"Yeddyurappa, who has backtracked after threatening a revolt many times, has chosen to make it clear that he means business this time. Playing the numbers game, he said 15 more MLAs would join him on Monday morning.He is backed by Lingayat strongman and minister Jagadish Shettar and ministers C M Udasi, Basavaraj Bommai, Shobha Karandlaje and V Somanna among others. What if the high command turns down his demand? \"Wait for 48 hours. Everything will be settled,'' said a beaming Yeddyurappa.A report from New Delhi quoted party sources as saying that the BJP may concede both Rajya Sabha seats it can win in the March 30 biennial election to Yeddyurappa nominees to buy peace.The BJP has 120 MLAs including the Speaker, in the 224-member assembly.The developments have raised questions about the budget session, which is scheduled to begin on March 20. Yeddyurappa's supporters gave enough indication about their intentions of walking out of the party if the situation warranted.\"The party high command had promised to reinstate him as CM after he came clean in the mining case. Now that the high court has quashed the FIR against him, he should be made the CM. The party bosses should convene the legislature party meeting within 24 hours and get him elected as the leader,\" declared Udasi.As per the plan, the MLAs will stay in the resort until the party high command makes its stand clear on Yeddyurappa's reinstatement. They will boycott the budget session if the situation demands. \"This is a do or die battle,'' declared former minister Hartal Halappa.Earlier, municipal administration minister Balachandra Jarkiholi, who is identified with the anti-Yeddyurappa camp, announced that a group of 20 MLAs were contemplating resignation, fed up with the party's internal bickering.\"Some MLAs, about 20 in number, are unhappy with the affairs of the party. I have held discussions with them. If the leadership crisis continues, we are all ready to resign,'' Jarkiholi told reporters.The developments overshadowed the 59th birthday celebrations of CM Sadananda Gowda. Besides celebrating his birthday, he sought the blessings of two powerful pontiffs, Sri Shivakumara Swamiji of Siddaganga Mutt and Balagangadharanatha Swamiji of AdiChunchanagiri Mutt. Gowda got a shot in the arm, with Balagangadharanatha Swamy backing him. \"He is being targeted only because he is a Vokkaliga. The other forces are trying to dethrone a Vokkaliga CM,'' he said at a programme in Chikkaballapur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321750", "title": "State prison officials hailed at national conference", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state prison officials won praise of their peers at a national-level conference held recently at Bangalore. Talking about efforts for revamping the prison system, the officials from Gujarat discussed issues of overcrowding, infrastructure and education, and possible solutions.Additional director general of police (prisons) P C Thakur told TOI that salient points of the Gujarat prisons were highlights of the meet. \"The theme of the meet was problems faced by various prisons in the country and most of the states and central representatives were present. We presented the case studies from Gujarat, where we had battled with 220 per cent of overcrowding in 2002. In a matter of ten years, we have achieved 0.1 per cent ratio,\" he said.In his presentation, Thakur stated that the state home department actively got involved in constructing new prisons at various district levels and upgrading the existing facilities. Moreover, new prison guards were recruited to man the new prisons and the judicial system was fast-tracked so that the backlog could be cleared. Lok adalats played a major role in the entire process, said the official.Talking about the infrastructure, the ADGP said that the newly-constructed Lajpore jail near Surat can be considered the best example of state-of-the-art prison complete with CCTV surveillance and modern amenities. \"After getting several queries, we have invited a number of delegates to visit the prison and see how the conventional policing and modern amenities are amalgamated,\" said Thakur.The third and most important point discussed was education. Thakur said that today the Sabarmati central jail, largest in the state, has effectively turned into a university. \"We have more than 3,500 prisoners with us and we have made it compulsory for them to pursue education of their choice ranging from basic education to masters courses offered by various open universities,. Computer education and vocational training have also got tremendous response,\" he said.In his presentation at the event, Thakur also discussed thriving industry inside the jails that has recently clocked a turnover of Rs 7 crore. He underlined its various production units and how jail's tie-up with various industrial houses and NGOs have helped the cause of reducing recidivism and preventing internal clashes at jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12323928", "title": "Bored, woman ends life", "text": "BANGALORE: \"Bored with life\" , a 25-year-old employee of a business solutions company allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from the fan in her Mathikere apartment.The partially decomposed body of Shubha Vadiraj Hatwar was found on Sunday morning by owner Jayaraj, who rushed to the spot after neighbours complained about a foul smell emanating from the flat.Police suspect Shubha had committed suicide 2 to 3 days ago. Jayaraj told police that he last saw her returning from work on Thursday.A native of Sirsi in Uttara Kannada district, Shubha had been staying in the apartment for three-anda-half years. She was unmarried and employed with Target Solutions.\"I am bored with life. So I am ending it,\" police quoted from her suicide note.\"I saw her coming back from work on Thursday. After that there was no contact with her. We thought she had gone out,\" Jayaraj told The Times of India.On Sunday morning, Jayaraj got a call from Raghavendra, one of his tenants, about foul smell emanating from Shubha's flat.Tenants said they grew suspicious when their knocks on her door went unanswered.\"When I got there I opened the window. I found her hanging from the fan. We immediately called police . She seemed very normal and it never came across that she had problems,\" he said.\"No specific reasons have been given by her,\" said Purushotham P, inspector, Yeshwantpur police station. Postmortem will be done only after Shubha's parents, who live in Thiruvananthapuram , reach Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322452", "title": "English gives Haryana village edge in job hunt", "text": "NEW DELHI: In Sultanpur Majra, the Haryana village where Anurag Tihal grew up, speaking English can get your leg pulled. The kids there don't speak English and don't feel the need to till it's time to launch a job hunt - whatever their qualifications, candidates who don't speak English find themselves at a disadvantage. Anurag (20) and about 2,900 others, however, bridged the gap in 2011, attending Teach India's Spoken English classes, a Times of India initiative.At the convocation ceremony held at Siri Fort Auditorium on Wednesday for the summer and winter - second and third - cycles of the spoken English programme, the learners performed skits, recited poems and shared their experience of learning English - all in the newly learnt language. Teach India has reached about 7,500 learners in Mumbai and Delhi and involved about 650 volunteers. In the last cycle, there were 41 centres across NCR, run by 34 NGOs. The programme started in Delhi in November 2010 while it was launched in Mumbai in May 2011.A play by a group of learners narrated the story of Khalida who wants to take up a job to supplement the family income, but fails because she can't speak English. A black-robed figure wearing a ghostface mask appears in her dream and taunts her, saying \"No English, No Job.\" She joins Teach India and, along with English, learns the etiquette necessary to do well at job interviews and hold the positions - personal hygiene (shower, use a deodorant), how you apologize if you sneeze (say 'excuse me'), how you sit (not at the edge of your seat) and general advice (don't keep touching your hair as it betrays nervousness). The training also covers which documents to carry and what constitutes formal wear. There are numerous depictions of interviews - failed and successful - in the plays, candidates graduating from saying \"Yeh lo\" while handing over CVs to \"here is my resume\"; growing from \"little-little\" to fluent English and being able to respond to foreigners.Moreover, the classes weren't the dull affairs the learners expected them to be. While relating their experiences in the classroom, they mentioned the fun they had. English was taught through games and activities. By the end of the three months, Khalida, now able to introduce herself in English and greet the people she meets, lands a job at Cafe Coffee Day. In real life, Kanchan, Pinky and Jaswant Kumar Singh landed jobs with CCD, Hamid in customer care and Reshma Qureishi with a call centre.In the previous cycle, many of those who already held jobs were promoted after doing the course. Shikha Ansal, who had a job in a school at the primary level; has been promoted to middle school and is now earning more.Teach India, geared mainly towards enhancing the employability of youth, also includes a job fair. There was one for both cycles of 2011 and the success rate in the fairs is over 65% with 20 corporations across sectors such as retail, BPO, banking, financial services and insurance making offers.Several of the brief skits performed described how learners from the current batch heard of Teach India and most seemed to have been told by previous batches. The character of Khalida is inspired by friends who had attended a previous round and benefited. In another play, the candidates were alerted by former learners who managed to land jobs in an MNC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323221", "title": "More MLAs failed to furnish PAN details", "text": "CHENNAI: A public interest writ petition alleging that MLAs and MPs got their salary and perks without the mandatory furnishing of PAN details included the names of more legislators.The PIL, filed by C Selvaraj of Ullagaram here, had originally named at least eight MLAs and two MPs.When the matter came up for hearing last week, a division bench pulled up the petitioner's counsel for refusing to furnish the necessary information sought by the court's registry. The present additional affidavit, bearing names of five more MPs, was filed pursuant to the bench's order.The petitioner has now stated that the AIADMK's Rajya Sabha K V Ramalingam had not filed any I-T returns for his income between 2010 and 2011 stating that he had only agricultural income. Similarly, A V Bellarmin of CPI (M) paid Rs 4,160 as income tax in 2008-09, and the DMK's T R Baalu paid only Rs 7,589 as income tax for the same year. Former MP and Tamil Nadu Congress Committee president K V Thangabalu had paid no income tax for 2008-09, the PIL claimed.It said the revelations were only the tip of an iceberg and wanted the court to direct the assembly as well as the parliamentary secretariats to make necessary arrangements to deduct TDS and insist on PAN from its members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12324704", "title": "It\u2019s not Andam or Department,then what is it?", "text": "Rana Daggubati's shirtless picture with Nathalia has become the talk of town after filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma circulated it along with a press release that stated the look was for \"Andam\".But soon, buzz started doing the rounds that the pictures were in fact, a shoot for RGV's \"Department\", in which Nathalia sizzles in an item number. But there is a twist in the tale. Rana now tells us that the picture is neither from \"Andam\" nor from \"Department\", but from a new film altogether, that he may do with RGV.Over to you RGV!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "tiruchirapalli", "code": "12326414", "title": "iGate Patni plans to hire 1,500 for product engineering business", "text": "TIRUCHIRAPALLI: Technology firm iGATE Patni expects nearly 25 per cent of its overall revenue to come from the product engineering services (PES) business in 2-3 years.\"We expect almost 25 per cent of our total revenues to come from the PES business in 2-3 years. Currently, about 15 per cent of the revenues accrue from PES business,\" said iGate Patni Executive Vice-President and Head of PES Satish Joshi.PES business provides end-to-end product development and product life cycle management -- right from research and evaluation, electronic and engineering design, up to sustenance and maintenance. The business caters to sectors such as auto, industrial automation and control, consumer electronics, mobiles and semiconductor.The company is expanding in the PES space, specifically looking to strengthen the customer base in EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa), A-PAC (Asia Pacific) and Japan. Currently, EMEA and Japan markets constitute more than 30 per cent of total PES business, Joshi told PTI.iGATE Patni closed 2011 with revenue run rate in excess of $1 billion.On the future plans, Joshi said, \"We are also looking to expand into new industry segments including Media &amp; Entertainment, Plant design, Plant Automation and Mining.\"To a question on the Indian market, he said the domestic market was an important focus area for the PES business. \"The company is looking to increase its focus on the Indian market, especially in the Industrial Automation, Transportation, Energy and Medical &amp; Healthcare sectors\".He also said the company planned to recruit 1,500 people for its PES division over the next two years. Currently, the PES team has a strength of over 3,200.The PES business of iGATE Patni would be expanding in new markets and mining deeper into existing customers. \"The company is looking at becoming most preferred strategic partner for entry into emerging geographies. iGATE Patni will also be investing in high-end tools, R&D; infrastructure and training facilities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12326684", "title": "Will forward Dinesh Trivedi's resignation to President for acceptance: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday said he will forward to the President the resignation of railway minister Dinesh Trivedi for acceptance. The PM said he received Trivedi's email and formal letter of resignation last night.He added the new railway minister would be sworn in shortly.Dinesh Trivedi's resignation is under consideration of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee told the Lok Sabha earlier on Monday.Responding to a brief impromptu discussion on the issue, Mukherjee, who is the Leader of the House, said Trivedi has sent his resignation to the Prime Minister last evening and it was being considered.\"The Prime Minister has received last night the resignation letter from Dinesh Trivedi. It is under consideration of the Prime Minister,\" he said. He also said as per the procedure the letter has to be forwarded to the President, who then takes a decision as per the advice of the Prime Minister.\"As soon as a decision will be taken, the House will be informed of it,\" he said.To Opposition leaders' claims that the House had been kept in the dark, Mukherjee said on Friday the Prime Minister had received a communication from Trinamool Congress chairperson Mamata Banerjee and Trivedi had not resigned then.Mukherjee pointed out that after the presentation of the Union Budget, the Lok Sabha was adjourned till today. He said the government has informed the House of the developments at the earliest opportunity available.Earlier, Speaker Meira Kumar disallowed notices given by Yashwant Sinha ( BJP ), Basudeb Acharia (CPI-M) and Gurudas Dasgupta (CPI) for suspension of Question Hour to discuss the issue. Dasgupta had given a notice for suspension of Question Hour, but the Speaker pointed out that it can be allowed only when there was a Motion being discussed in the House. She, however, allowed the three members to make brief submissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12323998", "title": "10-yr-old boy dies in freak fire mishap", "text": "MADURAI: In a freak accident, a 10-year-old boy was killed and three of his family members were injured, when the chimney lamp in their house exploded in Madurai after the boy's father attempted to light it with petrol instead of kerosene.Police said that the deceased was identified as Prakash (10), son of Muthu (48), a daily wage labourer from Nedungulam near Avaniapuram in the city. Muthu, his wife Banu and their four-year-old daughter Soundarya sustained burn injuries and have been admitted in the hospital.Police said the incident occurred when the power supply was suspended on Saturday night. Muthu, who was sleeping woke up to arrange for an alternative. In the dark, he attempted to light the chimney lamp, but found that there was no kerosene in it. Since there was no fuel around in the house, Muthu went out and gathered some petrol from his two-wheeler with which he filled the lamp and attempted to light it. But the moment he lit the lamp, it exploded. The explosion caused the spilling over of petrol all over the place and thus aided in spreading the fire.In the impact, the petrol that spilt over, fell on Prakash, who was sleeping near the lamp resulting in severe burn injuries on him. Banu and Soundarya too, were injured in the mishap, while Muthu suffered burns while attempting to put off the fire and save them. However, he managed to stop the fire from spreading inside the entire house.Neighbours rushed to the help of the family and all the four were taken to the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) in Madurai. However, Prakash failed to respond to treatment and succumbed to his injuries. Police said that he had suffered severe burns and could not be saved. Banu and Soundarya who suffered severe injuries are critical, police added.Doctors said that Banu, Soundarya and Muthu had suffered various degrees of burn injuries on their face, arms and legs. It was fortunate that the three had not suffered burns like Prakash as the quantity of petrol was less in the lamp. Doctors at the government hospital said that the three are responding to treatment. However, Banu and Soundarya might take days to completely recuperate, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12323253", "title": "Villagers plan yagya to save cattle from mysterious disease", "text": "ROHTAK: After veterinary officials failed to check the spread of a mysterious disease, which have proved endemic among cattle in Sundana village of the district, villagers have decided to take the help of a \"sadhu,\" who has prescribed a 12-hour-long \"havan\" in the village. During the havan, there would be a complete ban on entry or exit from the village and no one in the village would cook meals.According to villagers, around 30-35 cattle, mostly milk yielding Murrah buffalos, have died in the last fortnight in the village. Though villagers suspect that the foot and mouth disease (FMD) and \"Galgontu\" (Haemorrhagic Septicimia) had spread in the village, posing danger to the lives of at least 150 other cattle in the village, the veterinary department has denied this.Jai Narayan Nambardar, a resident fo Sundana village, told TOI that they had consulted Maharaj Dharma Nath in Chuliana village, who had assured that he would take remedial measures by way of holding a havan in the village. \"He suspected that there is something in the air here, which is causing disease to the animals. The environs could be purified by the havan. The village would remain cut off from other parts of the area from 6 pm on Monday to 7 am on Tuesday\", Nambardar said, adding that villagers had gathered about 25 kg desi ghee for use during the havan.He stated that they would station able-bodied youths at entry points to the village on Monday, who would man the borders for the next 12 hours. \"They would not allow anybody in or let anybody go out of the village during the havan. The sadhu would take a tour of the village for spreading the fragrance of havan in the entire village. On Tuesday morning, all villagers would take their cattle around the havan site for treatment purposes\", he said.The villagers alleged that they had to take recourse to this measure after the vet officials failed to control the problem. Inder Singh, another resident, said that even on Saturday, five cattle succumbed to the disease but the vet officials were still claiming that the situation was normal.Dr Rakesh Kumar, veterinary surgeon in the village, however claimed that they were carrying out vaccination of the animals in the village. \"A team of doctors from the agriculture university at Hisar have also visited the village three days ago and collected samples to diagnose the disease\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jamalpur", "code": "12323709", "title": "Century-old golf course gets a facelift", "text": "JAMALPUR: Being associated with history is much easier than carrying the legacy forward. The Railway Ecological Golf Club (REGC), which is part of only a handful of British-built golf courses in the country, here in Bihar recently celebrated its 100 years with much aplomb despite having faced numerous problems in the past.The REGC hosted a three-day tournament from February 24 to 26 as part of its centenary celebrations. With limited revenue for maintenance, the Indian Railways had given a cold shoulder to the facility but their interest in golf was rekindled last year as they set the course on a renovation mode.Dating back to 1912, the course was built for recreational purposes as a nine-hole affair by the British -- with the town being one of its oldest Railway colonies --until 1998 when its expansion began. Only the Royal Calcutta Golf Club (1829), Bangalore Golf Club (1876) and Madras Gymkhana Club (1886) are older than this one and prominently associated with the Britishers, barring the ones built under the aegis of the Indian Army.Surrounded by a lake on one side and the Rajmahal hills on the other, the course paints a beautiful picture to passers-by and golf enthusiasts alike. The revamp was a difficult task especially with parts of the course being used by kids of Railwaymen as a playground for different sports.So, the REGC management started by fencing off the entire area and slowly adding more holes in their pusuit to turn it into a 18-hole championship course. The course, initially known as Central Institute Golf Club, was re-christened REGC in 2005 to garner more publicity for the Railways.\"When we have such a good facility with us why should we not take proper care of it? There used to be only nine holes so many people were not much attracted to it. So we expanded it to 18 holes, though it took good amount of time.\"We have already planted more than 5,000 trees in the past year and will add more in the coming months to lend it a more green look. We are also in the process of planting better quality grass,\" REGC president Animesh Kumar Sinha told TOI.The course does look very attractive but much work remains to be done like landscaping, deepening of the bunkers, installation more lamp posts, construction of a water reservoir (capacity 6 lakh litres) for irrigation and construction of 2-3 ponds that will help in waterharvesting and also act as 'hazards'.The clubhouse has already been revamped and Sinha has plans to add a pool table, table tennis table and a kids zone to make it more attractive for the family members of the golfers. Sinha says the par-70 5258-yard course will be totally ready by next year and then the REGC would approach the Indian Golf Union (IGU) to let them host bigger amateur events.\"We used to host 8-10 events till 1998 but in the last decade or so we have added 5-6 tournaments despite having no big corporate backing - besides the ITC - which is huge for a small town like ours. Jamalpur Open (since 1972) and Oscar Open are our prominent championships. The renovation work is likely to be completed by the end of 2013 and then we will ask the IGU to give us bigger events to stage,\" maintains Sinha.He also works as the chief works manager for the Jamalpur workshop. The longest running tournaments at the REGC were instituted by the British - the Monsoon Cup in 1912 and the Jamalpur Golf Trophy in 1913 presented by B. Sinclair Wedderburn. Interestingly, both the inaugural editions were won by one G.Wilson. Both the trophies are part of the REGC memorabilia with the latter made of silver, having an uncanny resemblance with the Claret Jug awarded to the winner of the British Open.There are also some lawn bowling trophies in REGC's possession, that suggests a large following of the sport in the British era. The REGC also has plans to popularise the game among school kids by conducting training camps and awarding golf sets to promising youngsters. \"We already have 100 members (80 from Railways, 20 private). But the kids don't identify themselves with the sport so we will hold week-long training camps twice or thrice annually to help them pick up the sport. RCGC trainer Inderjit Bhalotia and pros like Mohd Islam have already given their consent for that,\" says seven-handicapper Sinha.Only time will tell whether such grand plans are executed or not but in any which way history would have already repeated itself by then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12315597", "title": "Yuvraj Singh's courageous: Neha Dhupia", "text": "Yuvraj Singh is not just a great cricketer, but a fighter too. Soon after he was diagnosed with cancer , he made a statement saying 'it isn't a death warrant'... only shows what a gutsy person he really is!And perhaps his ability to take things in his stride is what's helping him recover soon. After he was discharged from hospital the sport star tweeted: \"3rd chemo cycles over, back from hospital n I am free. Road to recovery starts now. Can't wait to be back home.\"Of the many congratularory messages he got from fans, one was from none other than actor Neha Dhupia , she tweeted: \"Woken up to the great news of my friend @ YUVSTRONG12 . He is on the road to recovery,n wil b bk soon. Wat an incredible display of strength!\"We couldn't agree more Neha. He's definitely courage personified and we wish him a speedy recovery and hope to see him back on field soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321536", "title": "Woman injured in stove blast", "text": "PUNE: A 35-year-old woman was critically injured in a stove blast at Sanjay Gandhi slums in Chatushrungi on Sunday afternoon. The injured was identified as Lalita Jagtap.Senior police inspector Ajay Kadam of Chatushrungi police station said Jagtap was cooking when her sari caught fire in the stove blast.According to Kadam, Jagtap was alone at home at the time of the incident. On seeing black fumes emanating from the house, residents broke the door and doused the flames.Jagtap, who is a labourer, has sustained severe burn injuries and is undergoing treatment at Sassoon hospital.A doctor from the hospital said that the victim has sustained 100% burns and that her condition is critical. \"According to the woman, it was the stove that exploded causing burns all over her body,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12323768", "title": "Indian call centres selling personal data of Britons?", "text": "LONDON: Corrupt Indian call centre workers are selling swathes of confidential personal information, from credit card details and medical records to loan data, of over 500,000 Britons, media reports claimed on Sunday.Confidential personal data on hundreds of thousands of Britons is being touted by Indian call centre workers, the Sunday Times report said citing its sting operation.Posing as London businessmen , undercover reporters met two Indians, claiming to be information technology workers at call centres trying to sell confidential personal information. The two data traders boasted of having 45 different sets of personal information on nearly 500,000 Britons, the Daily Mail reported separately.Once in the hands of criminals and unscrupulous companies , the data can be used to defraud customers or to provide crucial leads for cold calls. The potential rewards dwarf the cost, as little as 2 pence per piece of information , that the data traders charge, the Times report said. The reporters were tipped off about the activities of the two data traders and had arranged for a meeting in Gurgaon, near New Delhi.One of the sellers of the information told the undercover reporters that, \"It's collected by the agents. It's not the bank's data. It's data that has been collected by the agents directly from the person that is holding these cards by survey and the sales they make,\" the report quoted the trader as saying.The information available from the sellers also included the records of mobile phone company customers and hundreds who subscribe to Sky TV, it said. After accepting a payment of \u00a3100, one of them said he had been selling such data for over four years and agreed to provide a sample of information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12321752", "title": "Cop held for attacking colleagues wife", "text": "Mumbai: A constable of the Malabar Hill police station, Deepak Shetye (43), was arrested on Saturday for attacking a colleague's wife and also misbehaving with her at her home in BDD Chawl. The victim was alone at home when the incident occurred.The police suspect that the two families had past rivalry. Shetye was later released on bail but he was suspended from service. He has been booked for assault, trespassing and outraging the modesty of a woman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12328188", "title": "NCTC row: SP to vote against govt in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party today said it will vote against the government in Parliament on the issue of setting up the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).\"We can't support it. We will vote against it,\" Samajwadi Party leader Ramgopal Yadav told reporters outside Parliament.Chief ministers of several states including West Bengal , Tamil Nadu , Odisha, Bihar , Uttar Pradesh, and BJP-ruled states have written to the Prime Minister against the NCTC.These states have opposed the NCTC, saying that the proposed body impinges on the powers of state governments. A meeting of chief ministers is also scheduled on April 16 on the NCTC issue.Asked if the SP would support the UPA government in case the Trinamool Congress withdraws support to it, Yadav said, \"There is no question... This is a hypothetical question. Who comes and who goes is immaterial to me. We are not going to join.\"On reports suggesting that he would be given the post of Deputy Chairman in the Rajya Sabha if his party joins the government, Yadav said, \"This is a figment of imagination. There is no truth in it and I will not accept it\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12323855", "title": "Can\u2019t stand this journey", "text": "BANGALORE: There is all-round consensus that Bangalore's bus services have improved in the past five to eight years - bigger, brighter buses compared to the claustrophobic red, rickety ones that ruled the roads. The light blue regular ones, and air-conditioned crimson red Volvos have changed the face of BMTC - which has come in for appreciation from across the country. So where's the catch? An overflow of passengers during peak hours making for sweaty, long rides. The number of trips during peak hours isn't just enough.\"I don't mind a standing journey to office and home as long as people are not falling all over you. When the bus is packed, there is smell, suffocation and sweat. People even pick noses and sneeze into you. A peak-hour journey can be nauseating because of the overload. We desperately need more buses ,\" says Altaf Hussain , an insurance employee who travels between Cooke Town and Jayanagar.R Sajni, a PR professional , has a similar story about her journey from Sarjapur to MG Road.\"Sarjapur is well-connected to major bus stations. But a standing journey when the bus is packed is wholly avoidable - holding the bar with one hand, fending off people with the other and keeping balance. During rush hour, especially summer , you just want a shower at the end of it. But we might be better off compared to Mumbai's trains and Chennai's buses.\"A bus ride from Whitefield to Majestic, via MG Road, is a daunting one. \"It's nothing less than an hour. Even when you're sitting, people are falling on you. Instead of just two or three buses, seven or eight in peak hours would make a difference . Sweaty rides are a nightmare, though it happens in every city,\" says Raghunandan Murali, an electronics trader.This is a common complaint among Bangaloreans , with each one waiting for the relief promised by the Metro. \"Volvos have made a difference. At least one is sure of an air-conditioned ride even if buses are packed during peak hours on the IT corridor. People travel standing all the way from Jayanagar to Electronic City, but it is pleasant because people don't fall over you. Even then, additional Volvo buses would be welcome ,\" says Praveen G, a techie working in E-City .Can BMTC deliver on numbers?BMTC buses:Around 6,000Volvos:Around 600Major bus stations:Majestic, Shivajinagar, KR Market, Yeshwantpur and JayanagarLong-distance routes:Kengeri to KR Puram, Yeshwantpur to JP Nagar, Yelahanka to Kengeri, Whitefield to MG Road, Sarjapur to MG Road, Jayanagar to Electronics CityTime taken:One to one-and-a-half hoursBus load in peak hours:70 to 100", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12323494", "title": "Four cops sent to police lines for torturing youth", "text": "JAIPUR: Four policemen were removed from their duty at Sadulpur police station in Churu district and sent to the police lines after a mob of angry people accused them of beating up a dalit youth over false charges of illegal liquor manufacture on Saturday evening. An FIR was also registered against the policemen.According to reports, a police team from the police station had gone to Valmiki Nagar area on information of an illegal liquor manufacturing unit. The unit was not found operational, but despite that, the policemen rounded up one Gajananad Valmiki and brought him to the police station where they allegedly tortured him.When the news of the torture spread , family members and residents of the area gathered in front of the police station and shouted slogans against the policemen for almost two hours.They also blocked a road leading to the police station. The mob of angry people from the dalit community tried to forcefully enter the police station demanding justice following which heated arguments were exchanged between them and the policemen.Senior police officers rushed to the police station and tried to placate the people, however they refused to budge unless strict action was taken against the four cops.After taking statements of the victim's family members as well as the policemen involved in the incident, the four cops - ASI Jagdish Chandra, constables Hansraj, Jagat Singh and Mukesh - were sent to the police lines. \"The family members of Gajananand have also registered an FIR against the policemen. A probe has been ordered,\" an officer said. A medical examination of the youth was also conducted which said there were injuries on his body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12322621", "title": "Nehru\u2019s vision of Indian democracy praised", "text": "VARANASI: A special lecture on 'Pt Nehru and Indian democracy' was organised by the Nehru Studies Centre of Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapith on Sunday.\"The Indian democratic system is one of the oldest in the world with its foundation laid in Buddhist republics. Of late, evils like communalism, casteism and regionalism are casting their shadows to weaken the age-old democratic system. Therefore, the scientific vision and secular democratic thought eyeing on modern development, envisaged by Pt Jawahar Lal Nehru has become all the more relevant for the country,\" said professor Tulsi Ram, director, Russian and Central Asian Studies, School of International Studies, JNU, New Delhi, while addressing the gathering during the event.Saying that Nehru favoured religious autonomy but strongly opposed the inclusion of religion into politics, the professor emphasised that the former prime minister encouraged the rule of law rather than entry of religion into the politics and society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12323556", "title": "National awards to be conferred today", "text": "BHOPAL: The national awards instituted by Madhya Pradesh government will be given away at a function at Ravindra Bhavan on Monday. These awards will be conferred on luminaries of art, literature, dance and music spheres. Culture Minister Laxmikant Sharma will be chief guest of the function, which will continue till March 21.At the function, pending national awards for the year 2008-09 and National Kalidas Award for the year 2009-10 will be given away. Out of the awards for year 2008-09, Kabir Samman will be given to Marathi poet Mangesh Padgaonkar, Maithilisharan Gupta Samman to writer and critic Ramesh Chandra Shah, Iqbal Samman to Urdu litterateur Gopichand Narang and Sharad Joshi Samman to satirist KP Saxena respectively.Similarly, National Kalidas Award will be bestowed on singer Pandit Chhannulal Mishra in classical singing, Kathakali exponent Kalamandalam Gopi in classical dance and painter Jairam Patel in fine arts respectively. Tulsi Award, which is conferred on male artiste of folk arts will be given away to terracotta artist Rangaswamy Veddar and Ahilya Award, given away to female artistes will be bestowed on Sushri Gulabo.The recipients of National Kalidas Awards for year 2009-10 will include violinist Dr N Rajam, Bharat Natyam exponent Saroja Vaidyanathan and painter Krishna Kanhai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12322516", "title": "Interim budget to be tabled soon", "text": "NASHIK: With the financial year coming to an end this month, newly elected corporators yet to assume office and standing committee elections yet to be conducted, the civic administration has began preparing the interim budget. The election for the civic body and for the mayoral posts have just concluded. The standing committee polls are yet to be held.Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials said that in cases where the election of the standing committee is yet to be held, three months are allotted for presenting the municipal budget. There is a provision for the administration to chalk out a interim budget, including a budget for the urban poor, a gender budget and a budget for Dalits.\"Three things are mandatory while preparing the budget. We have to make provisions for the urban poor and send it to the government. While preparing the budget, we have to set aside 5% for women and child welfare (gender budget) and 5% for welfare of Dalits. Now, there is also a proposal for keeping 3% of the budget for the handicapped,\" said deputy commissioner, administration, Deepak Kasar.He said even if the budget is not prepared and presented in the first three months of the financial year, the administration can prepare the budget for regular expenses with the approval of the municipal commissioner. Kasar said that in a week, the interim budget would be ready and signed by the commissioner. \"Within 15 days, it is discussed in the standing committee and then at the general body meeting. If it is not approved in the GBM, the last discussion in the standing committee is considered as final. If there is liquidity, permission of the governments is required to make the budget, but NMC does not have any liquidity. In this case, we will prepare the interim budget and send it to the standing committee for discussion and correction,\" he added.Newly-elected mayor Yatin Wagh said that the corrections would be made in the interim budget shortly after the standing committee elections are held and the interim budget will then be presented at the meeting of the general body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12323486", "title": "Man conned on pretext of gold brick", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified accused conned a person on the pretext of selling a gold brick cheaper than its market value. The incident took place under the limits of Koh-e-Fiza police station of the city a few days back but a case was registered on Saturday evening.Police said complainant Kamal Jain, a resident of Chowksey Nagar, runs an eatery near the Karond Square.He came in contact of a person who told him of having a gold brick and wants to sell it cheaper than the market value. The police said Jain agreed to purchase the brick and the deal with fixed for Rs 7 lakh.The unidentified accused, named as Jain, called him to Gandhi Nagar where latter paid Rs 3.5 lakh and took the brick while he promised to pay the remaining sum in a couple of days.Incident came to fore when Jain took the brick to check its market value and purity. After ascertaining that the yellow metal is not gold Jain contacted the police and filed a complaint.The police said a case of forgery against unidentified accused has been registered after corroborating the charges. Further investigations were continuing in the incident.In another incident a couple has been booked forgery in Bairagarh Township. Police said complainant Suresh 40 did an agreement of buying a flat at Shikhar complex that is owned by Jerry Pal and his wife Seema.He reportedly paid Rs 2 lakh advance for the same. The police said complainant approached the police after not getting possession of the flat and neither his money back. Officials said of looking into the details of incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322762", "title": "Plan panel wants national institute on Sowa-Rigpa", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ancient Tibetan medicinal system believed to have been taught by Buddha himself - Sowa Rigpa -- is all set to get a major boost. The Planning Commission's working group on Ayush (department of ayurveda, yoga and naturopathy, unani, siddha and homoeopathy) for the 12th five year plan has proposed the setting up a Rs 100 crore National Institute of Sowa-Rigpa.The institute will have facilities for undergraduate and post-graduate education and provision of clinical services through a well-equipped hospital.The group has also proposed setting up a Central Council for Research in Sowa-Rigpa. Health ministry officials said unlike other Indian systems of medicine and homeopathy , Sowa-Rigpa has not been explored scientifically and standards of drugs, therapies and procedures are lacking.\"It is, therefore, proposed to develop an organizational set up mandated with scientific validation and standardization of Sowa-Rigpa to facilitate research in literary, drug, clinical areas and medicinal plants,\" the commission note said.Sowa-Rigpa, commonly known as 'Amchi', is one of the oldest surviving systems of medicine in the world, popular in the Himalayan region. This system is practiced in Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Darjeeling, Lahaul and Spiti (Himachal Pradesh) and Ladakh region. The theory and practices of Sowa-Rigpa are similar to ayurveda, and also includes principles of traditional Chinese medicine. The Rajya Sabha in 2010 passed a bill to include Sowa-Rigpa under the Indian systems of medicine.The commision's report said, \"Sowa-Rigpa is presently in the hands of some institutes run by Tibetan bodies in trans-Himalayan region. Some sort of financial support is provided to these institutions from the government. However, the infrastructural facilities there are not sufficient to meet the aspirations of the students who choose to study Sowa-Rigpa for a professional career. As Sowa-Rigpa has been accorded state patronage, a dedicated institute of the system is required that may lead to develop benchmark standards of education, patients' care and postgraduate research and impart professional training to produce skilled manpower.\"The committee has also asked for a Rs 50 crore allocation towards setting up of the council.\"Presently, an institute for research in Sowa-Rigpa with a limited mandate is functioning at Leh under the aegis of Central Council for Research in Ayurveda and Siddha. It has not developed linkages and collaboration with other scientific institutions because of its geographical location and the activities there are not very contributory for the scientific development of the system,\" the working group's report said.Sowa-Rigpa has been popularly practice in Tibet, Magnolia, Bhutan, some parts of China, Nepal and few parts of former Soviet Union .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12321322", "title": "Police reluctant to book car owner", "text": "NAGPUR: City police are now facing the blushes as teen driver of the car that killed two ITI students on Saturday has remained elusive even 24 hours after the accident. The teenager, on a joyride with his three friends, mowed down the students near Rahate Colony square.While police remained clueless about the whereabouts of the minor driver, they also remained undecided on action against owner of the car who let the teenager drive out with the vehicle. The teenager has been booked for culpable homicide not amounting to murder under section 304 of Indian Penal Code. Police said his father Sushil Jhamb, in whose name the car is reportedly registered, is liable for action of his son who was not holding a valid licence. Jhamb is a garments trader based at Gandhibagh.The police claimed they could not establish ownership of the vehicle Sunday being a holiday for Regional Transport Office.Though city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay appeared reluctant to book the owner of the car, he left the final call for the zonal deputy commissioner of the police of Zone-IV Nishith Mishra.\"Technically, I do not feel that there was a case of abetment against the father or owner of the car. We have ensured the case was registered under a stringent section that would attract sessions trial and so are not keen to dilute it by applying improper legal methodologies,\" he said.DCP Mishra, who admitted citizens' pressure on the cops in the case, said that the wait is for the teenager to be nabbed to decide the fate of his father or owner of the car. \"Much depends on the statement of the teenager when he is with police. We may hold the father liable for abetment eventually but legal opinions are being examined now,\" he said.Mishra said that holding the teen's friends in the car also responsible for the accident would set a bad precedent and may not stand the test of law. Lawyers suggested the police should not soft-peddle the case.\"The owner of the car should have been slapped with relevant sections of the Motor Vehicle Act too. In this case, he can be booked under both MV Act and Indian Penal Code,\" said additional public prosecutor and special prosecutor for Central Bureau of Investigation Vijay Kolhe.\"The road on which the accident took place had educational institutions including that for blind on either side. Police should minutely record details of the location. It is important for the society that such culprits are punished,\" he said.Former district government pleader PK Sathianathan said that the owner of the car should be booked under section 107 of the IPC. \"He cannot shirk his responsibility,\" he said. Lawyers also pointed to supreme court decision upholding the decision of an accident claim tribunal asking owner of a bike to pay around Rs 8 lakh compensation to an accident victim. The victim had died after being hit by the two-wheeler driven by the teenage son of the owner.Former assistant commissioner of police Anil Bobade, now retired, said that father of a minor son and another owner of a five-wheeler were booked as abettors in accident cases in 2009 holding them liable for the accident caused by others.The city police's reluctance to book the vehicle's owner, who irresponsibly let his minor son drive the car resulting in death of two innocent students, is astonishing. They have booked owners and parents in similar cases earlier. By not doing so now, they are suggesting different standards apply to influential persons. Their 'inability' to nab the teen driver also raises suspicion. This is not done. In cases like this, greater culpability lies with the parents, who let their kids illegally drive vehicles out on public streets, than with the actual offenders. Indulging one's child is one thing but the limits of it lie well on this side of endangering other people's lives. Allowing such behaviour to go unpunished will only encourage it. Police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has often spoken about applying the most stringent provisions in rash driving cases. He should now walk the talk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12328941", "title": "SP not joining UPA, says Mulayam Singh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party chief minister Mulayam Singh has put to rest all speculations about his party joining Congress-led UPA government at the centre.\"\"Neither have we asked them for alliance, nor have they invited us to join the Union government, hence there is no question of joining the UPA,\"\" Mulayam told reporters here at a press conference. However, he also said that his party will continue to support UPA from outside to stop communal parties coming to power.Mulayam also clarified that the support to UPA is only issue-based. \"We have been playing role of constructive opposition and will continue to so and will not join the government,\" he said.When asked what his response would be in case Congress requested him to join the Central government, Mulayam said that his party would not like to be part of the UPA for a year or two as general elections are due in 2014.On the possibilities of formation of non-Congress and non-BJP third front, Mulayam said that it was too early to talk about it. Regarding the absence of big leaders like West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa during Akhilesh Yadav's oath taking ceremony as chief minister, he said that both the leaders called to congratulate, wrote letters and sent their representatives for the event. He also pointed that Congress president Sonia Gandhi also sent her representatives.Earlier, Samajwadi Party general secretary and spokesperson Ram Gopal Yadav also denied reports that the party is joining UPA. Yadav also denied reports that he has been offered the post of deputy chairperson Rajya Sabha by the Congress. He said that Samajwadi Party will continue issue-based support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322770", "title": "Foreign money may bother Kazmi", "text": "NEW DELHI: S M A Kazmi, the journalist arrested for his alleged role in the Israeli car blast in the capital, and his wife may face a money laundering case if alleged foreign remittances of over Rs 21 lakh to their bank accounts turn out to be illegal, say sources in the Enforcement Directorate (ED) investigating genuineness of the transfers.\"We are investigating the transfers of funds. The amount seems to have been transferred over a period of time. We are checking the genuineness of the transfers. If we find something fishy, we will register a case,\" said a senior ED official.Delhi Police commissioner B K Gupta claimed on Friday that Kazmi and his wife had received foreign remittances of Rs 3.80 lakh and Rs 18,78,500 separately but they could not satisfactorily explain the source of the amount. However, Kazmi's family and their counsel, Vijay Aggarwal, have said \"the transfers were made by his family members\".Sources say Sedaghatzadeh Masoud, the operational head of the Iranian module who was arrested by the Malaysian police from Kuala Lumpur airport, seems to be the mastermind of both New Delhi and Bangkok blasts, which were reportedly prompted by the attacks on Iranian scientists since 2009. Delhi Police is also treating him as a conspirator in the Israeli embassy car blast case here and a non-bailable warrant has been issued against him and three New Delhi bombers - Houshang Afshar Irani, Seyed Ali Mahdiansadr and Mohammed Reza Abolghasemi. \"We have technically four Iranians accused in our case,\" said a source.Investigators are also trying to figure out whether Masoud had visited Delhi before the blast. It was Masoud's calls to Irani that reportedly led the investigators to Kazmi and helped them crack the case.The investigators are checking the details of an Iranian SIM card, recovered from Kazmi's residence, to know more about the calls made since February 2011 when the plan was hatched.They have also collected fingerprints from the scooty used by main bomber Irani for the recce of the Israeli embassy in Delhi and the black Hero Passion Pro bike that he reportedly used to plant the bomb on the car on February 13. Sources say these fingerprints would be shared with Iran to find out if Irani had any criminal background there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12321771", "title": "Two bookies held with 15 mobiles", "text": "Two bookies from Ulhasnagar have been arrested with 15 mobiles. They called 200 people for the India-Pakistan cricket match on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12322972", "title": "Capital's mayor in Kozhikode for waste disposal tips", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A delegation led by Thiruvananthapuram corporation mayor K Chandrika visited the Njeliyanparamba trenching ground on Sunday to study the waste disposal method adopted by the city corporation.The team gathered information on the methods used by the city corporation to bring down the generated waste from 150 tonnes to 50 tonnes. \"The civic body has succeeded in reducing the quantity of waste with the help of people. Marriage halls and hotels in the city are disposing waste themselves,\" said Njeliyanparamba trenching ground health inspector M K Vijayakumar.G Happy Kumar, deputy mayor of Thiruvananthapuram corporation, said that the team visited the plant as part of their measure to set up an effective waste disposal system in the 100 wards of the corporation. He said the visit is being carried out to adopt innovate ideas in the implementation of waste disposal which was in disarray in the Thiruvananthapuram corporation after the closure of Vilappilsala trenching ground.He said the team would visit other corporation and municipalities in the state. \"Our aim is to establish an effective waste disposal and segregation system in our corporation areas that would help us attain the goal of a garbage free city,\" said Kumar.Kozhikode: A delegation led by Thiruvananthapuram corporation mayor K Chandrika visited the Njeliyanparamba trenching ground on Sunday to study the waste disposal method adopted by the Kozhikode corporation and to take a look at the treatment plant.The team including Thiruvananthapuram deputy Mayor G Happy Kumar, various standing committee chairpersons, three executive engineers, UDF and LDF leaders accompanied the mayor Chandrika.The team paid visit to the trenching ground at 9 am and gathered detailed account on the method used by the city corporation to bring down the generated waste in the corporation limit from 150 tonnes to 50 tonnes.The team then inquired about the waste collection and segregation methods adopted . Njeliyamparamba trenching ground Health Inspector (HI) M K Vijayakumar gave a detailed account on the waste treatment method. He also said the civic body had succeeded in reducing the quantity of generated waste with the help of people. He said to the delegation that the marriage halls and hotels in the city are disposing waste themselves and the public who having own land disposing waste in their compound. The HI said that the civic body has been entrusted an agency to collect generated chicken waste. The team also inspected the waste treatment plant which is disposing the waste using windrow compositing method for the disposal of the waste.G Happy Kumar, deputy mayor of Thiruvananthapuram corporation said that the team visited the plant as part of our measure to set up an effective waste disposal system in the 100 wards of the corporation. He said the visit is being carried out to adopt innovate ideas in the implementation of waste disposal which is in disarray in the Thiruvananthapuram corporation after the closure of Vilappillshala trenching ground. He said hiring an agency to collect chicken waste is a new information to us and we felt its very interesting,''. He said they will give thrust to reduce the quantity of generated waste. He said the team will also visit other corporation and municipalities in the state where effective management of waste are being carried out. He said the team will also visit Pune to study the waste disposal methods. Our aim is to establish an effective waste disposal and segregation system in our corporation areas that would help us to attain the goal of a garbage free city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12325822", "title": "How Faceook keeps its R&D; cost low", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook Inc (FB) spends a smaller percentage of revenue on engineering than other Internet companies, mimicking Apple Inc's strategy of keeping costs low by relying on outside developers for research and development.Facebook devoted 10 per cent of its sales to R&D; spending last year, a fraction of the level of some other companies holding recent initial public offerings, including Zynga Inc and LinkedIn Corp. Facebook, the biggest social-networking service, is planning its own IPO this year.The company, known for its hacker culture and marathon coding sessions, has increasingly encouraged other companies to add features to its site. Lower expenses have given Facebook fatter profit margins than the typical prospective IPO, said Colin Gillis, an analyst with BGC Partners LP in New York . The challenge is maintaining that growth amid mounting competition from Google Inc and younger startups.\"They are robust margins to be coming out of the gate with,\" Gillis said. \"Typically what happens is a company goes public and investors like to see margin expansion.\" Facebook's profit margin in 2011 was 27 per cent, up from 19 per cent in 2010 and 16 per cent the previous year. That tops the 14 per cent average for companies in the Standard &amp; Poor's 500 Index.Room to grow?Excluding interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, Facebook's profit margin was 56 per cent last year. That doesn't give the company much room for improvement, Gillis said.Jonathan Thaw, a spokesman for Menlo Park , California-based Facebook, declined to comment. For now, Facebook is operating in the mold of Apple, the world's most valuable company. While Apple develops plenty of its own technology, it lets outside developers create the hundreds of thousands of apps that run on its iPhones and iPads .The approach keeps customers loyal to its hardware without R&D; eating up as much revenue. Apple devoted 1.6 percent of sales to research and development last quarter.\"We don't see any of the R&D; spend by the app developers in Apple's numbers, but we see it in the result of the innovativeness,\" said Ron Adner, an author and professor at Dartmouth College . \"Same thing with Facebook.\"In Facebook's case, developers such as Zynga carry much of the weight. Zynga, based in San Francisco , offers the most popular games on Facebook's site, including \"FarmVille,\" \"Mafia Wars\" and \"Words With Friends.\"Sales gainsFor both Facebook and Apple, the relatively small R&D; budgets stem in part from having booming sales. Facebook's revenue almost doubled to $3.71 billion last year after expanding more than 150 per cent the previous year. It's a challenge to hire enough engineers to keep pace with that growth, said Avi Goldfarb, a professor at the University of Toronto .\"It's a very complicated process,\" he said. \"R&D; is not something you can just throw money at and hope everything works out.\" Still, increasing competition for Internet users and advertisers may push Facebook into stepping up its research spending.The Google+ social-networking site, started last year, has attracted more than 100 million users. Google also is making gains in display advertising -- Facebook's main source of revenue. It's expected to take the lead from Facebook in the market for US display ads next year, according to research firm EMarketer Inc.Upstart rivalsTo keep up, Facebook may have to spend 15 percent of revenue on engineering, said Martin Pyykkonen, an analyst at Wedge Partners Corp in Greenwood Village, Colorado. Newer rivals could quickly emerge to challenge its supremacy in social networking, just as Facebook itself displaced MySpace , he said.Even so, Facebook's lower R&D; spending doesn't mean the company is underinvesting in future products, said Nate Elliott, an analyst with Forrester Research Inc in New York. Facebook has continued to roll out new products, including a revamped timeline feature for its profile pages and mobile services that let members show their locations.\"I would be more concerned if they weren't leading the social-media space in innovation,\" Elliott said. \"This is the social site that has done more than any other to introduce new features and new ways for consumers to interact with their property.\"And unlike Google, Facebook is dabbling in fewer projects that are far afield of its main business, Adner said. \"They're not out there coming up with driverless cars,\" he said. \"They're not out there coming up with solutions for solar energy. They're completely focused on their business. That probably increases the effectiveness of whatever spend we're seeing.\"Facebook's future research budget may hinge on the company getting a better idea of what areas it needs to focus on, said Sameet Sinha, an analyst with B. Riley &amp; Co. For example, if it decides to pursue e-commerce more aggressively, that would put it in more competition with Amazon.com Inc.\"Once they decide what's going on, what's going to be important for them, I think they will intensify their R&D; efforts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321217", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to help kids with disabilities", "text": "PUNE: The PCMC will bear the cost of surgeries required by at least 431 children who have some or other form of disabilities. These children were identified during a two-day health check-up camp, which concluded on Saturday.Dattatreya Khutwad, coordinator, inclusive education, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, in the municipal school board said the surgeries would be funded under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan scheme.He said all these children will also be given certificates of disability. Total 154 children with cerebral palsy were checked. Those with severe disabilities will be provided wheelchairs and crutches. Total 151 children with hearing impairment underwent audiometric tests and will be given hearing aids. About 126 visually-impaired children will get free spectacles.Surgeries need to be performed on 431 children. Khutwad said a pre-surgery check-up camp will be conducted by end of March for these childrenand surgeries will be performed in April-May. Meanwhile, a proposal will be sent to the municipal commissioner to get his approval for conducting the surgeries and bearing the expenses.He said the municipal school board sent letters to all civic and private schools in the city in August to seek information about children with disabilities. \"We also identify children who have disabilities and do not attend schools. Total 1,326 children in the age group up to 18 years were identified to be afflicted with some or other form of disability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12324118", "title": "City-based author hailed by Nepal President", "text": "INDORE: President of Nepal Ram Baran Yadav recently invited city-based author Manoj Thakkar for his book Kashi Marnanmukti based on story of its protagonist attaining heights of Lord Shiva (Pashupatinath).Yadav said, \"This book is world heritage in Indian Philosophy and Ganga-Yamuna culture. Pasupat philosophy and book on Kashi is symbol of cultural unity.\" He proposed United Works Corporation, the organization established by Thakkar for new projects in Nepal and promised to facilitate the same.Manoj Thakkar claims that this book is purely a grace and they are only chosen as medium to widespread this grace to its readers. In the orbital growth of this book it has widespread among its readers and philosophy lovers. He believes that the youth of our nation are rich in intellect and posses great energy but the direction of energy is not channelized. He says youth must have a fine balance between materialism and spiritualism which will help in enhancing their potential.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12322933", "title": "Nurses' strike gets political patronage", "text": "KOCHI: With the striking nurses of Lakeshore Hospital getting political patronage, the strike will take a new dimension from Monday. Youth wings of political parties such as DYFI, Yuvamorcha and SFI have come forward to support the agitators. On Sunday, these activists conducted a march near Lakeshore Hospital declaring their solidarity.According to DYFI district president P Vasudevan, the organization would support the striking nurses till the authorities accepted their demands.\"We are supporting the nurses' strike as they are fighting for a noble cause. We are demanding that the government and hospital management should 0start giving minimum wages to nurses as per the agreement,\" he said.An action council headed by a municipal councillor was formed by the political parties to support the striking nurses. The action council will also conduct a mass protest march on Tuesday morning in front the hospital.Meanwhile, nurses across the state observed Black Day on Sunday, , as per the call by United Nurses Association (UNA),in protest against the arrest of their colleagues by the police on Saturday. The nurses wore a black badge while attending regular duties. Nurses from Lakeshore Hospital who were arrested and released on Saturday continued their strike in front of the hospital.\"We will continue our strike until authorities accept the terms of agreement signed in the presence of labour minister. The state government should do something immediately to find a solution to the issue,\" said Beljo Elias, district president of United Nurses Association (UNA).From Monday, nurses from all hospitals in the district have threatened to take part in the protest declaring their solidarity with the striking nurses at Lakeshore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326283", "title": "Educating Young Minds", "text": "Father Adolfo Nicolas S J delivered a speech at XLRI on using education to transform societyJAMSHEDPUR: The superior general of Society of Jesus, Father Adolfo Nicolas S J delivered a thought-provoking lecture entitled 'Education for Transformation' at Tata Auditorium, XLRI, Jamshedpur on February 23. Corporate executives in the steel city, XLRI faculty, students and alumni, together with students of various Jesuit educational institutions attended the talk.Spanish Jesuit Father Nicolas spoke with deep insight about the spirituality of the East and West, the economic development, challenges and issues of wealthy and impoverished societies, and the concern over the relationship of the North and the South. He offered new insights and ways of thinking and acting to help shape a globalising world.At the outset of the lecture, Father Nicolas observed that the Jamshedpur Jesuit Society is inseparably bonded with the city, a bonding that made possible its service in development and education. He thanked the companies of Tata Sons and other industrial houses for their constant support and sought their continued co-operation in their future ventures.He recalled that it was at the invitation of TISCO that Father Quinn Enright established the Xavier Labour Relations Institute-the XLRI of today and made use of it to contribute to India a vast number of trained and qualified young business leaders.While discussing areas of common concern that unite humanity, he singled out important areas such as displacement of people, growing disparity between the haves and have-nots, erosion of fundamental values such as personal probity and culture excellence that define our people living here and decline in corporate governance. \"At present we are involved in formal and informal networks of schools that serve almost four million students in 70 countries of the world,\" he said.\"We believe that true education happens in freedom through interaction by being open to all cultures and learning from history,\" he added.Speaking on the Right to Education, Fr Nicolas said: \"I was very happy when I learnt that the Indian parliament had enacted a law declaring that education is a birth right of all citizens. We could say that the real birthright is 'Good Education'. From the very beginning, the institutions of the Society of Jesus were open to all who came to them for education. They did indeed have a pronounced preference for students from economically poor background.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12321876", "title": "Disabled OBCs get 10 shots at UPSC", "text": "CHENNAI: Disabled candidates from Other Backward Class communities are eligible for a maximum of 10 attempts as against the present permissible limit of seven attempts in UPSC examinations, the Madras high court has held.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice N Kirubakaran passed the order on a writ petition filed by a disabled candidate, M Selvakumar, who had cleared the preliminary exam in all his seven attempts. The UPSC declined to accept his candidature on the ground that he had exhausted all the attempts.Selvakumar moved HC pointing out that through a December 29, 2007, notification the UPSC gave three additional attempts to disabled candidates from the general category. As a result, from the earlier limit of four attempts, disabled general category candidates were permitted seven attempts to clear the UPSC exam.According to Selvakumar, the UPSC failed to extend a similar benefit to disabled candidates from OBC communities, who had to be content with their original eligibility of seven attempts. Calling it discriminatory, he wanted the UPSC to proportionately increase the maximum permissible attempts of OBC disabled candidates from the existing seven to 10.Justice Elipe Dharma Rao, writing the judgment for the bench and concurring with the submissions of Selvakumar, said: \"When the number of attempts has been increased from four to seven with respect to disabled candidates in the general category, and when there is no restriction with regard to the number of attempts for such candidates in SC/ST category, restricting the number of attempts to seven in respect of disabled candidates in the OBC community alone, is in violation of Article 14 (Right to Equality) of the Constitution. Therefore, we hold that the number of attempts of seven fixed for physically handicapped candidates in the OBC community is disproportionate to the number of attempts granted to physically handicapped candidates in the general category.\"Originally, open category candidates were allowed four attempts, whereas OBC students got seven attempts.The bench concluded that the action was \"arbitrary and prejudicial to the interest of the disabled candidates belonging to OBC communities\". They then held that Selvakumar, whose candidature in 2008 and 2009 were rejected by the UPSC, was entitled to get a relaxation in the number of attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "rishi nagar", "code": "12324078", "title": "Nikhil's song on Ludhiana a hit online", "text": "RISHI NAGAR: Most people can rattle off a thousand words about the pollution, dust, garbage and traffic in Ludhiana, but none of that matters to Nikhil Sabharwal of Rishi Nagar. To him, his home is the best place that can be and so he is singing its praises, quite literally.Nikhil has uploaded a self-composed song on YouTube Delhi jana na Mumbai jana, na main Kolkata jana main tan bas Ludhiana jana, Ludhiana oye Ludhiana. (I dont want to go to Delhi, Mumbai or Kolkata but I want to stay in Ludhiana) that is catching the attention of netizens.An administrator in Hearo Heart Dayanand Medical College and Hospital, Nikhil said, The song is about my love for Ludhiana. Despite all its negatives, I think those who are from here love the city for what it is. I was in hostel at Regional Engineering College (REC), Jalandhar and missed home a lot. My feelings were weighing heavy on me and so this song was born. I used to sing it to my friends,.The song mentions Clock Tower and other iconic places of the city where people gather and enjoy themselves, capturing the essence of a Ludhianvis life.I had uploaded the song on YouTube in early February and forgotten about it. Suddenly I started receiving calls from my friends saying that they liked the song and random people have also been commenting on it, he said, adding that someday he will record the song with proper music or even with a band and then upload it again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326894", "title": "Akshay's still a Dilliwala", "text": "Even though shooting has only brought Akshay Kumar to Delhi once in the last four years, the actor says he doesn't wait for that excuse to come to the capital.Akshay, who owns a house in Delhi's Chandni Chowk neighbourhood, says that even though \"Chandni Chowk to China\" is the last movie for which he'd shot in Delhi, he comes every month to the capital.\"This is where I was born and I always call myself a Delhiite. Bhale meri aamdani wahan (Mumbai) se hoti hai, par apne aap ko main Delhiite hee manta hoon. Mera jo bhes hai, khane ka tareeka, rehne ka tareeka, woh poora Delhi se milta julta hai.\" In fact, Akshay says that even though he has been living in Mumbai for decades now, he has tried very hard to maintain a 'Delhi lifestyle'.He says, \"It's not very difficult to maintain the same kind of lifestyle. Your heart needs to be in alignment. Dilli aur Mumbai ke logon mein koi zyada farak thodi hai. People there are more absorbed in their own lives, aur Dilli walon ko khaan peeen ka kaafi shauk rehta hai. Every time I come to the capital, I have this local dish called langodia. Hamse, Delhi walon ke liye koi diet naam ki cheez nahi hoti. Hum diet nahi karte. Hum wishwas hee nahi karte hai dieton pe.\" -- A drop of ink can make a million think -- A drop of ink can make a million think", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12328165", "title": "PM regrets departure of Dinesh Trivedi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Announcing the resignation of Dinesh Trivedi, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said he regretted the departure of the railway Mminister who had presented a budget which promised the \"vision\" outlined by his predecessor Mamata Banerjee .Singh, who was forced by the Trinamool Congress chief to remove Trivedi from the Cabinet after he proposed rail fare hike in the budget, said a new railway minister will be sworn in soon.\"I received late last night an email message followed by a formal letter from Dinesh Trivedi tendering his resignation as railway minister,\" the Prime Minister told the Lok Sabha while replying to the debate on Motion of Thanks to the President's Address. He said he would forward the letter to the President with the recommendation to accept the resignation.\"I regret the departure of Shri Trivedi,\" he observed.Singh said Trivedi had \"presented a Railway Budget that had promised to carry out the Vision 2020 outlined by his predecessor,\" apparently referring to Mamata. Banerjee had outlined the Vision 2020 two years back as a blueprint for modernising the railways. \"A new railway minister will be sworn in shortly. He will have the onerous duty of carrying forward the challenging task of modernising our railway system,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "12323680", "title": "Khaleda's son indicted in 2004 grenade attack", "text": "DHAKA: Former PM and opposition leader Khaleda Zia's \"fugitive\" elder son and 29 others were on Sunday indicted by a special Bangladeshi tribunal over a 2004 grenade attack on current PM Sheikh Hasina's rally that killed 24 people and injured her.\"Charges were framed as the allegations against them were proved primarily,\" judge Shahed Nuruddin of Dhaka's Speedy Trial Tribunal-1 pronounced , also indicting ex-junior minister for home Lutfuzzaman Babar besides Zia's son- Tarique Rahman- and 28 others, formally launching the trial of the case.The judge set March 28 for hearing the witnesses' testimony as several senior police and army intelligence officials were also found involved in the attack, said to be carried out by HuJI operatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12321182", "title": "Reason, logic must for a lawyer: Justice Jadhav", "text": "NAGPUR: Reason and logic are the two most important qualities in a lawyer, said justice Sadhana Jadhav of Bombay high court at the valedictory function of Kshan - Momenta-A-Vita, the national moot court festival of GH Raisoni Law School.\"Reason with yourself, logically view the realities of society around you, and then apply your knowledge of law,\" she told.Kshan saw 14 teams from various cities like Jodhpur, Kochi, Pune, Gandhinagar and Mumbai participating. The moot court festival is being organized for the last six years by GH Raisoni Law School, but this was the first time it has been done under the banner of Kshan. The festival kick off on March 16 and included a number of events, like group discussions, paper presentation and panel discussion. Along with academic events, the festival also saw programmes like 'The Carnival' and treasure hunt, which lightened the tense and serious atmosphere, and allowed participants to let their hair down.Principal Aruna Namballa said, \"Now we are citizens of the global economic world and we should work in our own small ways to make this world a better place to live. I hope all participants at Kshan go back with a new perspective, which was the main aim of this festival.\"Guest of honour advocate Ravindra Khapre said that in his times it was difficult to get the practical experience that the moot court competitions provide today.The team from National Law University, Jodhpur, comprising of Pranjal Mehta, Aabhas Kshetarpal and Mimansa Ambastha won the best team award. \"We were pleasantly surprised by the standard of the fest and the competition, since it was not organized by a national university. It was a really great experience,\" Mehta said.Justice Sadhana too applauded the talent exhibited by students and said she was impressed the way they handled the questions and problems put to them. She had just one complaint from the present generation. \"Now, very few people choose the traditional path of legal practice, and instead opt for corporate jobs. We should give something back to law,\" she said.The programme ended with a performance by students of Gitanjali Cultural Institute as a tribute to Rabindranath Tagore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12322749", "title": "State prepares action plan on climate change", "text": "Kolkata: The state will send its final draft on the action plan on climate change to the Centre in a few days. The plan includes the government's strategy to address the problems of rising levels of sea water to melting Himalayan glaciers.State environment secretary RPS Kahlon said the final draft plan had almost been prepared and was now to be submitted. \"After the submission of the final draft plan, the Centre will decide which funding agency, be it the World Bank or Asian Development Bank (ADB), to approach for executing the projects,\" Kahlon said.The environment department has been working on preparing the final draft of the state action plan on climate change for quite some time. All other states, too, are preparing similar drafts for submission to the Centre. All the drafts will then be compared and contrasted to form an integrated plan for the country.The Bengal plan will emphasize particularly on two most ecologically vulnerable areas - the Sunderbans mangrove forests in the coastal belt and the glacier belt in the Himalayan range. The Sunderbans has the world's largest tidal halophytic mangrove forests with 60% of it in Bangladesh and the remaining in West Bengal. According to environment activists, the mangrove forest was being seriously affected due to increasing global warming and climate change.Also, the glaciers of the Himalayas are very vulnerable to climate change. Scientists have been constantly warning about how global warming and climate change could hit the glaciers badly. The Energy &amp; Resources Institute (TERI) headed by RK Pachauri, who also heads the Nobel Prize-winning Intergovernmental Panel for Climate Change ( IPCC ), will soon submit its report to the Mamata Banerjee government on the impact of climate change on Bengal's coastal and hill areas.The draft plan will also deal with the impact of climate change on urban areas, with emphasis on Kolkata. A World Bank study, conducted earlier, identified Kolkata among Indian cities most vulnerable to climate change and global warming. The study cast a grim forecast for Kolkata by 2050 unless steps are taken from now.Areas in the city that could be worst hit by climate change lie in the eastern fringes of Tiljala, Topsia, Tangra, Baisnabghata and Patuli due to rapid real estate growth without improvement in civic amenities.Also, the environment department is working on an integrated coastal zone development plan for the coastal areas of Digha, Sankarpur and Mandarmani. This plan is to be executed with Asian Development Bank (ADB) funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12323537", "title": "They honk to awaken authorities", "text": "Mangalore: Jaago Mangalore Association will undertake a mass protest against bad roads in Dakshina Kannada on Friday. The campaign will be held in two places - entire Mangalore city and nearby places, and Yedapadav junction.The protest is being held with active cooperation of voluntary bodies and trade associations like Dakshina Kannada Autorickshaw Drivers Union, DK Bus Operators Association, Kanara Bus Owners Association, and others.The mass campaign aims at activating citizens and prompting the government to be more responsive to the needs of people. The association, appealing to all citizens to participate in the peaceful and lawful means of protest to improve the condition of the roads, observed that smooth and well-maintained roads are the pride of a locality.Yet most of the roads are in disrepair. The administrative process involved in repairing the roads is long and tedious.The protest includes honking horns of vehicles continuously and simultaneously to show citizens' strength and concern on main roads close to their houses or wherever they are at 6 pm by stopping their vehicle and all other vehicles plying on the road only for five minutes.The association demanded immediate action in terms of repair of damaged roads, change in road specifications - new roads should be maintained free for 15 years. Other demands include introduction of fast track procedures to provide relief to citizens, timely payment of bills so that contractors take interest, and sanction of sufficient budget to allow for alterations and improvements during road laying process.All citizens of Dakshina Kannada should get good roads for minimum 15 years.A study undertaken by the association found that there was no co-ordination between different government departments amounting to delay in budgeting and tendering.There is a lack of planning and non-payment of dues to contractors for long time leading to a lack of interest in them. Also poor quality of work and material, and poor schedule of rates discourage good contractors from taking up the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12323003", "title": "Regional Planning 2021 needs to be rectified, says Goa Bachao Abhiyan yet again", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA) has reiterated its position that the Regional Plan 2021 is not acceptable in its present form and that it needs rectification of errors and deletions of insertions not mandated in draft plan circulated to village bodies in October, 2008.This is especially with regard to eco-zones. In a press note, GBA also reiterated its demand of 'One Goa, One plan' with a single plan for entire Goa, merging all the outline development plan (ODP) areas too in the Regional Plan.During the preparation of RP 2021, people's participation and inputs were sought twice, once during its draft stage from October, 2008, to September, 2009, and later after corrections to the notified final RP 2021 were invited between November and December 2011. The inputs are documented.While the best method for re-visitation may be advised by the law department, the people wish that their efforts at participation over the last five years, through their panchayats and village-level committees be recognized, GBA stated.A series of agitations against mega projects and rampant destruction of eco-zones were seen due to the vague nature of the Regional Plan 2001, as it had no clear boundaries and survey numbers in its land use plan. It also permitted high FAR and did not have policies on protection of eco-zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322715", "title": "Dwarka cries for change, Resident Welfare Associations want 100% turnout", "text": "NEW DELHI: 'No Water No Vote' - this is the message the residents of Dwarka want to convey to the political parties. Deprived of basic civic amenities for years, residents of the fastest growing residential hub in the capital have decided to come out in large numbers to drive this point home. The joint front of Dwarka residents welfare associations - Dwarka Forum - has planned an extensive campaign to ensure 100% voter turnout in MCD polls in April.'Instead of Facebook, log onto EVM machine on April 15', 'It only takes an ink mark on finger to change the fate of your society', 'Remember overflowing garbage bins, dirty streets, burning leaves? Care about Dwarka, cast your vote' are some of the slogans that will be part of the poster campaign encouraging the voters.\"Political parties have neglected our most genuine demands. In the latest census, Dwarka has been called the fastest growing residential hub. But still we get pathetic facilities from the government. We were promised 15MGD (million gallon daily) water but we get only 3.5MGD,\" said Rejimon C K, president of the Dwarka Forum, which includes 300 CGHS societies and 55 RWAs of DDA flats.Residents also complain about lack of other civic amenities like sanitation. \"We can get things done only if we vote,'' stresses Rejimon. So the Dwarka Forum is drawing up an agenda that will be circulated among the candidates. \"The residents will decide the political, social, cultural, educational and health map of Dwarka. We are putting together a list of things we need in our area,'' said Rejimon. In Dwarka, each society and RWA will be given the task to identify volunteers who will maintain a list of residents who voted on the polling day.Like Dwarka, the RWAs in residential colonies in upscale areas of south Delhi are also trying to ensure 100% voter turnout. They are working on a campaign - Come out and vote - to encourage people to step out of their houses to cast their vote. In the MCD elections in 2007, less than 30% voters cast their votes in these areas. \"People living in these colonies demand the maximum civic facilities but they don't exercise their right to vote to elect the right corporator. We want people to vote,'' said Rajiv Kakria, member of the GK-I RWA who has planned an event on March 25 at India Gate to launch the campaign, which will be followed by different awareness drives.Never in the past, RWAs have taken such a keen interest in the municipal elections. The members are sharing ideas on emails and holding meetings to discuss possible options to implement the plan. \"This time, it is going to be a mass movement. We will ensure that residents of plotted areas come out in large numbers. RWAs are also working on a pledge, which will be given to all candidates who come to seek our votes. They have to sign on the pledge, only then will we listen to their manifesto,'' said Kakria.Pankaj Aggarwal, general secretary said, the Delhi RWAs Joint Front, \"We want good civic facilities as we pay so much tax. We are working on the concept of a model ward. Though the election commission is planning a voters' awareness campaign, we, too, will start a similar one in our areas. This time the excitement in RWAs is encouraging. People are looking for a change.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12324097", "title": "Expo offers brand-crazy city array of options", "text": "LUDHIANA: After giving citys shopaholics two days to indulge, an exhibition, The Superlative Show, ended at a hotel situated on Bhai Wali Chowk on Sunday.Offering many designer brands, the event saw Ludhianvis select from a wide variety of options.The exhibition was inaugurated by Rajni Bector, the director of Cremica, Manpreet Kaur, a gynaecologist at Deep Hospital and Indra Ahluwalia, the CMD of Grace Beauty Clinic.The exhibition had a wide range of stalls including those for designer clothes, jewellery, home decor products, accessories, garden furniture and accessories, trousseau packing and holiday packages. Those showcasing their collection belonged to as far as Pakistan. A stall by Ekjyot, a school for special children, displayed products made by these kids.Resident of BRS Nagar Kamalpreet Kaur said it was a one-stop shop and she had purchased items belonging to different states.Ghumar Mandis Anit Chopra said she had purchased Pakistani suits and was happy with her shopping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12323333", "title": "CBI may seek Dhurv's polygraph yet again", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) might seek local BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh's consent to carry out yet another lie detector test on him in connection with the killing of RTI activist Shehla Masood here last year, the agency sources said.\"I have no idea of this development. I will let you know tomorrow,\" a top Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) officer investigating Shehla murder case, told TOI.Singh, son of former MP chief minister Govind Narayan Singh, had already underwent polygraph test in Delhi last week. The CBI is considering another lie detector test after analysing his last week's statements during the polygraph test.\"CBI hasn't yet approached me for any test. I am open for any test because I am innocent. Ask the CBI officials about their plans,\" said a visibly annoyed BJP legislator.Singh is in a tight spot after Masood was shot dead in her car's driving seat minutes after she left her house in Koh-e-Fiza locality of the state capital to take part in a protest to lent support to anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare national campaign against corruption on August 16. The MLA has been grilled thrice in the past twice before the CBI claimed to have cracked the case last month.According to the investigation underway, Zaheda Parvez - the key conspirator in murder case was crazy about Singh and she with her local acquaintance - history sheeter Saqib Ali hired sharp shooters of Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh - Shanu and Irfan to bump off Shehla, who too was also close to the BJP MLA.Zaheda, her friend Saba Faruqui and Saqib were in judicial custody whereas Irfan was in CBI remand. Shanu has been killed in a gang war (unrelated to Shehla murder) in Kanpur last year.BoxIrfan is likely to undergo polygraph test on Monday in Delhi, CBI sources said. CBI is yet to recover the firearm; the sharp-shooter had used to put down the activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12326282", "title": "BJP announces candidates for RS polls from Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: The ruling BJP today announced the candidature of R Ramakrishna and Basavaraj Patil Sedam for Rajya Sabha elections from Karnataka.Ramakrishna, a retired bureaucrat, is the party's central election cell convener, while Sedam is a former President of the state unit, BJP sources said.The Congress has already nominated Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairperson, K Rahman Khan for the March 30 poll.Given their strength in the Legislative Assembly, which forms the electoral college, the BJP and the Congress can easily get their candidates elected.Today is the last day for filing nominations. JDS, with 26 MLAs, cannot get its nominee elected on its own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12323564", "title": "Madhya Pradesh government may recommend CBI probe into tiger deaths in Panna", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madya Pradesh government is likely to recommend a CBI probe into the alleged disappearance and poaching of wild cats from Panna Tiger Reserve based on a report submitted by sanctuary authorities.Sources said the report was submitted to the Madhya Pradesh government last month after a year-long follow up by the state administration and the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) with PTR over the issue.They said the report contained all necessary evidence and reasons for tiger deaths and their disappearance from the reserve, adding the State may recommend a CBI probe into at least three such cases between 2005 and 2009 in the PTR.\"The report has been submitted to the MP Forest department, which is carrying out discussions with the Home Department to decide on a CBI probe,\" a senior State government official said.Various social activists and wildlife experts had written to both the State and Central governments to constitute a CBI inquiry into cases of tiger death in PTR.Following the representations, the NTCA had a sought reply from the MP government in this regard early last year.According to another report by the Madhya Pradesh government, there was no tiger in Panna Reserve in the 2009 census carried out by the authorities there. The report says that there were about 20 tigers in 2006.Citing it as an example of 'fence eating the crop', the report strongly recommended a CBI probe into the alleged disappearance of the striped cats. (MORE) PTI AKV EKA SPC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322498", "title": "Green tribunal runs court from a guest house", "text": "NEW DELHI: The only recourse to any person across the country complaining of pollution or violation of environmental laws is to plead to the National Green Tribunal in Delhi. But the plight of the dysfunctional tribunal itself has gone unheard for more than a year.The tribunal was set up in October 2010 by the central government. The legislation debarred any civil court from hearing a plea against violations of environmental laws. The tribunal was to be manned by at least 10 judicial members and an equal number of expert members. The tribunal was to set up benches across the country.But a year and a half later, the tribunal is in a sorry state. There are only two judicial members and three expert members running the show. The tribunal runs from a guest house meant for forest officials and another office a bit further away. None of the members have got a place to stay. Some of them put up in rooms on the first floor of the same guest house that has been turned partly into a court room.The tribunal does not have a chairperson since the last one resigned in January for another job after a short stint. The current experts on board include a retired environment secretary who has to often recuse himself from cases which happened under his tenure. Yet, more forest and environment ministry officials are geared up to join.There is no registrar appointed so far even though this is the only court handling cases from all over India. The entire staff of the court is hired on an ad-hoc basis.The regional benches, which would have ensured people don't travel all the way to Delhi to file cases, are not functional either. The benches at Bhopal, Kolkata, Pune and Chennai have held only one hearing. They are worse off than the Delhi court.They do not have even a temporary place. The hearings have been held in various courts, offices of local authorities, even the office of the Zoological Survey of India. People have to still file cases at the Delhi office and not at the so-called regional benches.Petitioners have taken up the plight of the National Green Tribunal to the Supreme Court which has already expressed displeasure at the situation. The final orders are expected on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12323841", "title": "Blame cops, say pub owners", "text": "Pub owners at Sahara Mall allege that though their facilities are being targeted, the fault lies elsewhere. \"There was a time when I was proud of being a pub owner, but today I feel ashamed of telling others what I do because of the notoriety these places have gained,\" says a pub owner who doesn't want to be named.Why do incidents of crime always involve or are traced to some pub or the other?You have to understand that none of these incidents, including the recent gang rape, took place inside a pub or even the mall. Then why blame the pubs? If something is happening out on the roads, it's clearly the fault of the police.What about the allegation that your pub invites troublemakers?Troublemakers come to all pubs. This area happens to have many pubs, which are visited by many people from different walks of life. We do our best to stop those we think may cause trouble at the gate. But others have responsibility , too. We often come across people with firearms and we turn them away. If the mall security is tighter, and policing better, such things won't happen.There are women standing outside your pub. Are they employed or paid by the pub?Absolutely not. The labour department recently conducted a check here, and it didn't find any woman on our payroll. As for the women standing outside, we have no connection with them. All sorts of people come to pubs and we don't necessarily approve of everyone. We try our best to stop those we don't approve of at the gates.What are the steps you have taken after the recent spate of incidents of violence?We have started asking for the identity proof of everyone coming here. We will maintain an ID record of all visitors from now on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12323302", "title": "Youth run over by SUV for having affair with \u2018higher caste\u2019 girl", "text": "JAISALMER: Two men in an SUV crushed to death a 22-year-old youth belonging to a lower caste for having an affair with their sister in Barmer on Saturday. Such was their hatred towards the victim that the duo rammed their vehicle into his bike and ran it over him twice to ensure that he was dead. The youth's friend accompanying him was also killed.The youth, identified as Ghanshyam Singh, had eloped with the assailants' sister last year, but was later caught by the police. When he did not distance himself from the girl even after that, the two brothers killed him and his friend.Police said the incident took place in a village under Nagana police station area, some 20 km from the district headquarters.\"Ghanshyam was close to the sister of one Ajay Singh. He had eloped with the girl in June last year. When her family members lodged an FIR in the matter, the police traced the girl and the youth in Mount Abu. The girl was handed over to the family members,\" a police officer told TOI. While Ghanshyam was from a Rawana Rajput family, the girl belonged to Rajput caste.\"Ghanshyam continued seeing the girl even after that. The girl's brother Ajay Singh, her distant cousin Jethu Singh and other family members were quite annoyed over this,\" said Santosh Chalke, SP, Barmer. Ghanshyam was allegedly threatened of dire consequences by the girl's family from time to time, however, he kept ignoring the threats.He added, Ajay Singh and his friend Jethu Singh were going somewhere in a Scorpio car on Saturday, when they saw Ghanshyam and his friend on a bike in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12323892", "title": "Sin city no more: TOI plans campaign for women's safety", "text": "When It Comes To Security, The Millennium City Has Always Been Unfair To The Fair Sex. TOI Highlights The Plight of Being A Woman In Gurgaon Where Fear Lurks At NightThe pub worker who was gang raped last week in Gurgaon happens to be the mother of a threeyear-old boy. She is reportedly a single parent. At some point, when stories and scoops on that incident run out and people move on to other scandals to vent their outrage, Vineeta (name changed) will have to get back to work. Since she is not a highly educated woman, pubs and malls seem to be her only options. The trouble is there is no guarantee she may not be the victim of a sexual assault , or violence, again. For the foreseeable future, her life is likely to be guided by fears, not hope. There are lakhs of women working in the day time in the city. And over 15,000 at night. On a bad day, any one of them might prove to be Vineeta. To prevent that from happening , the city administration has to be doing a few things on war-footing . These include stepping up night policing , a more alert police force - if the policemen informed of Vineeta's kidnap had taken prompt action, she might have been spared the experience - a better-lit city, a civilized public transport system, a closer tab on entry and exit points in the city in relation to neighbouring states, and a conscious inculcation of a cosmopolitan culture that accepts working woman as a reality, not as an invitation for unilateral titillation and, worse, are all part of a new ambience that the city must work towards.It's self-destructive for a city to have plenty of loose money around, but not the legal and cultural values that may guide its use. Neither is in place if the rising crime rate and incidence of gender violence are any indication.Gurgaon is not just any other city. It is one with a great future: a shining frontier outpost of global capitalism , an experimental lab where private enterprise is more appreciated than most other places in India. Which other city can be said to be built up from the scratch by builders? And it is located in kissing-proximity to the capital. Over two lakh people from Delhi visit Gurgaon daily on work. Many of them have friends and relatives staying in Gurgaon. What happens in Gurgaon is therefore not limited to the city.That's why TOI is initiating \"Gurgaon Shamed\" , a week-long campaign, starting today, which will focus primarily on the safety of working women in the city, its night life, the general law and order situation, and what can be done to significantly improve the crumbling confidence of the residents in the administration, so Gurgaon realizes its great potential.We look forward to our readers' comments. Log on to gurgaonshamed .timesofindia.com and share your views on how to stop crime in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322140", "title": "High turnout in three state bypolls", "text": "NEW DELHI: By-elections in three states saw high voter turnout on Sunday. Barring minor incidents, the bypolls in seven assembly constituencies in Andhra Pradesh, Sankarankoil assembly constituency in Tamil Nadu and Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha seat in Karnataka went off peacefully.Proving political pandits wrong that scorching heat, India-Pakistan cricket match, marriages and other private functions could play spoilsport, all the seven constituencies of Andhra - six in Telangana -- recorded high percentage of voting. Kovur in Nellore district where YSR Congress is keen to prove a point or two witnessed 76% polling, while Kollapur where Jupally Krishna Rao wants to wave the Telangana flag high returned a poor 60% voting.Chief electoral officer Bhanwarlal said the polling was by and large incident-free. He said there were no requests for repoll from any of the returning officers. Women turned out in large numbers in Kamareddy, Station Ghanpur and Mahbubnagar as serpentine queues were seen outside polling booths. The sweltering heat did not deter them from casting their vote as they waited patiently. But compared to 2009 general elections (72%), Kamareddy recorded less voting (69%) this time around.The counting would be taken up on March 21. The by-elections to five constituencies were necessitated by the resignations of sitting MLAs in support of separate Telangana demand. In Mahbubnagar the sitting MLA died while in Kovur the sitting TDP MLA quit in protest against inclusion of YSR's name in the FIR.The voter turnout in excess of 68% Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll should make Karnataka chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda rest easy, as traditionally, this factor has worked to the BJP's advantage. But in Udupi-Chikmagalur constituencies, the arithmetic can be a little skewed, with a stronger opponent in the form of JD(S) candidate Bhoje Gowda.The fate of both national parties will depend on whose votes the JD(S) will split - minority votes of the Congress or Vokkaligas of the BJP.At the time of going to the press, the final vote percentage was not available. The coastal regions recorded a good turnout, indicating that both the BJP and Congress were well placed. But the difference could come in when the turnout in Sringeri and Mudigere is available, where the BJP is quite strong. The bright spot for BJP, however, was that local issues dominated, with the electorate unmindful of porngate or other scams.In Tamil Nadu's Sankarankoil by-election, the voter turnout was of 77.50%. AIADMK candidate S Muthuselvi said she would win the elections with a good margin as the people were impressed with the governance of chief minister J Jayalalithaa. DMK candidate Jawahar Suryakumar said the people were frustrated by AIADMK's poor administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325605", "title": "Bhaswar Chatterjee nervous for 'Naamte Naamte'", "text": "Actor Bhaswar Chatterjee was nervous on the sets for the first time in many years. Blame the scene where he had to get cozy with newcomer and fellow actor Sanchita in debutant director Rana Basu's film, \" Naamte Naamte\".Says the actor, \"I was scared before the scene but thanks to Roopadi (Ganguly), who is also part of the cast and Ranada, it was easy for us. Roopadi also helped Sanchita in all possible ways to make her feel comfortable in front of the camera. She kept telling her, 'Ei bhabe Bhaswar ke dhor. Body language ta erokom kor jaate natural laage' and so on. But after the shot Ranada told me that we passed with flying colours.\"The film is about a middle-class couple, played by Roopa Ganguly and Rajatava Dutta, and their daughter, played by Sanchita. Bhaswar, who plays Sanchita's private tutor, gets involved in a relationship with her. In Roopa's absence, one day, Bhaswar gets physical with Sanchita. Roopa comes back only to discover them together. The film takes a turn from there.\"Saswata Chatterjee plays a goon, which is an important role in \"NN\". The story of the film is based on author Dibyendu Palit's story, Trata, which throws light on how a middle-class family struggles to survive against all odds. I am happy to share screen space with Roopadi after 10 long years. She played my mother's role in \"Janmobhumi\",\" smiles Bhaswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326754", "title": "Will start work on a new project in June: Arun Vaidyanathan", "text": "This director is happy with making films at his own pace, and is slightly overwhelmed by the fact that people still remember his first and only feature film to date, Achchamundu Achchamundu, which saw the light of day three years ago.\"It was heartening to note that most of the college students still remembered my first feature film, which released in theatres almost three years ago, and asked me a lot of intelligent questions about film-making,\" he says, impressed.He also says that he consciously took a break after making his first feature film, to spend more time with his family.\"The process of making Achchamundu totally consumed me for a considerable period of time, so I took a year off after completing it and spent more time with my son,\" he says.The director also has words of praise for lead pair Prasanna and Sneha. \"Prasanna, Sneha and I became very good friends during the shooting of Achachamundu, and Prasanna is a fantastic actor without doubt. We share a very good understanding with each other, and he is a very sportive person, who would openly suggest which actor would best suit a certain role without being egoistical about it,\" he adds.Talking about his upcoming project, Arun says that he will start working on in June. \"I will commence work on the new project by the end of June, and have convinced two big actors to star in it,\" he says, refusing to divulge any more details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "karor (rohtak)", "code": "12322337", "title": "When homes turn into police posts", "text": "KAROR (ROHTAK): Notorious for a long-running gang war, this village located a few kilometres off NH-10 in Rohtak district has looked like a police garrison for the last 4-5 years. Some four dozen armed cops are always deployed here. Locals say at least 50 persons, including 4-5 women, from the village have been lodged in different jails. The women have been booked for illegally keeping weapons that were used by the menfolk to carry out murders.\"We don't want to take any risk. You have to be prepared for an attack anytime since the two gangs led by former sarpanch Shri Bhagwan and Anil alias Chippi would struck at will, even when their leaders were in jail,\" said a cop posted in the village.At least 40-50 houses are vacant as their owners have been killed or the properties have been forcibly possessed by the Shri Bhagwan gang. The village's police post occupies the vacant house of Dhwaja Ram who was allegedly killed by the Shri Bhagwan gang a few years ago.Although five of the seven brothers who made up the Shri Bhagwan gang have been killed by the rival Chippi gang, the village lives in fear. \"You come to know only when you hear someone has been shot dead. Shri Bhagwan's two brothers and several relatives are in jail. The war is not over yet,\" said a village elder.Shri Bhagwan and his brother Dilbagh were gunned down last week in Jhajjar when they were returning to Gurgaon's Bhondsi Jail in a police van.Locals in their 80s claim Karor was an idyllic village till 15 years ago. \"Our elders used to visit the adjoining villages to settle disputes. But we have lost that glory. The root of this gang war was Phool, Shri Bhagwan's brother,\" said a village elder who did not wish to be named.Phool used to sell milk in Delhi. Locals said he came in contact with criminals in the capital and started getting weapons. Then he started targeting the rich in the village and outside. \"He used to bring his prey here, and beat them up until his demands were met,\" said another villager in his late 70s.When Phool and his six brothers became a terror, another villager, Ram Niwas, was also powerful. The reasons for the two groups turning against each other are forgotten but the origin of the ongoing war can be traced back 10 years. \"Ram Niwas and his brother were killed outside Rohtak jail in 2002. Afraid for herself and her two sons - Anil (Chippi) and Somveer - Ram Niwas' widow Roshni Devi left the village with the boys. We have never seen them since that day,\" said one of the Niwas family's old neighbours.There are stories of Roshni taking the two boys to Sonepat and Delhi, where she stitched clothes to bring them up. Though Roshni wanted her boys to forget the past, Chippi reportedly had resolved to eliminate Shri Bhagwan's family. \"We can't blame Chippi. He was never like that. The terror of Shri Bhagwan forced him to resort to crime. Everyone in the village was fed up with their terror. Chippi is only doing justice,\" said a group of villagers TOI talked to.The news of Chippi turning gangster broke with the murder of Shri Bhagwan's two brothers and a nephew in the village. On Diwali in 2009, Shri Bhagwan's gang allegedly killed two women in the village - wife and aunt of one Rajesh, the present sarpanch. Thereafter, the gang was accused of killing Dhwaja Ram, who was a witness to Ram Niwas' murder. \"Fed up with their terror, the village supported one Puru to contest in the panchayat election against Shri Bhawan's brother Dilbagh. Both fought the polls from behind the bars. While Puru got over 1,400 votes, Dilbagh bagged only 6-7,\" said one of the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12323170", "title": "I will contest against Deve Gowda in Lok Sabha polls: Kheny", "text": "HUBLI: Industrialist and NICE chief Ashok Kheny plunged into active politics on Sunday by formally inaugurating his party, Karnataka Makkala Paksha.Speaking to mediapersons after inaugurating the party's office and KMP workers' convention at Ranibennur in Haveri, Kheny said he will contest against former Prime Minister and JD(S) leader H D Deve Gowda in the forthcoming Lok Sabha elections.He said he will contest from JD(S) stronghold Hassan and exuded confidence that he will defeat Gowda in his home turf. KMP party state president H B Nagendra Prasad, treasurer Babu Dammangi were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12323628", "title": "Obtaining a student visa", "text": "For those of you who have got admission into a college overseas, the next crucial step is obtaining a student visa. For US, the student visa process begins in May-June and for other countries it is around June-July. Though there is time, it is advisable to get your papers together so that there is no last-minute panic.The visa is your pathway to live your dream of studying abroad. And most students are understandably anxious whether they will be successful or not, but remember all a visa officer looks for is genuine students who have spent time deciding on which college/university to attend and how that school will help them meet their career goals. The officer ensures that the applicant can afford the tuition and other expenses and that the selected college/university and programme makes sense for the applicant.According to a spokesperson from the US Embassy, the visa officer evaluates whether the applicant intends to return to India. Every applicant is evaluated on an individual basis. That's why the US puts emphasis on the personal interview. Visa officers from all countries are unanimous in their advice to students - be honest and open.Another common concern among students is whether low scores in admission tests would work against them. Asks Sugata Pal, \"I have scored low in my SAT but I am applying for a fashion designing course in the US. Will this be a problem for me to get a student visa?\" Visa officers are aware that certain programmes do not require any standardised tests and admissions may be based on factors other than standardised test scores. Hence, having low test scores does not mean that your visa application will be denied.Though UK has made a few significant changes to the student visa, a spokesperson from the British High Commission reiterated that \"the visa rules are there to support genuine, high quality Indian students and the education institutions in which they wish to study.\"A few points to keep in mind when applying for a student visa to the UK:While applying for Tier 4 student visa, follow the current Tier 4 published guidance. For more, visit www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk. Ensure that your chosen UK education institution is on the Tier 4 sponsors' register when you apply and again when you leave for the UK. The sponsors' register is on the UKBA ( UK Border Agency ) website. If you are studying for a degree or a higher qualification at a university, you will need to be proficient in English language to B2 CEFR level, but your university will be able to assess your ability.Students who want to study in Schengen countries will have to check the visa requirements for the country they wish to study in. For example, students applying for a French Schengen visa must go through a mandatory interview, while students applying for a Spanish Schengen visa must have a PCC from the Passport Office in New Delhi. Detailed information on the visa process is available on the respective consulate websites.CHECKLISTThe visa application process has been outsourced and students have to apply through visa application centres.The general requirements for any student visa include:You must be a bona fide student intending to complete a full-time course of study at an accredited university or collegeYou must have sufficient funds to cover your entire education or you must be able to show a viable financial planYou must have strong ties to return back to your home country General documents that you would require include:Admission letter or I-20, CAS for UKOriginal passport, photographs and feesSEVIS fee receipt (US only)Visa application forms duly filled outProof of funding including Income Tax papersPast marksheets and degreesStandardised test scores sheets (if applicable)Any other document showing your financial stability Each year, the US Consulate opens special days and appointment slots when they interview student visa applicants. Some countries such as Australia and Canada may not have mandatory interviews for all applicants. Students will have to first submit their papers through the visa facilitation centres. Similarly, chances are that you won't be called for an interview to the British High Commission but you would need an appointment to visit the visa centre to provide biometrics. If you are planning to apply for a 'high tech' field such as chemical engineering or advanced quantum physics at the Master's or Doctorate level, there is a chance that your visa processing will take longer, especially if you are applying for a US visa. In such cases, special approval from the US is needed and, hence, applicants are advised to apply as early as possible. This does not mean that your visa interview will be more difficult, it simply means that it will take more time to approve your visa.Students planning to go to Canada should submit their application for a study permit by December 1 for the session beginning in January and by August 1 for the September session.Apply for your student visa in good time, fill out the application forms fully and honestly, and submit the correct documents. If you do this, the visa process should be straightforward.(Karan Gupta is overseas education consultant)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12323955", "title": "What is the Advanced Placement programme?", "text": "Judith Hegedus, executive director international initiatives, College Board , that conducts the Advanced Placement (AP) exams, talks to Aaditi Isaac, on how the programme helps students earn foreign university credits while still in schoolWhat is the Advanced Placement programme? It is an academic passport that comprises universitylevel courses and exams, which can be taken by secondary school students to prepare for university level study in 34 subjects. More than 18,000 schools in 115 countries offer the AP courses and exams, where students can take college-level courses while they are still in school. In fact, a student with an AP score may even get certain college-level courses waived later.How does it give students an edge? They are introduced to universitylevel core content, knowledge, and skills. The students also get a feel of US university education. They are better prepared for college, especially because they develop critical thinking skills through these courses as they promote inquiry and problem-solving and are available to be taught in an interdisciplinary mode. The final assessments are designed to measure how the students apply the knowledge and skills gained through the course. Apart from earning foreign university credits, students who have AP courses and exams on their academic transcripts tend to be more attractive candidates during the admission process. In addition to most universities in the United States , the AP scores and exams are also accepted by 100% of the universities in Canada and Germany. AP scores and exams are also accepted by most leading institutions in over 80 countries, including the UK and Australia.Who teaches the programme? The AP programme is taught by schools, which pick up subjects and allow their students to pick courses from the ones that are taught in the school. These courses are provided for free to the school by College Board. Students also have the flexibility to study independently and appear for the AP courses and exams at the nearest test centre. An example of resources available for students to independently prepare include a number of online courses approved by the College Board.Who offers the test in Delhi? Apart from USIEF-Delhi, students can register with MeritTrac whose Delhi centre is Modern Public SchoolWhat is an ideal score? For advanced college credit, a student should score 3 or above on a scale of 5. However, certain universities may ask for a higher score.Is there an age restriction? A student must be under 21 years of age at the time of the exam in order to take the exam.What is the format of the exam? The three-hour exam is offered in pencil and paper format. On an average, 50% of the test has multiple-choice questions and 50% of it has free response or essay type questions. It may vary slightly with the subject.How does one get the scores? The exam is conducted once a year in May for two weeks all over the world and students can get their scores in July. The exam fee is around $143 dollars, excluding the tax in the test centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322791", "title": "Sunny Sunday, hot days ahead: MeT office", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites enjoyed a hot Sunday with the mercury soaring to 35 degrees Celsius, six notches above the normal level. The sun shone brightly through the day and the humidity levels were high.The minimum temperature was recorded at 17.3 degrees Celsius, one notch above normal for this time of the season, the MeT office said, predicting hotter days ahead.Delhiites had been experiencing chilly and pleasant weather until the past few days with summer yet to arrive.The humidity levels on Sunday were between 37% and 81% and could further increase on Monday, the Met office said.The maximum and minimum temperatures on Monday are expected to be 37 and 18 degrees respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12323058", "title": "Faction feuds haunt IUML in Kasaragod, Koyilandy", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The woes of the IUML, which is facing factionalism in north Kerala, are far from over.The party's newly-elected Kasaragod district treasurer and former minister C T Ahamedali was waylaid by party workers when he went to receive the party national president and Union minister E Ahamed at the Kasaragod railway station on Sunday morning.The party workers, who were reportedly carrying stones in their hands, forced Ahamedali to return. He later told reporters that he cancelled the journey following protests but said he was not sure that it was the party workers who blocked him. He later visited Ahamed and held discussions at the government guest house.Meanwhile, IUML state president Panakkad Syed Hyderali Shihab Thangal has suspended five party workers from primary membership for trying to assault IUML state general secretaries E T Muhammad Basheer and K P A Majeed at Kasaragod on Saturday.The action was taken following the report from the district committee that the workers had sullied the party's image in public.The suspended party workers are municipal councillor Muhammad Kunhi, Hameed Badira, Noushad Thayalangadi, A A Azees and Mujeeb Thayalangadi.Discord is brewing among a section of party workers in Koyilandi who are irked by the suspension of three local leaders. A group of party workers took out a procession at Kappad carrying the effigy of the party district president P K K Bava on Saturday evening. They shouted slogans against Bava and district treasurer T T Ismail.The election to the Koyilandi mandalam committee held on February 22 was disrupted following serious disagreements.After that a section of the party workers blocked the leaders who came to attend the meeting at the League House in Kozhikode. The open revolt on Saturday against the district leadership has become a major headache for the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12323086", "title": "Incognito DGP finds beach security sloppy", "text": "PANAJI: Goa director general of police (DGP) Kishan Kumar on Sunday found police security on Goa's beaches lax as he went incognito to review the force's presence on the North Goa coastal belt.He walked for almost four hours on the beaches from Calangute to Keri and even hired a private boat at Arambol and went from Morjim to Keri on it. Sources said no one recognized the DGP who, minus his uniform, appeared like any other tourist on the beach.When contacted, Kumar said, \"I am concerned about the less security on the beaches and will call a meeting of my officers to review this. I will continue to go incognito on the beaches to ensure that there is adequate police presence there.\"Goa's beaches attract a large number of foreign and Indian tourists.Kumar has been emphasizing on the need to improve security on the beaches and at places of religious importance, besides asking police station in charges to revive police-community relations by being helpful and sympathetic to people seeking police help.\"The DGP has been emphasizing that police need to revive its local intelligence and reconnect with the locals to gather better and effective information,\" sources said.This is not the first time Kumar has walked on the streets and beaches to assess the situation. During the New Year celebrations, he moved around incognito at midnight to check on police presence on the streets in North Goa's coastal belt. During the assembly elections he went to sensitive polling booths to check whether police were ensuring a free and fair election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12323497", "title": "Black flags shown to MLA Dhruv", "text": "BHOPAL: In yet another embarrassing moment for BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh, a group of people staged black flag demonstration during the general body meeting of Bhopal Divisional Cricket Association (BDCA) here on Sunday. Dhruv, who is under CBI scanner in connection with RTI activist Shehla Masood's murder case, is the president of the BDCA.The incident took place when the legislator reached Motel Shiraz to participate in the meeting.When asked, senior vice-president of BDCA, Aruneshwar SInghdeo said that he had no idea about the incident. \"I reached the meeting venue half an hour late. I have no idea about the incident but people were talking about the black flag shown to Dhruv,\" Singhdeo said, adding those who allegedly showed black flags to the MLA did not have anything to do with cricket.According to sources, members of a group with the name 'Cricket Bachao Morcha' raised slogans against BJP MLA. \"They were demanding the resignation of Dhruv Narayan Singh from the BDCA,\" sources said.On being asked, BDCA vice-president Hamidullah Khan said that the general meeting was called to discuss routine issues of the association.\"The meeting was attended by both BDCA chairman Arif Aqueel and President Dhruv Narayan Singh and other office bearers. The incident took place outside the meeting venue, and it had nothing to do with cricket,\" Khan said.The present body has completed its tenure. The fresh date of BDCA elections will be announced soon, Khan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12328265", "title": "Odisha abduction: Maoists demand ban on tourists in tribal belts", "text": "KOLKATA: The Maoists have accused their two Italian abductees of denigrating the tribal population and demanded an immediate ban on the entry of tourists and foreign visitors in the tribal belts of Odisha.The guerrilla group abducted two Italians- Bosusco Paolo, 55, a tour operator who has been living in Puri intermittently for almost 15 years and Claudio Colangelo, 60 who had gone to Daringibadi hill station a week ago, along with two local guides in the tribal dominated Kandhamal-Ganjam region in Odisha.Though the red brigade set March 18 as the deadline for the government to comply with its demands, the negotiations, reportedly, are still on.In their charter of demands, signed by Sunil, the secretary of the state Maoist party alleged that Bosusco Paolo had been exploiting the tribal belt for his own benefit. The Maoists alleged that Paolo and his aides treated tribal people like animals. The Left wing terrorists said that they had taken the Italians into their custody to stop \"human safari\".Sources said that the Maoists had been following Paolo's movement in the region for a while. Paolo was a frequent visitor in the tribal villages of Kandhmal bordering Ganjam district and he would inform about his journey to some of his local contacts who perhaps leaked it to the rebel brigade.In their charter, the rebels demanded the release of the tribal activists who were arrested either during anti-land acquisition movements against POSCO and Vedanta, or for their alleged links with the Maoists. The charter comprises the expected demands like the withdrawal of security forces from forests and the release of their arrested leaders including Sujata, wife of Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda.The demands suggest that the Maoists are in a bid to strengthen the tribal support base by raising their demands. Though their official deadline is over, their letter hinted at keeping the channels of dialogue open.Sources said the Odisha state government was already in touch with a mediator to continue the negotiation and the Maoists confirmed that both the hostages were safe.The hostage crisis has already forced the state government to suspend counter-insurgency operations against the Maoists. The Maoists are now pressurizing the government to open a safe passage for the Maoists before taking the negotiations forward. Sources said that till this evening, the government was expecting concrete points of discussion from the Maoist camp.Sources said that till this evening, the government was expecting concrete points of discussion from the Maoist camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12323473", "title": "Making rounds of the city end up with 32nd rank", "text": "BHOPAL: On a sultry Sunday morning, when you want to be tucked into bed and sleep late, you are up and about by 6.30 in the morning. That is what being a part of a women's car rally for the first time, held on Sunday, entailed.Being one of a four member team comprising a driver, a navigator and another friend, the motley team arrived at Green Woods at 7.15 am. This was from where the rally was set to be flagged off.Scheduled for 8.30 am, being one of the early birds had its own advantage as our team was given no 3 position which meant our car would be flagged off third.After the customary introduction and briefing of guidelines by the sponsors and organizers we geared up for the 35-km stretch. A route map was handed over to each of the team. Amidst cheers, as our team was flagged off, our navigator - a fourth year law student- took over and started decoding the map, guiding the driver of the team, a spunky 40-year-old.We were also handed a questionnaire which was to be solved and handed over at the next checkpoint. My friend and I were given the charge. Since this was a TSD (time, speed, distance) format, each checkpoint known as 'traffic control' or TC had to be covered in a given time with a designated speed. There were three such TCs. There were also two 'passage control' or PCs which were there to ensure that the teams were on the right track.Initially our team was on the right track, but soon an error of judgement took us on the wrong road in the Old Bhopal area, throwing us off track.After much ado brainstorming, our navigator finally had a brainwave which put us back on track. But, by then we had lost precious time and our driver was unnerved. However, our navigator quickly regained her composure and was back to her zesty self.The route was a serpentine one which went around the mall through the Old City, mall at Board Office, BHEL, Habibganj Naka, 1100 quarters Hanuman Mandir, Excellence College and finally back to Green Woods.By the time we finished we realized that the initial set back had cost us dear. Our team was placed 32nd at the Women's Car Rally organised by Association of Convent Ex-Student (ACES). But caked in sweat and dust after an hour and a half roundabout trip of the city, it was an experience in itself. A Sunday well spent.Winners1st - Himanshi Lalchandani, Car no 472nd - Reema Makhija, Car no 453rd- Ashita Arora, Car no 12Special Prize - Madhu Kumar and team who were all 60 plus", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12323951", "title": "Stage dance troupes on the decline", "text": "MADURAI: Every time you visit festivals held at places such as temples, on occasions of marriage, ear boring or political extravaganzas in rural areas of Tamil Nadu , you might easily have stumbled upon dance troupes performing to songs of old movie stars such as MGR, Sivaji Ganesan and Nagesh. But of late, the culture is waning due to stringent action initiated by revenue and police authorities on the ground that such activity in public is \"obscene\". The denial of permission to conduct such shows has been dampening the sprits of villagers and organisers who seek to invite such dance troupes to perform at their places regularly. Repeated denial of permission for such shows is rendering artists jobless.Originally, these troupes were formed to conduct dance dramas (Theru Koothu). Later, as the days went on, they were remodelled as dance troupes in order to accommodate latest cultural trends.K Ranjith Kumar (47), the owner of Mr Miranda Dance group and president of the Southern District Stage Dance Artists Welfare Association, told The Times of India that, \"We all started 30 years ago. In Madurai alone, around 1,500 men and women are living because of being part of 100 dance troupes. In all southern districts of the state, there are more than 5,000 people who are dependent on the profession. But of late, the police and the district authorities have been preventing us to perform, citing it as an obscenity. However, we have been staging our programmes without any obscenity\".Each dance group consists of at least 25 members who earn at least Rs 25,000 per programme during festival time. The festival season normally last only for six months.Ranjith Kumar further added that they had even performed in Singapore, Malaysia, Bangalore and Mumbai from where they had got great appreciation. \"Hurdles began a couple of years ago. Whenever the police or revenue authorities denied permission for such events, the organisers especially villagers in turn would approach the high court seeking permission. After spending a few thousand rupees towards legal fees, they managed to get permission anyhow. Of late, as they were pushed to incur extra income, we were not invited by them,\" he said.AM Sulaiman Sait of Abinaya dance group said even college students participated in their troupe and absolutely no obscene activity was being carried on. It was arbitrary to deny permission for shows. Rarely one or two dance troupes performed obscene things from other districts. Based on that, the police should not impose a blanket ban. \"Though we urge the authorities to arrest those involved in obscene activity, instead, they deny permission to us as a whole,\" he added.He also said, \"When we approached the district police, they told us to go to the revenue authorities. We knocked every avenue to get relief. But no response was forthcoming. That is why we are observing a fast on Monday to draw the attention of the authority. If we miss the season in April, May and June, we cannot earn much later. We will be pushed to further penury as a result. Many families who stick to the profession have no other go except to dance and earn.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12322108", "title": "Solanki back in his seat as estate officer", "text": "GURGAON: Armed with a Punjab and Haryana high court order staying his transfer, Mukesh Solanki rejoined as estate officer in estate office 2 (EO 2) Gurgaon on Friday (March 16).Solanki was earlier unceremoniously transferred from there following differences with HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar. Solanki and the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , had a heated argument last month following which the former went on leave. The office was locked by Solanki and sealed by the HUDA administrator. \"I have resumed work after the court order that stayed my transfer. I am not against anyone and am just fighting for my rights,\" said Solanki on Friday.Solanki had been transferred to Hisar as SDM Barwala but instead of reporting for work, he extended his leave. According to HUDA officials, Solanki fell out with the administrator because he had submitted a misleading report to Punjab and Haryana high court which paved the way for handing over a lucrative parking site at Sector 29 to a private contractor. After Solanki went on leave the EO 1, Narender Yadav, HCS, was given additional charge of the EO 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323250", "title": "In deep bog, city ignores offer of help", "text": "CHENNAI: Corporation of Chennai's 2,922 crore budget does not have any provision for new public toilets or maintenance of existing ones, especially in the newly included areas of the city.Chennai has a population of 4.6 million but only 714 public toilets, or one toilet to 6,442 people. Most existing public toilets are too filthy or rundown to be used. In contrast, Singapore has 60,000 public toilets and a population of 5.1 million, a ratio of 1:85. Shanghai has a public toilet every 300 metres.Relief appeared to be on hand for people in the city, with NGO Sulabh International informing the corporation that it is ready to construct 500-1,000 toilets across the city on a design, build, operate and transfer (DBOT) basis. But the civic body did not bother to respond to Sulabh's proposal.When contacted, mayor Saidai Duraisamy said the corporation welcomed Sulabh's suggestion. But, he added, \"Some organizations have approached us with similar proposals. But a final decision on the issue will be announced after discussing the matter with officials concerned.\"When TOI contacted J K Jha, deputy controller of Sulabh International, which has constructed toilet complexes across the country and maintained 450 toilets under the Chennai corporation until 2007, he said the company is ready to construct and maintain as many toilets as the civic body needs.\"But there has been no response from the corporation. We constructed 325 public toilets across the state but many of these have been poorly maintained,\" Jha said, adding that Sulabh had recently constructed three toilet complexes in Ambattur.\"There are only few public toilets in the city. But the city needs many more toilets because of the expansion of the corporation limits,\" said Jha, noting that a 2009-10 survey by the Union ministry of urban development on sanitation and hygiene standards gave Chennai just 53 points out of 100.Former corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan last September said a survey would be conducted across the city to construct new toilets and said the civic body planned to build special toilets for the physically challenged in 30 places in the city. Nothing came of the announcements.\"If the corporation agrees, we will construct 500-1,000 public toilets across the city and also maintain them,\" Jha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "12323966", "title": "Esha stitches a different path", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Esha Gupta, 24, makes a great impression when she introduces herself as the managing partner of Ablaze Studio, a fashion studio in the city. But she is quick to say it has not been easy to reach thus far and it is also not where her journey stops.Daughter of a hosiery businessman, Esha said nobody from her family had ever ventured into fashion designing but thats where she wanted to make a mark. My father Sanjay Gupta is handling our ancestral family business while my mother Meenu is a homemaker. I didnt want to join the family business and always thought of doing different, so here I am, said Esha, who studied from Sacred Heart Convent, Sarabha Nagar and then did a three-year diploma in fashion designing. Around the same time Esha also enrolled in Panjab University for correspondence in BA.After completing my bachelors and diploma I started working with a fashion studio where I remained for some years. Two-and-a-half-years ago I joined Ablaze as managing partner. Though I am happy working here at some point I would love to start an independent venture, said Esha, who specializes in Indian wedding wear and has designed more than 100 wedding dresses.I receive maximum support from my parents, my younger sister Tanya and brother Aditya. My colleagues at Ablaze also urge me to do better, she said.Far from upset that their daughter has chosen her own path, Sanjay and Meenu said they are happy that she is making a mark. We are proud of her, Sanjay added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12328263", "title": "Kudankulam N-plant: Jayalalithaa government gives go ahead", "text": "CHENNAI: Preparing for a showdown with the anti-Kudankulam agitators, the state government on Monday gave its nod to commission the plant.A decision to this effect was taken in the state Cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister J Jayalalithaa. The Cabinet accepted the report submitted by the state-appointed experts' committee headed by former chairman of Atomic Energy Commission, MR Srinivasan, which said the plant is safe.With a view to placating the fishermen community and the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE), the forum that is spearheading the agitation, the government also decided to allocate Rs 500 crore for carrying out various welfare schemes for the betterment of the people in Kudankulam and nearby fishermen villages.Meanwhile, heavy police force with a battery of senior officials has been deployed in Kudankulam region since Sunday night. Tamil Nadu south zone IG Rajesh Das, Tirunelveli range DIG V Varadaraju and 12 superintendents of police, drawn from all over southern districts are camping at Kudankulam. Twelve police check posts have been set up in the southern coastal belt and the level of preparedness for the show down with the agitating fishermen can be gauged from the fact that each of these check posts is headed by an SP level official.While the Cabinet meeting was progressing in Chennai, police arrested nine persons from Kudankulam including S Sivasubramanian, one of the PMANE activists who met Jayalalithaa for talks in Chennai earlier this month.Following the arrests, the fishermen community gathered in large numbers at Idinthakarai village, where a relay fast has been going on for more than six months. SP Udayakumar, convenor of PMANE, has started a fast unto death demanding the release of the nine activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12323235", "title": "FIR against four for abducting, raping girl", "text": "KANPUR: A 15-year-old girl hailing from Madarpur village under Shivli Kotwali police station limits was allegedly held captive and raped by three youths, police said on Saturday.The victim was allegedly abducted on March 3 when she had gone to nearby fields. Her family members alleged that the same day, the girl was spotted with one Shanti Devi, wife of Shivpal, a resident of the same village.Later, the woman took her to Maitha railway station and handed her over to three youths, identified as Manoj, Rinku and Sanjay, they said. The trio sexually exploiting her and then dumped her on the outskirts of the village on March 16 and fled, the kin added.The girl later apprised the police that the accused had taken her to Etawah, Faridabad and several other places and gang-raped her. \"During day time, the accused used to sedate her by injecting drugs, and during night, they used to rape her. The youths have been indulging in this barbaric act for the last 12 days,\" police sources said.The girl's family members lodged an FIR with the Shivli Kotwali police station in this connection. The Shivli police said that the complainant named Shanti Devi and three accused - Manoj, Rinku and Sanjay - in the FIR. Raids are being conducted to arrest the accused. The girl was taken to the district headquarters' hospital for medical treatment.Some women groups have demanded stringent punishment for the rapists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12323740", "title": "Absent-minded kids more intelligent", "text": "LONDON: Is your child absentminded ? You should feel happy , for a new study says that it may well be a sign that the kid is intelligent. Researchers have found that children who have wandering minds actually have sharper brains - in fact, those who are constantly distracted are able to hold far more information than their diligent peers.The study has shown that those who appear to be constantly distracted have more \"working memory\" , giving them the ability to do two things at the same time, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Participants in the study had to either press a button in response to the appearance of a certain letter on a screen, or tap in time with their breath. The researchers checked periodically to ask if their minds were wandering. At the end, they measured the participants' working memory capacity, giving them a score for their ability to remember a series of letters interspersed with easy maths questions. Daniel Levinson of University of Wisconsin-Madison , who led the study, said those with higher working memory capacity reported \"more mind wandering during the simple tasks\" even though their performance was not compromised.The results are the first to show the association with mind wandering and intelligence . It is thought the extra mental workspace is used, for instance, when adding up two spoken numbers without being able to write them down. Its capacity has been associated with general measures of intelligence, like reading comprehension, IQ score.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "saharsa", "code": "12323496", "title": "Saharsa-Patna train service begins, finally", "text": "SAHARSA: The year-long wait, after its announcement in the 2011-12 rail budget, the superfast Rajrani Express between Saharsa and Patna, finally chugged out from Saharsa on Saturday.NDA convenor and JD(U) MP Sharad Yadav flagged off the train which will bring the commuters from the districts of Saharsa, Madhepura and Supaul closer to the state capital. Besides, Bihar ministers Sunil Kumar Pintu and Jitan Ram Manjhi and Dinesh Chandra Yadav, MP, and MLA Alok Ranjan, Samastipur DRM Satya Prakash Dwivedi, Saharsa DM and SP were at the platform when a decorated Rajrani Express rolled out with its first passengers on Saturday. The Rajrani Express will cover the distance between Saharsa and Patna in four hours, according to Samastipur senior DCM Samir Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12323474", "title": "Kirori Lal Meena stopped from entering Udaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Dausa MP Kirori Lal Meena was disallowed from entering Udaipur district on Sunday by police. Meena was on his way to the district to join the protesters from ST communities demanding a minimum percentage to appear in Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET) exam.Claiming that Meena was trying to create ruckus by joining the protesters, Udaipur police stopped him at Kharwada village in the district on National Highway no 8 in the evening. He was put under preventive detention for some time and later MP was asked the go away from the Udaipur district limits.At least 1,000 aspirants belonging to the ST community were protesting against Rajasthan Public Service Commission ( RPSC) for not allowing the ST students getting 36 per cent marks to appear for TET exam.Last year, Meena was arrested by Udaipur police after he was at loggerheads with police when he had gone to participate in a protest rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12322627", "title": "Lakshman Seth in Kolkata, to be grilled on police role", "text": "Kolkata: The arrest of Haldia strongman and former CPM MP Lakshman Seth and two other CPM leaders Asoke Guria and Amiya Sau from Mumbai on Saturday in connection with the November 2007 Nandigram recapture bid, may turn the spotlight on glaring police lapses which led to the incident.For, among the allegations CID needs to find out from Seth is how much did he influence police to effect Operation Surjyoday. Till now, only four officers - the then Nandigram OC, Mahisadal's circle inspector, Haldia SDPO and East Midnapore SP - have been questioned but CID is soft-pedalling on the superior officers they had named.CID's January 30 chargesheet against 88 people, including Seth, bears out the fact that the armed clashes took place only after a police picket in the all-crucial Tekkhali Bridge, separating the CPM-controlled Khejuri and BUPC-dominated Nandigram, was withdrawn on November 6, 2007, four days before the attack. There was also a police outpost, manned by an officer and eight constables from Nandigram police station, who were not deployed on November 10, 2007 - the day CPM armed cadres attacked two BUPC rallies. The attacks took place between 12pm and 1pm, while the cops left Nandigram PS at 2.05pm.While Seth and other CPM leaders had allegedly chalked out plans for the armed attack and might had a hand in the subsequent killings, police - the chargesheet clearly said - had played the role of a facilitator. Not just removal of the police pickets, the manner in which nearly 450 BUPC supporters were \"abducted\" before being brought to Khejuri and made to sign undertakings that they've joined CPM was actually investigated by the then Khejuri police station OC on that day itself. Hours after the Khejuri OC left and reported that these people \"had joined CPM by their own accord\", six were held hostage, murdered and their bodies were dumped off the Haldi river. These facts are borne out in several statements made to police and judicial magistrate (under 161 and 164 CrPC) by witnesses.\"We are hopeful that Seth's arrest will help CID to unravel the truth. We think the CID had filed a supplementary chargesheet later based on this. However, it is also imperative that the role of police officers be properly investigated and established. That the police picket was removed forcibly is a matter of record, for the then Nandigram OC had made a general dairy in this aspect in his police station. While senior CPM leaders did hatch the plan, police - close to them - helped effect it,\" said Tamluk MP Subhendu Adhikari, who was at the forefront of the Nandigram agitation. DGP, CID, VV Thambi said: \"This can't be discussed with the media.\"The Nandigram police station GDE on November 6, 2007 by none other than the Nandigram OC Champak Roy Chowdhury detailed who had ordered police to remove the picket in Tekhali bridge just four days before a CPM-led recapture bid. It is believed that Chowdhury had to pay the price for the reported \"insubordination\" and was transferred to Lalgarh police station as a sub-inspector exactly 15 days after filing the GDE. What Chowdhury told CID also found resonance in the former East Midnapore police superintendent S S Panda's statement during CID interrogation. The orders had come from the top.In September, 2011, the kin of Bhagirath Maity, Satyen Goal, Balaram Singh, Subal Majhi, Narayan Das and Aditya Bera had moved a habeas corpus petition in the Calcutta High Court. Senior criminal lawyer Sekhar Basu had argued in court that initially only the abduction charge was probed (by local police). \"Now, it is known that the victims were murdered. Abduction for murder is a far serious offence,\" Basu said. The court then ordered a CID probe. The matter is still being heard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12323788", "title": "MPs to decide on future of Pak ties with US", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A joint session of Pakistan's parliament has been convened on Tuesday to debate and frame new terms of engagement with the US in wake of the strained ties between the two allies. The senate and the national assembly will convene at 11am on Tuesday to complete a parliamentary review of Pakistan-US ties that was ordered by prime minister Yousaf Raza Gilani following the cross-border Nato air strike that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers in November.The joint sitting of parliament , convened by president Asif Ali Zardari on Sunday, is expected to last for three days and could be held behind close doors as sensitive security and foreign policy issues will be discussed, official sources said.However, a final decision on modalities for the session will be made when the business advisory committee of parliament meets on Monday , the sources said. Senior military officials including Ashfaq Parvez Kayani and ISI chief are expected to participate in the session.Ties between Pakistan and the US were severely affected by several crises last year, including the gunning down of two Pakistani men by CIA contractor Raymond Davis and the killing of al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden in a raid by US special forces in Abbottabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12324024", "title": "Rebels ready to walk out of party", "text": "BANGALORE: Supporters of Yeddyurappa gave enough indications about their intentions of walking out of the party if the situation warranted.\"The party high command had promised to reinstate him as the CM after he came clean in the mining case. Now that the high court has quashed the FIR against him, he should be made the CM. Party bosses should convene the legislature party meeting within 24 hours and get him elected as the leader,\" Udasi said.As per the present plan, all these MLAs will stay in the resort until the party high command makes its stand clear on Yeddyurappa's reinstatement. They have also decided to boycott the budget session, if the situation demands . \"This is a do-or-die battle,'' said former minister Hartal Halappa.These developments masked the 59th birthday celebrations of CM Sadananda Gowda. The CM sought the blessings of Sri Shivakumara Swamiji of Siddaganga Mutt and Balagangadharanatha Swamiji of Adi Chunchanagiri Mutt.Gowda got a shot in the arm with Balagangadharanatha Swamy saying: \"He is being targeted because he is a Vokkaliga. Other forces are trying to dethrone him.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12322236", "title": "Vatika City residents up in arms", "text": "GURGAON: The residents of Vatika City on Saturday protested against the builder over his unfulfilled promises. Bemoaning the lack of adequate security arrangements in the society, they held a protest march on Saturday morning outside the housing complex on Sohna Road.More than 100 residents of the upscale society gathered at 10am outside their complex and held a demonstration against the builder for not providing facilities that were promised at the time of sale of the apartments.Owners and residents of Vatika City were extremely frustrated with the builder over some serious issues like thefts, hooliganism, molestations, vehicular accidents, entry by unruly elements, indifference towards issues and complaints, and lack of facilities promised when the apartments were sold.Vikas Gupta, general secretary of the Apartment Buyers Association of Vatika City, said, \"We have not seen any improvement after several complains filed by the residents related to security, environment and other issues. We never received any proper reply from the maintenance agency on our issues. The maintenance charges have been hiked two times, the last hike being in November 2011 at about 38% but still the security conditions have only been deteriorating in Vatika City.\"The protesting residents claimed that the building operations staff were insensitive to the issues in question and the leadership team was least bothered and hence the protest against the developer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326405", "title": "SAT Reckoner", "text": "Zafeena Suresh, adviser and manager, standardised tests, USIEF, talks to Diptiman Dewan on on the SAT, scoring pattern, duration, practice aides, and acceptance worldwideQ- What are SAT and SAT Subject Tests?SAT is a standardised test that is a measure of college readiness used in the admission process by nearly all colleges and universities in the US. SAT tests a students' reading, mathematics and writing skills and the knowledge they acquire during high school. However, the nature of questions asked on the SAT may differ from the curriculum taught in India and therefore, a prospective test taker should become familiar with the test structure and pattern. The SAT Subject Test assesses a students' knowledge and skills across five subject areas - history and social studies, mathematics, sciences, English and languages. Students use SAT Subject Test scores to enhance their application by showing proficiency in subjects that interest them.SAT and SAT subject tests are both conducted by College Board, a not for profit organisation based in the US.Q- How many times in the year is the SAT held? Where can one write the SAT?The SAT and SAT Subject Tests are offered in over 175 countries outside the US and students can choose from one of the 1000 test centres across the world. Students can check for the available test dates and register on http://sat.collegeboard.org/registerUSIEF is a test centre for SAT and students may get in touch with advisors at USIEF for more information.Q- Is SAT an online test? How can one register for it?SAT I is a paper based test taken at registered, College Board approved test centres across the world.International students can register for the SAT in any of three ways, as below:1. Online: http://sat.collegeboard.org/register (payment through credit card) 2. By mail: with a copy of The Paper Registration Guide for the SAT and the SAT Subject Tests, which should be available at their school/test centres such as the USIEF 3. If the last date for registration has passed, students have the option of being a standby at a test centre, and subject to availability of seats and test materials, can appear for the testQ- What is the duration of the test?The duration of SAT I is three hours and 45 minutes while each SAT Subject Test has duration of one hour. Students should generally report to the test centre at round 7:30am and will be given time to enter the relevant information on the answer sheets before the commencement of the test.Q- How does one prepare for the SAT? Are there practice tests/books, mock papers available?College Board has free resources that help students prepare for the test. Students can prepare from SAT and SAT Subject Tests using official guides published by College Board or other established test prep publishing companies that are available in the market. Students can also access test preparation material at libraries run by EducationUSA centres and the USIEF, located across India. For free resources from College Board, log on to http://professionals.collegeboard.com/testing/sat-reasoning/prep/freeQ- How is the test scored?Scoring for the multiple choice question is a two-step process. The raw score is first calculated. Each correct answer on the multiple-choice question gets one point and each incorrect answer gets 1/4 point deducted from the total score. No points are subtracted for questions omitted.The second step involves converting the computed, total raw score into the College Board 200- to 800-point scaled score.The essay is scored holistically and reviewed by two readers who independently score each essay on a scale of 1 to 6. The two scores are added together for a total score of 2 to 12. If the readers' scores vary by more than one point, a third reader, who is a scoring leader, scores the essay.Q- What are the choices of timings for taking the test?The SAT and SAT Subject Tests are offered six times a year, in October, November, December, January, May, and June. A student may opt to write the SAT or three SAT Subject Tests on any given test date, subject to availability of seats at the test centre.Q- What the scoring pattern in SAT I and SAT II?SAT scores are reported on a scale of 200-800 for each section - mathematics, writing and critical reading with additional sub scores reported for the essay (ranging from 2-12).SAT subject scores are reported on a scale from 200-800.Q- When is the right time to take the test?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12322261", "title": "Women\u2019s cry on Gurgaon crime street: Give safety", "text": "GURGAON: Millennium City continued its campaign for women's rights and safety. On Sunday, another candle-light vigil was organized in front of the Sahara Mall on MG Road. Protesters demanded that the state government and the Gurgaon administration draw up a comprehensive plan to ensure women's safety.The protest was organized by a Gurgaon-based hobby group Let's walk Gurgaon and supported by NGOs Jagori, Must Bol, besides the group Gurgaon Drum Circles. The demonstration began with a street play Dastak (Voice against atrocities on women) performed by Arvind Gaur's Asmita theatre group.Sehba Imam, founder of Let's walk Gurgaon, said, \"The protest is not against any individual or administration, but against the system. We are demanding that arrest of the culprits should not be the end of the matter and it should be followed by a speedy trial. Besides, the three cops of the PCR van should be punished for dereliction of duty.\"\"Just suspending them is not punishment enough as they might join duty after sometime,\" she said. \"However, we will not let that happen and continue our protest till justice is delivered, Imam added.Kalpana Vishwanath, senior advisor, Jagori, said, \"It is important to voice women's issues. People are angry due to the lawlessness. A strong public reaction is required to send out the message that women's rights must be respected. The administration must ensure a safe environment for women.\"Arvind Gaur said, \"Cultural intervention is required to bring awakening. For the last 15 days, we have been creating awareness through our play Dastak in the NCR. The play highlights the violence and harassment women face in public places and even at the workplace.\"Gaur said a group of citizens met President Pratibha Patil on Sunday morning and handed over a memorandum seeking government intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12322849", "title": "Senior Rane to be new Opposition leader", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's senior-most legislator Pratapsingh Rane will be the state's next opposition leader. Rane was appointed leader of the Congress legislature party (CLP) on Sunday edging out two strong contenders for the post; outgoing chief minister Digambar Kamat and outgoing deputy speaker Mauvin Godinho.When contacted on Sunday evening, AICC member in charge of Goa, Jagmeet Singh Brar, confirmed Rane's appointment. Brar however declined to say on what criteria Rane was selected.Rane said the Congress central emissaries took \"everybody's views into consideration\" before putting it before the Congress high command to decide.Rane's appointment brings to the fore the bitter rivalries within the Congress. Some members claim that though most Congress legislators, including Taleigao strongman Atanasio Monserrate and his wife Jennifer Monserrate, favoured Mauvin Godinho, or at least Digambar Kamat, strong lobbying by Rane's son Vishwajeet, worked in his favour.Some disappointed Congressmen were asking questions such as; Can Pratapsingh Rane take on Manohar Parrikar? They were also predicting the doom of the Congress for the next 20 years saying the Congress under the Ranes will never be able to re-group and will remain a divided house. Others blamed the Congress high command, accusing it of not learning any lessons from the Goa Congress' humiliating defeat in the assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12323676", "title": "'Students must learn crossing river'", "text": "PATNA: Renowned mountaineer Santosh Yadav wants to pay back to her sasural (in-laws' place), Munger, by setting up an academy of adventure sports there.The first lady to scale the Mount Everest twice within a year, Yadav said it was not easy for her to overcome the first hurdle from her middle class traditional family before conquering the highest mountain peak in the world.A woman thoroughly rooted in Indian culture and tradition, Yadav said Bihar was always her dream destination to open an academy not only because her husband belongs to the state, but the world is indebted to the state for its being the seat of knowledge and democracy. Chief minister Nitish Kumar has invited her to set up an adventure sports academy near Ghoda Katora Lake in the Panch Pahari in Nalanda district.Speaking to TOI on the sidelines of the first Youth Adventure Sports Festival, which concluded here on Sunday, Yadav said children should reach nature through sports and they could attain leadership qualities through adventure sports. \"I also want to open an academy at Mandar Hills in Banka and in Munger, besides Rajgir, on the pattern of gurukul with modern technology,\" she said.Yadav said school students, especially in Bihar, should be trained in river crossing, a part of adventure sports, to help people during floods, a perennial problem in north Bihar.Asked about an estimated cost of setting up an adventure sports academy like her Everest Foundation in Manali, she said equipment like harness, jumar and carabiners are costly because they are imported.A graduate in economics from Maharani College, Jaipur, Yadav is a strong votary of 'Clean India' and ban on plastic. \"Cleanliness is in our culture. A clean place and surrounding makes us happy and healthy. I am against bouquet as its accessories are not environment-friendly. Agriculture is better than floriculture,\" she said.Yadav said she wants children to inculcate a sense of self-development and not competition because the latter breeds contempt and jealousy. \"Be creative and do not be a judge,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12322114", "title": "Politicos slug it out on cricket field in memory of late MP", "text": "GURGAON: The city has been hosting the 20-over cricket match in the memory of the late MP Surender Singh for the past six years, but the latest edition played between CM-XI and MP-XI on Saturday was special. The action was more in the gallery than what was happening in the field.Over 50 MPs cutting across party lines and a few Haryana cabinet ministers besides MLAs drove down to Tau Devi Lal stadium. The star attractions in the visitors' gallery were Thiruvananthapuram MP Shashi Tharoor and his wife Sunanda Pushkar , and former Bihar chief minister Lalu Prasad Yadav . Others who joined later included Union minister Salman Khurshid and Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi. Cricketer Virendra Sehwag also came to watch the match.The late Gurgaon MP's widow Kiran Chaudhry said, \"Many MPs could not play. They came because they loved my husband.\"The match played between CM-XI and MP-XI had a lot of viewers coming, though several had come only to show their face to chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and his cabinet colleagues.Hooda, who captained the CM-XI team managed to score only two runs before he was bowled by Congress spokesperson Satyabrata Chaturvedi. MP-XI captain Shashi Tharoor was out on the very first ball. As soon as he returned to the pavilion, one of the visitors was heard saying, \"I knew he could face only one ball.\"But as soon as Lalu Yadav landed in the stadium, he stole the show. He did not leave a chance to pull up UPA-II at the award giving ceremony. \"You can't win a match or run a government if you have people within the group to pull your leg,\" in his obvious reference to Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12322848", "title": "Pause on Presi faculty transfer?", "text": "Kolkata: As the selection process for Presidency University faculty is set to start, uncertainty prevails over the fate of the teachers who have made it clear in writing that they don't wish to continue at Presidency. There are at least 50 teachers who are willing to move out of the institution and go back to government teaching service that will place them in one of the 35 government colleges. However, if they are immediately transferred from Presidency, a serious academic crisis will grip the institution, that already has over 100 vacant faculty posts.An appeal from the university may reach the director of public instructions requesting the latter to delay the transfer process of these 50 faculty members till the time the selection process is over and the new faculty is in place. An option form was circulated by the state higher education department among the teachers of the university asking them to either opt for staying or returning to government service and then wait for a transfer. About 81 teachers have filled up the form saying that they wish to stay on while a little over 50 have indicated their choice of moving out.The recruitment will first happen for 184 positions, university authorities said. These are all fresh positions and the existing teachers are not being considered for them. Of these 184 positions, 104 are vacant and 80 are posts that have been given to the university by the state higher education department after the upgrade.\"We have received about 5500 applications for these positions and a large number of these are from abroad. We will start screening of our existing faculty only after the decisions for these fresh positions are taken. However, we hope that even those who are choosing to move out will not be transferred in a hurry, because that will impact academics here,\" said vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar.Some faculty members who have opted not to stay with Presidency, however, wanted immediate transfer. \"It is becoming a problem staying at a place where everyone knows that you do not wish to face another interview or screening to stay on. The Presidency society is clearly divided at the moment and whoever has opted out of the institution is the butt of everyone's joke.The general impression is that we have opted out because we fear that we will not stand a chance in the competition. But that is not always the case. I have opted out because I do not want the instability of a new set-up as against the security of the government service,\" said a senior teacher, who has served 25 years in the service.All the option forms have been sent to the director of public instructions (DPI), who will now take stock of the existing vacancies in the government colleges and decide on the transfers. \"If the transfer orders come in a bulk, we will have to request the DPI to delay them a bit. We should be able to complete the entire recruitment process by June. Thereafter if the transfers happen, there should not be a problem,\" Sarkar added.State higher education secretary Satish Tewari said academics in an institution like Presidency will never be hampered and there is no need to panic. \"The recruitment and the transfers are continuous processes and happen in phases, without affecting the academic climate of institutions. We will take utmost care so that not a single class is hit,\" Tewari assured.If the transfer orders come in a bulk, we will have to request the DPI to delay them a bit. We should be able to complete the entire recruitment process by June. Thereafter if the transfers happen, there should not be a problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12323956", "title": "Mud roads, greenery turn into real estate boomtown", "text": "BANGALORE: Sloping roads define Jayanagar's geography all the way up to the terrains encompassing JP Nagar into its 5th Phase. Hitting JP Nagar 6th Phase, the terrain turns flat, up to 9th Phase.With its vast expanse of mangroves , the first urban settlers arrived in JP Nagar 7th and 8th Phases around 1992. \"Until then, people from Puttenahalli and Kothanur villages inhabited the area. When I first came here in 1992, I purchased land at Rs 30 per sq ft,\" says C Shadakshari Aradhya, member, JP Nagar Federation.Notwithstanding mud roads and complete lack of basic amenities, builders and individuals invested in land around here. In time, apartment complexes like Brigade Millennium, L&T; South City and Elita Promenade attracted several young investors from the IT and corporate sectors to JP Nagar 7th Phase. People who preferred independent houses, invested in plots, building posh little bungalows at throwaway prices.\"Today, the real estate price is Rs 6,000 per sq feet on the main road,\" says Aradhya, who owns a medical store in JP Nagar 7th Phase.Hands onOver the years, Aradhya has been actively involved in talking to heads of civic bodies to bring water and sanitation facilities to JP Nagar 7th Phase, and has been successful.Taking the baton from him was Sundaresh CS, resident of Nrupathunga Nagar, JP Nagar 8th Phase, to ensure water, sanitation and lighting facilities in his area. \"Although we have a Nrupathunga Nagar Association, I felt people living in 9th, 10th and 11th Cross were being neglected. So in 2009, I met the local MLA and managed to have the roads tarred and light poles erected. About six months ago, I approached them to take up water and sanitation work, which is in progress. But work is slow because of labour problems. Our asphalted roads have been dug up and there's too much dust around here,\" says Sundaresh.While he plods on with help from cooperative residents like K Prabhu, who allowed for his compound wall to be broken down to allow for sanitation pipes to pass through to the connecting road, residents of Brigade Millennium, South City and Ashtalakshmi Layout in JP Nagar 7th Phase have taken up a lake clean-up drive.Bring back the birdsHome to flora and fauna of exotic species, development around JP Nagar 7th and 8th phases, has killed nature's bounty. Puttenahalli Lake became a mass septic tank and dumping ground for non-degradable debris. In fact, when market research consultant Arathi Maney moved to Brigade Millennium in 2007, she didn't know there was a lake right behind her apartment. \"Usha Rajagoplan, a friend who lives in South City, took up the cause of cleaning up the lake. Several of us joined hands and campaigned to nurture Puttenahalli Lake back to its pristine glory. Today, this rain-fed lake attracts 50 species of birds that had stopped coming here,\" she says.Efforts are on, but the lake is turning grey with polluted water from homes where there are no septic tanks. And non-degradable debris is dumped all around, just as in the case of the large Jarganahalli Lake, overlooking Ashtalakshmi Layout, also in JP Nagar 7th Phase.Sandeep B, a resident of Ashtalakshmi Layout, grew up here and feels development is rather slow. \"We live on lowland overlooking Jaraganahalli Lake. During rainy season, the area was submerged. In 2005, the government took up the 'kere' (lake) project. We now have underground drains and some work seems to be going on. But we can't see water in the lake. There's debris all around and we are swamped by mosquitoes,\" he says.Minus pointsNearest police station is in Subramanyapura, 7km away. Takes about an hour to get to this station through traffic-ridden roads. With steep rise in commuters, area requires traffic cops to keep accidents in check No sanitation facility. While a few residents have constructed septic tanks, others haven't. Area requires Cauvery water. While some have dug borewells, others haven't and so have inadequate water for their daily requirements.Lacks waste management and disposal facility, due to which, garbage collectors dump debris in Puttenahalli and Jaraganahalli lakes.The positivesArea is connected to Bannerghatta Road, and large hospitals like Apollo and Fortis are just 2km away. Cultural centres like Rangashankara, IIMB and the MLR Convention Hall provide ample entertainment Meenakshi Mall is about 2km from here. Big Bazaar, Spencers, Food World and a host of hotels dot the area. Two CBSE schools - Brigade and Capitol - are bang in the heart of the area", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12321734", "title": "Mobile lands couple with loot behind bars", "text": "MUMBAI: The 18-year-old girl and her boyfriend, who stole cash and jewellery, collectively worth Rs 7 lakh, from her relative's home in Malad on Friday, were arrested within 24 hours of them committing the crime.Meenu Shaikh, along with her boyfriend, Mohammad Rizwan Ansari (22), was arrested by the Kurar police on Saturday while they were about to flee to Delhi with the stolen booty. \"After Sheetal Dutta lodged case, we started tracking Meenu's cellphone location. At the same time, teams of policemen were dispatched to nodal railway stations as well as bus depots. The two were nabbed at Bandra Terminus as they were about to board a train to Delhi,\" senior inspector Subhash Dafle said. The two had planned to run away with the loot to Delhi as Ansari had his home there, said the police adding that they had been sent to police custody till Monday.According to the police, Meenu was Dutta's niece. \"When Dutta, who stays at Pimpripada in Malad (E), said she needed help at home, Meenu offered to stay with her. She would do household chores, while Dutta went to work at Film City,\" said the police. Dutta, a make-up artist, was unaware of Meenu's relationship with Ansari.On returning home on Friday, Meenu was nowhere to be seen and Rs 4 lakh in cash as well as ornaments worth Rs 3 lakh were missing, Dutta told the Kurla police. When the police asked her if Meenu could have been assisted by a male friend, she denied it. \"Dutta was clueless about Meenu's relationship and described her as a simple girl.\"The entire loot has been recovered from the couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12322585", "title": "Students discuss \u2018naxalism\u2019 issue", "text": "VARANASI: \"Naxalism should not be confused with terrorism. Terrorism is aimed at destroying the integrity of the nati on by terrorising people, while naxalism was initiated as a movement for the upliftment of the masses of a particular area,\" said Anoop Kumar, a student of Law School, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), while giving his view on 'naxalism: perspective on theory and practices' during the 'Third Academique Youth Congress while observing the 12th anniversary of Academique, a group of BHU students, at the Lecture Theatre, Law School, on Sunday.Ashiwini Kumar, another participant, said, \"Locals of naxal-affected areas should be given participatory role during the process of extracting mineral resources from their areas. This will give a sense of belonging to them instead of instilling a feeling of being ignored.\" Anand Dipayan, an associate professor with the department of geology and chairman of the congress, said that over 15 students from different departments of the university read out their papers and over 100 students participated and discussed their opinions to combat the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12322309", "title": "Traders want rollback of service tax hike", "text": "The Noida Entrepreneurs' Association has written to the Union government to consider rolling back the hike in service tax rate stating it would dampen industrial development. In a letter to the PM, the NEA has put forward a five-point agenda for the consideration of the government to give a boost to industries.The NEA has also appealed to the Centre to implement the goods and services tax from April 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12323195", "title": "Medal replica stolen from Kargil martyr's statute", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: A replica of the Paramveer Chakra affixed on the statute of Kargil hero Vikram Batra has been stolen at Palampur of Kangra. Earlier, the miscreants had damaged Mahatma Gandhi's statute in the town.The martyr's statute, located near the PWD rest house and local courts, has evoked criticism from social workers and kin of the late war hero. No one had any information when the incident occurred.Terming it as unfortunate, Vikram Batra's father GL Batra, who retired as principal, said that this was the sign of overall degradation in moral values among the youth.\"The incident is very unfortunate one. Martyrs are to be respected as they sacrificed their lives for the nation. The statutes being erected in their memory should have proper handling procedure,\" he said.Expressing their annoyance, local residents said that the authorities were not aware of it and were informed by them. They said the leaders were also concerned only till the inauguration of the statutes, after that they did not care about these monuments. They said it was a dishonour to them.\"Politicians are only concerned with the inauguration of these statutes to make their vote bank. The martyrs should be respected from heart. It should not be a mere show off to the public,\" said Himanshu Tank, a local resident of Palampur.When contacted, Palampur SDM Ashish Singh said that an inquiry had been ordered and they would soon reaffix the replica of the medal on the statue. \"We ordered an inquiry immediately after we came to know about it. I assure things will come to the light soon and we would reaffix the medal at the earliest,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322698", "title": "Popular brands woo visitors at auto fair", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 5th Zigwheels Auto Fair 2012 organised in association with The Times of India attracted a large number of customers at Balrampur Gardens on Sunday.The Times Auto Fair with the most popular brands displaying their latest models in show had eight top-notch brands in the four-wheeler segment and three in the twowheeler segment. Prominent brands including Hyundai, Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, TATA, Honda, Nissan, Ford, Volkswagen and Maruti in the four-wheeler category and TVS, Hero Motocorp Ltd and Honda in the two-wheeler segment had displayed all their svelte models under one roof for the convenience of the customers. With automobiles models like Hyundai Eon , i10, Verna, Honda City, Brio, Mahindra Xylo , TATA Nano , Sumo Gold, Manza, Ford Fiesta , Classic Figo, Nissan Sunny Diesel, Micra, Maruti Swift , Desire, Volkswagen Polo, Vento, TVS Pep+, Apache RTR, Honda Activa and much more, inquisitive customers thronged the fair to survey various models and brands of their choice and also do a comparative study.Meera Talwar Vardhan, said, \"For the last 15 days, I had been searching for a new car and indeed Times Auto Fair helped me to check out various options all under one roof. I think that more such fairs should be held in future as they help the customers to do a comparative analysis of all automobile brands available in the market.\" To help the visitors to own their dream machine, two leading banks---State Bank of India and Allahabad Bank were also present in the fair to help the customers and provide information about the various schemes and car loan facility.Dhruv, the team leader, JSV Hyundai, averred, \"Times Auto Fair is a good platform for the customers who visit the show and want to gain information about the specifications and requirements of a particular car. The fair was instrumental in providing people with a platform that displayed all the varieties in the market at one stop.\" Adarsh Kumar Seth, a businessman, who visited the fair, said that it was an excellent opportunity for customers to know more about snazzy cars, their accessories and automobiles loans all under one roof. \"I have been planning to buy a car for the past two months and since the fair provides all the options, it was easy for me to compare them and reach a conclusion,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12322735", "title": "Vehicle-free zone: \u2018Provide alternatives to elderly\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With authorities planning to make Sector 17 a vehicle-free zone, a need arises for an alternative arrangement for the elderly, in order to not deprive them of access to market. Traders say the authorities had earlier planned to start battery operated vehicles for this purpose, but the plan remained on papers alone.At present, most parking lots in Sector 17 are located adjoining the commercial areas. When the sector becomes a vehicle free zone, people will have to walk long distances to visit the market.Chairman of Federation of Sectors' Welfare Association of Chandigarh P C Sanghi said, \"The idea of a vehicle free zone is good and people need to get used to walking around the markets, except the elderly. Authorities should provide either battery operated vehicles, trolleys or some other modern facility for the elderly. Considering the poor parking facility provided by the present parking contractors, declaring Sector 17 a no vehicle zone seems to be a better idea.J P S Kalra, general secretary of Sector 17 Traders Association, said, \"The UT and MC authorities, along with the Sector 17 Traders Association, had planned to run battery operated vehicles around six years ago for the elderly. But, with the transfer of officers from Chandigarh, these new initiatives went neglected.\"As Punjab and Haryana high court has told UT to make Sector 17 a vehicle free zone, the administration would file their reply in this regard later this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12322243", "title": "Mobile laboratories to test food samples of eating joints", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon will be one of the first few districts in Haryana to get mobile laboratories for collecting food samples. The lab will not only test the food samples collected from eating joints but also from bars and pubs in the city.To empower the general public to have the right to quality food, the state government has come out with the proposal where anyone can submit a sample for testing. Commissioner of Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) C R Rana said that the decision to launch a mobile lab in Gurgaon was taken since the agency expects there would be more sample collection in this city.Though consumers would have to bear the cost of testing which is between Rs 1,000 and Rs 1,200 initially, he would get back the amount if the food sample fails the test.The move gains importance considering the trend of Gurgaon becoming the hub of eating joints due to the migration of the employed class in the past decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12316198", "title": "Shahid and Nargis out on a date", "text": "It looks like this time around, Shahid Kapoor is not just in love with a new girl but is also ensuring that he is letting people know about her!Shahid and his new girlfriend Nargis Fakhri were spotted together for dinner at a Mumbai restaurant on Saturday night, where the two of them seemed completely besotted with each other.A source present at this restaurant says, \"It was such a sweet sight for everyone present here, where they got to see this couple so into each other and completely in love. They make a good pair and they had no issues with the people around them showering them with that extra attention.\" Looks like Shahid and Nargis have no issues coming out in public, eh?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325686", "title": "Sneha does an encore", "text": "After her first video ensured people took notice of her rather 'sexy' avatar, actress Sneha Ullal is all set to do a repeat act with her photographer friend, where she will be shooting for another video.The first video proved to be a great hit especially on video sharing and social networking sites, which is one of the reasons why she decided to go in for the encore act. And she believes that this will help her connect better with fans.\"I will be shooting for my second video shortly. I am excited about this as the first video received a lot of positive response,\" says Sneha, who is currently in Vizag. She says that she is looking at doing a lot more such videos for her fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321416", "title": "Three held in Kondhwa murder", "text": "PUNE: Investigations in the murder of Anwar Abdul Rahim Shaikh alias Nava (44), a criminal on police record, and member of the late Feroz Bangali gang, has revealed that four of the suspects were criminals on police record while three of them had violated externment orders.Shaikh was shot dead near Jyoti restaurant at Kondhwa on March 13, allegedly to avenge the murder of gangster Wasim Rafique Shaikh alias Khada Wasim of Kondhwa in 2011.Shaikh, one of the main suspects in Wasim's murder, was absconding. He had later obtained interim anticipatory bail from the district and sessions court here.The arrested suspects - Guddu alias Mohsin Anwar Shaikh, John alias Shahnawaz Abdul Gaffar Shaikh and absconding suspect Tousif Anwar Shaikh were externed for varying periods, ranging from one to two years, from Pune district, but had entered into the city limits to execute the murder, senior inspector Prasad Hasabnis of the Kondhwa police said.Hasabnis said the police will invoke section 142 of the Bombay Police Act against the suspects for allegedly violating the externment order by entering into the limits of Pune. The others arrested include Nadir Sayyed, Imran Shaikh, Atul Pawar, Khalid Sundke, Afzal Sayyed and Farman Shah.Anwar Shaikh, a resident of Bhagyodayanagar in Kondhwa, who was arrested earlier, is in police custody till March 20.Meanwhile, Hasabnis produced the eight suspects, who were arrested on Saturday evening, with their faces covered before a magisterial court for seeking police custody remand for 14 days.Assistant public prosecutor Kiran Bendhbar submitted before the court that the custodial interrogation of the suspects was essential for arresting their absconding accomplices and for seizing the sharp weapons and firearms used in the crime. Bendhbar prayed to give sufficient time to the police to determine the real motive behind the murder and to identity the persons from whom they have procured the weapons.The court upheld the prosecution's plea and sent them to police custody remand till March 24.Shaikh and his wife Parveen (47) were travelling in a car when the suspects chased them in a car and a motorcycle, intercepted the vehicle and opened fire. They also attacked him with sharp weapons and damaged his vehicle. Shaikh had 27 cases registered against him with various police stations in the city between 1978 and 2011. He was acquitted in some of the cases while the remaining cases are pending before the courts.Wasim is a criminal on record of the Kondhwa police.Police suspect that Shaikh was killed by the rival gang members led by Khada due to enimical relations out of fear that Shaikh may get rid of them for gaining supremacy in Kondhwa.Shaikh and his wife Parveen (46) a resident of Manish apartments at Mitanagar in Kondhwa were travelling in a santro car MH12/DE/8988 when the suspects who chased them in car and motorcycle, intercepted them and opened fire. They attacked him with sharp weapons and damaged his vehicle with two heavy stonesThe deceased Shaikh has 27 cases registered against him with various police stations in the city between 1978 and 2011. He was acquitted in some of the cases while the remaining cases are pending before the courts. Khada is a criminal on record of Kondhwa police.Police suspect that Shaikh was killed by the rival gang members led by Khada due to enimical relations out of fear that Shaikh may get rid of them for gaining supremacy in Kondhwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12323079", "title": "Chartered accountants discuss Union Budget and taxes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad branch of CIRC, Institute of Chartered Accountants of India organised a seminar on recent changes in service tax and direct taxes. At the beginning of the programme Shiv Kumar, chairman Allahabad branch welcomed the members, students and guests and stressed upon the need to update the knowledge through such seminars.Speaking at the inaugural session chairman CIRC Mukesh Singh Kushwaha highlighted various reforms made by ICAI recently. A major reform is related to bank audit and the effort made by the ICAI for the welfare of the members and institute. At the first technical session Dharmendra Srivastava from Kanpur highlighted upon the increase in the rate of Service Tax from 10% to 12% and also discussed about the service tax levied on all service except the negative list provided in the Finance Bill 2012.In the next technical session speaker S K Garg from Allahabad discussed that the slab rate of the income tax for male and female individual below the age of 60 has been increased from Rs 1.8 lakh to Rs 2 lakh. He also discussed that the interest on saving bank has been exempted upto Rs 10000/- for individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12321343", "title": "Group clash at Law College square", "text": "NAGPUR: Tension prevailed at Law College Square after a car was smashed on Sunday evening, when citizens hit the streets to celebrate India's win over Pakistan in the Asia Cup.The mob of clashing youngsters later shifted to Ambazari police station, where an offence of rioting was registered.It started with some miscreants attacking Satpal Singh and damaging his car over an old enmity.Sources said Singh was engaged in a fracas last Sunday in Civil Lines. Sadar police had registered the case. Sources said the attack on Singh was an act of revenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/new delhi", "code": "12323053", "title": "'Maoists irked by Italians taking objectionable pictures of tribals'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/NEW DELHI: In the first instance of Maoists targeting foreigners, two Italian tourists were abducted in the forests bordering Orissa's Kandhamal-Ganjam districts. The kidnapping came to light late on Saturday night after the Maoists released two men abducted along with the Italians, Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo.The Maoists claim the four were kidnapped on March 14. This came to light only after the release of Sontosh Moharana and Kartik Parida with audio tapes of the Maoist leader, Sabyasachi Panda, along with a list of their demands, the main one being immediate cessation of anti-Maoist operations.The Centre asked its forces to stop anti-Maoist operations on Sunday, in consultation with the state government which has initiated back-channel efforts to get the tourists released. Indian officials also informed Italian embassy about the incident which comes at a time when ties between the two countries have come under stress over the killing of two Indian fishermen by Italian marines off the Kerala coast over a month ago.Foreign minister S M Krishna spoke to Orissa chief minister Naveen Patnaik and the Italian consul general in Kolkata, Joel Melchiori, met government officials here.Moharana is a cook and Parida a helper. The two were accompanying the Italians during their foray into the tribal territory. The Maoists have alleged the Italians were taking \"objectionable pictures\" of tribal women.\"Around 30 Maoists took us hostage on March 14 morning when we were preparing food near a stream in Gazalbadi forests,\" Moharana told journalists in Puri, adding, \"They blindfolded us and made us walk for about five km. The Maoists did not cause any harm to us and treated us well.\"Kandhamal SP Jayanarayan Pankaj told TOI, \"We have information that the foreigners are safe. We hope the Maoists would release them soon.\"In the audio tapes circulated to TV channels, the Maoist leader Panda, who is secretary, Orissa State Organising Committee, said the foreigners were kidnapped while taking \"objectionable photographs of tribals\" in remote areas despite a government ban.The cops doubted these claims, saying they had gathered information that Paolo was into trekking, but not photography. \"Moreover, Kandhamal does not have semi-nude tribals, whose photography can raise objections,\" a cop added.Sources said the state government had roped in Dandapani Mohanty, convener of the Jana Adhikar Manch, and others to mediate with the rebels. Mohanty, one of three interlocutors who negotiated Krishna's release, appealed to the Maoists to extend the deadline to allow the government time to stop the operations, and said he was willing to mediate if both sides approached him. Official sources said the government was waiting for Maoists to suggest interlocutors.Naveen condemned the kidnapping and appealed for the release of the foreigners on humanitarian grounds. \"The Orissa government is open to any kind of negotiation with the kidnappers under the law,\" he said. \"I reiterate my appeal to the Left-wing extremists not to take any drastic step. I also condemn this heinous crime. No one will condone such act in a civil society,\" he added.Police sources said the Italians, Moharana and Parida reached Daringbadi on March 12 and ventured into the forest. Their driver, Debendra Mohapatra, dropped the guests and returned. Paolo has been staying in Puri for the last 19 years and is associated with a private tour agency, Odisha Adventure Trekking. He speaks decent Oriya, police sources added. \"Paolo has been frequently taking foreigners on trekking trips to Kandhamal and other areas,\" said a cop.The CRPF personnel have been asked not to go for combing operations in the tribal-dominated Kandhamal-Ganjam region where the two Italians -- Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo -- were abducted, officials here said the forces would not leave the area.Officials here believe that the abduction was done at Panda's behest. He has lost ground among cadres in the state due to his virtual shunning by ultras from the powerful Andhra Pradesh group.\"The abduction could be an attempt to regain his position and try to bargain for release of his wife Subhasree Das alias Mili Panda along with others from jail,\" said a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326183", "title": "Shabana takes time off to check out Vidya Balan", "text": "The peaks of excellence that Vidya Balan is currently touching belonged to Tabu. That's the feeling of those close to Tabu. Interestingly Tabu supporters like Gulzar and Shabana Azmi (the latter being Tabu's aunt) who swore by Tabu's talent are today swearing by Vidya Balan's talent.Gulzar who once said Tabu had ushered in a new wave for the Hindi film heroine, a la Jaya Bhaduri and made two feature films with Tabu, is today on the verge of starting his first feature film in 12 years with Vidya Balan in the lead.Shabana sees Vidya as her true inheritor. \"Somewhere I feel Vidya has made the daring but right career choices. I see glimpses of my own involvement with my roles in Vidya Balan,\" say Shabana appreciatively after watching Balan in 'Kahaani'.Shabana is currently playing a wily politician in Rajkot for Vishal Bharadwaj's 'Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola'. She took time off from her shooting in Rajkot to watch 'Kahaani'. \"I had to watch 'Kahaani' because of Vidya. I was bowled over by her performance. As an actor I could see she was making all the right moves throughout the film. There was not a single artificial note in her performance.\"Remind her that Vidya reminds us of the Shabana wave that swept Indian cinema in the mid-1980s when right in the thick of the Bachchan wave Shabana did a series of woman-oriented clutter-breaking films like Mahesh Bhatt's 'Arth', Jagmohan Mundhra's 'Kamla', Kalpana Lajmi's 'Ek Pal' and Pravin Bhatt's 'Bhavna' and Shabana concurs, \"Vidya is a game-changer. At a time when our cinema is male-dominated more than ever she has gone from 'No One Killed Jessica' to 'The Dirty Picture' to 'Kahaani'. It's a rare accomplishment. Yeh ladki kya kar rahi hai (what's this girl doing?).\"Shabana also sounds a note of caution in the euphoria surrounding Vidya's rise to the top.Says Shabana, \"If she continues to dominate her films she might very soon face a scarcity of co-stars. Heroes might be apprehensive about being paired with her.\"Shabana faced that situation when films featuring her in the central role co-starred Vinod Mehra or Marc Zuber.Vidya found the Bengali star Parambrata Chatterjee sportingly supporting her heroine-centric presence in 'Kahaani'. But would she run out of co-stars in her future efforts at hero-giri?Cautions Shabana, \"Vidya should avoid the pitfall of only doing central parts. She should also enjoy doing peripheral parts as much as the pivotal ones. Being the centre of attention could be addictive. She must learn to also be part of a cinema that doesn't focus on her but has something important to say.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323071", "title": "Court reminds corporation of social responsibility towards disabled", "text": "CHENNAI: Reminding Chennai Corporation of its social responsibility towards physically disabled people, the Madras high court has directed the civic body to frame a scheme for allotment of land to disabled persons at a concessional rate for setting up small businesses.Justice K Chandru pointed out that the corporation has so far not framed such a scheme despite the statutory mandate cast upon it by the Persons With Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act 1995, as well as a court order.The judge was passing orders on a petition filed by P Sankar, who runs a bunk shop on the pavement on Club House Road near Spencer's signal. He filed the present petition against the eviction notice issued to him by the corporation, and he wanted the court to direct the corporation to grant him licence to run the bunk shop. The corporation wanted the shop cleared for security reasons .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12323034", "title": "Term of Goa University's vice-chancellor to end in June", "text": "PANAJI: With the term of the current Goa university vice-chancellor (VC), Dileep Deobagkar, set to end in June this year, the process of appointing a new VC for Goa's lone varsity will begin soon.Deobagkar took charge as the VC on June 20, 2007. Prior to joining Goa university (GU), he was professor of molecular biology and director of Institute of Bioinformatics and Biotechnology, university of Pune, where he joined as a professor in 1985.With Deobagkar's five year term coming to an end, the GU chancellor will have to begin the search for an equally experienced academic.As per the rules and statutes of the Goa University Act, 1984, the VC has to be appointed by the chancellor, who is the state governor. \"The vice-chancellor serves as the principal executive and academic officer of the university, and has to exercise general supervision and control over the affairs of the university and give effect to the decisions of all the authorities of the varsity,\" as per the Act.On expiry of the VC's term of five years in office, he can continue in office until his successor is appointed and enters his office. But for this, the chancellor has to direct that a VC, whose term of office has expired, can continue in office for a period not extending one year.Deobagkar during his term in office has brought about some commendable changes, one such major change being adoption of the University Grants Commission-recommended Choice Based Credit System for post graduate programs. Under this system, assessment comprises continuous intra-semester and semester-end assessment with equal weightage for theory and practical courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12322563", "title": "Congress fields Mannan as Rajya Sabha nominee", "text": "Kolkata: The Centre may have placated Mamata Banerjee by agreeing to drop railway minister Dinesh Trivedi , but the state Congress has decided to step up the heat and nominate former MLA Abdul Mannan as its Rajya Sabha candidate.With six candidates now in the fray (Trinamool has nominated four and Left one) for the five Rajya Sabha seats from the state, legislators will have to cast their votes on March 30. But before the Congress decided to field a candidate, the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) had already announced that they would boycott the polls. That means, it's virtually impossible for Mannan to make it to the Upper House .This perhaps was not lost on the Congress leaders. The AICC general-secretary in charge of West Bengal , Shakeel Ahmed, said: \"We have the most numbers (for the fourth seat). Hence the state leaders wanted a contest. In coalition politics this things do happen. We will speak to the Trinamool again.\" Murshidabad MP Adhir Choudhury said, \"With 42 MLAs and an Independent, we stand a better chance. The question is not about winning or losing, we will not bow down to Trinamool's diktats. We requested the CM, seeking support (for our candidate), but she rejected it outright. We are also answerable to our supporters.\"Earlier in the day, GJM general secretary Roshan Giri made it clear that there was no question of extending support either to the Trinamool Congress or Congress. \"This is completely out of question. The party has asked the four MLAs to boycott the assembly proceedings.\" he told TOI.Therefore, with 42 MLAs and lone Independent MLA Hamidur Rehman, Congress can at the most garner 43 first preference votes. It would need seven more to make the cut. Mannan therefore has to bank on the other major vote blocks - Trinamool and Left Front to sail through. Mamata had reiterated on Saturday that there was no question of supporting Congress.Since it is in an alliance with the Trinamool, Congress can't seek support from the Left, which could have given a Congress candidate the required numbers.The Left has 11 votes in its kitty, even after electing its candidate Tapen Sen. Added to 42 first preference votes of the Congress, it would give a Congress candidate sufficient numbers. But this is not going to happen.With six candidates in the fray for five Rajya Sabha seats from the state, legislators will have to cast their votes on March 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12324076", "title": "Slain IPS officer Kumar\u2019s purse is still untraceable", "text": "BHOPAL: Ten days after the killing of IPS officer Narendra Kumar in Madhya Pradesh's Morena district, his purse is still untraceable. This has fuelled speculation that his pocket might have been picked even as five policemen stood as mere spectators at the site while he was run over by a tractor-trolley laden with illegally mined stones on the day of Holi.The officer was with five policemen, few armed with AK-47s, in a vehicle when Narendra Kumar spotted the stone-laden tractor trolley, a police officer said. Bamor Station in charge C B S Raghuvanshi, who had been \"line-attached\" on March 11 for allegedly being lax in investigating the case, said: \"I don't know anything about the purse. The officer might have left his purse at his house.\"Morena SP Sanjay Kumar said, \"The IPS officer's purse has not yet been recovered. Possibly, it might have fallen when he chased the tractor-trolley. Someone may have picked it up and did not disclose it to the police.\" After any such incident, the prime concern of the police is to ensure that the victim gets medical help as soon as possible, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12323263", "title": "Future promise drives english-medium trend", "text": "While Tamil Nadu's retains its pride in the state's official language, school enrolment rates show a growing number of people in the state are choosing English-medium education for their children. Tamil-medium schools have steadily lost students over the past five years and schools with English as the medium of instruction have been taking in those students.While the rate of enrolment in Tamil-medium schools dropped from 65.83% in 2009-10 to 63.43% the next academic year, enrolment in English-medium schools increased from 33.24% to 35.82% in 2010-11. The shift to English medium schools is an unspoken admission that children are unable to learn the language in a Tamil medium school. A few decades ago, people who studied in Tamil-medium schools were able to communicate effectively in English. Educationist S S Rajagopalan said that this is not possible today because children come from various socio-economic backgrounds.\"There are many first generation learners who don't have anybody to converse with them in English after school. Children in Tamil medium schools are exposed to a maximum of 40 minutes to an hour of English for 180 days in a year, which makes it difficult for them to pick up the language,\" he said.Even as the state continues to convert Tamil-medium schools into those that offer English as the medium of instruction, it is also taking measures to ensure that the mother tongue of people in the state does not lose precedence. The previous DMK regime gave preference in government jobs to Tamil-medium students and also introduced the Tamil Learning Act 2006, which requires all students to take up Tamil as second language, irrespective of their mother tongue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326541", "title": "Royalty on the sets of Dance India Dance", "text": "Maharaja of Rewa, Madhya Pradesh, Shri Pushpa Raj Singh and Maharani Raghini graced the sets of a dance rality show recently to support their daughter, Mohena Kumari Singh who has sealed her spot in the Top 11 contestants of the season.Mohena who is already one of the Top contenders in the show and is performing exceedingly well was pleasantly surprised to have her parents on the sets watch her performance live!A weepy and emotional Mohena said, \"If not for my parents, I would not have been where I am. My mother has been my biggest support who fought all odds to fulfill my dreams of becoming an accomplished dancer. There has been a lot of opposition from my royal kith and kin who did not deem it fit for a girl from the royal household to pursue dance as a career. But my parents stood by my decision and gave me their whole hearted support. \"Maharaja Pushpa Raj Singh conceded to what Mohena said and commented, \"Yes, there were oppositions but my family has a natural proclivity towards Art in every form. Mohena imbibed her dancing genes from her grandmother was an accomplished Kathak dancer. I have learnt the sitar for 18 years and it was my family who was responsible for bringing the legendary Tansen to Akbar's court. Hence, when Mohena expressed her desire to take up dance as a career, I was a little apprehensive in the beginning but then realized that you cannot ignore a flaming passion. Today, I am one of her biggest supporters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12322911", "title": "Mapusa bus stand soon to be a parking lot: D'Souza", "text": "MAPUSA: Mapusa will soon have a new bus stand and the city's parking problems will be eased as the existing space will be used exclusively for parking, urban development minister and the Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza said on Sunday.He said that 20,000 sq meters of land adjacent to the present bus stand has been already acquired and the work will begin soon for the construction of the new bus stand. He said that once the new bus stand is constructed, the present bus stand space of 10, 000 sq meters will be used as a parking lot.\"We will be changing the zones; the present bus stand will be used for parking and the new bus stop will come up in the adjacent area,\" Francis D'Souza said.\"We are planning to have the multi-storied parking for revenue generation so that the revenue is generated and the projects maintenance cost is taken care of,\" he added.The Mapusa bus stand roughly caters to around 500 buses. These include local, private, KTC and inter-state private and state owned Karnataka and Maharashtra buses. D'Souza also said that his dream project for Mapusa is to have a world-class Kala Bhavan. \"The Government has acquired 8,000 sq m of land for a mini Kala Bhavan at Mapusa. However, I don't want to have it like the ordinary Ravindra Bhavan's in the state,\" D'Souza said.\"My concept is to have the international class Kala Bhavan in 25,000-30,000 sq m of land with facilities like indoor and open air auditoriums, black box, food court, cinema, theatre, music and dance learning classes, etc,\"he said.\"Within 2-3 years I will convert this dream into reality,\" he added. Other projects which are priorities for the MLA would be a new road from Khorlim to Parra to Guirim that connects with NH-17, a new police station, a garbage disposal site and a new sewerage system for the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321703", "title": "City corporation to legalize roadside vending", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Lakhs of street vendors in the city can now breathe easy and do their business legally without paying bribes to policemen and AMC officials for operating in an area. After the high court's intervention the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) is all set to legalize street vending activities in the city. For this, the civic body has formed a town vending committee for the first time.For the last two years, AMC had been surveying various areas of the city studying hawking patterns and their time. The committee will be headed by municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra. It will have the mayor, deputy mayor, joint police commissioner (traffic), AMC opposition leader and an official from the estate department as its members. The panel will decide the time period for hawking activities and even carve out hawking zones in the city. Hawkers will be get special permits and will pay rents to the AMC.An 18-point agenda included in the Street Vendors Scheme, 2010, will be enforced by the committee in the city. The committee will divide the city into three major zones marked green, amber and red. The green zone will be areas where licensed hawkers and vendors can operate. Red zone will be busy areas where vendors will be restricted. The amber zone will see vendors doing business for fixed hours.Prior to this, the Union ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation had last year picked street vendors of Surat for a study on urban planning. The Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology University was asked to formulate a plan for accommodating street vendors in urban planning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12321237", "title": "Security breach at South Block: Pen drive, laptop missing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two months after hard disks containing sensitive information and computers went missing from North Block, thieves have struck once again at the Central Secretariat, this time at the South Block. Police said a laptop and a USB flash drive containing sensitive information belonging to Amit Narang, deputy secretary, ministry of external affairs (MEA), have gone missing.Not only that, the thieves also tried to break into the office of Sipra Ghosh, deputy secretary (Eurasia division) of the MEA. The incident, which has occurred at one of the country's most secured places, has left the cops fumbling for answers as to how the items were taken out after bypassing security even though it requires a proper gate pass for any type of goods to go out from the high security premises.On Saturday, Narang lodged a complaint at the Parliament Street police station about the two items missing from his office, room number 235-I. The cops also got to know that break-in attempts were made at the rooms 235-G and 235-H. An FIR has been lodged under Section 380 of IPC.Sources said the role of insiders, including the staff members, was being probed to ascertain the identity of the accused.\"We have formed a team to investigate the incidents. We are going to examine the CCTV footage and gather clues. The incident has yet again raised questions about security at the Parliament. We will soon get some leads and crack the case at the earliest,\" the source added.Earlier, an assistant at the ministry of home affairs, identified as Ishwar Mahto, had filed a complaint about two computers going missing from the MHA's North Block office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323117", "title": "Identity of headless body still unknown", "text": "CHENNAI: The Government Railway Police (GRP) is collecting details of all the passengers who travelled by the unreserved compartment in which the headless body of a man was found inside Grand Trunk Express from New Delhi on Saturday.The GRP have started collecting information about the passengers aboard the train as some claimed to have seen the box (which contained the body) all the way from the capital, but left it alone.\"We have not yet identified the body, but are working closely with the Delhi police officers. We will be sending a team to Delhi to find out more information,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Central railway station) S Ponramu.Sources said that Delhi police are also clueless about the man's identity. \"They are also trying to find details by searching the missing reports and looking for identification matches,\" said a police officer here.In Delhi, a woman's headless body was found at Nala Road in Sarai Rohilla on Saturday. The body was found inside a gunny bag and had been hacked into seven parts. Sources said the victim seemed to be between 22 and 25 years of age. \"We are also checking if it was ahonour killing. Nothing has been established yet,\" said a source.Police said that the man's age was estimated to be around 40 and he was of fair complexion. The body was found inside a trunk in the train from New Delhi which arrived at Chennai Central. The body had a trouser and a vest. A cleaner spotted the body stuffed in the trunk at 7.15am on Saturday. As foul smell was emanating from the box, they alerted the police.After ascertaining the trunk had no explosives, police opened it. The body, wrapped in a black polythene cover, had injuries on the shoulders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12322225", "title": "Dolphin park land buyout in 6 months", "text": "Mumbai: Mired in a controversy over the construction of a Shivaji statue in the Arabian Sea, the state government is taking no chances with its other future projects. The government is gearing up to start the land acquisition within the next six months for a dolphin and water theme park along the Arabian Sea coastline in Sindhudurg.\"A large portion of this land is in our (state government) possession, so there will be no problem in completing the acquisition process smoothly. The land is mostly surrounded by areas of Oros,\" state tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal told the legislative council on Friday, while adding that the detailed project report (DPR) of Sea World is in the process of completion and a proposal for viability gap funding ( VGF) has already been sent to the central government for approval.The minister was answering queries on an apparent delay in commencement of the project's land acquisition process. On his reply, some members claimed that the minister has been giving the same answer year after year, leading to a delay.\"The honourable minster had repeated the same answer last year. However, this time we would like to know how he plans to go about this realistically and where will the NOCs and funds come from,\" asked Congress MLC Bhai Jagtap.In reply to another question, Bhujbal clarified that Sindhudurg district has already been declared a 'tourism district' and is being provided with various concessions by the state.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has already given an in-principle approval to the Rs 510-crore project that will be part of a plan to promote the 720-km-long coastline. The state hopes that by developing such a park, the Konkan coastline, so far lying in neglect, could be turned into a major tourist attraction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326954", "title": "Rajniesh gets injured", "text": "Model turned actor Rajniesh who made his debut with 1920, landed up gravely injuring his shoulder while shooting for Vikram Bhat's Dangerous IshhqA unit source revealed, \"Rajniesh was shooting for an action sequence at the famous Zubeida Mahal in Jodhpur with actor Arya Babbar when the incident happened. Though the shoulder got completely bruised and black, he continued to shoot.\"It was only when he got back to Mumbai and went for a checkup did he realize that the injury was serious and needed medical attention. \"He was advised a bed rest for ten days. Rajniesh has been pretty bored about it. He can't wait to get back on his feet,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "12323467", "title": "Motihari, Gaya stir for Central University of Bihar intensifies", "text": "MOTIHARI: Hundreds of agitators on Sunday staged a dharna on railway tracks at Bapudham-Motihari railway station on Muzaffarpur-Narkatiyaganj section of East Central Railway (ECR) under the banner of Mahatma Gandhi Central University Sthapana Sangharsh Morcha. They disrupted the movement of trains for two hours to press their one-point demand __ establishment of Mahatma Gandhi Central University at Motihari. Rakesh Tripathi, station superintendent, said that the dharna was peaceful and no damage to railway property was reported.RPF, GRP and district police jawans were deployed on the railway platform under the leadership of DSP, Motihari, Sushant Kumar Saroj to protect the railway properties, trains and maintain peace. The DSP said more than 100 agitators courted arrest on the tracks.According to railway sources, trains remained stranded at different stations for two hours. All the senior officials of railway headquarters were informed about this rail blockade by the local officials. The DM and SP of East Champaran were monitoring the situation during the dharna.Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal's refusal to establish the CUB at Motihari has triggered mass protest in this district. Effigies of Sibal are being burnt daily under different blocks of the district by different organizations and rallies are being taken out in blocks and Motihari by the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12321353", "title": "Navi Mumbai auto fares drop today", "text": "Mumbai: Auto rides in Navi Mumbai is set to become cheaper with the revised tariff coming into effect from Monday.Under the new rule, the minimum fare will drop from Rs 15 to Rs 11 and the rate for every subsequent km will come down from Rs 9.50 to Rs 7. \"It is a historic day for Navi Mumbaikars. From Monday, we will witness, for the first time, a drop in auto fares,\" said India Against Corruption volunteer Ravi Srivastava. He led a campaign, demanding that all autos in Navi Mumbai must switch from petrol to CNG and follow the rate fixed for CNG vehicles.An RTO official told TOI that 90% autos in Navi Mumbai had converted to CNG and the rest was likely to follow suit in a couple of weeks. \"In a survey, we found that most autos here plied on CNG. Then, why should people pay by petrol-linked rates? We have got in writing from gas-suppliers that there were enough CNG stations for autos,\" state transport commissioner V N More said.State transport secretary Shailesh Sharma has also appealed to drivers to abide by the new tariff sanctioned by MMRTA. \"There is no point resorting to protests. If most autos are on CNG, the tariff should be on a par with that in Mumbai and Thane,\" he said.Residents are overjoyed with the move and hope the drivers follow the new rule. \"It will save us Rs 30 to Rs 50 for long distance and even the fare of share-autos outside stations will drop by Re 1,\" said Swati Chatterjee from Vashi. Airoli resident Madhu Chitale said the RTO should continue to check if the autos were plying by meter. \"Sometimes, they demand 50% extra as 'return fare'. It must be stopped,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321541", "title": "Panel to present report on revised syllabi of film and television institute of India", "text": "PUNE: For the last one month, a specially-appointed apex committee has been working to provide a broader vision for the syllabi of various full-time courses on offer at the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII).\"The committee members will provide a broader vision for the content of all courses as well as on the foundation year which we hope to introduce for every course. A report of their recommendations will be ready by early April,\" said FTII director, DJ Narain.The apex committee members comprises personalities like theatre doyenne, Vijaya Mehta, senior architect Romi Khosla, former Jawaharlal Nehru University professor Jyotindra Jain, Raghu Menon from Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, FTII's chairman, filmmaker Saeed Mirza, FTII's former director, Tripurari Sharan, Narain and FTII's former faculty, Suresh Chabria, to name some.Once ready, the report will be presented to the Governing Council by mid-April for further go-ahead, Narain said. \"The idea is to have in place an eclectic mix of content in the syllabi, which will essentially add to the domain knowledge of the arts in holistic terms, explain the arts in the existing socio-cultural milieu and provide an artistic understanding to students who are opting for various full-time courses on offer at FTII. Therefore, we have in mind a foundation year or term comprising 16 to 20 weeks common to all courses to facilitate this kind of study,\" Narain said.Changes in terms of exercises in every course, infrastructure and pedagogy will also be expected, Narain said. \"We have to move with the changing times. Efforts will be on to have exercises for certain courses that put to use the high definition (HD) format for filmmaking. Courses will also be tweaked to do away with unnecessary exercises and add relevant ones. We are also gathering inputs from our students regarding such tweaking of courses. Teaching techniques will also need to change, depending upon the course content. We are laying emphasis on having mentors on board to guide students closely,\" Narain added.The last time changes to the existing FTII syllabi were made was in 2003. \"This time, we are making sure the necessary changes come through. We are hopeful of this,\" Narain said.Further changes in existing infrastructure are also on the cards. \"We will need equipment supporting the HD format, as well as more knowledge centres and libraries, new classroom theatres and additional floor for more studios and classrooms. We are working out these requirements. By next year, work on a new, state-of-the-art auditorium will begin at FTII,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12321061", "title": "Strong regional parties threaten progress: RSS leader", "text": "NAGPUR: Major national political parties are already in dilemma with Uttar Pradesh election results. Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) too expressed its concern on the last day of three-day Akhil Bharatiya Pratinidhi Sabha at Reshimbagh. General secretary Suresh alias Bhayyaji Joshi said, the growing strength of regional parties is a hurdle in nation's development.Giving details of the events of Sabha, the highest decision-making body of the saffron organization, Joshi said, \"UP election results depict that voters are giving more importance to local issues. The change is not good for national politics and development. If the trend continues, the national parties may face the threat of becoming redundant,\" he said.Highlighting their resolution to oppose privatization of water works, Joshi said, RSS decided to protest National Water Policy 2012 draft. \"RSS will ask the Centre to rethink the policy,\" he said.As per details in the copy of resolution, RSS said, the policy is as per World Bank's suggestion and indicates intentions of government to hand over basic necessity of life such as water to private ownership and to a large extent, foreign multinational corporations. Government would have to face public wrath if it accepts recommendations of the new water policy document and makes water tariff cost-based, to ensure private profit, stated the resolution.Asked about any plans made in the Sabha, Joshi said, RSS would continue to campaign against killing of cows. \"The campaign is reaching out to every village. 600 gaushalas were started in last two years. We are reaching out to nomadic tribes, IT employees etc with special camps. The big project is a programme to mark the 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. The formal inauguration of the project will be held in January 2013,\" he said.With a big no, Joshi said, the UP election result is not the defeat of saffron organizations. \"Ram Mandir issue is still fresh. We are waiting for the legal process to end. The plan for the construction of Ram Mandir is ready. Once the order comes, the temple will be built,\" he said.On RSS' letter to Anna Hazare during the anti-corruption movement, Joshi said, the letter was drafted by him. \"We wanted to inform Anna of the threats from political parties,\" he said.Sources said, RSS increased its executive body by increasing joint secretary posts, from two to four.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12322342", "title": "Thief swallows gold bracelet, to undergo surgery", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 28-year-man will undergo a surgery today at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital in order to recover a gold bracelet weighing three sovereigns that he swallowed after stealing it from a marriage hall.According to resident medical officer P Sivaprakasam, it was confirmed during scanning that the bracelet was inside his stomach. \"He is under close medical observation. Some medicines were administered to him to release the bracelet without conducting operation. However, everything failed,\" said Sivaprakasam.The man was identified as N Sathish, a resident of Vysial street. He entered a marriage hall at RS Puram on Sunday while a function was on. He went to the bride's room and took out the box containing gold jewels. The relatives of the bride and groom were all engrossed in the function and taking advantage of the situation Sathish attempted stealing. However, some guests saw him inside the bride's room and turned suspicious of his movements. On interrogating him, they found that he was not an invitee in the function.When some guests tried to nab him, Sathish tried to escape. But he was caught. The guests tried recovering the ornaments he took in his bag. During the process, he swallowed the gold bracelet.The people in the hall alerted the RS Puram police who rushed to the spot. Then the thief was taken to CMCH. The RS Puram police have put him under observation and a formal arrest would be conducted after the bracelet is recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "12328712", "title": "Portugal court stays cancellation of Abu Salem's extradition", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: India has got a breather with the Constitutional Court of Portugal staying the order of its Supreme Court on violation of extradition agreement of underworld don Abu Salem by New Delhi by slapping new charges invoking death penalty.CBI sources said that the Constitutional Court, while admitting India's plea, stayed the order of the Supreme Court of Portugal. India in its plea had also mentioned the recent order of Supreme Court of India whereby it had stayed trial against Salem with regard to additional charges levelled against the underworld don.India had given an executive assurance to Portugal that it would not slap any charges which invoke death penalty to Salem and would not keep him behind bars for more than 25 years.Delhi and Mumbai Police, however, had slapped charges which invoke death penalty against him leaving the government and the CBI red-faced. Later police wanted to withdraw the charges but the courts did not approve of it that led to long-standing legal battle which ended in Supreme Court in September 2010 that rejected the underworld don's plea.Salem had filed a petition in the high court in Lisbon alleging violation of Rule of Speciality after which a judgement was pronounced on September 19, last year, saying there had been breach of the Indian undertaking given to the Portuguese authorities.The CBI, through the Indian Mission in Lisbon, had countered the plea by claiming that the issue of 'violation of Rule of Speciality' has been examined at length by the Supreme Court of India on similar petitions filed by Salem in India.The Supreme Court of India had in its order dated September 10, 2010 held that there has been no violation of Rule of Speciality after examining the issues pertaining to it with reference to and in comparison with extradition laws of the UK, the US and Portugal.However, that had not enthused the Supreme Court of Portugal which had rejected a petition filed by the Indian Embassy and upheld the order of the lower court saying, \"The decision of Court of Appeal, Lisbon vide which it had held that there was a breach of Rule of Speciality in the matter of extradition of Abu Salem.\"India had moved to the Constitutional Court of Lisbon and appealed again the order besides annexing the order of February 17 of Supreme Court of justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar whereby stay on trial for all fresh cases, which invoked a death penalty or jail for 25 years, was ordered.Salem, the prime accused along with underworld don Dawood Ibrahim in 1993 Mumbai serial blasts, and his girl friend Monica Bedi were extradited to India on November 11, 2005, after a marathon legal process in Portugal lasting three years.The extradition of Salem, who was also wanted in various cases including the murder of noted film producer Gulshan Kumar, came after an assurance by Indian government to Portugal that he would not be given death penalty, a key requirement in extradition proceedings in Europe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325683", "title": "Kochi soars high with fashion fever", "text": "Fashion fever has hit the city and how! The Cochin Fashion Fever Nights (CFFN) began with great fanfare in the city over the weekend .The do, to be held every month this year, features top Indian designers and super models scorching the runway to showcase the best of fashion trends in the industry.Mumbai-based, internationally-acclaimed, fashion choreographer Manish Dev has been roped in to choreograph the shows. \"Kochiites will get a first-hand glimpse of fashion trends that have hit both the national and the international scene. From trendy outfits, designer collections and the coolest accessories - everything is going to be available right here,\" says Manish.At the curtain raiser of CFFN, held last weekend, top models from Mumbai and Bangalore walked the ramp for Delhi-based designer Nandini Baruah. The designer showcased her work through three sequences - richly embroidered white brocade saris, black and white western outfits accentuated with chunky belts and contemporary ethnic wears. The show stopper outfit for the collection, showcased by super model and Miss Mauritius 2009 Anais Veerapattren, was impressive.Kochi-based designer Sushmi Siraj too displayed her collection of sophisticated western wear at the do.Going forward, every month, the organisers plan to showcase works by two well-known fashion designers in the country. \"A monthly fashion dois an interesting concept. It is one of the best ways for people here to keep themselves updated on the latest fashion trends. At this rate, the city will soon be full of fashion divas,\" suggests Anais. Is the city ready? Watch this space to find out how you can be a part of the next big do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12323104", "title": "Duty hike punctures hot wheels", "text": "PANAJI: An inflation hit, already sluggish car market in the country is set to be punctured further with FM Pranab Mukherjee's budget hiking excise duty on cars. Car dealers in Goa are expecting a 10-12% drop in car sales over the next few months due to the development. It is not just high-end cars, but prices of small family cars will also go up.The four-wheeler industry in Goa was hoping for a rise in sales, especially from the middle-class, with CM Manohar Parrikar on the verge of lowering petrol prices by 11, which would make owning a car viable for those in lower income groups. It was not to be.\"With the excise duty hike, car prices will roughly go up by 5% and this will definitely affect sales. We are expecting that sales of premium cars will be especially affected. The month of March is when buyers plan car purchases because of the depreciation factor,\" Caculo Group chairman and managing director Manoj Caculo said. The group is dealer for Ford automobiles.He added, \"We were expecting status quo. The car industry is the barometer of any economy. It has a ripple effect on everything else.\"Caculo said market feedback indicates that buyers are already postponing car purchases by four to five months.Tata Motors Goa dealership managing director Ashwin Naik said, \"Car sales will be affected by 20-30% in the short term. The car industry is already facing a slowdown as finance for cars has been marred by high interest rates and inflation.\"Goa Automobile Dealers' Association president Prashant Joshi, who is dealer for Hyundai said, \"With the excise duty hike car prices will go up anywhere from Rs 6,000 to Rs one lakh depending on the price of the vehicle. The market was already sluggish and this is a further jolt to us.\"Joshi, however, said the car industry is thankful that diesel car prices have not been hiked, as had been expected.\"At least the expected hike in prices of diesel cars by Rs 80,000 and above has not taken place. The idea of hiking excise duty on cars was to give relief to two-wheeler buyers. The excise duty hike was expected in a way because the finance minister had brought down prices during the recession and had said that prices will be increased after the recession and he has carried forward with that plan,\" Joshi said.Points to notePrices up by Rs 6,000 to Rs 1 lakhShort-term effect on car sales - 20-30%Long-term effect on sales - 10-12%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322166", "title": "Congress to nominate Chiranjeevi to Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress has decided to nominate mega star Chiranjeevi to Rajya Sabha, consolidating PRP's merger with the party in Andhra Pradesh.The party has also fielded Uttarakhand dissident Harish Rawat loyalist and former minister Mahendra Singh Mehra to the upper house from the state. The decision seems forced by the standoff over Congress decision to make Vijay Bahuguna the chief minister. It was felt that fielding an \"outsider\" would have risked cross-voting from protesting MLAs and they have settled for a local.While the choice of Mehra satisfies the local equation, he being close to Rawat and being a Thakur makes the decision a balance between the various factors that are at the core of party protest in the hill state. Instead, Congress has nominated Satyavrat Chaturvedi, the present retiring MP from the state, from Madhya Pradesh.Congress has interestingly decided to field its candidate Abdul Mannan from West Bengal, a clear decision to put TMC chief Mamata Banerjee under pressure. The TMC has been insistent that Congress stay out of RS race and instead transfer its vote to its fourth candidate. Congress is ahead of TMC in terms of votes at its disposal for its sole candidate as against TMC for its fourth.While Congress would have preferred to heed Banerjee's demand, Congress estimates that she is under pressure and should be conveyed that she has to check her brinkmanship for a peaceful alliance. The availability of 22-MP SP as an option seems to have bolstered the Congress.Congress has nominated former MP Renuka Choudhary and Govardhan Reddy from Andhra Pradesh and re-nominated Rehman Khan from Karnataka. Khan is deputy chairman of the Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12324949", "title": "Dinesh Trivedi to attend TMC parliamentary board meeting", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dinesh Trivedi on Monday morning said that he would attend the parliamentary board meeting of Trinamool Congress (TMC).He resigned on Sunday night as railway minister to bring down the curtain on the controversy that his rail budget kicked off.Trivedi called TMC chief Mamata Banerjee just as she was about to leave for Delhi and conveyed the decision to quit. It marked a sudden change of heart for the minister who only a day back had refused to carry out the party's demand and insisted that Banerjee give him the direction in writing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12321246", "title": "More paddy growing farmers take to sugarcane", "text": "BHANDARA: Vainganga sugar factory seems to have changed the mindset of farmers who are increasingly taking to growing sugarcane. This is evident from the fact that agriculture land under sugarcane has increased two-fold.Although politicians were the ones who talked about changing the mindset, it took the sugar factory to take lead.The response is overwhelming given the fact that though Vainganga sugar factory had announced closure of sugarcane sowing on February 29, more and more farmers are giving up the traditional paddy growing. Vainganga sugar and power factory is a subsidiary of Purti group of industries headed by BJP president Nitin Gadkari .Vijay Raut, deputy general manager of Vainganga sugar and power company at Devada in Mohali taluka told TOI that the factory had started sugar production in 1988 but was closed in 2003 by the order of Maharashtra state cooperative bank as there was a huge debt against it. The factory was put to auction but bidders did not come forward. Two years back, Purti purchased it in a fresh auction.Though it was a tough task to resume operations of a closed factory, the group took it as a challenge and the paddy growers taking to sugarcane cultivation is an evidence of this fact.After overhauling by engineers, the sugarcane crushing season began in November last year. Till now, 1,08,890 metric tonne of sugarcane was crushed and 99,000 metric tonne of sugar was produced. The crushing capacity of the factory is 1250 metric tonnes. It is estimated that 1.25 lakh metric tonnes of sugarcane would be crushed by April 5.Sugarcane grown by 6,166 farmers from 646 villages in 3,172 hectares of land in Bhandara and Gondia districts was supplied to the factory in this season. The per quintal recovery is 9.27% which is satisfactory in the first year. Every sugarcane grower is paid for the produce through banks.Managing director of Purti group Sudhir Dive said that the sugar factory was purchased mainly to bring about economic development of the region and empower paddy growers.He said that the targeted group and area was reached in the very first year. The factory paid Rs 30 crore to sugarcane growers, labourers and employees. Of the 600 employees, 280 are permanent and 320 are temporary. 98% of the employees are from Bhandara and Gondia districts.Dive said that 3 lakh metric tonnes of sugarcane would be crushed next year and 3 lakh bags of sugar produced. 2,000 metric tonnes of sugarcane would be crushed every day. The 20MW power plant would be set up in 2013-2014 which would run for full 180 days. Thus, the region is set to usher in a revolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12322765", "title": "Unclaimed vehicles trouble cops, will be auctioned", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Facing trouble in keeping the rising number of unclaimed impounded vehicles at the police stations, Chandigarh police would auction hundreds of them in the coming days.At Chandigarh traffic police lines, Sector 29, thousands of impounded vehicles occupy over an acre land. Police have started the auctioning and would build a recreational park after clearing the space.\"Some of these vehicles are parked since 2005. It has become difficult for us to manage their rush as no one has come to claim them. After auctioning these vehicles, a recreation park for the cops and a cemented parking lot will be built,\" said deputy superintendent of police (traffic) Vijay Kumar.In most of the accident cases, people prefer to take the insurance claim, instead of damaged vehicles.Besides, nearly 1,000 unclaimed vehicles, including four-wheelers, are lying unattended at 11 police stations in Chandigarh. In many cases, tyres and various spare parts of the vehicles have been stolen and some vehicles have also fallen apart rusting.\"It is the duty of police to ensure the safety of impounded vehicles, but looking at the number, it doesn't seem practically possible.,\" said a police official here. In such auctions, mainly scrap dealers come for the bidding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi/hyderabad", "code": "12322073", "title": "Telangana Congress leaders corner three out of 4 Rajya Sabha seats", "text": "NEW DELHI/HYDERABAD: Caste equations and regional balance tilted scales in favour of Telangana Congress leaders who cornered three of the four Rajya Sabha seats cleared by the party high command on Sunday.With barely a day left for filing nominations for the biennial election to six Rajya Sabha seats from the state, hectic consultations and confabulations were underway within Telugu Desam party till late in the evening to finalize their two candidates.While the Congress high command did not have an uphill task to select candidates, there were imminent signs of a rebellion in the Telugu Desam party over the choice of Rajya Sabha nominees C M Ramesh and T Devender Goud, with several party seniors openly criticizing Naidu's choice.The Congress high command has narrowed down the choice to Chiranjeevi (Kapu), Renuka Chowdhury, Palvai Goverdhan Reddy and Rapolu Anand Bhaskar (BC-Padmshali), the last three from Telangana region.These names were recommended by chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana during their meeting with Congress president Sonia Gandhi .The two surprises in Congress list were party senior leader Palvai Goverdhan Reddy and Gandhi Bhavan backroom manager Rapolu, while the names of Chiranjeevi and AICC spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury have been doing the rounds over the past one month. Confirming the nominations, Chowdhury and Reddy told media that they received calls from the high command asking them to file their nominations.Seventy-six-year-old Reddy, a former minister and die-hard Congress loyalist, is also a staunch supporter of the Telangana cause. A five-time MLA from Nalgonda district, Reddy is a known associate of N D Tiwari.Several seniors ignored in RS raceReddy has had cordial relations with all Congress leaders from the state, barring late Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, late P V Narasimha Rao and Komatreddy Venkat Reddy.Rapolu, a quiet party worker from Chennuru in Warangal, quit journalism to take up politics as his future avocation to lead public life in 1994. He is currently PCC general secretary and has been a key player at Gandhi Bhavan over the past decade in formulating new schemes for the party. His cordial relations with party leaders of all three regions has helped him remain a non-controversial leader in the party. Renuka Chowdhury hails from Khammam.The Congress has a chance to win four seats, while TDP is expected to win two seats based on their strength in the Assembly. Nomination papers would be scrutinized on March 20 and the last date for the withdrawal is March 22. The election is scheduled to be held on March 30 between 9 am and 4 pm, and the counting of votes would be taken up at 5 pm the same day.Desperate attempts by Rajya Sabha member K Keshava Rao (whose term expires next month) to seek renomination with the support of MPs from Telangana region delayed the announcement of the fourth Congress candidate. Others who lost out in the renomination race are former Union minister Dasari Narayana Rao , Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi and Indian National Trade Union Congress president G Sanjeeva Reddy. Other Congress leaders who tried their luck in vain include former speaker K R Suresh Reddy and Md Ali Shabbir .Meanwhile, ample signs of a rebellion were out in the TDP on Sunday over the selection of Rajya Sabha candidates forcing the TDP president to hold a one-to one with senior party leaders in the night. Several senior leaders have in private told media that party cadre would leave the party if sincere workers were not accommodated in the list.Telugu Desam chief N Chandrababu Naidu who presided over the politburo meeting on Sunday was tight-lipped over the developments. Senior leaders like Y Ramakrishnudu and Yerrannaidu have expressed strong resentment over the candidature of both the likely TDP nominees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12323109", "title": "Italians' kidnapping case: Was a scary experience, says freed aide", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Santosh Maharana and Kartik Parida, who had accompanied the two abducted Italian nationals, heaved a sigh of relief after being released from Maoist custody on Saturday night.\"It was a scary experience. I had heard of abductions. I am glad to come out of the Maoists' custody,\" said Santosh soon after lodging an FIR at Sea Beach police station in Puri.Santosh accompanied Paolo as a cook whenever the Italian went on his expeditions to forests. Kartik too used to assist Paolo on his tours. Narrating the nightmare, Santosh said the Maoists kidnapped them at around 10am on March 14 from a jungle near Daringibadi in Kandhamal district. \"We had reached Daringibadi on March 12. Next day we visited a neighbouring village and slept in a church,\" he told mediapersons. \"On March 14, we set up tent near a stream and were preparing our food when around 30 armed Maoists surrounded us,\" he said. \"They gagged our mouths. With blindfolded eyes, we walked for five km. When our eyes were opened, we found scores of Maoists around us,\" Santosh said.He said the rebels confined them to one place till the afternoon of March 17. \"When we pleaded for mercy, they released me and Kartik. They said the foreigners would be released only if the government fulfils their demands,\" said Santosh adding that they were not ill-treated by the Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322932", "title": "Azam Khan takes oath, four MoS elevated", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Samajwadi Party leader Mohammed Azam Khan took the oath of office and secrecy at a function organised at the Raj Bhawan on Sunday. Four other minister of state were elevated to hold independent charge and were also sworn in by governor BL Joshi. Azam had been sworn in as the cabinet minister along with others on March 15, but later it transpired that he had missed a portion of his oath of office and took oath of secrecy only. Hence it was decided that Azam will take the complete oath again on Sunday.In the meantime, the government decided to elevate the status of four ministers of state -- Arvind Singh Gope, Aruna Kori, Rajendra Singh Rana and Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar. Since all of these have been the independent charge, they, too, were sworn in again. Gope, who won from Ramanagar, has been credited with the wiping out the influence of SP chief 's friendturn-foe Beni Prasad Verma , from Barabanki. After he was made a minister of state, people of Barabanki reportedly wrote to the chief minister demanding Gope's elevation.This prompted the government to respect the people's sentiments, says a party worker. When the SP leadership was discussing the issue of elevating Gope's status as minister, some of the leaders suggested names of three others who subsequently got the clearance. Besides the above five, senior Congress leader Pramod Tewari, who won from Rampur Khan for the 10th consecutive time and Mitrasen Yadav, SP MLA from Bikapur, were sworn in as protem speakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322740", "title": "Police constable hurt after colleague's gun goes off", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chaos prevailed in Qutub Minar area on Saturday night after a Delhi Police constable accidently shot at his colleague inside in the PCR van. The accused cop, Jagdev, and the injured constable, Anil, were stationed at PCR number E-58 in Mehrauli.Head constable Niranjan Lal was in charge of the PCR when the mishap took place. The victim, Anil, was the driver. Lal said he heard a gunshot around 8pm. Seconds later, Anil slumped from his seat, screaming that he had been shot in the waist. A crowd gathered even as the two cops tried to understand what had happened. Anil, who was bleeding profusely, taken to AIIMS Trauma Centre.Lal said Jagdev told him on the way that the shot got fired from his gun. Later, it was found that Jagdev possessed only 69 rounds only instead of the 70 rounds he originally had. A case of causing grievous hurt under Section 337 of IPC has registered and the accused arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321486", "title": "Narendra Modi criticizes UPA government", "text": "PUNE: Narendra Modi criticised the UPA government on Sunday for making very little allocations for development projects in the Budget and spending more time discussing the controversial birth date row of the army chief.Speaking at a function where he was presented with the 'Gujarat Ratna' award of the Shree Poona Gujarati Bandhu Samaj - which is celebrating its centenary foundation year - Modi also took on the government for imposing a ban on cotton export and denying high return opportunities to farmers.On the Union Budget presented by Pranab Mukherjee , Modi said the Budget has 70% of its budgetary allocation for salaries, while 30% is for development. \"Gujarat, on the other hand, spends 70% of its revenue income on development projects and 30% on salaries and maintenance of the system.\"Commenting on the issue of the controversy surrounding the birth date of the army chief General V K Singh, Modi said, \"I do not find this issue of national importance. It should have been discussed within the ministry and with a certain section of officials, rather than have everybody in the government making statements about it. The citizens have been wondering about the priorities of the Union government.\"Saying that the image of the country had been tarnished in the international market because of the government's decision to impose a ban on the export of cotton, Modi said that buyers have lost their confidence in India due to the decision. The ban on export was lifted within a week, but it had already done the damage, he added.\"Gujarat has the highest cotton production in the country. The Union government did not like this and, hence, the ban on export of cotton bales was imposed. The cotton bale production in Gujarat is 1.23 crore bales this year, which was 23 lakh bales in 2001. Along with Gujarat, cotton is also grown in Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh , but farmers are committing suicides in these two states and not in Gujarat. This is only due to the government's impractical policies,\" he added.Drawing attention towards his home state Gujarat, Modi said it is a profit making state in terms of revenue generation. \"Gujarat follows almost the same rules and regulations as the other states in the country. The only difference is that the urge of its people for development and growth is encouraged. If Gujarat can achieve this, then why can't the Union government?\" He also said that his state has not imposed or increased new taxes on people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12324059", "title": "Bal Bhavan children inaugurate dance school", "text": "LUDHIANA: The children staying at Bal Bhavan had a special and unforgettable time on Saturday when they were invited to a function as guest of honours.These orphanage students not only took part in a cake-cutting ceremony of a dance institute in Model Town, but also performed a dance. The happiness on the faces of these little ones while performing hip-hop and bhangra was a sight for sore eyes.I am very happy and have never enjoyed myself this much. We performed dance with our friends and also got gifts, said Sargun, a seven-year-old from Bal Bhavan. The kids performed exceptionally well and I feel that their good wishes will help my dance academy shine, said Guneeta Bindra, the owner of the academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12321744", "title": "DMK likely to pull out ministers from Centre", "text": "CHENNAI: An informal meeting of top DMK leaders at party chief M Karunanidhi's residence here on Sunday decided, in principle, to pull out ministers from the UPA government if the Centre did not accede to their demand that it support the US-sponsored resolution on Sri Lankan war crimes before the UN Human Rights Council .While most DMK leaders wanted the party to withdraw its ministers from the Manmohan Singh ministry on Tuesday and support the government from outside, Union minister M K Alagiri and some others felt that any such strong decision should be taken only after March 23 when the US resolution is put to vote.The DMK leadership began their informal deliberations on Saturday at the party headquarters in the run-up to the crucial high level committee meeting on Tuesday. Karunanidhi, general secretary K Anbalagan, son M K Stalin and former minister Duraimurugan are understood to favour hard line.Karunanidhi has been discussing the UN resolution with senior leaders. He has already prepared a draft resolution for DMK high level committee meeting on March 20, said a source. \"If the Congress is not accepting DMK's demand then we would pull out our ministers from the Centre. Our resolution may reflect it. But we will give our support for the government from outside,\" said a senior member of the committee.The DMK had earlier hinted at withdrawing its ministers from the Union government during the seat negotiations with the Congress in the run-up to the Tamil Nadu assembly elections last year when some of its leaders were facing charges in connection with the 2G spectrum scam.DMK parliamentary leader TR Baalu and some party MP's are likely to raise the issue in Parliament on Monday. When contacted, Baalu told TOI, \"DMK is very firm on its stand to insist that the government of India support the US resolution at the UNHRC hearings.\" He added, \"India should support the present form of resolution and it should not be diluted.\" The government should not abstain from the voting either, he said.DMK Rajya Sabha MP and Karunanidhi's daughter M K Kanimozhi said, \"We are very concerned about UN resolution. I hope the DMK will not be forced to take any strong decision at the high level meeting. We are hopeful that the Centre understands what we mean and hope the government also understands what the people of Tamil Nadu mean,\" she said responding to a question whether the DMK will pull out of the UPA government if India does not support the resolution in the UN.The AIADMK is also adamant on the demand that the Centre support the US resolution. The party's leader in the Rajya Sabha, V Maitreyan told TOI, \"Madam (Jayalalithaa) has been very firm in this issue. Tamil Nadu state assembly passed a special resolution six months ago demanding that the Centre take action to get all those responsible for large-scale civilian deaths, during the Sri Lankan civil war, declared as 'war criminals' by the United Nations . We won't accept if India abstains from voting. If they take that decision then it means they are backing Sri Lanka .\" He said AIADMK MPs will stick to their demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321391", "title": "Five rescued after fire in building", "text": "PUNE: The Katraj fire brigade rescued five people, including two senior citizens, from a building near Parvati when the electricity meters and a two-wheeler parked on the premises caught fire after a short circuit on Sunday evening. The incident took place at Ajay Apartments in Tawarenagar at 5.05 pm.Katraj fire brigade station officer Sanjay Ramteke said there are eight electricity meters in the apartment on the ground floor and one of them caught fire due to a short circuit. The fire gutted the electricity meters and a new motorcycle.He said that when the fire brigade reached the spot, thick black fumes were emanating from the building and a lot of heat had been generated. The residents had closed their doors and windows out of fear.Ramteke said, \"We first disconnected the electric supply and put out the fire. However, the residents were unable to come out of the building because of the thick fumes.\"\"We first brought out two senior citizens from their first floor flat. We then covered the faces of a couple and their 10-year-old daughter and brought them down safely from the second floor. The other flats in the two-storied building were locked,\" he added.The other firemen who were part of the recue operation are Ganesh Bhandare, Bhau Shinde, Prasad Kadam and Vijay Swami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12323613", "title": "JDA\u2019s old-age home project still remains a dream", "text": "JAIPUR: The government's aim to construct 'luxury class' old age homes for senior citizens in the state capital remains distant a distant dream due to many bottlenecks.The no-profit-no-loss project of Jaipur Development Authority (JDA), announced a year ago, is going at a snail's pace as many important decisions are still pending. According to sources, the JDA has done the design of the project. However, it is yet to be decided who will construct the project.\"The town planning and finance department will examine the project and report whether it should be on PPP mode or build-operate-and-transfer model or the JDA should construct the project on its own,\" said an offiical. Recently, the consultant has recommended that the old age home should be constructed G+5 pattern. However, senior officials of UDH believe that the project should be at least of 8 floors to benefit maximum senior citizens. The JDA is also not able to start the construction of boundary wall on the identified land for the project.\"The nearby farmers have stopped JDA from constructing the boundary wall of the land as they claim that it is their land. We have measured the land twice and it's not the case. Though it's a small dispute, it is yet to be resolved.\"Meanwhile, the consultant has prepared the design of the project. In a presentation by them recently, it has been mentioned that 'luxury class' old-age home will be built over an area of 100 bigha land in Jagatpura. It will be a six-storied building and have around 590 units of different sizes. \"The consultant has said that 1 BHK flat will be constructed in 500 square metre area, while 2 BHK flats will be constructed in 800 square metre area,\" said an official.\"Only 32% area of the land will be constructed while rest 68% will be green land and facility area. The facility area will have meditation room, library, swimming pool, a dispensary, badminton court,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12322008", "title": "Man set ablaze by wife, dies", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 40-year-old housewife doused her husband in kerosene and set him ablaze at their house in Malkajgiri on Saturday night.N Raghu, 45, a realtor from Maruti Nagar in Malkajgiri, was burnt alive by his wife Pushpa, police said. On Saturday at around 9.30 pm, Raghu reached home in an inebriated condition and straightaway went to sleep. After a while, Pushpa asked her children to go to a nearby grocery store to fetch rice.\"Immediately after the children left the house, Pushpa poured kerosene on Raghu, who was fast asleep, and set him ablaze. Raghu died on the spot after sustaining 90% burns,\" Malkajgiri sub-inspector S Shivalingam told TOI. After committing the crime, Pushpa fled the scene. According to the SI, Pushpa was addicted to alcohol and used to quarrel with Raghu for money.\"Family members told us that for the last one week Raghu had not given her any money. We suspect that she might have committed the crime in a fit of rage,\" the SI added. Raghu and Pushpa have three children, Tulasi, Shanta and Sampath. A case has been booked against Pushpa under Section 302 (Murder) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC).In another incident, a 32-year-old painter, Pavan Kumar of Chintalmet in Rajendranagar, was bludgeoned to death by assailants near a local toddy compound on Saturday night.\"The assailants killed Pavan by striking him on the head with bricks,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12322873", "title": "Naseer involved in thefts in UP too: Police", "text": "PANAJI: A police team led by Porvorim PI Sagar Ekoskar, which is in Uttar Pradesh to nab 40-year-old Naseer from Ghaziabad, discovered that the accused has been involved in several burglaries in UP.Naseer would come to Goa with young men and commit thefts.The police arrested Sonu Singh, Noor Mehmood and Naushad alias Dilshad Tahir in this regard, who revealed that Naseer offered them 1 lakh each and brought them to Goa.However, the police said that Naseer's modus operandi in UP was different from the one he adopted in Goa. \"In UP, he would hire minors to commit burglary,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322808", "title": "Grid tightens frequency, overdrawing will be tough", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come April, and power companies are going to find overdrawing from the Northern Grid during peak hours tougher. To protect the grid from overdrawing by states in the coming summer season, the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission has notified new regulations to tighten the operating grid frequency. According to senior officials, from the earlier frequency band of 49.5hz to 50.2hz, the new frequency is set to become 49.7Hz to 50.2Hz.The new grid frequency will become effective from April 2 and is set to safeguard the grid especially in peak summer and winter months when many states start overdrawing heavily to keep pace with rising demands.However, this also means that Delhi's discoms will have to ensure that they have sufficient arrangements in place to meet the city's power demand as overdrawing below this new frequency limit will become a costly proposition. \"The new grid band will ensure higher grid security but concerns are also there as it may also lead to loadshedding by some states if they cannot afford to overdraw,\" said a senior official. The discoms have been known to overdraw from the grid during peak summer months to keep pace with demand.Sources said a number of northern states had resisted tightening the frequency band at this time and said it should be deferred to a later date due to reasons like insufficient generation growth, possibility of more loadshedding, shortage of fuel supply etc. However, after a series of meetings held at the Central Advisory Committee, CERC decided to go ahead with the decision.\"There was a general consensus that the grid frequency should be reduced not only in the interest of grid security but also to encourage discoms to procure power through contracts in the organized market. The concern that tightening the frequency might lead to increased incidences of demand not being met was noted but this could not be a valid argument for risking grid security. Discoms' dependence on UI should be reduced and they need to start contracting power from long-term, medium-term and short-term markets in advance,\" said a CERC officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12321830", "title": "TV on auto draws crowd", "text": "RANCHI: Now, commuters will be able to watch movies in an auto of Ranchi. Rajesh Raj, an auto driver, has installed a VCD player-cum-television in his vehicle a few days ago and it has become popular in no time.Raj, a matriculate who had to leave studies to start driving auto after his father's death to support his family, said, \"The passengers used to get impatient if they had to wait in the auto, so I installed a VCD player. Now even if the vehicle gets late, the passengers can enjoy the songs and movie and I don't have to rush.\"Gifted with a good voice, Raj works as a part-time announcer at various programmes.Driving the auto for the past 20 years, Raj realized that it had become difficult to deal with passengers sometimes. \"Every person enjoys watching TV, so I installed one in my auto and now I notice that people are more patient and the number of passengers has also increased.\" He added, \"It was not very costly. The VCD player with a flat screen television came for Rs 3,500 which now I feel was worth spending.\"The passengers of Raj's auto also enjoy travelling with him. Saurabh, an employee of a private company, said, \"After a day's work, it is very relaxing when I get to watch TV on my way back home. It distracts me from the difficulties of travelling in auto and makes the journey enjoyable. I try my best to get this auto everyday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322603", "title": "Cultural hub near Mandi House soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The area around Mandi House, known as the national capital's cultural hub, will soon get another such hub.The Haryana government, on Sunday, announced setting up of this centre at Nabha House, close to the Mandi House Metro station.Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said the centre would be built at an estimated cost of Rs 60 crore and would showcase the rich cultural heritage of the state. It would have multiple facilities such as a grand lounge, conference halls, banquet hall, business centre, e-library, auditorium and parking, among others.The Haryana government owns a huge patch of land close to the Metro station, which has been lying under utilized.Though the proposal to make the best use of this area had been in the state government's agenda for long, the recent announcement seems to have been made to ensure that the land located in the heart of capital is not lost to the Delhi Metro for its expansion work.Sources said the public works department would soon prepare a plan and start work on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12327107", "title": "Karthi remains undeterred", "text": "With the FEFSI workers not extending their support for Alex Pandian and the shooting stalled, Karthi remains undeterred.Sources say that the star was spotted at Gnanavel Raja's Studio Green office to hear out scripts that the directors have for him.Karthi is said to be impressed with a one-liner that a wannabe director had narrated to him, and is said to have given him the green signal. Sources report that Karthi's next after Alex Pandian is wrapped up will be this venture.It is said that if the wannabe director comes up with an impressive narration, then Karthi may sign the dotted lines. Meanwhile, he is waiting for the shooting of Alex Pandian to resume.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321688", "title": "Central Jail sees 18 per cent hike in production", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The production at the Ahmedabad jail increased by Rs 68.35 lakh in 2011 year over year. It came to around Rs 4.5 crore as compared to Rs 3.80 crore in 2010. This represents an increase of 18% on a yearly basis.In reply to a question posed by Khadia MLA Bhushan Bhatt, prisons minister Dilip Sanghani said that in the year ending on January 31, 2012, total production was 4.48 crore while the figure was 3.80 crore for the year ending January 31, 2011.Sanghani said inmates involved in manufacturing furniture, weaving, tailoring, bakery products, laundry services and even 'bhajiyas' were paid an incentive ranging from Rs 25 to Rs 35 depending on the skill of the workers. The jail inmates were made to work for only seven hours in a day. He further said the remuneration was recently increased.The government in reply to Rakesh Shah, BJP MLA from Ellisbridge, said that the government was also giving the inmates a chance to upgrade their skills. tnn\"To keep pace with the society and to ensure that when inmates are released after completing their sentences, they should not find themselves left, the government is offering skill upgrading programmes.Sanghani said the jails were also imparting computer courses. Around 2,500 inmates are enrolled in the skill upgradation programs conducted by the Jail. Various courses were being conducted inside the jails by Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar University, Indira Gandhi National Open University and the Annamalai Post Graduate course. In the last two years ending January 31, 2012, 3,344 inmates have graduated from these universities, he elaborated.In reply to Dariyapur MLA Bharat Barot's question, the state government has said that there is a hospital with a full-time surgeon and a physician within the premises of Ahmedabad Central Jail. The government has also said that Sabarmati Central Jail was also the first prison in the country to have telemedicine facility. In the past two years, about 55,887 inmates have been treated through telemedicine and by the hospital within its premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12321981", "title": "MNS keeps NCP on toes over Rajya Sabha polls", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS president Raj Thackeray's role in the ensuing elections to the Rajya Sabha will be crucial, particularly in view of the candidature of D P Tripathi, national general secretary of the NCP and Sharad Pawar's trusted aide, as a nominee.A day after MNS nominee Yatin Wagh was elected Nashik mayor, it was assumed that for the Rajya Sabha polls, MNS may support the NCP nominee, since the stand taken by NCP helped the MNS candidate win. The NCP had decided not to participate in the electoral process and take a neutral stand. Nashik guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal had opposed the decision.MNS leader of the legislature party Bala Nandgaonkar said that so far, his party has not taken any decision on the ensuing RS polls. \"We are meeting Raj Thackeray on Monday and after our meeting, we will take a decision on voting for the RS polls,\" Nandgaonkar told TOI. Monday is the last date for filing nominations. The RS polls will be held on March 30.According to a senior NCP leader, the party was planning to nominate veteran criminal lawyer Majeed Memon for the RS polls. However, his nomination was dropped following objections from the MNS.\"Now, the NCP has nominated Delhi-based Tripathi. We are not sure if MNS will support his nomination. Senior NCP leaders will discuss the candidature of Tripathi with Raj Thackeray. If MNS decides to raise the issue of 'son of the soil', then we will have no option but to drop Tripathi and select a local candidate,\" he said.The NCP has already nominated former Pune mayor Vandana Chavan. Her election will be a smooth affair, since in the house of 288, the strength of NCP stood at 62. The quota for getting elected will be 42 and as a result, NCP will have 22 surplus votes. But for the second candidate, it will have to mobilize an additional 22 votes, for which it was banking on MNS and Independents.\"We are dependent on MNS and a section of Independents, but now if MNS declines support to us, it will be an embarrassing situation for NCP or it will have to drop the idea of fielding a second candidate,\" he said.The NCP refused nominations to retiring MPs, trade union leader Govindrao Adik and Ranjeetsinh Mohite-Patil. When the notification for RS elections was promulgated, it was assumed that while Adik will be renominated, the NCP would field a new candidate instead of Mohite-Patil.If MNS decides to raise the issue of 'son of the soil', then we will have no option but to drop D P Tripathi and select a local candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12321809", "title": "Gold strike affects allied businesses", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ongoing protest against hike in customs duty and excise tax on gold announced in the Union budget entered its second day on Sunday. Traders across the city, mainly in the gold shopping hubs of the Old City and Abids, downed shutters even as a sense of apprehension has gripped the traders.The custom duty on gold has been doubled from 2 percent to 4 percent while a central excise tax of 1 percent has been introduced. The move did not go down well with the traders throughout the country, prompting them to declare a countrywide three day bandh. No only did the gold businessmen show solidarity with the bandh call given by All India Gems &amp; Jeweler Trade Federation ( GJF), traders belonging to allied trades have also chipped in. A silver merchant from the Old City informed that though they partially remained open on Saturday, their business was close to nil.\"Thebandh has had an effect on silver and pearls too ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12328365", "title": "Two bus passengers electrocuted", "text": "JAIPUR: Two passengers were today electrocuted and four others received burn injuries when their bus came in contact with a broken live wire near Chaksu town, police said.The bus was scheduled to leave for Jaipur from a temple in Chaksu when it came in contact with the wire.The deceased were identified as Vimal Chand (33) and Ram Kalyan (40), they said adding after the incident, the bus also caught fire in which four persons received burn injuries, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322691", "title": "Jayant Chaudhary may vacate Mant assembly seat for wife", "text": "LUCKNOW: Still recuperating from the drubbing in the assembly election, Ajit Singh-led Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) has turned the focus on consolidating its top ranks. While Ajit's son Jayant may vacate the Mant seat to pave way for his wife, senior RLD leaders who were voted out of their strongholds are likely to take the route of Legislative Council. Senior RLD leaders do not rule out the possibility of Jayant, a sitting MP from Mathura, vacating the Mant seat to pave way for his wife Charu Chaudhary.\"There were demands of fielding Charu from the constituency. However, the name of Jayant was eventually finalised,'' said a senior leader.RLD had contested the assembly election in alliance with the Congress. This may give rise to possibility of Congress pressing with its candidate for the Mant seat. RLD leaders, however, point out the delimitation has changed the profile of the seat - areas dominated by Jats have come under Mant. Even though RLD's prospects in UP have been marginalized given the surge of the Samajwadi Party , the seat still remains crucial as the credibility of RLD is attached with it.At the same time, the party is finding hard to ascertain the reasons behind the massive defeat of its many senior leaders in the assembly election. Among the losers are RLD state president Baba Hardev Singh, who contested from Etmadpur constituency in Agra, Kokab Hamid who lost his Baghpat seat and Haji Yakub Qureshi, the powerful Muslim leader who received a drubbing in Sardhana. Most of these leaders have now been reduced to mere fence sitters. Though RLD leaders say nothing has been finalized yet, sources do not rule the possibility of senior leaders being sent to the Legislative Council.But that may not be easy for RLD with Congress vouching for its members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12324054", "title": "Rahman Khan, Shanappa back in Rajya Sabha poll race", "text": "BANGALORE: Deciding against any change, the Congress high command on Sunday renominated Rajya Sabha deputy chairman K Rahman Khan for the sole seat the party is contesting of the total four, to the Upper House on March 30.The state BJP picked outgoing MP KB Shanappa and left the candidate for the other seat to be decided by the central leadership. The likely nominee is retired bureaucrat R Ramakrishna.The last date for filing nomination papers is Monday . A candidate needs 45 first-preference votes to get elected. Going by the numerical strength of parties in the assembly, the BJP can field two candidates, the Congress one, and the fourth seat will be contested by a person who gets the support of either the Congress-JD (S) combination or JD(S)-BJP alliance.This will be Khan's fourth consecutive term in Rajya Sabha. He becomes one of the few Congressmen to be renominated either to Parliament or the state legislature in succession. He served three terms in the legislative council, including as chairman of the House. Congress contenders for this coveted seat were former MPs CK Jaffer Sharief and CM Ibrahim.The JD(S) is waiting for the Congress response to support the fourth candidate for Rajya Sabha. Though several persons have approached the Deve Gowda clan, they have decided to pick one of the three - Kuppendra Reddy, D K Audikesavalu or Rajeev Chandrashekhar, depending on the stand of the Congress. Reddy and Chandrashekhar are trying to secure Congress support, while Audikesavalu is attempting to garner BJP's help.According to Congress sources, the high command is yet to take a decision on whether to give its surplus votes of 26 to the fourth candidate, which would mean getting into an alliance with the JD(S).Reddy, a Congressman close to the Gowda family , had failed in his previous attempt as his party didn't back him. Chandrashekhar became the RS member with the help of the JD(S).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12323216", "title": "CBI conducts raid in Shehla murder case", "text": "KANPUR: CBI officials on Sunday conducted a raid at the Beconganj house of Tabish, a close aide of Irfan alias Shyam, one of the alleged sharp-shooters in the Shehla Masood murder case. Sources said that the raid started in the evening hours at the house of Tabish, son of Mateen, also a historysheeter.On not finding Tabish, the CBI sleuths detained his two brothers Danish and Amir and took the duo along with them to an undisclosed place for questioning. According to sources, the CBI sleuths had been tipped about Tabish by Irfan, who at present is in CBI custody. Irfan was arrested from his Beconganj house in the Industrial City a fortnight ago. It might be noted that RTI activist Shehla Masood was murdered in broad daylight outside her residence in Bhopal's posh Koh-e-Fiza locality on August 16, 2011.The CBI had already arrested a Bhopal-based interior designer Zahida Parvez and Saqib Danger in connection with the killing of Masood.Zahida, who is allegedly believed to be the main conspirator in the case, had hired Irfan, Shanu Olanga and Salim from the city. Shanu Olanga had reportedly been killed in an unrelated incident in the city while Salim is reported to be absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12323167", "title": "Kurmis seek combative role", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Kurmi Samaj has always rendered yeomen service for the cause of nation which is reflected in the contribution of men like Chhatrapati Shivaji, Shahuji Maharaj and Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel but it is unfortunate that youngsters from the community after making through the armed forces fail to find place in the combat category given the absence of a separate Kurmi regiment, said national organisational secretary, Akhil Bhartiya Kurmi Kshatriya Mahasabha, Shyam Sunder Singh Patel.He was addressing the participants of the seminar on the role of Kurmi community in Indian Armed forces here on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325637", "title": "Fashion at its best at this do", "text": "The pre-event preparation and afterparty of an upcoming fashion event proved to be a glitzy affair with models, designers and others making an appearance in their best.Designer Hari Anand, actor Kailash, anchor Ranjini Haridas and reputed models were among the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12327449", "title": "India displaces China as world's largest arms importer", "text": "LONDON: India has become the world's biggest importer of arms, displacing China by accounting for 10 per cent of global arms sales volumes.Over the past five years, India's imports of major weapons increased by 38 per cent between 2007-11, a Swedish security think tank said with Asia topping other regions in arms imports.The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) in its new report said that India was closely followed by China and Pakistan whose weapons imports constituted 5 per cent each of global sales.Pakistan took delivery of \"significant numbers of combat aircrafts during this period : 50 JF-17s from China and 30 F-16s from US,\" SIPRI said.The Swedish think tank said China which had been world's top arms importer in 2006-2007 has now dropped to fourth place, attributing this to improvements in the country's arms industry and its rising arms exports.SIPRI said China is now world's sixth largest world exporter of weapons behind the US, Russia, Germany, France and UK.But \"while the volume of China's arms export is increasing, this is largely a result of Pakistan importing more arms from China.\"\"Beijing has not achieved a major breakthrough in any other significant market,\" the report said.According to SIPRI estimates India is likely to spend more than USD 100 billion on weapons and systems in the next 15 years.The Swedish institute catalogued India's major recent deals as 126 fighter jets and notable deliveries of other combat aircrafts, including 120 Su-30MKs and 16 MIG-29Ks from Russia and 20 Jaguars from UK.Other deals include transport planes, submarines and a range of naval vessels, Tanks, small arms and artillery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12324115", "title": "They do their bit by donating blood", "text": "LUDHIANA: Model Town resident, Neeru Chopra, a homemaker, is happy to have done for society. She donated blood at a camp organized by Zindagi Live Foundation at Pindi Dyal Dharmashala on Sunday. It really feels great. Every healthy person should donate blood as it is used to save lives, says the 40-year-old.Gurunanak Pura resident, 50-year-old Balram Mehta, an accounts professional, who is a regular blood donor says, My blood group is O positive and I donate blood regularly. It gives me immense satisfaction as the blood is used for thalassaemic children.The team collected 344 units of blood from Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) and civil hospital. Foundation chairman Ashok Marwaha and president, Parveen Sony Bakshi affirmed their pledge towards the cause of providing support to thalasaemic kids. General secretary Yogesh Gupta said 12 injections to kids suffering from hepatitis C have been already administered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12323539", "title": "Four held for firing", "text": "JAIPUR: The Sodala police station officers on Sunday arrested four men in connection with the firing in Vaishali Nagar's Hanuman Nagar area on Saturday. Police said the three who sustained bullet injuries have also been placed under custody.Three men, identified as Mukesh Bairwa, Mukesh Yadav and Manish Agrawal, who had barged into the house of property dealer Raghuveer Singh, were shot at by Singh and admitted to SMS Hospital in serious condition late on Saturday night, police said.\"At least six men including Mukesh Yadav, Manish Khandelwal, Vijendra Singh, Kanhaiya Lal, Bhawani Singh and Mukesh Bairwa armed with guns had barged into Singh's house and started ransacking the house,\" said a police officer. Suddenly Raghuveer Singh opened fire at them from the roof of the house.Police said that Vijendra and Raghuveer were once partners in property business and later had had a dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12327251", "title": "Balakrishna becomes villain and NTR a hero!", "text": "Balakrishna's derogatory remarks against Chiranjeevi made him a villain to Mega fans.Although there has been professional rivalry between the heroes for decades together, they never crossed swords in public. In fact they have always posed to the cameras as if they were good friends in real life. But everything changed after recent verbal exchanges between them.Mega fans have always been against to Balakrishna and his fans and with the actor's indecent talk about Chiranjeevi, they are considering him as a permanent foe. Contrary to Balakrishna, the younger star from Nandamuri family, Jr. NTR has been maintaining good relations with mega family. Recently he was seen having a friendly chat with Pawan Kalyan at Ram Charan's engagement.The latest heart stealing moment of NTR was Ram Charan's presence at Badshah launch and the stars leaving the venue in Charan's car. With this the mega fans are considering NTR as mega family friend and we can expect unconditional support for him for Dammu. Also we can expect the same from NTR's fans to Gabbar Singh and Racha.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321810", "title": "Imitation cough syrups seized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Several teams of the state food and drugs department have cracked down on the medical stores selling Schedule H drugs without prescription and seized 10 lakh bottles worth Rs 4 crore during the drive last week.The intelligence branch officials raided medical stores in Motera, Sabarmati, Jamalpur, Behrampura, Odhav and Maninagar and seized medicines containing Codeine.Talking about the raids, Dr H G Koshiya, commissioner, Food and Drugs Control Administration, Gandhinagar, said that in a recent report by national intelligence, it was mentioned that Corex and similar brands of cough syrups were in top 10 selling brands in western zone.\"In an arid region like Gujarat, cough syrups are not that much consumed. Thus, we deducted that the drugs contain habit forming Codeine Phosphate and it might be consumed by the addicts. Hence, we decided to conduct raids. We are prohibiting over the counter sales of such drugs in the state,\" he said.The department officials added that the raid also fetched a number of products where only brand names were mentioned on the label and generic (chemical) names were not printed, which was violation of the law. Such medicines have also been seized. The seized medicines include Corex, Rexcof, Coughband, Recodex, RCough, Rexcon, Rextas, Codorex and Rex Cough produced by various pharma companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325688", "title": "Deepika Padukone times her moves", "text": "The actress manages to reach a party right when her ex-boyfriend Ranbir arrivedPractice what you preach. If anyone believes in this old adage it is Deepika Padukone . The actress, who is the ambassador for a luxury watch brand, is taking her sense of timing quite seriously. At a recent party hosted by choreographers Bosco Ceasar, Dippy's arrival coincided with her ex-boyfriend Ranbir Kapoor , who she had been avoiding over the past couple of years, until recently.What is surprising is that in a city where nobody seems to reach any place on time, here are two stars who managed to keep pace with each other, even though they were in two different parts of the city- Dippy in Prabhadevi, Ranbir in Powai where he was attending an event with Imtiaz Ali and Karan Johar . The former lovers and now co-stars reached Andheri at 11.30 pm. In fact, Mirror spotted Imtiaz escorting Deepika in.It did not end there. Both Ranbir and Deepika left the party within 20 minutes. While at 11.50 pm, Ranbir walked to his car, KJo was spotted escorting Dippy to hers.Considering Ranbir and Dippy are now busy reading the scripts in the vales of Manali with each other for Ayaan Mukerji's Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani, perhaps it is time to let bygones be...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12321604", "title": "Badminton association may call elections soon", "text": "NAGPUR: As expected the annual general meeting (AGM) of the Nagpur District Badminton Association (NDBA) turned out to be a stormy affair with angry members asking the uncomfortable questions which put the executive body on the backfoot.The air-conditioned hall of CP Club generated plenty of heat as members started grilling the officials from the word go. The factions within the NDBA came to the fore in front of observer SA Shetty, who is also the secretary of Maharashtra Badminton Association (MBA), here on Sunday.In a meeting, which lasted for more than two hours and was held after a gap of couple of years, members fired several questions which put the Balbir Singh Renu and Company in uncomfortable position.Most of the members, who attended the meeting, were surprised to see the attitude of the EC members who had no answers to these questions.\"We asked several questions to them and their answers baffled us. They were negative in their approach and gave the impression as if they are not controlling the NDBA,\" said one of the life members.According to the sources, the members pointed out the lapses in the constitution and need for an urgent corrections in it.\"The NDBA is affiliated to the MBA. Therefore, we should follow the constitution of the parent body. There are lot of amendments to be done in the constitution,\" said a patron, who is also a lawyer by profession.Then members asked why the AGM was not held since 2009 and why there was lack of serious efforts to take the game forward in the region.\"We pointed out the issue of used shuttles. The NDBA had spent more than Rs 3 lakh on the shuttles during the tournaments in the last three years. The question is why didn't NDBA sell the used shuttles to generate money,\" said a member.Mangesh Kashikar, who took charge as secretary few months back, did a fine job by generating Rs 14,000 from the sell of old shuttles which were used during the last two district-level tournaments.Besides that, members alleged that the present NDBA body failed in convincing the sponsors and organisers to conduct the district and state-level tournaments in the city.A member of the Bhagini Mandal, who attended the meeting, alleged that they did not get any cooperation from NDBA officials to hold their annual tourney. The local season normally starts with a Bhagini Mandal-organised tourney but sadly in 2011 they could not conduct the tourney as they did not get dates from the NDBA.Smarting the onslaught of the unhappy members, the NDBA president said they will call for an EC meeting in the first week of April and then decide the future course of action.\"Our first target is to complete the unfinished accounts which will be done immediately after the financial year ends (March 31, 2012). Soon after we will have EC meeting in which we may decide the date of the special AGM and elections. We are aware that some of the members are not pleased with our efforts but we tried our best. We could have done better had our members were active enough,\" said Renu.\"MBA observer Shetty informed us that our term ends in September and before that we have to form a new body which will run the game in the region for next four years,\" said the long-standing president NDBA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12321041", "title": "Air India switches to smaller plane on Delhi route", "text": "NAGPUR: It is symbolic of all that is wrong with national carrier Air India. When private carriers are planning to increase their capacity on busy Nagpur-Delhi sector in anticipation of holiday season, in a strange move, Air India has decided to operate a smaller 68-seat ATR aircraft on the sector from March 25 instead of 114 seat Airbus 319 being operated now.The move would mean lower revenue for itself and direct benefit to private operators. A couple of years ago Air India discontinued its flights to Kolkata and Hyderabad, sectors that private airlines like Indigo, Spice Jet and JetLite are successfully operating in.Sources informed that on an average almost 100 passengers including VIPs travelled daily between national capital and the city, many of them by executive class. The present flight was clubbed with Raipur sector.The move by Air India to bring in smaller aircraft will mean executive class would no longer be available on this sector. Air India (9.10 am) along with Indigo (7.30 am and 6.05 pm), Spice Jet (8.35pm) and Go Air (10.15pm) operate flights to New Delhi from Nagpur.There's a considerable traffic to Delhi of politicians, VIPs and government officials and all prefer to travel by the 'full service' morning flight. Many take onward flights from Delhi.Milind Dhanorkar, a frequent flier, said that passengers have demanded restoration of AI flight to Kolkata and evening flight to New Delhi that was withdrawn a couple of years back.\"Now introducing smaller aircraft will further lower the seat capacity to Delhi and would be detrimental to Air India as its dedicated passengers will be forced to fly other airlines,\" Dhanorkar added.A senior Air India official requesting anonymity confirmed that AI will be operating a 68-seat ATR flight on Delhi route from March 25.Officials said that there were 'operational' reasons for change. The new flight will take off from Delhi at 6am, reach Nagpur at 7.35am. It will leave Nagpur at 8am and reach Delhi at 9.35am.Air India has also decided to start a separate Delhi-Raipur-Delhi flight simultaneously. This will save time of both Raipur and Nagpur passengers, the officials said. AI has also planned to introduce a flight in the evening using the same 68-seat ATR aircraft. The timings and revised fares will be announced shortly, the official informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12323593", "title": "Madhya Pradesh tribal woman to be awarded with special sanitation prize", "text": "BHOPAL: Anita Narre from tribal-dominated Baitul district of Madhya Pradesh, who became a role model for sanitation movement, will be tomorrow awarded with a special prize at a function in New Delhi.Anita, 23, who almost risked her marriage over the absence of an indoor lavatory, will be honored with the \"Sulabh Sanitation Award\" by Union Minister for Rural Development and Panchayati Raj Jairam Ramesh.The cash prize of Rs five lakh was announced by Sulabh International chairman Bindeshwar Pathak after Anita took a \"bold\" step in insisting for an indoor toilet at her in-law's village where open air defecation is a norm like most of rural India.Her insistence on having a toilet at her in-law's place not only compelled her husband to take up the issue with the Panchayat at his native in Jheetudhana in Betul district but also made Sulabh International adopt Anita's village for its \"Total Cleanliness Drive\".Anita, who married Shivram Narre on May 13, 2011, returned to her parent's house at Chincholi after discovering that her in-law's place lack the indoor facility.She returned only after the toilet was constructed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322550", "title": "Clutch of cases against ex-DMK ministers in SC today", "text": "NEW DELHI: A bunch of cases challenging dismissal of graft charges against former DMK ministers is slated to come up before the Supreme Court on Monday that could finally decide on whether the politicians will face trial.The AIADMK government has challenged a trial court's order discharging the former ministers of offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act. The cases were filed by the directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption with regard to DMK functionaries who had held office between 1996 and 2001.Disproportionate assets cases were filed against Arumugam, then minister for agriculture; Durai Murugan , then minister for public works; R K Panneerselvam, then minister for backward classes; I Periyasamy, then minister for rural development; S Raghupathy, then minister for housing and urban development; K N Nehru, then minister for food and civil supplies and P Kulandai, then mayor of Madurai.The DMK leaders got relief from the high court but the politically sensitive cases have now been brought to the SC with AIADMK back in power that reversed the M Karunanidhi government's decision not to file an appeal or a revision.The petitioners before the SC had filed revision petitions before the HC pointing out that chargesheet had been filed and a prima facie case had been made. The HC, however, rejected the revision petitions pursuant to which the petitioners filed special leave petitions before the SC arguing that the HC had erred in dismissing the petitions. It was also claimed that all the accused were holding high offices in the state government due to which the state had not challenged the discharge orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12323909", "title": "Lawyers firm on siege to Vidhan Soudha", "text": "BANGALORE: Lawyers threatened to hit the road and lay siege to Vidhana Soudha on Tuesday, in defiance of police who refused permission for a plan by the AAB to take out a rally from the city civil court complex.Demanding that ban orders promulgated in the area, under Section 144 CrPC, be lifted immediately , AAB said the government will be responsible if any untoward incident takes place.AAB president KN Subba Reddy claimed that 10,000 lawyers from all over the state will take part in the protest. AAB is demanding action against guilty policemen for alleged atrocities committed on them in the complex on March 2.In a memo dated March 17, 2012, DCP (central) told AAB that its request for permission to take out a Vidhana Soudha chalo rally cannot be granted in view of the ban orders. Additional commissioner of police T Suneel Kumar said prohibitory orders are in place due to the budget session of the state legislature.Reddy said youngsters in their ranks were not appreciative of police conduct. Terming it as a 'deliberate move' , he said the protest was already planned and they would stick to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325997", "title": "I'm teased for my Ray obsession: Anik", "text": "When the devoutly religious pass in front of Kalighat, they automatically touch their forehead as a mark of respect for the goddess. When director Anik Dutta drives past Satyajit Ray's house on Bishop Lefroy Road, he also does the same thing!\"My wife tells me that in my mind, I make a gesture of touching my forehead to pay my respect to Manik-da ( Satyajit Ray ) whenever I go past his Bhishop Lefroy Road residence in Kolkata. All my friends know how Ray's movies are part of my subconscious.That's why I am always teased about my Ray obsession.\" So, did his obsession not influence him largely in the making of \"Bhooter Bhobisyot\"? \"I'd call it references rather than influences. There are some dialogues where the Ray references have come in. But the story is completely my own construct,\" he insists. As for the response to his movie, Anik is happy.\"There are houseful boards and I've been told that the movie tickets are being sold in the black market too!\" he adds. Is it true that the director has himself dubbed for actor Kharaj Mukherjee in the film? \"Yes, that's correct. Kharaj had met with an accident and there was no way he could dub during that time. It's kind of funny that I had to dub for Kharaj - who has done such a lot of work as a dubbing artiste. One can say that I did a Kharaj on Kharaj,\" the director signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12321856", "title": "Missile unit to come up at Ibrahimpatnam", "text": "HYDERABAD: A surface-to-air missile unit is all set to come up at a cost of Rs 30,000 crore at Ibrahimpatnam in Ranga Reddy district. The foundation stone for the project by Bharat Dynamics Limited (BDL) was laid by chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Sunday.The infrastructure for the project, spread over 630 acres of land, will be ready in three years' time. Initially, an estimated 6,000 missiles are expected to be produced at the unit which would be equipped to subsequently expand production to keep up with the demand.M Pallam Raju, the Union minister of state for defence, said that the project budget would be allocated in the 12th and 13th Plans. Project developer BDL's turnover would go from Rs 1,000 crore to Rs 5,000 crore once production begins at the surface-to-air missile defence project unit at Ibrahimpatnam. The new unit will create 1,000 officer-level jobs and Pallam Raju said that manpower from educational institutions should be churned out as per industry requirements to enable the local population to benefit from the project and find employment at the unit.The Union minister said that training in the necessary skills should be offered at the technological institutions for the local populace to be able to compete at the national level for the jobs that are created. The minister said that the Centre would soon come out with a policy that facilitates better private sector participation in the defence sector.Kiran Kumar said that the state government was working on allocating 6,000 to 7,000 acres of land for various defence projects including three each by BDL and BEL, two for ECIL and one for Midhani. These projects would together generate employment for 10,000 people, the CM added. Kiran Kumar said that as part of the state government's Rajiv Yuva Kiranalu programme, necessary skills were being imparted with students for employment in various sectors. The CM informed that in its first four months, one lakh placements had been made through the programme.Maj Gen Ravi Khetarpal (rtd), chairman and managing director of BDL, said that the Ibrahimpatnam unit would be the company's fourth manufacturing unit in Andhra Pradesh and the fifth in the country. He revealed that the Ibrahimpatnam project would kick off with an initial investment of Rs 2,500 crore.The technology for missile production would be transferred by the DRDO which is collaborating with a foreign partner. He said the country's first indigenous surface-to-air missile 'Akash' was ready, manufactured by BDL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12321791", "title": "Urdu medium enrolment witnesses a sharp fall in Anhdra Pradesh", "text": "The enrolment of students in Urdu medium schools in Andhra Pradesh is falling down sharply. For the ninth year in a row since 2002-03, the number of students in Urdu medium schools in the state has shown a decline. In 2010-11 alone, the enrolment has fallen by 51,000, indicating that there is something seriously wrong with the way these schools are run by the government. What's worse, much of the decline has occurred at the secondary stage.The data on Urdu medium enrolment in the note on school education for 2012-13, tabled in the Assembly recently, must serve as an eye-opener for those making tall claims about promoting Urdu medium education. In the academic year 2002-03, the total enrolment in the Urdu medium schools was 3,66,057, including 2,25,240 in primary classes, 76,230 in upper primary sections and 64,581 in high schools. But the numbers have come down to 2,28,684 in 2010-11, including 1,48,182 in primary classes, 44,108 in upper primary sections, and 36,394 in the high schools.Initially, the scheme for Urdu education was being implemented in only nine mandals identified by the Union government as educationally backward minorities concentrated areas in Kurnool, Kadapa, Anantapur, Nizamabad and Medak districts. Now, this scheme covers all the districts of the state. The objective of this scheme is to provide financial support to the state for appointing new Urdu teachers and paying honorarium to existing Urdu teachers for teaching the students. Financial assistance is provided for appointment of Urdu teachers in any locality where more than 25 per cent of the population is Urdu-speaking. Honorarium is paid to part-time teachers for teaching Urdu to the students at the rate of Rs 1,000 per month. The scheme covers about 1,400 Urdu teachers with a budgetary allocation of Rs 5.84 crore each during 2011-12 and 2012-13.Similarly, the Union government launched the area intensive programme for infrastructure development for minority institutions in 2007-08 with an outlay of Rs 38.78 crore in five phases in the state with 100 per cent central assistance.Incidentally, the data provided by the School Education Department is in sharp contrast to the statistics provided by the District Information System on Education (DISE). The State Report Cards 2010-11 on elementary education in India gives a somewhat better picture of Urdu medium enrolment in AP. The report cites a figure of 3,21,492 children enrolled in Urdu medium schools during the year. The enrolment included 2,05,370 in primary sections, 58,246 in upper primary classes and 57,876 in high schools.While it is for these two state and central agencies to clarify who has the right figures, it is apparent that all is not well with the Urdu medium schools.For years, the vacancies of Urdu teachers have not been filled up in many of these schools, with the result that in the absence of teachers for different subjects, the students found it an easy option to drop out. This may explain why the drop-out rate is on the rise in Urdu medium schools, right from primary and upper primary levels to high schools. The poor quality of education imparted in these schools is also reflected in the low percentage of passes among Urdu medium students in SSC year after year. The authorities must check this drift or else Urdu will suffer a body blow in the state.-Syed Amin Jafri(The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12321028", "title": "Gosikhurd canal being rebuilt", "text": "NAGPUR: Gosikhurd irrigation project, which continues to run behind schedule, is dogged with fresh problems. Its 23 km left bank canal is being rebuilt entirely as it developed cracks under unexplained circumstances. The problem also led to Central Water Commission (CWC) Chairman RC Jha coming down to visit the site last week.The cracks substantially reduce capacity of a canal as water leaks out from them reducing the flow and reach up to the desired distance. It also leads to frequent repair work. The cracks became visible over three years ago but are being addressed only since last one and a half years. Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) is now getting the inner walls of the entire canal dismantled and remade at contractor's cost.CWC chairman after his visit was concerned about the tardy pace of work. \"Even now only dismantling of lining is going on, rebuilding it seems a long way away,\" he told TOI. Normally, the entire job should have been done in a year but strangely not even dismantling has been completed yet, he added. \"Maybe, the contractor is delaying the work because it has to be done at his cost,\" said a source who was part of inspection team.CWC team visited the site following a complaint by member of legislative assembly from Chimur Vijay Wadettiwar, who alleges a nexus between contractors and VIDC officials for poor work that led to the cracks. Jha refused to comment on this aspect. \"A day's visit is too little to draw conclusion on cause. Cracks can develop due to various reasons. At times, it is because inner panels are too wide instead of being segmented. Vibrations of nearby traffic nearby can lead to the problem too,\" he said.Jha added cracks could have also been due to improper filling of walls, hinting at sub-standard work. The filling, he said, has to be done using specialized cohesive non-swelling soil in sufficient quantity. Talking to TOI after returning to Delhi, Jha admitted that the work on left bank canal reflected poor workmanship, especially in filling of canal walls.He said some parts of the right canal have also developed cracks. However, problem is not as severe as in the left side. The reasons were being probed, he said. At the same time, he commended the quality of work on main dam saying that it has neared completion and the project is expected to be ready during the 12{+t}{+h} five year plan.Though the canal is being rebuilt, delay in dam itself has been a saving grace for VIDC. Even if the canal were ready by now, the dam has not been built to height necessary for releasing water in it. \"The height has to be extended by another metre or so but the work has been held up due to opposition from project affected persons,\" said Executive Director of VIDC PC Zapke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12323535", "title": "Cops beat driver to death in Morena", "text": "BHOPAL: More than a 100 people, including local politicians on Sunday laid siege to the residence of Morena district Superintendent of police for almost an hour, demanding arrest of policemen who beat up a driver for refusing to give \" Holi gift\", leading to his death.The agitators placed the body of the driver Acchay Singh Sikarwar, raised anti-police slogans and demanded legal action against policemen, who allegedly thrashed the driver with lathis and kicked him breaking his ribs inflicting injuries on his private parts.Initially, the driver was admitted to the Morena district hospital. After his condition improved a little, Sikarwar himself went to the nearby office of the superintendent of police to lodge a complaint against the policemen. Later, his condition turned critical and he was referred to Gwalior where he died late Saturday night, the protesters said.The protesters alleged that the policemen, including one identified as Brijendra Tomar, demanded Rs 200 as \"Holi gift\" from the driver of private bus which was operating illegally. Policemen got infuriated after Sikarwar offered them Rs 50 saying that they were just constables and not an inspector to demand Rs 200.The protesters called off their agitation after the superintendent of police held a discussion with them.Superintendent of Police (SP) Sanjay Kumar told TOI, \"About 50 to 100 people had come to my residence and raised the issue. I told them that already the Sub Divisional Officer of Police (SDOP) was inquiring into the matter and showed them the post-mortem report,\" he added.Assuring a fair a speedy probe he said the guilty will be punished. When asked about the allegation that policemen had roughed up the driver after he refused to pay them money, he said \"They are all allegations. The driver died of enlarged spleen. In fact he was unwell for some time\", he argued.When asked whether Sikarwar had complained to him about the incident the SP denied saying that on March 11 Sikarwar's wife had approached with a complaint.Referring to the delay in the probe, Kumar said it got affected due to investigations into the death of young IPS officer Narendra Kumar on Holi. After the completion of the inquiry into the causes of Sikarwar's death action would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323096", "title": "Taking 'note' of every Sachin ton", "text": "CHENNAI: The nation's wait for Sachin Tendulkar's 100th ton has been arduously long. But for M L Rajesh it was probably twice the anxiety. A resident of New Gummidipoondi, located 45 km north of Chennai, Rajesh too, like millions others in the country, idolises the Little Master. However, what's interesting is that Rajesh, an accountant, collects currency notes with serial numbers that match the milestones in Tendulkar's life.\"I got the opportunity to meet Sachin in Chennai during IPL 2010 and showed him two ten-rupee notes with serial numbers corresponding to his date of birth. Sachin was quite surprised and even asked if he could keep one of them. The fact that Sachin was taken up by my gesture spurred me to go all out and make a complete collection,\" said Rajesh.The collection has swelled to 100 notes of ten-rupee denomination now, with the last six digits corresponding to each year right from Sachin's year of birth (24-04-73). \"I hope he completes a century of years as well, which is why I have collected notes amounting to a hundred years,\" adds the thirty-two year old, holding aloft a framed collection of neatly stacked notes.That is not all. Rajesh has a collection of 100 ten-rupee notes, with serial numbers matching the date on which Tendulkar scored his centuries - starting with the ton at Old Trafford in August 1990 till his 100th ton in Dhaka on March 16, 2012.Procuring notes with particular serial numbers wasn't any an easy task, said Rajesh. He has his sources and pays around 10 times the value to get the desired numbers. \"It takes around 15 days to get a single note of a particular serial number and costs around Rs 150. The wait for Sachin's 100th century has been the toughest. I had bought around 10 notes last year corresponding to the days he was playing, only to be disappointed. I was quite sure he would score his ton against Bangladesh in the Asia Cup. I ordered for the 100th note with last six digits reading 160312, 10 days before the match. I'm glad he didn't let me down this time.\" Rajesh has collected unique-number notes for 50 celebrities, including the likes of Mahendra Singh Dhoni , Virender Sehwag and Sourav Ganguly.Founder of the Gandhi World Foundation, a non-profit organisation that seeks to bring about awareness about the 'Father of the Nation' among children, Rajesh also runs a cricket academy which trains young boys from Tiruvalur.He wishes to hand over his collection to his idol on April 4 in Chennai when Mumbai Indians take on Chennai Super Kings in the opening match of IPL V. \"I'm sure Sachin will love it. And hopefully it will help me linger in his memory for a little while longer, said Rajesh with optimism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "12323574", "title": "Invigilators, students sit for literacy evaluation test", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: Seventy-year-old Bhootu Devi of Kishangarh Bas can't write her name correctly in Hindi or English. But she was elated after she came out of a literacy evaluation test conducted at 2,500 centres across Alwar district. The reason for her smile was that her answersheet was properly filed by the invigilators to improve the literacy figures of the district.In order to improve the literacy figures of Alwar, the authorities were allegedly involved in foul play during the basic literacy evaluation test conducted at 2,500 centres across the district. Teachers and literate people, including school students, were seen taking part in the exam on behalf of the illiterate people.The same examination was conducted across the state in every district as a part of the Literacy India campaign.A TOI team visited half-a-dozen examination centres of the evaluation conducted by the district literacy authorities on Sunday and found that teachers and invigilators were seen filling the answersheets on behalf of the illiterate candidates who were appearing in the examination.\"Moko kachu naa pato, masterji ne copy bhar di (I have no idea as my teacher has filled the answer sheets),\" said 70-year-old Bhootu Devi, a native of Kishangarh Bas village in the district after coming out of her exam.Similar scenes were witnessed at other centres of the district where either the invigilators or the schoolchildren fill up the answer sheets of the literacy evaluation test taken for the illiterate people in the district.Illiterate people aging from 14 to 60 years are allured with many facilities, including pension card, BPL card and medical diary, to participate in the exam. According to reliable sources, the district administration was keen to improve the literacy rate to vie for the President award.The examination centre in Sawadi village was locked from inside when TOI team visited there. Not even a single illiterate person was seen in the school and only school girls crowded the place despite being a Sunday. \"Our teachers had asked us to come for an exam. There were very simple questions and I answered them all,\" said a girl student of Class VI.Many illiterate persons were annoyed that when they visited the examination centre, they were disallowed by the teachers. \"I had gone for the examination but they told me I was not capable enough to pass this exam,\" said Bhairulal of Machedi village.According to sources, the district collectorate and the literacy authorities have asked the teachers to ensure a cent per cent result in the exam meant to find out the literacy rate of the district. Despite several attempts, the district collector was not available for comments.However, when contacted district literacy officer, Rajendra Mohan Sharma, said, \"The examination was conducted smoothly at nearly 2,489 centres across the district. There has been no complaints in this regard. If we get any complaint, we will definitely take an action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12324138", "title": "Bablu, Satwinder shine in cricket", "text": "LUDHIANA: Many employees of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) and Hero DMC Heart Institute (HDHI) participated in the annual sports meet held on Saturday.Principal Dr Daljit Singh, medical superintendents Dr B S Shah and Dr Ashwani Chaudhary were the special guests on the occasion.The participants tried their luck in various events including volleyball, table tennis, cricket, badminton, sprint and shot put. The meet concluded with a prize distribution ceremony.ResultsCricket: Subhash Sharma &amp; team (DMCH), Runner-up: Ashwani Kumar &amp; team (HDHI) Man of match: Satwinder Singh Man of the series: Bablu Volleyball: Suram Singh &amp; team, Runners-up: Sanjeet Singh Negi &amp; team Hockey: Bahadur Singh &amp; team, Runners-up: Subhash Sharma &amp; team Football: Jagtar Singh &amp; team, Runners-up: Ravinder Singh &amp; team Basketball: Jagtar Singh &amp; team, Runners-up: Nikhil Sabharwal &amp; team Tug of war: Hakam Singh &amp; team (security), Runners-up: Joga Singh &amp; team Carom singles: Ashok Kumar Carom doubles: Mangal Singh &amp; Bhagwant Singh Badminton (men) (singles): Sanjeev Kumar Badminton (men) (doubles): Pawan Kumar &amp; Rakesh Kumar Badminton ( women ) (doubles): Saroj Kumari &amp; Anchal Bhardwaj Badminton (women) (singles): Saroj Kumari Table tennis (singles): Arvind Sharda Table tennis (doubles): Gurpreet Singh &amp; Arvind Sharda 100m sprint (men): Hari Singh 100m sprint (women): Sandeep Kaur 200m sprint (women): Shaveta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12322477", "title": "Ceiling fans stolen from Shiv Sena office", "text": "NASHIK: Ceiling fans, speakers and other items worth Rs 27,000 were stolen from the Shiv Sena office at Shalimar.The Bhadrakali police said the thieves scaled a wall behind the office to enter the third floor that houses an assembly hall between 8pm of March 16 and 10.30am of March 17. A case was registered with the police in the evening after the persons decamped with five ceiling fans, an air-cooler, four speakers and an amplifier.Some Sena workers made enquiries and nabbed three suspects, all drug addicts, and handed them over to the police, and recovered most of the goods from them, sources said.Cylinder thief caught: A person was caught red-handed trying to steal a cylinder as family members of the house woke up with the noise. Dadya Kalya, along with his accomplices, Manoj Pardeshi and Pravan Kandu, entered the house from the terrace, at Mahini Plaza, Goraksha Nagar, Panchavati, at 2.15am on March 17Durgesh Shinde and his family woke up as they tried to steal the cylinder, but Kalya's accomplices escaped. A case was registered with the Panchavati police at 3.40am.Goods stolen: Some persons broke into the house of Rajkumar Adarwad, Saichhaya row house, Dindori Road, Panchavati, between 6pm on March 7 and 11pm on March 8, and decamped with goods worth Rs 3,300. The persons took away teak furniture, a starter, capacitor and pipes. A theft case has been registered with the Panchavati police.Hit-and-run case: A case of hit-and-run was registered against Shivaji Khairnar, after a youth was killed, but he fled from the scene without informing the police.According to the Adgaon police, the accident occurred around 5pm on March 17 at Hotel Jashan, on the Mumbai-Agra highway. Khairnar was in his car, on the way from Ojhar to Nashik, when it hit a motorcycle ridden by Arun Shewale from behind. Arun was injured but his son Swapnil Shewale (15) was killed.Chain-snatching: A case of chain-snatching was reported from Amrutdham and a complaint was registered with the Adgaon police. Vidya Deshmukh (63) was going home along with her granddaughter, when two persons on a black motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 90,000, at noon on Saturday.Vehicle burnt: Anil Shirod's Tata Nano car was set ablaze between 9.45pm on March 16 and 12.45am on March 17. The car owner filed a case against Abhijeet Samb-hre as earlier there was an altercation between the two over some issue. Shirod, a resident of Uttam Nagar, and Sambhre, from Rajratna Nagar (Cidco) had a heated exchange of words, when the accused broke the car windows and then set it ablaze, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325756", "title": "No remake for Vettaiyadu Villaiyadu", "text": "Director Gautham Menon's hit, Vettaiyadu Villaiyadu, was in the news recently. There were rumours that the director will soon remake the movie in Hindi.And that the director was planning to cast one of the Khans to essay the lead that Kamal Haasan did in the original.However, the director brushing aside the rumours says, \"It's a false news created by the media. There is absolutely no truth in it.\"With his recent Ek Deewana Tha bombing at the box office, it looks like Gautham Menon has decided to play it safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "12323066", "title": "College students beat one to death in Canacona, nabbed", "text": "CANACONA: Several people watched as one Sandip Kale, 35, from Gaondongorim, Canacona, was allegedly beaten to death by college students Jitendra Allalia, alias Jitu, and Govil Bhaireli at around 9pm on Saturday at Carvem, Canacona.Allalia, originally from Bhatpal, Karnataka, and Bhaireli, of Char-Rasta, were arrested from their Canacona residences Sunday morning.Canacona police said the assault was due to previous enmity and that the duo waited for Kale who was riding his two-wheeler to assault him. Police said Allalia and Bhaireli kicked Kale, threw stones at him, punched him and hit him on the head with a stick before fleeing and leaving him bleeding on the roadside.Sources said several people watched the assault but did not come to Kale's help. They informed the police and Kale was taken to Canacona hospital around 10pm, after the accused had left the spot.Kale was declared dead at the hospital. \"We have identified the duo that allegedly killed the man and arrested them,\" Canacona PI Rajesh Kumar said.Police further said that after assaulting Kale the accused went at Pansulem, Canacona, and tried to assault Dattprasad Samant. They told Samant they had assaulted Kale. Based on this statement, and the complaint lodged by Samant, Canacona police arrested Allalia and Bhaireli.Police said Kale pleaded for mercy but the accused did not listen to him, and added that all were in an intoxicated condition.Police said the duo had intended assaulting Kale. After news of the death spread, Kale's friends and relatives tried to storm the homes of Allalia and his accomplices on Sunday morning but were stopped by police. Later in the evening his Allalia's house was damaged by a crowd on 450, police said.Police sent the body to Hospicio hospital, Margao for autopsy. Allalia and Bhaireli have been arrested under Section 302 (murder) of IPC read with Section 34 (common intention).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12323614", "title": "State anthem, prayer to cement Bihari bonds", "text": "PATNA: Biharis will get their own state anthem and a state prayer song that would speak about their close ties with their motherland and also about the progress of the state, on the occasion of this year's Bihar Diwas. CM Nitish Kumar will release a CD of both the state anthem and prayer song on March 21 at 5pm at the CM secretariat, Samwad.The state government claims that it is taking this step with a view to strengthening unity among Biharis across the world. Several months back, the state government had invited entries for selection of state anthem and prayers song. Out of about 1,500 entries received, around 96 (46 for the state anthem and 50 for state prayer) were shortlisted by a team of experts constituting famous poet Arun Kamal, Surendra Snigdh and Ravindra Rajhans. CM Nitish Kumar himself selected the final two - one as 'Bihar Gaan' and the other as 'Bihar Prarthna song'.Bollywood's famous music duo 'Shiv-Hari'- Shiv Kumar Sharma and Hariprasad Chaurasia - has composed the music of both. They recorded both the songs in February this year.The lyricist of Bihar anthem - 'Mere Bharat ke kanthhaar'- sung by Udit Narayan and Sadhna Sargam, is a city-based poet, Satya Narayan. Narayan, a former history teacher and state government's employee had been awarded the Gopal Singh Nepali Puraskar for best poem in 1991 and Dr Shambhu Nath Singh Navgeet Puraskar in 2009.On the other hand, the state prayer - 'Meri raftaar pe Suraj ki kiran naaz kare' - sung by Udit Narayan has been written by MR Chishti, a teacher at Urdu Middle School, Marwan block in Muzaffarpur.This 14-minute CD, which will be released by the CM on Wednesday, contains four songs each of around 3.5 minutes. Video of the songs has not been prepared. \"The audio CD will not be available for sale in market,\" Yashwant Parashar, coordinator of cultural programme of Bihar Diwas, told TOI.Initially, one lakh CDs have been prepared and distributed free among around 76,000 government schools in the state. Parashar added, \"We are planning to make a link at the state government's website for free downloading of both the songs.\"It would be mandatory for every government school in the state to play the state anthem and prayer song daily along with other prayers and national anthem during assembly. Every college and government institution would also be directed to perform the song during every special function, just like the national anthem, 'Jana gana mana'.\"We have also submitted a proposal to the government seeking permission to allow some music company to manufacture more CDs of the state anthem and prayer song and sell them at a subsidized rate, said Parashar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12323997", "title": "361 cases disposed of at mega lok adalat in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: About 361 pending cases like motor accident claims, cheque bounce etc to the tune of Rs 1.09 crore were disposed at the mega lok adalat held here at the district court campus on Sunday.The advantage of a mega lok adalat is, that there is no strict application of procedural laws like Civil Procedure Code, Evidence Act while assessing the claims. The parties to the dispute can directly interact with the presiding judge and members through their counsel which is not possible in the regular courts of law. The award of lok adalat is binding on the parties and it has the status of decree of a civil court. The decree passed in the lok adalat cannot be challenged in a regular appeal.Out of the chosen 344 cases in motor accident claims, 177 were disposed, while 17 out of 19 civil and 167 out of 177 cheque bounce cases were disposed at the adalat.The mega lok adalats are organised in order to reduce the pending cases. Speaking on the occasion after inaugurating the adalat, R Sridharan, sub-judge and secretary, District Legal Services Authority said these kind of lok adalats continued to be organised as per the policies of the National Legal Services Authority to reduce the long pendency of cases in motor accident claims, insurance claims and cheque bounces.About 500 people participated in this adalat. Over eight insurance companies and officials of the Tamil Nadu Transport corporation also took part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12322470", "title": "Vehicle owners join rush for DM series", "text": "NASHIK: Owners of new vehicles are making a beeline to the regional transport office (RTO) to get registration numbers of their choice with the DM series, which started on Friday.The RTO earned Rs 14.45 lakh by issuing select numbers to 155 vehicles on Friday. Officials said they had received 199 applications from vehicle owners for numbers of their choice. While numbers that had single requests were allotted immediately, numbers in demand from more than one party were distributed through a lottery system.While the fee for MH 15 DM 0001 stood at Rs 1 lakh, numbers like 999, 9999 and 777 went for around Rs 50,000 each, officials said. Regional transport officer Chandrakant Kharatmal said there were 22 numbers which had more than one applicant and draws were held in the evening to ensure transparency.On whether there was a directive from the government to conduct an auction for choice numbers to earn more revenue, Kharatmal said a move was under consideration but had not yet been approved.Ahead of the conclusion of the current financial year, the launch of the DM series by the RTO has come as a boon as it has been given a target of Rs 307 crore and Rs 169 crore has to be collected from Nashik alone.Kharatmal said he was sure revenue from the DM series was nearly thrice compared to numbers in earlier series. He said 155 vehicle owners were given the number on Friday and the others would be allotted numbers over the next few days, with the total revenue coming to around Rs 20 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12324004", "title": "After birds, it's animal scare at Indore Airport", "text": "INDORE: After birds' menace, the Ahilyabai Holkar Airport authorities are battling a new problem in the form of stray animals roaming on the runway. The presence of wild dogs and jackals on the runway is giving nightmares for the airlines operating from here.Airport officials are now planning to seek the help of forest department to deal with the problem.On Friday, a jackal was spotted on the runway during landing of Delhi-Indore flight. The pilot had great difficulty in landing the aircraft safely.\"Though this was first such incident after shifting of airport operation to the new terminal building in February, we still are taking no chances. We will be taking up the issue with the forest department officials to keep wild dog and jackal away from the runway,\" said an Airport official seeking anonymity.When contacted, DFO Saeed Khan told TOI, \"The forest department has not received any request from airport authority in this regard. We are willing to assist in every possible manner to deal with the problem.\"Even in the past, the department has been sending its team to catch wild animals from the airport area, he added.\"We usually send our rescue team with cage, who set trap and catch jackals and leave them in forest,\" said Khan adding that in the recent past, forest department had caught three jackals at the airport.However, he said that wild dog doesn't come under wild animal category and hence it was the responsibility of civic body to catch them.He further said that airports are generally located on the outskirts of the city and are surrounded by villages and areas without much habitation making it easier for wild animals to stray in. In the areas around Indore airport, jackal, wild dog and few other wild animals are found.Airport Authourity of India (AAI) has marked Indore airport as sensitive in view of the large number of presence of birds around the airport. Since June 2011, eight incidents of bird-hit have been reported at Indore airport damaging the aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323089", "title": "830 people rounded up in police sweep", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police on Saturday arrested 830 people, including rowdies and ex-convicts, in a storming operation. Police cite the sweep as a move to prevent any law and order problem in the city.Police said the main aim of the operation was to nab criminals and fugitives. A total of 156 people were arrested under Sections 109 and 110 of the CrPC, 9 were arrested under non-bailable warrants, 70 for drunk driving and 595 habitual offenders and ex-convicts.\"We have strengthened night patrolling to nab criminals,\" said a senior police officer.The operation was ordered by city police commissioner J K Tripathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12329040", "title": "Salman, Priyanka, Bachchan to perform at IPL 2012 opening night", "text": "The IPL opening night promises to be a Bollywood extravaganza as Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra and Amitabh Bachchan have been zeroed in as guest performers.Last year it was Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif who enthralled Chennai at the IPL opening night. This year its SRK's arch rival Salman Khan who will be entertaining the audience on the big evening. Priyanka Chopra will give Salman company as she too will dance on her popular numbers.IPL authorities revealed, \"The fifth edition of the iconic competition will not only promise unprecedented action and on-field entertainment , but will also launch an evening of glitz and glamour as international stars take to the stage on the eve of the first match. The curtain will open at the YMCA College of Physical Education Nandanam in Chennai on 3rd April 2012 to a galaxy of star performances.Shri Amitabh Bachchan in his true inimitable style will usher in a sizzling new season of the world's hottest cricket league, whilst former Miss World and die hard cricket fan, Priyanka Chopra and dancing sensation Prabhudheva, will set the stage alight with dynamic performances.Bollywood superstar Salman Khan will do what he does best in turning heads and setting pulses racing, leaving the audience asking for more. The Chennai heat is set to sizzle more with performances by International musicians &amp; Colonial Cousins, back together with Once Again!All nine team captains of the IPL teams will be present.Amitabh Bachchan tweeted, \"IPL Opening extravaganza in Chennai and yours truly is a small part of it ...nervous as hell..a small appearance for the show .. April 3rd is the day for the opening. Preparing for it already .. getting back into the grind.\"Priyanka Chopra too tweeted, \"Ok so what act do u guys suggest I do for the IPL opening ceremony.. Should be so fun!\"IPL Chairman Rajeev Shukla is delighted to welcome stars, cricketers, fans and connoisseurs to the latest season of IPL.\"With four highly successful seasons behind us, we hope to raise the standards of the competition even higher, as we look forward to celebrating DLF IPL 2012 with much fanfare, starting with Opening Nite,\" said Shukla.\"The Opening Nite will also feature performance from a Leading International artist who will be announced soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325625", "title": "Prateik's the sweetest and most caring guy: Amy Jackson", "text": "She's an adaptor. Her smile is infectious, and her energy, contagious. These are just some of the reasons why Liverpool girl Amy Jackson stands out in the long line of fresh foreign faces to enter BollywoodBritish import Amy Jackson is no ordinary beauty queen. The 20-year-old won the Miss Teen World title when she was only 16. She can don a sari with the comfort of a Bharatiya nari, without having worn one until last year. The 5'8-incher can go from bikini bombshell to Lolita, to girl-next-door with the ease of a chameleon. This Aquarian has a smokin' hot body and washboard abs, but claims to have never exercised or dieted until now. \"I swear. I started working out this fortnight, and eat more than before because I feel hungrier now.\" She is head-to-toe perfect at every public arrival, yet is seldom styled by someone other than herself.Ordinary beauty queens pose with deprived kids. When Amy became Miss Liverpool in 2010, she took the plunge in three-metre-long shark-infested waters to raise money for charity. \"I dived into an aquarium's 3.8 million-litre Caribbean reef display to raise funds for the Variety Club of Great Britain,\" says the self-confessed, \"normal English girl\".We caught hold of her for a brief chat, between a high fashion shoot and an appearance at fashion week. In a white shirt and skinny jeans, her hair flowing in loose curls, she looks casual but chic. Fresh-faced and bubbly, she is even prettier in person and an interviewer's delight. Once you get past her Liverpool accent , conversation with her is a breeze. Amy doesn't evade questions or try too hard to sound politically correct. Her body language is one of attentiveness and enthusiasm. \"India has been kind to me. I've made many friends here, especially in Mumbai, in a very short while,\" she leans closer to tell us.Baby steps to stardom Amy, whose screen debut (2010 Tamil film \"Madrasapattinam\") was sold out for six weeks straight, is far from the poker-faced white model-turned-actress factory product. After landing a role in her first Hindi film, \"Ekk Deewana Tha\", opposite rumored-boyfriend Prateik, she became an overnight sensation in Bollywood. The film failed to deliver, but critics and audiences agree she's the best thing to have come out of the film. And fashion magazines and blogs are hailing her as a hybrid of Miranda Kerr and Megan Fox. \"Thanks for the compliment, but when people tell me this, I honestly can't make the connection. The only person I see when I look in the mirror is me,\" she gasps.Like many foreign imports these days, Amy had practically no knowledge of Indian cinema before she actually became part of it. \"I first became aware of Bollywood when I saw Shilpa Shetty in \"Big Brother\",\" she confesses. Born to Alan and Marguerita Jackson in Isle of Man - she also has an elder sister Alicia - she was raised in Liverpool. She attended St Edward's College and studied English Literature, Philosophy and Ethics. \"I was a pretty good student, and never thoughtwhile growing up that I would make a career either in the glamor industry or in showbiz,\" she says.Fate had different plans, however, and she ended up venturing into both territories that to her were absolutely alien. The blue-grey-eyed Brit moved started her modelling career as a teen in London. Work took her to Italy, America and Europe. That same year - in 2008 - she won Miss Teen World. She was then offered a modelling contract by a leading fashion house and did a series of runway shows. The crowns of Miss Liverpool and Miss Teen Great Britain followed a year later.A strong contender for Miss England, she was a runner-up but won a fan in South Indian director AL Vijay, who saw her pictures on the beauty pageant's website. \"Although acting is my number one job now, back in 2008, I never wanted to act; I was happy modelling.\" She returned home and told her father she didn't know whether she wanted to do this. \"So, he agreed to come to India with me,\" says Amy. Within a month, she was whisked off to shoot in Chennai and Hyderabad. \"Shooting was nerve-wracking. I was used to photo shoots where there are about 10 people on set, but I had to act in front of hundreds.\" What this acting rookie lacked in exposure and experience, she made up in rendering. The film was a hit and her innocent charm won the audience over. \"I had no idea the response would be so incredible,\" says Amy, who returned to UK and then modelled in Miami for a year, when filmmaker Gautham Menon called her for a screen test. He was looking for a girl to play Jesse - a coy girl from an orthodox Malayalee Christian family - in his Hindi remake of Tamil hit \"Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa\". Menon saw she has 'it' and cast Amy in \"Ekk Deewana Tha\" - after casting off his original choice Trisha. \"My family and friends were shocked and asked me a zillion questions. 'How did you get the film?', 'Will you continue?' etc. My answer was that I was 100 per cent serious about my career in Indian movies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12323934", "title": "Trichy cockfight draws to a close", "text": "TRICHY: Sunday turned out to provide quite an entertainment for ardent fans at the last day of the two-day cockfight tournament in Thiruvanaikoil, held after a long gap of 14 years in Trichy district.A large area of a mango farm in Maaniya Mandapam was set up as the battlefield for about 300 cocks reared especially for participating in tournaments. On the first day, about 250 cocks took part in the tournament. They were classified into eight categories depending upon their colour, size, weight etc and a trickle of spectators enthusiastically watched every match in which two cocks aggressively fought to be the victor. In the end, owners of the victorious cocks were handed over prizes.However, more than the monetary benefit that the cocks bring in through the victory, the sense of pride that their pets bring them is more important, owners said. 25-year-old P Vasudevan of Woraiyur in Trichy whose rooster was a part of Sunday's fight, was inducted into rearing fighting cocks right from his childhood as his father was also interested in the sport. They took extra care in rearing the cocks by feeding them 'badam', 'pista', grams and other nutrient foods, he said.Generally, there are two types of tournaments in the cock-fighting, Kathikattu (fight with knife) and Vetrukkaal (fight without knife). In this tournament, organizers were strictly instructed by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court not to tie knives to the feet of the cocks as it would endanger the opponent. Taking it into account, they allowed only such roosters which were trained for fighting without knives.One of the organizers K Sureshkumar of Woraiyur said \"Unfortunately, cinema has wrongly portrayed the game as if it was only played for betting. But we are still trying our best to prevent such Tamil traditional games from being jeopardized.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12321199", "title": "Four killed in road accident", "text": "PUNE: A couple from Pune, their child and a relative were killed when their Scorpio car hit a divider and collided with an Indigo car coming from the opposite direction at Chasgaon on the Pune-Ahmednagar highway on Sunday morning. The seven occupants of the Indigo car were injured in the accident.The Ahmednagar police said the deceased - Janardhan Brijlal Yadav (35), his wife Ashadevi (30), son Nikhil (5) and relative Jaiprakash alias Guddu Chandrabhan Yadav (40) - were residents of Shivane at Warje Malwadi here.According to the police, Yadav, a painting contractor, and his family were on their way to Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh. Around 8.30 am, Yadav lost control over the vehicle at Chasgaon and hit a divider. Such was the impact that the car hurtled onto the other side of the road and collided with the Indigo car that was headed towards Pune. Yadav and his family died on the spot, the police said.The seven occupants of the Indigo car who sustained injuries are steel contractor Pankaj Munot, his wife Shilpa, sons Himanshu (12) and Aish (9), driver Sandeep Jawale, all residents of Ahmednagar, and Shivanand Morya and Anil Kumar , both residents of Pune. They have been admitted to a private hospital at Ahmednagar. Their condition is said to be stable.The police have registered a complaint of reckless driving against Yadav under section 304(a) of the Indian Penal Code. Sub inspector S S Chanak of the Nagar Taluka police station is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12322959", "title": "Driver attacks elderly couple, hangs himself", "text": "CHENNAI: A 48-year-old driver attacked his long-time employer and the elderly man's wife with a knife before committing suicide by hanging himself in Sembium on Sunday.The Sembium police received a call around 7.45pm on Sunday about a suicide and knife attack on two elderly persons in a house on St Marys Road. The police rushed to the spot where they found an elderly man and woman with knife injuries and a middle-aged man hanging from the ceiling.The elderly people were taken to a private hospital for treatment. The police identified them as Devassy, 70, and his wife Maggy, 62. They owned an ice factory in Moolakadai and stayed in the locality.\"As they were renovating the house the couple, moved to their current address for the time being,\" a police officer said. \"Their son Jose Sebastian, who is in the construction business, said Murthy, the couple's driver, had been working for them for over 25 years and was like a son to the elderly couple.\"On Sunday morning, Murthy was agitated following an argument with his wife. The couple and their son asked Murthy to go home and that Sebastian would help him sort out the problem. Meanwhile, when Sebastian left home for a walk, Murthy in a fit of rage attacked the elderly couple.\"Murthy then used a wire to hang himself from the ceiling. When Sebastian returned home, he saw his parents injured and the driver dead,\"assistant commissioner of police R Vijayaraghavan said.Doctors said Devassy, who lost a lot of blood, is in critical condition but Maggy is out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12323856", "title": "Need for a new framework", "text": "Despite radical expansion of educational facilities in secondary schooling, a large number of students are not able to take advantage of formal schooling. This is because most of them are working during school hours.\"Either they are involved in labouring in the fields in rural areas or in other activities to earn money in urban areas. It is necessary to design, create and establish alternative educational provisions for such prospective learners,\" says SS Jena, chairman, National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS).According to him, the formal schooling system has been contributing significantly for education of children and youth from primary to pre-degree level, but because of certain rigidities in the system, it is unable to cater to everyone's needs. \"The rigidities regarding choice of courses of study, place and pace of learning and the formal schooling system cannot cater to the educational needs of educationally and socially backward people. In such a scenario, the open and distance learning (ODL) mode of education has emerged as a viable complementary alternative and has been in operation in developed, developing countries,\" says Jena.While 96% of children are channelled to vocational education in South Korea, 70% in Germany, 50% in China and 40% in Denmark, only 5% children opt for vocational education in India. \"In India, the bulk of the workforce, around 93%, is in the unorganised sector,\" says Anshu Vaish, secretary, department of school education and literacy, government of India.CLEAR GAP It is estimated that about 12.8 million workers enter the labour market every year while the existing capacity to train is only 3.1 million. Segregation of vocational education from general education should now be replaced by vertical and horizontal mobility of students who want to move from vocational to undergraduate education, etc. Vaish adds that the MHRD is in the process of setting up a national vocational educational qualification framework that will provide vertical, horizontal mobility, between vocational, technical and academic streams at more than one entry point with greater flexibility.A seminar was recently held in the Capital by NIOS to emphasise the need to integrate vocational education with mainstream education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12321919", "title": "Nestle India hauled up for flouting advertisement norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has charged Nestle India for violating the law in advertisements and labelling of its infant food products.The order, which was in response to a 17-year-old complaint, said that Nestle India had violated the Infant Milk Substitutes Feeding Bottles, and Infant Foods (Regulation of Production, Supply and Distribution) Act.Reacting to the order, the complainant Dr Arun Gupta, representing the Association for Consumers Action on Safety and Health, said, \"It is very important to enforce this law to protect mothers and children from the commercial influence.\"The Infant Milk Substitutes Act was brought in to regulate production, supply and distribution of infant milk substitutes, feeding bottles and infant foods to protect and promote breastfeeding and ensure the proper use of these food products.The court on Saturday said the company through their products - Lactogen and Cerelac - had violated several sections of the Act by not printing the notice 'mother's milk is best for your baby' in Hindi and also by not printing the warning that 'Infant milk substitute or infant food is not the sole source of nourishment for an infant' on the containers of Lactogen.The court also found that the warning was not printed in the size prescribed and all the mandatory information was not present in advertisements issued in five magazines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323166", "title": "Police constable wins cat-and-mouse chase", "text": "CHENNAI: A 42-year-old police constable won praise from public after he chased down a chain-snatcher in Aminjikarai on Saturday.Mary, of TP Chatiram had come to Aminjikarai to attend a wedding. She left the venue near Thiru Vi Ka Nagar park at around 9pm. When she stepped out, her five sovereign gold chain was snatched. When she cried for help, passersby began to chase the man. B Kannan, a police constable patrolling the locality, too started chasing the man. When the thief jumped the wall into a corporation school in the locality, Kannan followed.\"This was first time I chased a chain-snatcher,\" Kannan said after nabbing the culprit, who was hiding in a dimly-lit classroom.The thief, Abdul Razaak from Gajalakshmi Colony in Aminjikarai, was taken to the Aminjikarai police station, where he confessed to the crime. This incident has brought to light the importance of patrolling. \"Earlier, police personnel used to patrol on cycles and this helped us socialize with the public,\" Kannan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12329385", "title": "Randeep Hooda learns from Sehwag, Dhoni for role", "text": "One of the most sought-after actors of Bollywood Randeep Hooda is busy shooting back to back for his upcoming films like Heroine, Jannat 2, Jism 2, Cocktail, Shooter and others.Ask the actor about his role in one of his upcoming flicks Heroine , and he says, \"I am playing a cricketer's role in the movie and is in love with a girl as usual. Since the role characterise a cricketer, I can relate my role to all the players.\"Did he do any homework for the role or took any tips from any cricketer? Randeep revels, \"Yes, I had an interaction with my favourite cricketer Virender Sehwag who hails from my home town in Haryana and I'm a big fan of him. Specially, the way he bats and of his thought process. There's lot of 'drama' in his game and it's entertaining to watch him face a ball. As a cricketer, he has always been very fascinating because by far he's the most entertaining cricketer I feel.\"He adds, \"I also had a long evening with M S Dhoni . In fact, the role in the script is such that you can't act like them but you can get a feel of the environment interacting with these cricketers and then you realise little things about them, things that trigger them and things that are important to them. It has helped me in being comfortable with the character. Moreover, I have to follow the character of the script, thus I cannot follow Sehwag or Dhoni. The shooting of the film is on and we're almost through with the second schedule, after that we have the third schedule in next month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12322891", "title": "Anurag Yadav is new DM of Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major administrative reshuffle, the Samajwadi Party government late on Sunday night transferred 30 IAS officers, including 11 district magistrates, and six PCS officers.Among those shifted are Lucknow DM Anil Kumar Sagar, and chairperson of NOIDA and Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority ( YEIDA) Mohindar Singh. Anurag Yadav will take over as the new district magistrate of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326998", "title": "Will Rajini attend Billa 2 audio launch?", "text": "If reports are to be believed, Rajinikanth has been approached to grace the audio launch function of Billa 2.The Superstar shares a good rapport with Ajith, the lead star in Billa 2, and therefore, there is an expectation that he may attend this event.According to sources, the Billa 2 team is planning to schedule the audio launch to suit Rajini's dates. The Superstar will be leaving for London for Kochadaiyaan's shooting and is expected to return next month.Therefore, it is believed that Billa 2's audio will be launched in April and not during March-end as reported earlier. It may be recalled that Rajini played Billa several years ago and this film was remade with Ajith in the title role in 2007. Billa 2 is a prequel to Billa, it may be remembered.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12323657", "title": "'Hats off to Sachin, but it's time for him to call it quits'", "text": "PATNA: After Sachin Tendulkar's 100th century in international cricket, the big question that has started doing the rounds once again is about the right time for the master blaster to call it quits. The master, however, said after achieving the feat that he was enjoying the game.Commenting on Tendulkar's statement, former international cricketer and member of the Indian squad which won the 1983 World Cup, Kirti Azad, on Sunday said playing cricket for a country was not a matter of enjoyment. \"Indian team does not go abroad to enjoy holidays. If you are a member of the Indian team, you are expected to perform consistently,\" he said, referring to the period of over one year that Tendulkar took to reach the milestone after his 99th hundred.Saluting Sachin for his achievements and contribution to the Indian cricket, Kirti, however, said it was time for Tendulkar or selectors to decide on his retirement.Kirti was speaking to mediapersons at the Moinul Haq Stadium here during the screening of under-16 and under-22 cricketers to select 30 of them from Bihar for a reality show, 'Cricket Champs', being organized by the Indraprastha All India Sports Foundation.Replying to a question whether Tendulkar's slow century should be blamed for India's defeat against Bangladesh in the Asia Cup , Kirti said, \"He played like Shatabdi Express till '87, but slowed down like Garib Rath before reaching his 100.\"Talking about the sorry state of affairs of Bihar cricket, the BJP MP from Darbhanga said the matter was sub judice. \"Unfortunately, the fight is not about how to run cricket in Bihar, but who should operate the bank account of the Bihar Cricket Association,\" Kirti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12322639", "title": "Swami Sanand shifted to ICU after health worsens", "text": "VARANASI: The district administration shifted scientist-turned-seer Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand to the ICU of SSL Hospital of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) from the emergency ward of SPG Divisional Hospital despite his protest on Sunday afternoon. On Sunday, Swami Sanand's fastunto-death stir entered in its 10th day. He had already stopped taking food a month back, and also gave up consuming water 10 days back. As a precaution, the district administration had admitted him to the SPG Hospital where he was given intravenous drugs to save his life.During his stay at SPG Hospital, Union minister Sriprakash Jaiswal had met him as prime minister's messenger while Union environment minister Jayanti Natrajan had also sent him a letter through district administration. But the seer remained rigid on his stand that until the central government does something meaningful to ensure 'aviral' (undisrupted) and 'nirmal' (clean) flow of Ganga, he would continue his 'tapasya'. As he failed to get any desired reply from the Central government, he stopped taking intravenous drugs from Saturday evening.According to superintendent-inchief of SPG Hospital, Dr D B Singh, during his routine check up on Sunday, a sharp depletion in electrolyte and sugar and major changes in ECG report were noticed. He said that as Swami Sanand is rigid not to take any drug either intravenous or orally, there is a possibility of sharp deterioration in his health. \"As we have no specialised units as well as an ICU to handle critical cases, we preferred to refer him to SSL Hospital of BHU and informed the district administration about this decision in afternoon,\" he said. After this development, the ACMIII, along with two circle officers and a heavy police force, reached the SPG Hospital at 2.30 pm. These officials wanted to take Swami Sanand in an ambulance, but this move irked him.He came out the emergency ward twice on foot and asked repeatedly what the officials wanted from him. Swami Sanand came out of the hospital on a wheel-chair and sat in the car of Swami Avimukteshwaranand, the coordinator of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam and disciple of Shankaracharya of Jyotish and Dwarka Sharda Peeth Swami Swarupanand Saraswati, to reach BHU. After reaching BHU, Swami Sanand was taken to the ICU where a team of doctors checked him under the supervision of medical superintendent U S Dwivedi.Shocked by these developments, Swami Avimukteshwaranand alleged that Swami Sanand had been shifted forcibly. \"We did not protest against the action of district administration as we do not want to waste energy in fighting with local authorities. Our struggle is aimed at convincing the Central government to take some effective action for saving the holy Ganga,\" he said. He further stated that Swami Sanand had made the doctors at ICU clear that he would not take any medicine either intravenous or orally, but would be helpless if he was given any medicine forcibly. Regarding his medical check-up report, the BHU's spokesman Rajesh Singh said that Swami Sanand is admitted to the ICU and presently everything is under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12322594", "title": "Jailbirds on creative wing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At Model Burail Jail, the inmates will be given a chance to exhibit their literary creativity, as the jail administration has decided to bring out their skills through a quarterly newsletter 'Nayi Subah'.The newsletter would carry poems, short stories, essays, poetry, anecdotes, commentary on current issues and jokes written by the inmates of this high-security jail. The multi-lingual newsletter will be circulated to government offices and other jails of the country.\"We have observed some of the prisoners are quite talented and creative,\" said deputy superintendent of police (Burail Jail) Amandeep Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12322291", "title": "AIDS awareness gets a boost at district hospital", "text": "NOIDA: Prompted by a recent symposium in the district that revealed that only 60% of sex workers in the country are reached with HIV prevention programmes while only 40% identify correct ways of using prevention methods, the BR Ambedkar Multispecialty hospital has stepped up awareness programmes at its Sexually Transmitted Infection clinic. Doctors add that more than 50% of new infections are among those below the age of 30.The clinic has treated almost 700 patients since it was set up to provide counselling services along with treatment. \"In many cases, the patients didn't know that they were suffering from a disease. In other cases, they didn't know how to go about the process of getting treatment. Lack of awareness is a major hindrance in the treatment of such diseases,\" said Dr Meena Mishra, chief medical superintendent, district hospital.According to Dr IS Gilada, president of the AIDS Society of India, in spite of 2.5 million HIV infected people in the country, there are less than 100 full time doctors and around 1,000 part time doctors in the private sector specializing in HIV practice. Gilada said, \"Half of the infected people do not know their HIV status.\"To combat the disease, the hospital has tied up with an NGO, Mayama Gram Udyog, to ensure that the process of increasing awareness amongst sex workers and kinnars, which are high risk groups for contracting such infections, takes place alongside the treatment of infected patients. \"Patients, particularly sex workers and kinnars, don't realize the seriousness of contracting AIDS and think that they are wasting time which could be spent more valuably earning money,\" said Rashmi Singh, STI counsellor, district hospital.While the awareness programmes in the district hospital has shown that there has been increase in the number of patients coming in for treatment voluntarily, doctors agree that there is still a lot of work to be done. \"In July 2011, when the programme was started, only 5 patients came to us. In comparison, January 2012 saw 53 patients. The number of sex workers has steadily been increasing and many patients are coming to us voluntarily. We are especially focusing on rural areas amongst the young population where awareness is low,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12323983", "title": "Sankarankoil sees peaceful bypoll, records 77.5% turnout", "text": "SANKARANKOIL: The Sankarankoil bypoll saw brisk voting in almost all the 242 polling booths on Sunday, registering a high voter turnout of 77.50%.As soon as polling started at 8am, long queues were seen at many places and the polling percentage hit 42.8% by noon. By 4pm, it had crossed 70%. Cheered by the higher voter turnout, candidates across party lines were hopeful that the high polling percentage will get them good numbers.AIADMK candidate S Muthuselvi, who visited all the polling booths, said she would win the elections with a good margin as people were impressed with the good governance of chief minister J Jayalalithaa. \"The elections are being conducted in a smooth manner and people are coming out in good numbers to vote because they have hope in the AIADMK. We will win the elections,\" she said.Saying that people were frustrated by the poor administration of AIADMK, DMK candidate Jawahar Suryakumar said, \"They have driven people beyond their limits by poor administration. The people will support us keeping in mind all the good work carried out by DMK during our previous regime.\" Candidates from the BJP, MDMK and DMDK also expressed similar sentiments.All eyes are on Sankarankoil's result on March 21 as AIADMK has gone all out to win the bypoll. Most of its ministers have been camping in the small constituency to campaign for the party's candidate.DMK heavyweight and Union minister MK Alagiri along with his brother MK Stalin planned and executed the campaign in Sankarankoil, thus making it known it was a prestigious issue for the party. The MDMK has pinned all its hopes on the constituency, believing that the anti-government sentiment over issues such as power troubles and the Sri Lankan Tamil problem will favour it. Despite the charged up atmosphere , th elections was free of any incident.\"All the 242 polling stations were declared as sensitive and we deployed 3,000 police personnel in Sankarankoil. Their presence made a lot of impact. Though there were some tense moments at a few polling stations, the police quickly controlled the situation ,\" an official said. Cellphones were banned inside the polling stations and all vehicles were stopped 200 metres from the booths.\"We have been receiving calls from our partymen that AIADMK people are distributing money in some places,\" said Suryakumar. \"Many outsiders were staying inside Sankarankoil, but the police did not evicted them since they were members of the ruling party,\" another DMK party functionary quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12323113", "title": "High vegetable prices upset citizens\u2019 budget", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Even as the recent Rail and Union budget was not enough to add to the worries of the common man, the prices of vegetables seems to be making a hole in the pockets and has virtually derailed the budget of every household.\"My father is a diabetic for the past four years and when someone advised me of giving him bitter gourd (Karela), we are following the same, in one form or other. But for the past fortnight the high price of Karela, being sold at Rs 80 per kilo, has totally upset the home budget,\" said Navad. And it is not only Karela, the high price of almost all the vegetables has baffled the common man residing in the Sangam city. Cauliflower, cabbage and some selected variety of leafy vegetables, popularly called as saag, prices of almost all other veggie seems to be on fire.Currently green pea, which was available at a nominal price of Rs 10 per kilo, is now being sold at Rs 25-30 per kilogram. A piece of cauliflower is being sold out at Rs 15, which till a fortnight ago, was sold out at a cost of Rs 3 or 4. Likewise, garlic is being sold at Rs 280 per kg, ginger at Rs 100 per kg, and tomato at Rs 40 per kg. Other vegetables have become precious such as lady finger at Rs 50, Capsicum at Rs 50, beans at Rs 40 etc. Local vegetable suppliers claim that there was abundant supply of vegetables in the winter season, but steadily as spring is approaching, there is less supply of vegetables which is resulting into price rise. ''There is no question of stocking since these are daily consumable items only some vendors store onion and potato but that too in a limited quantity and the same hardly affect the prices at the mandi, said a wholesale trader at Mundera mandi of the city which supplies vegetables in the entire city.\"The prices of vegetables have ruined our budget and we are hoping that the prices would go down in coming days,\" said Niharika, a house wife. She also added that people have started accepting the increase but they are facing hardship to check it. City residents lament that the prices of all essential commodities have gone up, while salaries have taken a hit. ''authorities should initiate some measures to check the spiralling prices of vegetables,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12322781", "title": "Booked for a learned cause", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A whistle was blown at the Sector 17 plaza and bibliophiles of the city stood still for the next 10 minutes with books in their hands at a flashmob event of a different kind named \"Look at the book- the flashmob skit\" organized by Alliance Francaise faculty and students. In order to make people aware of the importance of reading and writing many participants, including some from other countries, presented a flash mob sans dance and music.\"On Sunday evening, students, teachers and staff walked in among the crowd and suddenly froze at their spots with books in hand for 10 minutes. Daniel, a participant, said this idea came from French theatre director Damien, who wants to bring back the connection people once had with books and literature. The event brought out the overlapping world of books and evolving world of internet, where it is possible to watch a movie, listen to music and read books.The actors in the mob froze as if reading the book in their hands and giving a glimpse of its cover to the curious onlookers. Most of them stood with the works of French poets including Moliere, Jean Racine , Pierre Corneille and Victor Hugo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12322798", "title": "Bengal's contemporary art loses a gem", "text": "Bijan Chowdhury was born in Faridpur in 1931. And till his last breath he considered Bangladesh to be his own. Every major Indo-Bangla exhibition took him 'Back to the Roots.' Every serious workshop would find him involved in a give-and-take of thoughts and idioms of visual and literary expressions. And yet, in his demise on Friday at Belle Vue Clinic, Bengal lost one of the early practitioners of its contemporary art. He is survived by two daughters and two sons.Born to journalist Kunjabehari Chowdhury, Bijan Chowdhury was raised in an atmosphere steeped in music, painting and drama. Since his early days at Kolkata's Govt College of Art and Craft he was deeply involved in Marxist politics. This led to his being expelled before completing his diploma but strengthened his bond with Dhaka as it prompted him to graduate from their Govt Institute of Arts.In 1964, he joined Nikhil Biswas, Prakash Karmakar, Rabin Mondal, Jogen Chowdhury and Dharaj Chowdhury to form a 'communion of artists' who strove to break free of the traditional idiom of the Bengal School. This group, identified as the Calcutta Painters, claimed the heritage of Calcutta Group, the first progressive amalgam formed by artists in 1943. Prior to this, in 1960, Bijan Chowdhury had joined Shyamal Dutta Ray and others to form the Society of Contemporary Artists. All this was to explore \"a contemporary yet indigenous idiom in modern Indian art\", he'd say.In later years, when he headed the Indian College of Art and Draftmanship between 1976 and 1980, he fostered friendly equations with colleagues like Suhas Roy and students like Swapan Palley. A Retrospective in Kolkata almost 50 years ago; another in Delhi's Art Heritage (1986); a miniature exposition in Paris (1982); participation with Indian Artists in Stockholm (1982) and Munich (1984); Bengal Art in London (9186); the Triennale (1975), Festival of India (1982)... Bijan Chowdhury featured in them all - and came to be awarded by the Academy of Fine Arts (1963) and Rabindra Bharati (1978).The Marxist orientation did not allow Bijan Chowdhury \"to neglect reality and run after abstract art in a country gripped by poverty, prejudices, illiteracy...\" He said as much in Dhaka to artists who followed the abstract style in search of a universal style. Because he believed in a balance of emotion and visuals, his paintings drew on narrative elements but his strong mastery of line never degenerated into illustration. His imagery was not explicit, nor was his symbolism Surreal. His stylistic features were inspired by Kalighat pat, built upon Socialist Realism, and blended in Mexican flavour. What emerged was human content dressed in lines and colours that found universal acceptance - as the series on Raga-Ragini or those inspired by folklore.His bonding with roots as much as his political orientation did not permit him to make peace with religious exigencies. He joined those who urged the then chief minister to lift the ban on Taslima Nasreen's Dwikhandita. \"The govt should not have taken such an emotive decision,\" he said since banning a book was unthinkable for the man who wasn't divided by the Partition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12325849", "title": "Poonam Pandey goes gaga over Virat Kohli!", "text": "Virat Kohli , the anchor man who helped India to a stunning victory over Pakistan , has been garnering accolades from all corners. Christened the 'rockstar' of Team India, Virat seems to have become the cynosure of arguably 'The sexiest fan of Indian cricket' - Poonam Pandey !If anything that can be inferred from the tweet she posted last night after India won the match - \"Wow whatta match muwaaaaah luv u virattttt\", - Poonam almost gave a full blown kiss to the Delhi lad.Showering Virat with praises, Poonam wrote, \"Very well played Kohli! massive applauds to your spirit! You done us proud today and we will always remember this special innings.\" Gaga over Kohli, Poonam expressed, \"yay! yay! yay!...Kohli is a gem..pakistan waalo bura na maano kohli hai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "deganga", "code": "12322714", "title": "Trio arrested for trafficking minor girls in 'police car'", "text": "Deganga: Three persons, including a woman, were arrested for trafficking two minor girls in North 24-Parganas' Deganga on Sunday afternoon. The trio had put up police stickers in the vehicle to steer clear any suspicion of the locals.It was around 2.30pm when some locals in Hamadhama noticed a girl trying to get off a running car. Though the police sticker on the Hyundai Accent car misled them temporarily, they grew suspicious seeing the girl's desperate attempt to escape. Some youths in motor cycle then chased the car and intercepted it near Hamadhama Bazaar.They were taken aback seeing two scared girls seated at the rear with a woman while a man sat beside the driver. When the trio failed to prove that they were from the police, cops were informed. A team from Deganga police station led by officer-in-charge Goutam Mitra reached the spot and took all the five to the police station.During interrogation, police found that the two girls, Class-XI students of a local school, were lured by the woman identified as Mehroon Khatun, who hails from Kumar Ali village - the same locality where the two girls live. She was whisking away the girls on the pretext of providing them job in a call centre in Salt Lake . Her aides were identified as Shekih Imran and Zahir Babbar.\"Both the girls come from a very poor background. They readily agreed when the woman known to them promised them job. But they grew suspicious when they saw the 'police' sticker on the car. After their requests to free them fell on deaf ears, they pressed the panic button and tried to escape from the running car,\" said a senior police officer of North 24-Parganas.According to police, the two girls were being trafficked for flesh trade. Police hope to unearth a trafficking racket of which the trio was a part.During interrogation, cops found the woman lured the girls, both Class-XI students, with call centre jobs in Salt Lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12323243", "title": "Motivate PU students to opt basic sciences: Expert", "text": "BELGAUM: B R Ananthan, vice chancellor of Rani Chennamma University (RCU- Belgaum), said the reasons for declining enrolment for the basic sciences after PUC is the defective education policy and attitude of parents.He was speaking after inaugurating 'Inspire Internship-2012, Innovation in Science Pursuit for Inspired Research' on Saturday at Visvesvaraya Technological University ( VTU-Belgaum) campus Jnana-Sangama. Itis a five-day science camp to educate PUC students of north Karnataka about the need to excel in basic sciences and inspire them to be the future innovators.Ananthan said basic science courses must be professionalized, or else the country will face paucity of scientists, he cautioned.Former VC of Karnataka University Dharwad (KUD) S K Saidapur said that India has the largest youth force compared to other countries.To meet the needs of our youth, government has to establish more number of schools, colleges and Universities, he said.He advised the young students to cultivate the attitude of questioning the happenings in the nature. Till today there were lots of questions to be answered in the nature, he said.VTU registrar S A Kori, registrar (evaluation) G N Krishnamurthy and programme coordinator G Yogananda were present. Over 500 PUC science students from north Karnataka region participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "12321706", "title": "Woman kills her two children, attempts suicide", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: A woman killed her two children by pouring petrol and setting them on fire and then tried to commit suicide in Gopaldinna village in Pangal mandal in Mahbubnagar district on Saturday.Taraka Ramudu, 4, and Legi, 1, died on the spot. 25-year-old Padma, a daily wager, is battling for her life in Kurnool area hospital. Sources said, she took the extreme step due to her husband's drunken ways. Neighbours rushed her to the hospital but the children had died on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12322671", "title": "5th missile hub in Andhra Pradesh to fire up defence sector", "text": "HYDERABAD: India's missile power is set to get a boost with a surface-to-air missile unit set to come up at a cost of Rs 30,000 crore at Ibrahimpatnam in Andhra Pradesh's Rangareddy district. The foundation stone for the project by Bharat Dynamics Ltd (BDL) was laid by chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Sunday.The infrastructure for the project, spread over 630 acres, will be ready in three years' time. Once ready, an estimated 6,000 missiles are expected to be produced at the unit. Moreover, missile production will go up as project capacity is expanded to keep up with the demand for missiles.M Pallam Raju, the union minister of state for defence, said that the project cost would be allocated in the 12th and 13th Plans.Project developer BDL's turnover would go from Rs 1,000 crore to Rs 5,000 crore once production begins at the surface-to-air missile defence project unit at Ibrahimpatnam.The new unit will create 1,000 officer-level jobs. Pallam Raju said manpower from educational institutions should be churned out as per industry requirements to enable the local population to benefit from the project and find employment at the unit.Training in the necessary skills should be offered at the technological institutions for the local populace to be able to compete at the national level for the jobs that are created, he said, adding the Centre would soon come out with a policy that facilitates better private sector participation in the defence sector.Kiran Kumar said the state government was working on allocating 6,000 to 7,000 acres of land for various defence projects including three each by BDL and BEL, two for ECIL and one for Midhani. These projects would together generate employment for 10,000 people, the CM said.The CM said that as part of the state government's Rajiv Yuva Kiranalu programme, skills sets of students were being developed for employment in various sectors. The CM informed that in its first four months, one lakh placements had been made through the programme.He said that the plan was to create five lakh jobs in various sectors, public and private, for the youth. The CM spoke about a programme being drawn up wherein the youth would also be trained to compete for jobs in the defence sector and the Railways.Maj Gen Ravi Khetarpal (rtd), chairman and managing director of BDL, said the Ibrahimpatnam unit would be the company's fourth manufacturing unit in Andhra and the fifth in the country. He said the Ibrahimpatnam project would kick off with an initial investment of Rs 2,500 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12321857", "title": "Mobile phone thief arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Crime branch officials arrested a man, Arif Miyana, a resident of Devjipura, Madhavpura, on Sunday and seized five stolen mobile phones from him.Arif was trapped by a team of cops on the basis of a tip-off received by police constable Dashrath Ramalal.According to police officials who questioned the accused, Arif has confessed to having stolen 37 mobile phones from a shop - Chehar Communication - situated in Swapnil Park, Dudheshwar Road. Arif has allegedly told the cops that he along with two others named Rafiq and Faizal broke into the shop and stole mobile phones worth Rs 1.01 lakh.\"The accused has been handed over to the Madhavpura police. The area's police officials said that Arif had been arrested once for a theft and booked twice for assaulting people,\" said a crime branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323056", "title": "Small budget filmmakers now woo the masses for money", "text": "CHENNAI: It was Bollywood that introduced the concept of crowd funding in India, making the audience direct stake holders in movie production. Now it is taking roots in Kollywood. Leena Manimekalai, an independent filmmaker is planning to gather funds for distribution of her movie 'Sengadal' from the public.In Bollywood, director Onir was the latest to have tried crowd funding to raise 1 crore for his film 'I Am'. There were others before him - Himanshu Roy who used unorthodox methods to raise finance for his films and Shyam Benegal whose movie 'Manthan' was funded by dairy farmers in Gujarat.Manimekalai took the decision after she found it difficult distributing her movie. \"Making a film is just half done and outreach is the most challenging task for independent filmmakers like me,\" she says. \"Sengadal could have been impossible as its content is not dictated by the market. When it came to distribution, I was able to fight the state against a ban, but the market is such a brutal force out here and it doesn't want any independent voice to exist,\" says Manimekalai.Even after earning international acclaim, the film was not able to reach the masses.For gathering funds from the public, these directors consider social networking sites as a good platform. \"Social networking is an excellent medium for independent artists like me. My online presence has already given me a database of my audience and I just need to persuade. \" says Manimekalai.It is often the small budget movies that struggle to see the light of the day. \"Movies with big stars don't finAd it difficult to find producers, distributors or financiers. But it is not the same case with independent cinema. I prefer doing films that I like, but I do not get funds from the industry. Hence I decided to try out different modules instead of traditional financing,\" says Onir.He found likeminded people on social networking sites and requested them to fund his movie 'I Am'. \"Three days after I posted my request, people started sending money,\" he says. But do the audiences get a share of the profit? \"Some give it as a donation as they identify with the film's content. Others, who fund more than Rs 1 lakh, get a share from the profits.\"Making a film is just half done and outreach is the most challenging task for independent filmmakers like me. Sengadal could have been impossible as its content is not dictated by the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12323515", "title": "For this racer, only winning matters", "text": "MANGALORE: In Olympics, participation is more important than winning. However, for Naresh V S of Bangalore, a professional motocross rider, winning is more important than participation, each time he mounts his Yamaha RX 135 for a race.\"If I do not win, my wife Preethi will not open the doors for me,\" Naresh said half in jest underscoring his seriousness as a professional.Emerging as the most successful rider in the first leg of Gulf Dirt Track National Championship held on the Fisheries College ground at Yekkur here on Sunday, Naresh, was in an upbeat mood.He won all four races that he participated. In a chat with TOI, Naresh, who took to professional racing six years ago said, \"It is the constant support from Preethi, my mother Vasanthi, warden at CMR College, Bangalore and my friends and my support team that keeps me going.\"Father of three-year-old Akshita, Naresh said life was hard and he had to sacrifice his education to pursue his passion.\"One has to sacrifice something to gain something. I have not thought of a life beyond professional racing for the moment. When I am not participating in championships, I am into practice,\" he saids, adding that it is Preethi who holds the fort together when he is away from home on the racing circuit.A former rider for TVS Racing Team, Naresh who went solo for professional reason, reckons his strong show in the event here might have caught the attention of TVS Racing Team bosses.\"They always tend to back winning horses,\" Naresh said, adding he will take part in the remaining four legs of the national championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12322449", "title": "RTO helpline gets only 32 calls in 14 months", "text": "NASHIK: The regional transport office (RTO) toll-free number for people to lodge vehicle-related complaints has received a poor response from Nashikites, with only 32 calls being made in 14 months.From January 2011 till the first week of March 2012, the number 18002331516 has received about two calls every month; this includes over 50% calls which may have been made only to check if the system is working.Deputy regional transport officer Jayant Patil said, \"The lukewarm response is because it has not been publicized. Nonetheless, whatever calls we have received during that period, have been attended too and sincere efforts have been made to resolve any of the issues.\"People who have tried to lodge a complaint on the number said most often there is no response. RTO officials said that given the skeletal staff it was not possible to make the system available round-the-clock. Things will soon be resolved and simplified to ensure that the number is available round-the-clock, they said.The officials clarified that the system was computer-based and there was no human intervention. Once a call is made, the person has to give information like name, location, number and then narrate the complaint. Subsequently, when the operator checks the calls, complaints are sent to the prosecution department, which takes action.RTO officials said people should use the number for issues pertaining to vehicles. While people call if they have not received smart cards from the office by post and for other things, there is a serious issue of autorickshaw drivers not following the tariff.The number is now operational from 10am to 7pm, according to RTO officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12322784", "title": "Police kill driver for not paying \u2018Holi gift\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: More than a 100 people, including politicians, on Sunday gheraoed residence of the Morena SP for an hour, demanding arrest of cops who allegedly beat a driver to death for refusing to give \" Holi gift\".The protesters said the cops thrashed the driver, Acchay Singh Sikarwar, with lathis, kicked and punched him, breaking his ribs and inflicting injuries on his private parts.The protesters said Sikawar was admitted to Morena district hospital. After his condition improved, Sikarwar went to the nearby SP office to lodge a complaint against the cops. But his condition worsened and he was shifted to Gwalior where he died on Saturday night, the protesters said.The protesters alleged that the policemen demanded Rs 200 as \"Holi gift\" from Sikawar, the driver of a private bus which was operating illegally. The cops were angry after Sikarwar offered them Rs 50 saying \"they were just constables and not an inspector to demand Rs 200\".The protesters called off their agitation after the Morena SP talked to them. SP Sanjay Kumar said, \"I told them that the SDPO was probing the matter. I showed them the post-mortem report. The driver died of enlarged spleen. He was unwell for some time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "munchingput (visakhapatnam)", "code": "12321745", "title": "Two cops killed while defusing landmine", "text": "MUNCHINGPUT (VISAKHAPATNAM): Two constables of Orissa Special Force, who were part of a bomb disposal squad, were killed and two others critically injured in an explosion while defusing a landmine at Alangapada near Lamataput in Koraput district of Orissa, 25 km from Visakhapatnam district border, on Sunday morning.The impact of the blast was such that the security personnel could not recover the body of one of the constables as it was completely dismembered. The team members had successfully defused a landmine and were trying to neutralize another one planted by Maoists when it went off, Sunabeda SDPO Ashok Patnaik said. The deceased cops were identified as Sasikanth Rout and Sunil Singh.Both the constables had successfully defused two landmines at Mattaput close to the incident spot on March 12. \"But this time luck ran out as one of the landmines exploded. Sunil's body was mutilated beyond recognition,\" a senior police official said. The injured cops were admitted to a private nursing home and would be shifted to the Koraput government hospital.On a tip-off, five members of the bomb disposal squad of Koraput went to Alangapada, 5 km from Lamataput, under heavy security cover provided by Border Security Force. Maoists planted the landmines on the road and cleverly covered it with tar. But security forces during routine combing suspected something fishy after they found some wires on the road edge. Word was sent to the bomb disposal squad for defusing the landmines. Initially, there were rumours that two BSF constables were killed in a landmine blast triggered by the rebels.The impact of the blast was such that the body of one of the constables could not be recovered as it was completely dismembered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12322745", "title": "Car thief's luck runs out, held in Walled City", "text": "NEW DELHI: A gang of snatchers who targeted women office-goers and tourists was busted and four members were arrested on Sunday. In another case, one person was nabbed for allegedly stealing high-end cars and bikes to arrange for money to splurge on his girlfriends.In the first case, two criminals, identified as Naresh alias Satte (40), Karnail Singh alias Kana (37), and two jewellers, Mohan Soni (38) and Ram Pal Verma (50), were arrested. Additional commissioner of police (central) Devesh Chandra Srivastava said with these arrests at least 15 cases of snatching and robbery have been solved.Police also recovered several gold chains, lockets, bikes and seized a pistol from the accused. \"Naresh and Karnail used to operate in a group of four. While two men committed snatchings on a bike, the other two would provide them cover and clear the way for escape. The accused carried weapons and committed these crimes in the morning. They targeted women office-goers and tourists visiting Delhi,\" said Srivastava. They would then sell the loot to Soni and Verma, said cops. A search is on for other members of the gang, said cops.In second case, a car thief Imran Jahir (34) was arrested from Daryaganj. Jahir used to target cars and bikes in the Walled City. Police has recovered a Maruti Zen, one Maruti Esteem, one Hero Honda Passion bike, one scooter and seized a loaded countrymade pistol from him.\"Jahir disclosed he stole vehicles so that he could splurge money on his girlfriends,\" said Srivastava. \"To impress his girlfriends, he used to take them for long drives and spend lavishly on food and gifts,\" said Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326687", "title": "Getting drunk helped me write: Vikram Seth", "text": "It took four years, a tireless violinist, a persistent music composer and countless sips of wine for the 'suitable boy,' Vikram Seth, to complete his latest book, 'The Rivered Earth .'The Spring Fever 2012 by Penguin Books India took off with the versatile writer reading out verses from his new book to an audience of young fans with their favourite books by him resting comfortably on their laps. An open-air setting with a humble library on stage stocked with books from classics to comedy, when enlivened by the poet's resounding voice, assured an enchanted evening for any book lover.Marriage of a poet and a musician : The Rivered Earth is a book, earlier titled 'Confluences,' written in four libretti wherein Seth traverses three civilizations of Europe, China and India. A 'libretto' is essentially text for a musical work, a book that guides people during an opera. In collaboration with composer Alec Roth and violinist Philippe Honore, the author became the linking thread in synchronising the literary with the musical. Since 'Confluences' sounded technical, the author selected a more suggestive title, 'The Rivered Earth', a phrase taken from the last of the libretti. Interspersed with the author's own calligraphy, this book of songs is indeed one of its kinds.'The Rivered Earth' and the libretti : Elucidating the four divisions in the libretti, the first set titled 'Songs in Time of War' is the poet's discovery of the period of Tang Dynasty that spelled tragedy and devastation in China. It was in his twenties when Vikram Seth took to reading translations of Chinese poetry that slowly motivated him into learning the language so that he could devour the nuances in original. His translations of Chinese poets like Du fu made way into Roth's music in the first libretto. The second set, 'Shared Ground' shifts from the grief-stricken Tang era to the quaint dwelling of the English poet and Anglican priest George Herbert who died in his Salisbury house in 1633. Recounts Seth, \"When I decided to buy the Old Rectory, (up for sale) in Salisbury, I had a colloquy with him as to whether to buy the house...and I found myself being granted permission by him!\" His fear of living with Herbert's spirit and his feeling like an unworthy guest echoes in the poem 'Host.'After covering the geographical spaces of Europe and China, the theme for the third libretto, 'Traveller' finds itself in the cycle of human existence structured around the stages of life in the Rig Veda- childhood, youth, adulthood and old age. Vikram said, \"I added two more - the unborn and the dead, making it seven pillars of the Rig Veda.\" The concluding libretto 'Seven Elements,' like an overarching presence, is a cosmic union of the previously travelled three culture zones.On being a novelist : It is not his magnum opus, 'The Suitable Boy' (1993) that Vikram found a defining moment in of his literary career. It was during the days of conceptualising 'The Golden Gate' (1986) that the writer in him was born. His accident with a writer in him came about in, \"A chance encounter with the English translation of Alexander Pushkin's Eugene Onegin in a second-hand bookstore that made me change tracks. I remember, once I started reading it, I did not realise that four hours had gone by. Living as an economist, I then discovered the other side of the river , i.e. fiction, and that became home for me. I never thought I would be a novelist,\" Vikram shared.Wine played the trick : On being asked whether there was difference of opinion with the composer and the musician in this project, Vikram said, \"Only once. The poem 'Fire' did not please Alec. He said it's 'fine as a poem but useless as a text.'\" So what came as a solution? \"He advised me to get drunk... that worked. That's how from the fumes of wine, 'Fire' was born.\" Trained in Hindustani Classical music, Vikram added, \"I definitely had a kick out of 'Fire,' after all boys want to have fun.\"What about 'The Suitable Girl'? Eager readers asked him by when will the sequel to 'The Suitable Boy' hit bookstores, and the unassuming writer said, \"You know, I just finished deciding on the names of the characters of the book four days ago. So, I am sure they exist somewhere, all set to be fleshed out in narrative soon. Till then don't tempt me,\" he signed off.The musically poetic evening ended with readers thronging the dais to get their copy of Seth's work signed by the author himself.Can words have a powerful impact on music? When Vikram Seth is the writer with a heart of a musician, nothing can go out of tune!Where : Spring Fever 2012 at India Habitat Centre, New DelhiOn till : March 25, 2012ipshita.mitra@indiatimes.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12321891", "title": "Constable dies in road accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 55-year-old head constable died and another head constable suffered severe injuries when a DCM van hit their two-wheeler at BN Reddy Nagar on the outskirts of the city on Sunday morning. The incident took place when the two cops were returning after attending bandobust for chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy programme in Sheriguda.Head constable K Venkanna died, while his colleague Hanimi Reddy suffered injuries. According to police, the mishap occurred at BN Reddy Nagar X Roads while the the duo were returning to the Saroornagar police station.At BN Reddy Nagar, a speeding DCM van hit their bike from the rear. Both the constables fell on the road. With critical injuries, pillion rider Venkanna died on the spot. Hanimi Reddy, who also suffered serious injuries, was immediately rushed to hospital and his condition was said to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "banda", "code": "12328841", "title": "Students go on rampage following death of teacher in UP", "text": "BANDA: Students of a local school here went on a rampage and resorted to arson following the death of their teacher in a road accident on the Banda-Allahabad National Highway this morning.Police said that following the death of Nirbhay Singh, teacher at Saraswati Shishu Niketan in Aliganj locality after being hit by a sand-laden truck, students went on a rampage damaging about two dozen vehicles leading to a traffic jam.Besides setting five trucks on fire, they also indulged in brick-batting and police had to use mild force to control the mob.The situation has now been brought under control and additional force has been deployed as a precautionary measure, police said adding that the body has been sent for post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12323599", "title": "Jagjivan Ram Institute all set to get a facelift", "text": "PATNA: The Jagjivan Ram Institute of Parliamentary Studies and Political Research, which was set up more than three decades back by former chief minister Karpoori Thakur to promote parliamentary studies and political research, is likely to get a facelift soon, thanks to the recent initiative taken by the state education department.Addressing a seminar organized by the institute here, education minister P K Shahi on Saturday announced that the institute named after Jagjivan Babu would be developed into a research institution of national repute. The government has sanctioned Rs 17 crore for the construction of its new building of which Rs 5 crore would be released during the current financial year for starting the work at the earliest.State higher education director Sitaram Singh said that the HRD department has planned to renovate, computerize and upgrade its library. Books on parliamentary democracy from India and abroad would be provided for research work. The library would be computerized with electronic reference of all the books. The institute would have its own website. It would conduct national and international seminars, conferences and workshops.According to the education department plans, two seminar halls would be constructed for conducting workshops and symposiums.The park at the institute would be beautified and a life-size statue of Babu Jagjivan Ram would be installed, Singh said.He further pointed out that the Institute is going to start several new courses, including M Phil, Ph.D, and Master and Bachelor-level programmes in journalism and mass communications, business administration, library science, Panchayati Raj and computer applications, from the next academic session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12323654", "title": "Plea on JP pension yojana", "text": "PATNA: Members of Bihar Pradesh 1974 JP Andolankari Samanvaya Samiti on Sunday staged a march from the JP roundabout to Kotwali police station to mark 38th anniversary of Chatra Kranti Diwas in the state capital. The march converted into a dharna there.The Samiti members submitted a memorandum to CM Nitish Kumar through the SDO urging him to okay the applications on merit for JP Samman Pension Yojana, inclusion of widows of martyrs of JP movement in the yojana and also inclusion of names of other leaders who went to jail during the JP movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "medak", "code": "12321648", "title": "Medak registers lowest in health indicators", "text": "MEDAK: The latest data of health and family welfare department shows that Medak is at the bottom in all health indicators of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).In the number of anti-natal cases registered, number of infants given immunization and number of sterilizations done, Medak is the poorest. But the medical and health officials blame the 'poor show' on erroneous entry of previous records. According to the health officials, the target for 2012 was around 70,000 institutional deliveries for women and already 63,000 women have availed the services at PHCs.In 2010, there were 56,740 deliveries and in 2011, 54,890 institutional deliveries were performed at the PHCs. Yet, the district stood last in the health indicators, a district NRHM official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "12323699", "title": "Colombo eyes Delhi\u2019s green transport", "text": "COLOMBO: Delhi's transport system will now be replicated by other major cities.Sri Lankan minister for petroluem and oil Sushil Premajayantha said that they were using Delhi as a model to replicate the CNG-transport system in Colombo and hoped to start work on the same in coming months.The minister made the announcement at the second Asia Energy Summit held in Colombo last week. The summit organized by Independent Power Producers Association of India in Colombo discussed co-operation for energy security, stability and sustainability in the region.Premjayantha said he that he visited the Indian capital recently and felt a vast difference in air quality as compared to several years ago. \"We want to follow Delhi's example by introducing CNG for the local transport system. The emission rate in Colombo is growing and tackling air pollution is a priority ,\" he said. Colombo has upto four million cars on the road and over two million motorcycles. The minister said that CNG would be introduced for buses, autorickshaws and cars in their plans.Meanwhile, state-run oil companies such as ONGC and IOC are also planning to cash-in on exploration and refining opportunities in Sri Lanka. Lanka would call for bids for seven oil and gas blocks in the Mannar Basin in next 2-3 months, said Premajayantha .(The correspondent was in Colombo at invitation of the Independent Power Producers Association of India Ltd)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12321244", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav makes Raja Bhaiya in charge of UP prisons", "text": "LUCKNOW: Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiya, who faces eight criminal cases and was charged under the now-defunct Pota, will be in charge of Uttar Pradesh's prison department. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav kept as many as 50 departments to himself as he distributed portfolios among his 47 ministers on Sunday.Raja Bhaiya also holds charge of food and civil supplies, despite charges of a multi-crore scam under his watch.The 38-year-old CM kept home, vigilance, power, aviation, finance and excise among other portfolios.With 50 portfolios under him, Akhilesh Yadav has outdone Mayawati who kept 43 portfolios when she took over in 2007. Akhilesh will hold the charge of tourism, higher, secondary, technical and medical education, sugarcane development, electronics and information technology. It is believed that Akhilesh will offload some of the departments post cabinet expansion.Senior minister Azam Khan, who took oath a second time on Sunday, got parliamentary affairs, urban development, waqf, water supplies and Haj, while Mulayam Singh Yadav's brother Shivpal got PWD and irrigation. Both Khan and Shivpal held the same portfolios in the SP's previous regime.Mulayam's other trusted loyalist Ahmad Hasan has again been given medical and family welfare. These two departments were headed by two ministers and made news for the NHRM scam during the BSP regime. Hasan will also take care of the department of women and child welfare.Earlier on Sunday, Azam Khan took the oath of office and secrecy for the second time after it transpired that he hadn't take the complete oath on March 15. Four others inducted as ministers of state were elevated and given independent charge: Arvind Singh Gope, Aruna Kori, Rajendra Singh Rana and Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar. They took the oath again along with Azam.Vaqar Ahmad Shah and Ambika Chaudhary have been given labour and revenue departments while Raja Aridaman Singh will be minister of transport.Raja Mankapur, Anand Singh , who made a triumphant return to the Samajwadi Party before the elections, has been given agriculture while Balram Yadav will be the minister of Panchayati Raj. Ram Govind Chaudhary will look after basic education, child development and nutrition. Azamgarh MLA Durga Prasad Chaudhary will be minister for stamp and civil defence. Brahma Shankar Tripathi has been allotted the department of home guard and vocational education.Among the four ministers independent charge, Gope has been allotted the department of rural development. Rajendra Singh Rana and Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar have been given rural engineering and small-scale industries respectively. Aruna Kori on the other hand has been allotted the department of women welfare.Among the 24 state ministers, former IIM-Ahmedabad professor Abhishek Mishra, considered to be a part of 'Team Akhilesh', has been given the protocol department. This way he will remain attached to the chief minister's office as Akhilesh has kept the department with himself.Among SP leaders from the western UP, Chitaranjan Swaroop will be Azam Khan's deputy in parliamentary affairs, Muslim waqf, urban development and Haj departments while Moolchandra Chauhan has been given the charge of the department of tourism. Surendra Singh patel will assist Shivpal in PWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12322910", "title": "Where have Kerala's 'missing' girl children gone?", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala's unique sex ratio - 52% females to 48% males - is under threat from an 'invisible' quarter: the state's increasingly skewed child sex ratio. In both the 2001 and 2011 census, there has been a significant decrease in the number of girls compared to boys in the 0-6 age category.State health department statistics reveal that the child sex ratio has fallen in nine out of 14 districts in the past ten years. While the average number of girl children (the child sex ratio is calculated per 1,000 boys) in the state decreased from 963 to 959, it is the disparate district-wise figures that are troubling.Health experts are not ruling out the possibility of female foeticide at private-run clinics across the state. \"The figures are worrisome. We cannot rule out foeticide especially when many districts are showing improvement in child sex ratio,'' said Dr N Sreedhar, additional director of health service. \"The skewed sex ratio is an indication that female foeticide is still rampant even in Kerala which has higher literacy and better quality-of-life indicators than other states,'' he said.The child sex ratio in Kasargod district fared worst with a decrease of 24 per 1,000 in the past decade: the numbers in this district came down from 984 to 960; Malappuram and Alappuzha came second and third respectively with a decrease of 19 and 15 children per 1,000 in the same period.However, the child sex ratio in Thiruvananthapuram district increased from 955 to 967 and in Ernakulam it increased from 948 to 954. \"This shows that where there is better monitoring this illegal business has been curbed,'' Sreedhar said. He added that the state should make it mandatory that every MTP and ultra sound scanning done in private clinics be recorded.The state's high human development index and low infant mortality rate have been inspirational for other states but as Dr B Ekbal, former vice chancellor Kerala university, said, \"The state's infant mortality rate has been stagnant at 12 per 1,000 which is a matter of serious concern for me. The girl child can outlive male child once she crosses six years.\"Varsha Deshpande, a member of National Inspection and Monitoring Committee set up under the direction of the Supreme Court cautioned that in states where the child sex ratio is on the decline the government should conduct awareness programs amongst couples who are planning to have a child. echoing her concern, a senior civic official from Mumbai said: \"Literacy and economic status may not hinder a couple from committing this crime as it was seen that foeticides were rampant in clinics in posh south Mumbai area till very recently.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12322583", "title": "City to banish garbage dumps", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an attempt to improve sanitation in the city, civic body will now take garbage from your house directly to garbage processing plant instead of dumping it in \"sehaj safai kendras\" (SSK) - a constructed area in the sector where private contractors dump garbage. The new initiative is being started as a pilot project and will start from Sector 22 from April 15, and later extend to other areas of the city.The development has come following resentment from various residential groups over the construction of sehaj safai kendras in their sectors and a case filed in Punjab and Haryana high court by a city-based school.At present, private contractors lift garbage from the residential areas of the city and dump in the SSKs. After that garbage lifting vehicles of MC lift the garbage from SSKs and take it to the garbage processing plant situated near Daddumajra garbage dumping ground.Area councillor and former city mayor Pardeep Chhabra said, \"We are starting a new system of garbage collection from April. Now, garbage would be directly sent out of the city at a proper place instead of dumping it in residential areas. Besides, in few sectors SSKs are yet to be constructed and contractors or residents are throwing garbage in open areas leading to foul smell. Therefore, civic body has decided to start a new system.\"Surinder Sharma, president of resident welfare association of Sector 15, said, \"The new system is a good initiative, but will only be successful if things are carried out systematically.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12321229", "title": "Ten booked under Atrocities Act", "text": "GONDIA: The government quarter vacating issue took an ugly turn when the lady health visitor alleged molestation and abuse on communal lines and ten persons were booked under Atrocities Act. Pushpakala Nandagawaali (45) of Parsodi village in Sadak Arjuni tehsil filed two complaints; molestation and abuse under the Atrocities Act. Ten residents of Parsodi village, including a lady, were booked on Friday.Those arrested are Pushpakala's helper Anuradha Gajapure, Yograj Mendhe, Dhoman Shende, Arvind Funde, Haridas Hattimare, Vyankat Funde, Hargovind Funde, Daasahrath Borkar, Vishnu Hattimare and Govind Shende.Pushpakala Nandagawali was posted in the sub health centre of Parsodi and was living in the government quarters, along with husband Sadashaiv Nandagawali. Recently she was posted in the health squad of Sadak Arjuni, so she was no more entitled for the government quarter in Parsodi.The residents of Parsodi, including Tanta Mukti Samittee, demanded that she should vacate quarter. Pushpakala alleged that on March 11, she was abused on communal lines and molested.Sources said that a few days before, Sadashiav was alleged to have misbehaved with their helper Anuradha Gajapure and she had lodged the complaint in Duggipar police station. SDO (P) Shaashikant Borate is investigating into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12326356", "title": "British scholarships", "text": "Sixty new scholarships for Master's programmes in the UK are to be awarded to Indian students this yearBritish Prime Minister David Cameron has recently announced 60 new'Jubilee Scholarships' to be awarded to Indian students this year. The scholars will receive full funding for a one-year Master's course in the UK, starting September 2012.Funded by the British Council and the UK Government, the scholarships have been launched as part of the celebrations for the Queen's Diamond Jubilee. The aim is to enable talent from across India to come and study Master's courses in business, administration, manufacturing, science or technology.The awards will be open to applicants from all over India, and the scheme aims to include students from every Indian state among the awardees.Rob Lynes, the British Council's director in India, says, \"A scholarship is a fitting way to mark the occasion of the Diamond Jubilee, as it is the creation of new opportunity - not just for the student, but for the host institution to benefit from Indian perspectives and ideas, for new friendships to be made and new links to be created and fostered between our two countries.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12323786", "title": "Immunization at all-time low", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The immunization coverage in the state recorded a drastic fall said the economic review report of 2011. As per the report , barring polio administration , all the other immunization drives have hit a low in the state during 2011-12 . DPT immunization is at the bottom of the list. The state's health machinery could administer DPT vaccines to 5,36,416 children in the state during 2010-11 , but it came down to 2,24,380 in 2011-12 . However, the polio campaign has recorded a huge increase after 26,71,648 children were given the vaccine in 2011-12 , while the figure was 5,37,497 in 2010-11 .Even the tetanus vaccines administered to pregnant women have come down drastically . If there were 5,10,394 beneficiaries in 2010-11 , it has come down to 3,46,921 in 2011-12 . Same is the case for BCG, measles and the tetanus vaccines given to children below five, ten and 16 years.Mortality RateThe economic review also pointed out that Kerala has another problem - high mortality rate at the 'most productive ages' of people. The ageing population is increasing in the state, but lack of nutrition, environmental sanitation and lack of preventive health care are adding to their woes and healthcare.The report said that prevalence of diseases associated with lifestyle and ageing, prevalence of environmentrelated diseases, lack of infrastructure facilities and trained personnel are the major problems faced by the state in the health sector.Common communicable diseases like dengue, malaria , leptospirosis , hepatitis, chikungunya , swine flu etc are increasing every year, said the report.The presence of 'co-morbidity' is a major problem which leads to mortality in case of communicable diseases . Major problems in this area are lack of peripheral centres for early detection, lack of rapid diagnostic test kits at health institutions, lack of safe drinking water, unhygienic environment and lack of manpower in urban areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12322921", "title": "Probe into old Goa robbery gets cops' boost", "text": "PANAJI: SP (North) Vijay Singh has formed three police teams to investigate Goa's biggest robbery involving the theft of antique items from the Museum of Christian Art on Saturday. Museum security guard Luis Bogato, 55, was killed by the culprits.Investigations into the case were temporarily stalled as the police officials got busy with election duty, which adversely affected the routine crime investigations. The police team sent to Mumbai to check on the six men arrested by Mumbai police, who had planned to steal antique furniture from a museum in Chandor, ruled out their involvement in the Old Goa museum theft.SP Singh had a meeting with the North Goa district sub divisional officers (SDPOs) and the PIs on Saturday to look into different aspects of the case and investigate from all possible angles. While the police strongly suspect the involvement of the security guards, they have so far not been able to gather concrete evidence against the accused. Suspecting the involvement of two security guards, the Old Goa police had arrested Ravi Kumar, 20, from Bihar and Tikka Bahadur, 29, from Nepal, on suspicion. They also suspect two persons from Mumbai of being involved in the robbery.After the meeting, the police have formed three teams to look into different aspects of the case. One team is headed by Old Goa PI Edwin Colaco, another by Panaji PI Rajan Prabhudessai and third by Crime branch PI Pravin Vast. They will report to DySP Gajanand Prabhudessai. The teams will verify with whom the accused were in contact before the incident, from where and who had purchased the live rounds. They are also verifying details of other security personnels who had worked in the museum and knew its functioning.When contacted, SP Singh said, \"Investigations are in progress and we are trying to connect the loose ends\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh road", "code": "12324006", "title": "Posh locality poor in basic amenities", "text": "CHANDIGARH ROAD: Sector 32-A on Chandigarh Road, which is among posh localities of the city, is a blot when it comes to basic amenities. Residents say the authorities have failed in fulfilling their needs and they are desperately awaiting relief from bumpy roads, choked sewerage lines and pathetic condition of parks.According to the residents, they have complained thrice to the GLADA officials since October 2011 but their voice always fell on deaf ears. However, the GLADA officials say they have allotted tenders for the construction of roads and the work would begin soon.A senior citizen and area resident, J L Magoo said, There are deep potholes on the roads and driving on them has become a tough task. The number of accidents has also increased.He said they had met GLADA officials again on March 12 and were assured of quick solution but nothing has been done so far. Echoing the same, another resident Harpal Singh , a businessman said, Since the development of this colony, the sewerage lines have not been cleaned and choking creates problems for the residents because filthy water enters houses. We are in deep trouble and officials are not concerned.Narrating the pathetic condition of parks, Rajinder Pal Singh, president of Sudhar Sabha, said, Alongside the main road, space for green belt was kept when the colony was developed, but till now, officials have not turned these barren pieces into parks. Instead of proving beneficial for the environment, these parks have turned into garbage dumps.Assuring immediate action, additional chief administrator of GLADA, Jaswant Singh said, The problem is in our notice and residents would get rid of them very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12323152", "title": "Glitch shuts online passport system", "text": "CHENNAI: Officials of the ministry of external affairs met in New Delhi met recently to discuss a possible glitch that has downed the online passport system, leaving thousands of applicants unable to get appointment dates.Many applicants in Chennai too, some with important commitments abroad, caught in the apparent computer malfunction, were unable to submit their documents at the three Passport Seva Kendras and the regional passport office in Shastri Bhavan.Viswanathan K, who has been trying to get an appointment for his son for the past week, said the appointment window opens at 4 pm but is filled within five minutes.Officials say the situation could have been caused by a technical problem that allows travel agents and touts to infiltrate the system and swamp it by quickly completing the nine stages of the online application before the general public can.\"Though the passport fee is only Rs 1,000, those who are not literate and who do not have internet access are shelling out close to Rs 3,000 to agents to get an online appointment,\" an official said. Top officials in the RPO admit that there is a glitch in the system and said they have been informed about the problem.The ambitious Rs 1,000 crore project by Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) was intended to make the process of applying for a passport easier, but it has made it even harder to get an appointment at the passport offices than before, said a source.\"Why don't they simply revert to the old system where at least one is assured of an appointment either a week or a month later?\" asked an applicant. \"With this system it appears to be impossible to get a date. If the government has spent Rs 1,000 crore of taxpayers' money then I suppose it should be answerable to applicants,\" said Dominic Natarajan, who has been running from pillar to post get an appointment as he has to go abroad on an assignment.Regional passport officer (Chennai) C Senthil Pandian said the ministry of external affairs has instructed its offices to attend to applicants who are not able to get appointments online. \"We already have a system in place where 10 categories of applicants can walk into the Passport Seva Kendra offices in Tambaram,\" he said.When contacted, TCS officials declined to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12323969", "title": "Woman cop attempts suicide in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: A woman police attached to the Tamil Nadu Special Police Battalion-I in Trichy allegedly attempted to commit suicide on Sunday after she was denied leave by a head constable, who happened to be her superior. Fortunately, the woman was saved due to the timely intervention of he higher officials, who admitted her to hospital where she was provided with emergency treatment.According to sources, the police woman, K K Soodamani (26), who is serving as a lower rank cadre of the TNSP-I in Trichy, was engaged in patrol duty continuously without having been granted any leave. Over the past few weeks, she had seemed upset with her higher-ups as well as herself for not able to take a break. Frustrated by this, she applied leave for two days. However, a head constable reportedly refused to allow her to go on leave.The refusal of leave further added to her mental agony. At this juncture, she allegedly consumed sleeping pills in a bid to commit suicide on Saturday evening. However, she was taken to the Annal Gandhi memorial government hospital in Trichy immediately. Luckily, she was saved and her condition became stable. She was later transferred to a private hospital in the city.When asked, the police said that Soodamani did not take the sleeping pills to attempt suicide, but had only consumed another tablet instead of a regular one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12322263", "title": "Abu Salem's ex-lawyer named in fraud case", "text": "Mumbai: Ashok Saraogi, former lawyer of extradited gangster Abu Salem, has been named in a cheating case charge sheet filed by the EOW. Police said Saraogi along with the prime accused, Michael Anthony Soosai, was involved in a Rs 3.5-crore cheating, forgery and conspiracy case. The duo allegedly duped a film studio owner by selling him a Kandivli plot, which belonged to the state.\"Soosai, a Tamil Nadu native, came to Mumbai and entered politics. He became a member of the New Jerusalem church in Bhandup. He would stay in a room at the Industrial estate plot and conduct prayers there,\" a police source said, adding that in 1998, chief father of the church, N Lazer, gave Soosai the power of attorney to allot the Kandivli property in the name of church and nominated him as the assistant priest. The property would belong to the tehsildar.EOW sources said in 2007, Jeet Singh (40), a Delhi resident and a partner in the Legend studio, was looking for plot when he learnt of the Kandivli Cooperative Industrial Estate property in Charkop through his agent.\"Singh met the accused and Soosai told him that he had control over the property. The meeting was conducted at Saraogi's office and the deal was finalized at Rs 4.2 crore. Singh gave Rs 10 lakh as token amount. Documents were prepared in Saraogi's office. However, even after six months, the property was not transferred in Singh's name and by then he had paid Rs 3.5 crore.Two years after the deal, Singh lodged a complaint with the Charkop police. A probe revealed Soosai was never given the power of attorney and he had prepared fake papers. The church had, said police, terminated Soosai's membership in 2005. When contacted, Saraogi said, \"No comments\". Soosai is in Arthur Road jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12324469", "title": "Word-of-mouth promos pay off at box office", "text": "Mumbai: That 'content is king' has been proved once again by two recently released films. The box office earnings of Irrfan-starrer \"Paan Singh Tomar\" and Vidya Balan's \"Kahaani\" surpassed their budget shortly after release.Paan Singh Tomar, which cost Rs 4.5 crore, has collected Rs 12 crore in its second week. The film is being added in more centres. With a budget of Rs 11 crore, Kahaani's earnings touched Rs 24 crore on Friday.The Irrfan-starrer saw first day earnings of Rs 75 lakh and Kahaani's paid preview collected the same amount. Trade experts said word-of-mouth publicity worked for both movies.\"We had forgotten that word of mouth promotion worked for a film. These films are doing brisk business from the first day because people appreciated them,\" trade analyst Taran Adarsh said.\"Kahaani collected merely Rs 75 lakh in its paid preview last week. However, on Friday the film saw a collection of 2.9 crore,\" he added . Trade pundit Amod Mehra feels the business of such cinema has got a lot to do with their budget.\"A film's budget has a bearing on its success. The Kareena Kapoor and Imran Khan-starrer 'Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu' could have been a bigger hit had its budget been smaller,\" said Mehra. While Kahaani had a larger release, Paan Singh Tomar hit theatres without much fanfare. \"The controlled release was part of our marketing strategy,\" producer Siddharth Roy Kapur said.Moreover, many feel the movies would have done better had they been launched after the school exams.\"Students have their final exams in March, this affects box office collection. The collections may have been 40% higher than what they have earned,\" said Vishal Anand, operation head of Fun Cinemas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12323832", "title": "Tourism helped boost growth", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The economic review has pointed out that the tourism industry in the state has not only facilitated infrastructure development but also helped in balanced and sustainable regional growth by generating income and creating employment opportunities. Kerala's tourism model succeeded due to strong brand positioning, product differentiation, model public private partnership, tremendous political support and public acceptance, adds the report.PerformanceForeign tourist arrival during the year 2010-11 was 6,59,265, which shows an increase of 18.31% compared to that of previous year. The domestic tourist arrival has shown an increase of 8.61% this year, the report says. The foreign exchange earning for the period 2010-11 has recorded an increase of 33.09% compared to last year. The total revenue from this sector has shown an increase of 31.12%.The tourism sector's contribution to the state's GDP is around nine per cent.The main priority this year will be to position Kerala as a model state in responsible tourism with community participation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-19"}
