{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142721", "title": "Haryana to cancel driving licence after 3rd violation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Intensifying its campaign against drunk driving, speeding and rash and negligent driving, the Haryana government has decided to record each violation and cancel licences of drivers who log three violations.The decision was taken at the road safety committee meeting last week. \"We want to put a check on road fatalities. These three categories of violations are more serious. There are provisions in the Central Motor Vehicle Act to cancel licences of such habitual offenders. We have directed all district police to enforce this,\" additional inspector general (traffic) Sibash Kabiraj told TOI.He added that the traffic police had computerized data of driving licences and each violation would be recorded.Haryana, which recorded a significant decline in road deaths in 2011 by taking traffic and engineering interventions, witnessed an increase in fatal accidents in the winter months. \"Due to fog conditions, there was increase in accidents and fatalities between December and February. Now we want to reverse the trend,\" Kabiraj said.The road safety committee, headed by the chief secretary, has asked the traffic police to conduct seminars and awareness campaigns all over the state about road safety and enforcement measures against violators. The campaign kicked off from Karnal, the headquarters of the state traffic police, and the entire state will be covered in the next 30 days.\"This is a positive move. There are enough provisions in the Central Motor Vehicle Act. Licences can even be cancelled in case of a single violation. What we lack is enforcement by traffic police. Once people find it impossible to get a fresh licence, they will mend their ways,\" said Rohit Baluja, a member of the UN Road Safety Collaboration.Haryana traffic police has directed that all vehicles carrying wood should fix reflectors and those carrying load over the prescribed limit would be fined. Similarly, anyone driving two-wheeler without helmet or driving with three persons would also be fined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13142363", "title": "Century\u2019s last transit of Venus on June 6", "text": "BHOPAL: In order to provide information about the century's last transit of Venus, Madhya Pradesh Council of Science and Technology (MPCST) organized a two-day workshop in the city from Monday. Venus will cross the sun's face as seen from Earth for the last time in this century on June 6.By June 2012, as Venus leaves the evening sky to enter the morning sky, this brightest of planets will pass right in front of the sun, to stage one of the rarest of predictable astronomical phenomena: a transit of Venus across the sun's face. This upcoming transit of Venus will be the last one for the 21st century. The last transit of Venus was June 8, 2004.Addressing the gathering, chief guest of the opening day, vice-chancellor of Makhanlal Chaturvedi of National Institute of Journalism , Prof BK Kuthiyala said the present generation is fortunate to witness the amazing astronomical activity. \"Students should study and try to learn maximum about the last transit of Venus. They will have the opportunity to understand this astronomical phenomenon in better way as they can experience it also,\" Kuthiyala said. During the workshop it was informed that proper eye protection is absolutely essential for watching a transit of Venus as it may risk blindness or permanent eye damage.The transit will take place across a period of nearly 7 hours on June 6. During the transit, Venus will appear in silhouette as a small, dark dot moving in front of the solar disk. This exceedingly rare astronomical event won't happen again until December 11, 2117.Transits of Venus are very rare, plus transits tend to occur in pairs. They occur in a pattern that repeats every 243 years, with pairs of transits eight years apart separated by long gaps of up to 121.5 years. Before 2004, the last pair of transits was in December 1874 and December 1882.Director general of MPCST, Prof Pramod K Verma in his address said the transit of Venus would help learn new astronomical things happening in the universe. The participants of the workshop informed about the several important information on Venus transit including solar parallaxes among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13142715", "title": "Alina files nomination for Cortalim bypoll", "text": "VASCO: The Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) candidate for the Cortalim constituency bypoll, Alina Saldanha, filed her nomination at 10.30am on Monday. Saldanha said, \"My manifesto will remain the same as my husband's was. My motto is to fulfill his dreams.\"Present when she filed her nomination were chief minister Manohar Parrikar , ministers Mahadev Naik and Milind Naik, BJP supporters and Cortalim locals who are backing Saldanha. While speaking to mediapersons after filing her nomination, Saldanha said, \"If I win, I will work according to Matanhy's manifesto and fulfill the promises he made to the Cortalim people. I will serve the people of Cortalim, and Goans at large.\" When asked about her support base, she said, \"I am confident of winning the election. I have the support of the people of Goa and the government.\" She added, \"People believe in our party as we are capable of giving them what they need.\"A huge crowd gathered outside the deputy collector's office in Vasco to show their support to Saldanha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142138", "title": "IPL 5: Bravo! It's Team Chennai again", "text": "KOLKATA: Dwayne Bravo's last-ball six helped Team Chennai record a dramatic five-wicket win over Team Kolkata at the Eden Gardens on Monday night.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsThe win also kept their hopes alive for a playoff berth. After their dominating show against table-topper Team Delhi in their last match, Chennai spinners did well to restrict Kolkata to 158 for 6 after skipper MS Dhoni won the toss and elected to field.Chennai openers Mike Hussey and Murali Vijay gave them a strong start before Kolkata's main weapon Sunil Narine brought the team back into the match picking up both the openers in his third over. Suresh Raina and Faf du Plessis too fell quickly before Dhoni decided to take charge.Dhoni virtually finished off the tie in the 19th over when he hit Marchant de Lange, who replaced Brett Lee in the side, for one six and two fours to take his side nearer home. But he fell in the last over before Bravo sealed the issue for them.Chennai's third win on the trot put a question mark on Kolkata's chances of progressing as both the sides are at par with 17 points.However, with Bangalore, Jaipur and Mohali still in with a chance, the fight for top four finish can very well go to the wire now. While Chennai still need to win their last match against Mohali on Thursday, Kolkata too need to win at least one of their last two matches to stay afloat in the tournament.It was yet another case of Team Kolkata making a cracking start only to fizzle out in the end.Skipper Gautam Gambhir again led from the front, using his feet well against the spinners to hit three huge sixes and some delightful boundaries.Brendon McCullum gave his skipper good company as Team Kolkata raced to 50 without loss in the first six overs of Powerplay. However, both enjoyed a life each. McCullum fell to a treibble mix-up while Gambhir departed soon after for a well-made 62 off 43 balls.Chennai came back strongly as Jacques Kallis and Manoj Tiwary failed to carry on the momentum.Yusuf Pathan, once again, failed to fire and it was some late flourish by two Bengal players, Debabrata Das and LR Shukla, which helped Kolkata cross the 150-run mark, but they still fell short by some 15-20 runs in the end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13142713", "title": "IMCH to provide low-cost infertility cure for couples", "text": "KOZHIKODE: An infertility clinic would be set up at the Institute of Maternity and Child Health (IMCH) to provide affordable treatment for childless couples. In the first phase, an intrauterine insemination (IUI) lab will be set up in a month.The IUI labs are used to plant the washed motile sperm of the donor inside the uterus cavity at the time of ovulation.The IMCH has already purchased equipment worth Rs 3 lakh to set up the lab. Sperm banks will also be part of the facility.\"We will set up advanced infertility treatment which is available in the private hospital in a step by step process,\" said C Sreekumar, superintendent of IMCH.In the second phase, the IMCH will set up an in-vitro fertilization and embryo transfer (IVF-ET) facility. It is a medical procedure which combines both female egg and male sperm outside the women body. The fertilized embryo will be then placed inside the uterus of women for implantation and pregnancy.A sum of Rs 2 crore is needed to set up the facility. The IMCH is also planning to set up other assisted reproductive technology (ART) such as Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection (ICSI) too. \"We would be able to provide IVF-ET treatment for couples for one-third of the amount charged by the private hospitals. It costs Rs 1 lakh for a month cycle in the private hospital,\" said the Dr Umadevi, head of the department of gynecology.Dr C Ravindran, principal, Kozhikode Medical College, said the college has already submitted a proposal to set up a state-of-the-art infertility clinic to the state health department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13142562", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education to start helpline services for students", "text": "BHOPAL: Good news for Class X and XII board examinees! The Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) will start the second phase of its helpline services for students dealing with post exam and pre-result related stress from May 15.Any student, who has appeared for class X and XII board exams can call at the helpline numbers between 6 am and 10 pm, seven days a week.Students and their parents can also come in person to redress their anxieties and grievances on the Board Office premises. They can meet counsellors present there and seek help, a spokesperson of the board office said.There would be four counsellors who would address the students' problems and anxieties.The helpline services would be available even on holidays and weekends till June 16 so that even after declaration of results, students can seek career counselling and guidance, the spokesman said.Any student, who has appeared for class X and XII board exams can call at the helpline numbers between 6 am and 10 pm, seven days a weekLandline: 0755-2570248, 0755- 2570258Mobile: 09407279003, 09407279004", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "greater bangalore is spread over 800 sqkm of area and has about 17 lakh properties , including more than a lakh properties in the newly added 110 villages. in terms of cost of living , bangalore tops all other metros . then why is the city administration poor and ever in debt? one reason", "code": "13144034", "title": "Time to go beyond tom-tom tactics", "text": "Greater Bangalore is spread over 800 sqkm of area and has about 17 lakh properties , including more than a lakh properties in the newly added 110 villages. In terms of cost of living , Bangalore tops all other metros . Then why is the city administration poor and ever in debt? One reason: The civic body loses hundreds of crores of rupees in property tax revenue.As per a market research, Whitefield has over 25 million sqft operational IT office space, of which 10 million sqft is vacant. In comparison , Electronic City has over 8.2 million sq ft operational IT office space and 3.3 million sqft is vacant. But the IT hub of Electronic City does not fall under the ambit of BBMP. Though the companies on the other outlying areas come under BBMP tax framework, tax collected from them is not on par with the development that has taken place. Reason : many private companies have done an under declaration of their operational areas while BBMP is too slack to inspect the properties in its own boundaries and generate revenue from them.The civic body is supposed to impose penalty on those who delay or default on tax payment. But it did little to identify defaulters. However , one fine day, it woke up. It may be recalled that it resorted to the drum-beating exercise in front of IT parks and commercial complexes last year to make the property owners cough up their dues of property tax. But such an exercise was of little help as it had not brought awareness among other defaulters.As per the budget book of 2010-11 , it is said that the revised estimate of penalty collected in 2009-10 on delayed payment of property tax was Rs 20.65 crore. This was seven times higher than the estimate . However, the same was not reflected in the property tax receipts , as the revised estimate was Rs 30 crore lesser than the estimated amount. Only BBMP can explain this muddle.BBMP collected Rs 1,210 crore as property tax for 2011-12 . It is expected to collect Rs 1,850 for the current financial year.According to BBMP officials themselves, thousands of property owners have under declared the extent of property thus leading to revenue leakage. Cross checking of what is the actual property as against the tax declared by the property owners is yet to be taken up by BBMP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13143315", "title": "2 boys enact kidnapping drama, held", "text": "PATNA: Patna police, on Monday, revealed a 'kidnapping drama' enacted by a boy to extract money from his father with the help of his friend and arrested both the boys from Dargah Road under Sultanganj police station.City SP Kim said, one Mohammad Mukarram had enacted his abduction drama a couple of days back with the help of his friend, Mohammad Waris. Both lived at Dargah Road. Mukarram is a Class IX student in the Baldwin School, Boring Road.Kim said Waris called Mukarram's father, Fakre Alam, for ransom of Rs 1 lakh failing which he threatened to kill him. However, Alam got the inkling of the drama staged by his son and tried to implicate one Arun Singh with whom he had some dispute, the SP said, adding that Alam even told the police that it was Singh who had kidnapped his son.A team was constituted to nab the kidnappers, Kim said, adding a police team was sent to Fatuha also though both the boys escaped apprehending police action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141550", "title": "IPL rush: Avoid ITO on Friday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic congestion is expected near ITO on Friday evening due to an IPL cricket match at Ferozshah Kotla Stadium beginning at 8pm. Very limited parking is available in the proximity of the stadium, only for labeled vehicles.No vehicle shall be allowed to be parked on Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg and Jawaharlal Nehru Marg (both the carriageways) on the day of the match. Vehicles parked on these roads will be towed away, traffic cops have warned.Park and ride facility will be available at Mata Sundari and Shanti Van parking. Meanwhile, Ferozshah Kotla Stadium DTC and DDCA will run special connecting services from Pragati Maidan and New Delhi Metro Stations to the venue. Car parking label holders are advised to take Ring Road, JLN Marg, Asaf Ali Road or Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg. No U-turn is allowed at Delhi Gate.Entry for gate numbers 1-7 is from Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg and from JLN Marg for gate numbers 8-15. Meanwhile entry for gate numbers 16, 17 and 18 will be from BSZ Marg, next to petrol pump.Commuters are advised to avoid stretches near ITO, including Rajghat to JLN Marg, JLN Marg from Kamla Market roundabout to Rajghat, Asaf Ali Road from Turkman Gate to Delhi Gate and Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg from Ram Charan Agarwal Chowk to Delhi Gate from 6pm to 12.30am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13142659", "title": "PCB fails to enforce e-waste management rules", "text": "KOCHI: Even though the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) introduced e-waste (management and handling) rules in 2011, the state pollution control board (SPCB) is apparently not ready to enforce them. To date, the SPCB has not conducted any studies on how to deal with the e-waste problem.However, top board officials claimed a study was on the anvil, and that it would be undertaken in three municipalities in 2012, followed by rest of the state. SPCB expects to complete the process in a year.\"Only after such a study will we have an idea about the issue and formulate measures to handle the waste in the long run. The transformation of Kerala, (a consumer rich state) from a repair-and-use society into a use-and-throw society is pretty recent. And this has been contributing to the accumulation of e-waste,\" said K Sajeevan, chairman, SPCB.As per the new rule recommended by MoEF, the liability of dealing with e-waste rests with the manufacturers and dealers of electronic goods, who will have to set up buy-back centres for non-functioning electronic appliances.\"SPCB will coordinate with local self-government to install collection centres across the state, and together we hope to collect 90% of the e-waste. While hazardous waste procured will be send to the Ambalamedu facility of the Kerala Enviro Infrastructure Ltd, non-hazardous waste can be used as landfills. SPCB is keen on the matter because e-waste will be Kerala's biggest problem in the future,\" Sajeevan said.\"Already most of the electronic products here are environment friendly. Procuring and recycling e-waste would definitely ensure a greener Kerala. I am sure all major manufacturers and dealers of electronic goods would participate in the exercise,\" said Susan Mathew, marketing head, Smartsoft, a major dealer in computer products, on being asked about the new rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143664", "title": "CBI likely to register cases against members of Income Tax Appellate Tribunal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is likely to register cases against more than 20 members of different benches of Income Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT) for alleged corruption and collusion while dealing with various cases. Official sources said that the agency has gathered sufficient evidence against these members for allegedly \"conspiring with private persons to pass favourable orders\".The ITAT is a quasi-judicial body and has benches in Mumbai, Delhi, Agra, Ahmedabad, Allahabad, Amritsar, Bangalore, Chandigarh, Chennai, Indore, Nagpur and Patna among others. The two-member bench is selected by a board chaired by a sitting judge of the Supreme Court.\"The CBI has received evidence on alleged irregularities being done by ITAT members. Over 50 orders passed by these members are being scrutinized by the agency. The orders clearly indicate criminal collusion and corruption,\" a source claimed.He said the names of some noted chartered accountancy firms have also come up during the preliminary probe.\"Some fresh cases may be registered against ITAT members and personnel of the chartered firms,\" the source added.The CBI had on May 13, 2008, registered a case against Jugal Kishore, an ITAT member from Kolkata, for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 30 lakh from an accounting firm to deliver favourable orders to its client.A chargesheet has been filed by CBI in January before a Kolkata special court against Kishore and five other persons, including the owner of accounting firm (S K Tulsiyan and Company), S K Tulsiyan, Sashi Tulsiyan, Ravi Tulsiyan besides middle men Subhash Chand Barjatiya and Nishant Jain.The agency had alleged that Kishore demanded bribe of Rs 30 lakh from the accounting firm for undue favours extended to them in Income Tax matters of various parties before the Tribunal. \"The Tulsiyans were acting as a tout to Jugal Kishore and were the middlemen and prepared orders on behalf of the members of ITAT, Kolkata and manipulated orders,\" a CBI spokesperson had said.The most glaring case is that of the tribunal's Kolkata bench - as many as 12 of its orders were recovered from Tulsiyan's hard discs before these were delivered - the CBI had alleged. The agency had during searches conducted at Kishore's residence recovered Rs 28 lakh of `bribe money' and the remaining Rs two lakh was found in a briefcase with Jain and Barjatiya.Later, during the searches at the offices of the accounting firm, the CBI had claimed to have recovered nearly 14 computer discs carrying over 70 pre-dated judgements which were delivered in various benches of the tribunal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141686", "title": "Stop private buses from halting at Central Avenue, demand residents", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents from Hansapuri, under the banner of Hansapuri Nagrik Manch, gathered near Geetanjali Talkies on Monday morning and raised slogans demanding the immediate shifting of offices of private travels so that they do not pick up passengers from the busy Central Avenue.The trigger for the protest was the death of 14-year-old Mohammed Shoaib who was crushed by a private bus on Saturday. Shoaib was a Std V student of Harikisan Public School at Bezonbagh.\"There are several junctions along Central Avenue where the buses stop to pick up passengers in a very haphazard manner. Traffic jams and accidents routinely happen here. The RTO and traffic department have failed to address the problem,\" said Dilip Nanavate, the president of the Manch.After the residents paid a floral tribute to Shoaib, Nanavate said, \"We are demanding the immediate shifting of private buses from this area to avoid mishaps. Haphazard parking of these buses on the main roads makes it difficult for one to access the road connecting Mayo Hospital Chowk and Telephone Exchange Square.\"Another resident, Sushil Balpande informed that drivers and conductors of the private buses do not care for the safety of other vehicles. By allowing passengers to board the bus and get down in the middle of the road, sometimes even when the vehicle is in motion, they are putting other motorists in a difficult position. \"The private buses do not follow traffic rules and it results in chaos,\" he said.The private buses also create hurdles at busy junctions like Jadhav Chowk near Ganeshpeth ST Bus stand, Dhantoli and at Bole Petrol pump near Dharampeth. Even though the high court has issued strict directives to both RTO and traffic police to ensure private buses do not create traffic jams, motorists say that they have never seen traffic cops trying to ease the congestion at these spots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13143003", "title": "Suicidal tendency among students up", "text": "INDORE: Suicidal tendencies among students have gone up as they are burdened with greater expectations from the parents coupled with academic pressure. Statistics show that more and more students are taking the extreme step of suicide in a bid to end their misery after failing in their pursuit of professional excellence. Four students have committed suicide in last one month.City based psychiatrist Dr Manish Jain said suicide rate has increased sharply. In 2000, it was six persons per lakh and in 2012 it has increased to 11 suicides per lakh. Dr Jain said the age group that is committing suicide is between 15 and 35.\"A trend has been witnessed in such cases wherein the persons are committing suicide leaving little scope for intervention,\" he said adding that mainly the causes are due to failure or rejection by the society and not for purely economic reasons as was in the past. \"Generation gap too has been playing a significant role in driving the youngsters to commit suicide,\" he added.Sociologist Dr Gyan Prakash said stress and insecurity among students are at its peak. Whatever the course they have opted, they are really worried about their future and if they don't get desired results, they fail to control their emotions, he said. \"Parents are busy in their respective professions and hardly have time to deal with the problems of their wards,\" said Dr Prakash adding that children are not getting proper socialisation which in turn results the inability to tackle challenges of life. Inspector General (Indore), Anuradha Shankar said loneliness among the youth and inability to share it with a partner has been reasons for suicides. \"If people, especially students are in need of support during examination period, they seldom find moral support.\"Citing possible reasons behind taking extreme steps by students, consultant psychiatrist at MY Hospital, Pali Rastogi said it is due to the increasing self and family expectations from youth and their failure of not coming up to the expectations. \"When student becomes hopeless and finds himself helpless to meet to the expectations goes under depression which drives one to take the extreme step,\" he said.Social activist Tapan Bhattacharya echoed similar sentiments. He termed growing expectations from youth, unhealthy competition, and nuclear family model as the reason for increasing suicidal tendencies among the educated class. Bhattacharya said youths in big numbers are coming to Indore to get their dreams realised and if they fail to make it, they find themselves helpless and lose hope. The social activist and the psychologist have urged the family to really understand their ward and do not put undue pressure on him which could lead to depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13145826", "title": "Apple: We are turning Green, not rotten", "text": "NEW DELHI: When Greenpeace went to town with its \" Rotten Apple\" accusation last week in India, the maker of best-selling gadgets iPad and iPhone was not amused.Particularly because it had already refuted what many considered was the Green guerrilla warrior's \"over the top\" hysterics in the US.The latest accusation followed by demonstration in six countries, including India, in which Greenpeace singled out Apple for some environmental stick drew Cupertino, US-based Apple out of its usual shell to refute the charges.An Apple spokeswoman was at pains to explain how before the survey Greenpeace representatives had been told their premise was erroneous. And yet, Greenpeace chose to focus on Apple, perhaps because using Apple's name would get it the required attention.The American environmental NGO's report, 'How Green is your Cloud' pertains to the use of energy in running the data centres of top technology companies. The campaign - like most Greenpeace campaigns - was signed by lakhs of online users.The Greenpeace report also castigated Microsoft, Amazon and Twitter with poor ranking.\"We love our iPhones, they make our lives better; but they shouldn't make the planet worse,\" a Greenpeace spokesman was quoted as saying.According to Greenpeace report, Google, Facebook and Yahoo were among those who got a good ranking. Apple was given a 'D' ranking based on efficiency of datacenters, sharing information about power use, and lobbying utilities to provide clean energy. But the company got 'F' grading in terms of location of its datacenters in places where electricity to power them still comes largely from coal.Two of Apple's data centres located in Maiden, North Carolina and Prineville, Oregon which were mentioned in the Greenpeace report, are being used to host its iCloud service.\"Our data center in North Carolina will draw about 20 megawatts at full capacity, and we are on track to supply more than 60% of that power on-site from renewable sources including a solar farm and fuel cell installation which will each be the largest of their kind in the country. We believe this industry-leading project will make Maiden the greenest data center ever built, and it will be joined next year by our new facility in Oregon running on 100% renewable energy,\" the Apple PR spokeswoman told The Times of India.The world over, the mushrooming of data centers has led to huge electricity consumption by them. Organisations like Greenpeace keep tab on them every year in a bid to force them to use renewable sources of power.Normally media reticent Apple refused to share exactly how many data centres it runs, citing competitive reasons, but claimed its other facilities located in Cork, Ireland; Munich , Germany; Austin, Texas; and Elk Grove, California are using 100 percent renewable energy resources.In its 'Facilities Report,' Apple also talks about a tiered, three-step approach to achieving a 'net zero' goal including: ensuring its facilities are as energy efficient as possible; generating clean, renewable energy onsite and meeting the remaining need.\"In terms of the crucial off-site renewable energy, Apple pursues grid-purchased renewable energy from newer projects to provide energy developers with incentives to create more renewable energy resources. We also favour projects located within the same state or grid region as our facilities, to positively influence local renewable energy development,\" according to the report.Interestingly, Apple pointed out that the 2011 grid mix for Duke Energy , its utility provider in North Carolina, showed coal usage at 45%, rather than 61% as reported by Greenpeace. It claimed it was the first company to report its total carbon footprint and that its facilities only accounted for 2% of that while the product lifecycle accounted for 98%.Apple is building what it said is the largest directly-owned, onsite solar array in the US. When completed, this 100-acre, 20-megawatt facility will supply 42 million kWh of renewable energy annually.It is also building a fuel cell installation that goes online later this year and will be the largest non-utility fuel cell installation in the US. This 5-megawatt facility will be powered by 100% biogas, and provide more than 40 million kWh of 24x7 baseload renewable energy annually.However, many industry observers say that hydrogen fuel cells and even solar energy tech are yet to mature as a full-fledged alternative to non-renewable fossil fuels that currently power most of the world's humongous power-hungry facilities.This is obviously not the first, nor likely the last, skirmish between the world's best known Green warrior and the world's best-selling gadgets maker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13144414", "title": "Docs don't know they need to notify Tuberculosis cases", "text": "PUNE: Physicians, caregivers and doctors' associations in Pune expressed ignorance about a notification issued by the Union Health Ministry on May 7 which makes it mandatory for all healthcare providers to report every single case of tuberculosis (TB) to the government.Till now, doctors in the private sector were free to treat TB patients on their own without the need to keep a record.\"We do not have any knowledge about TB being declared as a notifiable disease. We didn't receive any communication from the state or the Pune Municipal Corporation about reporting TB cases to them,\" said Santaji Kadam, president of the General Practitioners' Association, Pune branch. The association has a membership of 1,000 general practitioners.Prakash Mahajan, also a general practitioner, said that he came to know about the notification only through this reporter. \"I spoke to a few other doctors and chest physicians and they too are not aware of any such decision. We have not been told about this notification and the format in which the report of TB cases is to be submitted to the government,\" said Mahajan, who is a former president of GPA, Pune.The Indian Medical Association, Pune branch, which has 4,000 doctors on its member-list also said that it was not informed either by the state government or the PMC. \"We are not aware of any such development,\" said gynaecologist Bharati Dhore-Patil, president of IMA, Pune.The Union Health Ministry's notification was issued with on May 7. The notification clearly states that 'all healthcare providers (clinical establishments run or managed by government including local authorities, private or NGOs and/ or individual practitioners) in all the districts and towns in your concerned state/UT be immediately kept informed (through appropriate mechanism) on the contents of the Government Order on TB notification in India for their compliance with immediate effect.'The notification further said: \"In order to ensure proper TB diagnosis and case management, reduce TB transmission and fight emergence of drug resistant TB, it is essential to have complete information of all TB cases. Therefore the healthcare providers shall notify every TB case to local authorities - district health officer/chief medical officer of a district and municipal health officer of a municipal corporation, every month.\"When asked why doctors have not been communicated about this government decision, Pradeep Gaikwad, joint director (TB) said, \"We have stepped up measures to sensitise doctors about notifying a TB patient to the government. Besides, we have involved doctors' associations in conducting workshops for private practitioners. It will require sustained efforts to sensitize each and every doctor about the government decision and bring every TB patient on record.\"Almost two months before the country declared TB a notifiable disease, the state's joint director (tuberculosis) had appealed to private practitioners to report cases of TB to the government for effective management of the disease, but the appeal received a cold response from doctors.Health officials from Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation and Pune Municipal Corporation said that they have started sensitising doctors. However, a few officials are of the view that district collector or magistrate be made the supervising authority to ensure strict implementation of the government decision.According to the Union health ministry, the private sector is the first point of contact for health services for 60% of Indians. \"Most patients start treatment of TB in the private sector. Earlier studies have shown that private doctors use irrational combinations to treat there patients, making them drug resistant. They finally land up in government treatment programme,\" said a senior health official of the revised national TB control programme (RNTCP).The notification added, \"Early diagnosis and complete treatment of TB is the cornerstone of TB prevention and control strategy. Inappropriate diagnosis and irregular/incomplete treatment with anti-TB drugs may contribute to complications, disease spread and emergence of drug resistant TB.\"Multi-drug resistant TB has reached menacing proportions with 15 lakh new cases reported every year. The WHO says around 73,000 of the notified new TB cases in 2010 were already multi-drug resistant. Of these, less than 3,000 were detected. The WHO says that 2.1% of all new cases in India are MDR-TB while as many as 15% of re-treatment TB cases are developing MDR-TB.Undiagnosed and mistreated cases continue to drive the epidemic in India. In 2010, an estimated 2.3 million TB cases occurred, and 360,000 patients died of TB, or about 1,000 deaths per day.Nearly one in six deaths among adults aged 15-49 are due to TB. Nearly 100,000 cases of serious multi-drug-resistant TB (MDR-TB) are estimated to occur in the country annually, and each MDR TB case costs more than Rs 1 lakh to diagnose and treat.A TB case is defined as* A patient diagnosed with at least one sputum specimen positive for acid fast bacilli or culture positive for mycobacterium tuberculosis or RNTCP endorsed rapid diagnostic molecular test positive for tuberculosisOR* A patient diagnosed clinically as a case of tuberculosis, without microbiologic confirmation and initiated on anti-TB drugs.*(Source: Government Order: Notification of TB case: Dated May 7, 2012)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13142681", "title": "KWA riding high on rupee fall", "text": "KOCHI: While the rest of the country mourns the devaluation of the rupee, a government agency here seems to be rejoicing over it. The Kerala Water Authority (KWA) was able to save a cool Rs 720 crore while spending a loan it had acquired from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) due to the depreciation of the Indian rupee against Japanese yen.It was in 1997 that JICA allotted KWA the loan for the Kerala Water Supply Project, which comprised five drinking water projects in various parts of the state. However, it took KWA six more years to just start the project. As KWA continued to delay the work, JICA and Kerala government revised the loan in 2009 on 2008 exchange rate when the value of yen against the rupee was around 50 paisa. Now one Japanese yen is around 67 paisa.According to JICA norms, the loan amount was to be disbursed in four installments. Of the 67,043 million yen allotted, the Japanese bank disbursed 11,822 million yen in 1997, 32,777 million yen in 2007, and 12, 727 million yen in 2009. As the rupee continued to slip, KWA got more money when it converted the foreign currency into Indian currency to settle bills.\"After meeting the expenses of the five projects, which came to a total of Rs 2,987crore, KWA will be left with a balance of around Rs 120 crore from three installments it had already received. The fourth installment can used for a new project,'' KWA officials said.As per the current exchange rate, the fourth installment of 9,717 million yen will come to around Rs 600 crore. The KWA is now planning to pump the amount thus saved into a fresh project.\"Due to appreciation of yen, we could save Rs 720 crore. We plan to use the amount for a fresh drinking water project in Kochi, which can generate 190 million litres of water a day. As the amount has already been allotted, we only require JICA permission to use it for the new project. We are sure we will able to get it without any delay,\" KWA managing director Ashok Kumar Singh told TOI.Eighty five per cent of the fund required for the project will come as JICA loan; the remaining will be state government contribution. The five projects under JICA-assisted Kerala Water Supply Project are getting underway in Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam, Cherthala (Alappuzha), Kozhikkode, Palakkad and Pattuvam(Kannur).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13144872", "title": "Not many ace swimmers", "text": "Mysore: Though every year the number of participants for swimming summer coaching camp is increasing, only a few take it to the next level. This is the observation of University of Mysore's swimming coach M P Nabhiraj.Every year, UoM conducts annual swimming coaching camp, and an average of 600 swimming enthusiasts attend the same. But only a few continue further and take it seriously. Most of those who attend the camp learn the basics, and discontinue. \"This was not the case some five years ago. Then around 5% of camp trainees used to take swimming to the next level,\" added Nabhiraj.\"Swimming is the king of all exercise - it fine-tunes the muscles like no other exercise does. Another advantage of swimming is it improves concentration. After coming out of the pool, swimmers feel fresh, while other sportspersons sweat, because of which they may feel uncomfortable,\" he added.UoM swimming pool is the only public pool in Mysore. If more pools are opened for the public, then the chance of training more swimmers - maybe professionals -- increases. Just a few days ago, chief minister Sadananda Gowda laid the foundation stone for a swimming pool of international standards at Chamundivihar Stadium. Once it's ready, it will be a boon for swimming enthusiasts, especially those in the vicinity of the stadium.\"If one wants to take swimming competitively, (s)he needs to practise at least for 3-4 hours in the pool. Parents and students who come here expect immediate results, but it is not possible. Now, the competition is high. So if one wants to excel, (s)he needs to practice vigourously,\" Nabhiraj said, calling upon parents to send their wards to swimming at least for one hour every day, \"as it keeps them fit\".Of late, many hotels too have started to conduct swimming camps, especially in summer, for the benefit of children.H T Vasudev, a gymnast, sends his sons Sanjay V Dev and Saurav V Dev to swimming. \"Swimming, being a good exercise, keeps the body fit from head to toe. I can't see any other better sports than swimming for my children,\" adds Vasudev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13142139", "title": "5 hit-and-runs reported in Nashik, 1 killed", "text": "NASHIK: A 32-year-old pedestrian was killed in an accident on Sunday. The deceased, Ravikiran Sonawane, a resident of Madsangvi, was walking in the Nandurnaka area around 7.30pm when a speeding truck hit him and fled from the scene. The Adgaon police have registered a case.Another pedestrian was injured in a hit-and-run near Khode Mala on Varvandi road. The victim, Dnyneshwar Shirsath, was walking when a truck driven by Vijay Mate hit him around 2pm on Sunday. The Adgaon police have registered an offence.In another accident, a multi-utility vehicle ( MUV) knocked down biker Bahadur Gurav (57), a resident of Yadav Colony, at 9.30pm on May 11 on Vadner-Pathardi Road. A complaint has been lodged against the driver, who fled the scene. A 29-year-old Jalgaon resident was injured after his bike was hit by a truck at Bhujbal Knowledge City at Adgaon Shivar. The victim, Vinod Salunke, said a truck going down the wrong side of the road led to the accident. The truck driver fled from the scene.In another case, a pedestrian was hit by a biker on College Road. A bike rammed into Nilesh Pawar (28) on Saturday at 10pm.Two vehicles stolen: A two-wheeler worth Rs 15,000 belonging to Sham Khedkar was stolen from the parking lot at Dongre Grounds. Another worth Rs 45,000 belonging to Suyash Patil was stolen from near Divya Adlab Theatre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "13143570", "title": "Fatal accident left him with a will to help others", "text": "DUGRI: Year 2000 was a very difficult one for 42-year-old Apandeep Singh who met with an accident, which left his jaw completely broken. After over eight months of treatment, he was finally able to walk and the first thing he decided to do was to start donating blood because he himself was in dire need of blood when he was injured. He has also formed a society that has already donated 2,600 units of blood.On March 23, 2000, Apandeep headed for Anandpur Sahib where his wife and children had gone for holidays. He was driving a scooter and his nephew was accompanying him. While describing the dreadful experience, Apandeep Singh, who deals in property sale and purchase business, said, ''I was driving my scooter and was near Anandpur Sahib when a big utensil kept in a four-wheeler suddenly fell down and hit me on the jaw. I lost control on the vehicle and fell unconscious on the road.''Apandeep added, ''My nephew Babban, who was just 16-years-old, got scared after seeing me in that condition. First he was unable to understand what he should do and in the meanwhile people travelling in the truck came back and offered help. I was immediately rushed to Civil Hospital Gadshankar from where I was referred to Dayanand Medical College and Hospital in Ludhiana.'' He said, ''I was operated upon and my teeth were refixed. opened my eyes after 12 days of the incident.''But trauma did not end for this man. One of the reconstructed tooth got stuck inside the gums and doctors said they need to operate again. ''I was taken to Amritsar, where I was operated upon again and only then my jaw came in the right shape,'' said Apandeep. ''This accident made me realize that life is very precious. I was lucky to have people who love me and were there when I needed blood. I know most people die simply because they do not get blood in time,'' said Apandeep.''In 2001, I had started donating blood and till now I have already donated 63 units of blood. I have also formed Humanity Equal Relationship Org (HERO) Society under which blood donation camps are regularly organized,'' he added. Like Apandeep, his 21-year-old son Amarjot Singh has also started donating blood and has donated 11 units blood till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13141525", "title": "CEO pins hope on May 22 NCR Planning Board meet", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Allahabad high court, the Greater Noida Authority is now looking forward to the statutory planning committee meeting of the NCR Planning Board (NCRPB) scheduled on May 22. Greater Noida Authority chairman and CEO, Rama Raman, said that the court has asked the Authority to go for an appeal against the verdict instead of a review petition.\"Our focus is on the statutory planning committee's meeting. We are confident of bringing relief to the homebuyers,\" Raman said. \"At present, we are not worried about hiked compensation and developed plots to be given to non-ancestral land owners. We will file an SLP in the matter. Our main intention is to resume work in the region,\" he added.The Regional Plan of the NCRPB indicates the manner in which land in the National Capital Region shall be used. The planning committee had reportedly raised some points from the NCR Regional Plan. The Authority has already worked out these points and reportedly submitted its reply before the committee.Meanwhile, developers have also heaved a sigh of relief and considered it as a 'welcome decision'. Assocham member and managing director of Orris Infrastructure, Amit Gupta, said, \"The Allahabad high court has maintained its earlier stand which is in the interest of all. It is a balanced decision delivered by the court. It was not just about Noida Extension, but the issue of development of the entire region, including Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway. We hope, keeping the interest of all groups, now NCRPB will also consider the plea and give a go-ahead to the Master Plan.\"This order has raised hope of flat buyers that construction would resume once the NCRPB gives its clearance. \"The order is very much in consistency with the earlier order that was beneficial for all stakeholders - builders, farmers and the flat buyers. This order has paved way for early resolution of the Noida Extension impasse,\" said RK Arora, CMD, Supertech Developers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144274", "title": "Chiefs of corporations, boards removed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh government, on Monday, ordered the removal of all chairpersons of corporations and boards appointed during the Mayawati regime. The decision, Samajwadi Party spokesperson said, was taken to ensure that these bodies could function more efficiently.Among the corporation and board heads that were shown the door on Monday included the chiefs of the Shia and Sunni Waqf boards, UP State Sugar Corporation, Forest Corporation and UP Pradeshik Coperative Federation (PFC). New appointments to the posts are expected soon.Appointment of officials at top corporations and boards are usually political in nature. This is expected to give chief minister Akhilesh Yadav an opportunity to accommodate those persons who could not be included in the current government at other key posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13144438", "title": "Balloon cylinder blast victims demand compensation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Ten years after the tragic incident of a gas cylinder meant to fill balloons burst during Republic Day celebrations in Bhubaneswar in 2002, the earsplitting explosion continues to disturb the victims, who lost their eyesight in the mishap. Nine visually-impaired men knocked on the door of Odisha Human Rights Commission here on Monday, demanding adequate compensation and jobs from the state government. \"The incident shattered our lives. Many of us were forced to discontinue our education due to loss of eyesight,\" said Jagat Panda, a victim. \"The government had assured us of bearing medical expenses. But the government deserted us midway and we were forced to avail of medication outside the state,\" he said.Around 20 people who had gathered on Mahatma Gandhi Marg on the fateful day, bore the brunt of the explosion. The cap of a hydrogen carbide-filled cylinder of a balloon seller had burst, causing the tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13142776", "title": "Semester system: Students of 2008-11 batch cry foul", "text": "KANNUR: Amidst criticism about the faulty implementation of the Choice-based Credit and Semester System (CCSS), many students who came to attend the academic adalats organized at the chamber hall here on Monday by Kannur University said the university should not play with the future of the students.When the system was introduced in Kannur University, it was five-point direct grading.Later it was converted to four-point grading, and the minimum grade required for a pass was brought down from two cumulative-grade-point-average (CGPA) to 1.5.But the first batch did not get that benefit, and it had led to mass failure in the examination.\"When CCSS was introduced for the 2008-11 batch, I had got 1.54 CGPA, but, since two was the minimum grade required to get admission to a PG course, I could not pursue higher studies,\" said Nimisha Vijayan, a former student of the university.She said since the university had changed the minimum CGPA to 1.5, the authorities should issue them a fresh degree certificate.More than 100 students presented their grievances before the syndicate.When CCSS was introduced with two CGPA as the minimum mark required for a pass, it effectively meant that one should get 50% marks for a pass. Now, with 1.5 CGPA, pass percentage has become 40. The 2008-11 batch did not get that benefit, said Shamveel K N, another student of the batch who could not pursue higher studies due to this.Though the demand is justified, the university is hesitant to take a decision in this matter.Authorities are doing this to cover up the mistake of some officials, said a syndicate member.Meanwhile, the SFI has demanded that the syndicate not take a politically-motivated decision in this regard.The KSU and MSF have also demanded that 1.5 CGPA for-a-pass should be made applicable to the 2008-11 batch too.Vice chancellor P K Michael Tharakan, who inaugurated the adalat, said CCSS was an ongoing process and whenever required, the university would bring about changes in the system.The university will hold similar adalats in Kasaragod and Wayanad districts too, on Wednesday and Friday, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142630", "title": "Transport department to file FIR against petitioner", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after petitioner Colonel BB Sharan and his men demolished the dividers at the centre of the Ambedkar Nagar BRT corridor, the transport department has swung into action. Senior transport officials said that the complaint against Sharan had been forwarded to Delhi Police. \"An FIR will be lodged against him for damage to public property. We plan to follow up the case seriously,\" said an official.Sharan and his team had turned up at the spot late on Saturday night. They had an altercation with Delhi Integrated Multi Modal Transit System Ltd (DIMTS) officials present at the site before Sharan unleashed the JCB roller and uprooted the dividers at various points like Sheikh Sarai, Pushp Vihar and Chirag Dilli, said government officials.These kerbstones divided the dedicated bus lane from the rest of the lanes. DIMTS had sent a report on the incident to the transport commissioner on Sunday.\"CRRI had not intimated that the removal of the dividers was necessary. If Sharan felt the need, he should have discussed the matter with CRRI and the transport department. However, taking the law into one's hands and damaging public property is not acceptable. We shall bring up the matter at the next court hearing as well,\" said a senior government official.Sharan had moved a petition on Friday, asking the high court to grant permission to do away with the dividers, which he had claimed could prove to be a safety hazard once the trial run began. The court had said that \"CRRI was at liberty to remove barriers or dividers and do anything in accordance with the law to ensure the purpose of the study is achieved\".Meanwhile, CRRI officials denied any knowledge of Sharan's plan. They say the trial run, being conducted till May 17, has the requisite parameters in place, and no other changes are required.The agency has already made a few changes on the BRT stretch like erecting metal barriers on the bus lane to demarcate traffic, as well as installing road signage and markings for bus queue shelters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143377", "title": "Gujarat governor, Gehlot involved in multi-crore land scam: Somaiya", "text": "JAIPUR: The governor of Gujarat, Dr Kamla Beniwal, as per the records of Kisan Samuhik Krishi Sahakari Samiti Limited (KSKSSL), a cooperative body in Jaipur, is a farm labourer putting in 16 hours of work every day for the past 41,000 days, claimed BJP general secretary Kirit Somaiya on Monday.Somaiya alleged that Kamla, chief minister Ashok Gehlot and cooperatives minister Parsadi Lal Meena and others were involved in a multi-crore land grabbing scam. He claimed that the state government allotted 209 commercial and residential plots to individual members of the samiti in a developed locality in the state capital after the Jaipur Development Authority in 1990s acquired 384 bighas of land for cooperative farming.However, minister Parsadi Lal Meena refuted the charges saying that the land was allotted to the samiti and not individuals. \"The plots have been allotted to the samiti of which Kamla Beniwal is a member. Just because she is a member, one cannot allege that she gained undue advantage. Moreover, the land was allotted during the tenure of the BJP government,'' he said.Congress state president Chandrabhan, meanwhile, rebutted BJP's corruption charges against the Gujarat governor. \"BJP is accusing the governor out of frustration because she has been taking strong and just decisions like the appointment of Lokayukta in Gujarat. Her long public life of honesty and hard work has been an exemple for all,\" Chandrabhan said. \"The kind of agricultural land Somaiya is mentioning is in the possession of many BJP leaders also in Rajasthan. He should tell the people about the land grabbed by BJP's associate organisations in the field of education,\" the PCC chief alleged.Surjaram, one of the members of the samiti, though admitted that the members have initiated the process of transferring the plots in the name of individual members.The senior BJP leader demanded a judicial inquiry into the matter and gave the state government two days for giving an explanation. \"If the state government fails to give an explanation in two days, I will expose the entire scam, making public the 2,000 pages of related documents,'' he said.\"The 20 members of the samiti, including Beniwal, have claimed to be farm labourers working for 16 hours daily for the past 41,000 in an attempt to justify the land allotted to them. Beniwal on January 1, 2012 attended the meeting of the samiti where in the members passed a resolution claiming to be farm labourers. Can the governor of Gujarat explain how she is a farm labourer?'' asked Somaiya, addressing the media at the state BJP headquarters.Sharing details, Somaiya said the samiti was registered in 1953 and that the state government had then allotted 384 bighas of land to the samiti. In 1990s, the JDA acquired entire land from the samiti. \"Beniwal became a member in 1970, though she has claimed to be one since 1953. There are a few who became members in 2008 and some in 2011,'' he said. Somaiya said the members were given plots about a year-and-a-half ago at Govindpura but did not share details on the location of the 384 bighas of land allotted earlier.\"The cooperatives registrar of Jaipur last week passed strong strictures against the society. The registrar in its inquiry concluded that the submission of the samiti of being farm labourers is far from true. He said that the samiti has deliberately and intentionally given false statements,'' he said, adding that the registrar has also taken a serious note of the samiti's calculation of valuation of each plot. \"The land is valued at Rs 800 per sq yard by them against the current reserve price of Rs 23,000 square yard. The plots allotted to them are worth Rs 1000 crore,'' he said.\"The registrar has concluded that the intention of the members is to indulge in activities against the rules and regulations for personal gains that too with political influence,\" Somaiya said. He alleged that the state government transferred the registrar after his report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur/bikaner", "code": "13143526", "title": "108 emergency services hit in 5 districts", "text": "JAIPUR/BIKANER: The 108 ambulances services remained affected in five districts including Bikaner on Monday after employees went on a strike against non-payment of salaries.Medical services were disrupted with the ambulances going off the road. A medical department official in Bikaner however claimed that of the 16 emergency ambulances, seven had to be taken off the road.Other districts hit by the strike were Churu, Sriganganagar, Hanumangarh and Jhunjhunu.108 emergency services employees state union president Virendra Singh Shekhawat said, \"Ambulances in the five districts went off the road. All the employees are demanding salaries which are pending for over 2 months.\"While Monday's strike was restricted to a day, employees threatened to resume the strike in a phased manner if the salaries are not paid. \"If needed, we will turn it into a statewide agitation,\" said Shekhawat.Meanwhile, a memorandum of demands was handed over to the district collector and the chief minister.Various NGOs and social activists, however, criticized the strike as innocent people bore the brunt of it as they were deprived of basic emergency facilities.Deputy CMHO, Bikaner Sagar Mal Sharma said the dispute is essentially between the company operating the services and its employees. \"We are making 80% payment immediately on receipt of bills from the company, and remaining 20% is paid after the completion of audit,\" Sharma said.The health department has made alternative arrangement to facilitate the public. \"Till now, no report of any untoward incident has reached us,\" Sharma said.An official of the Ziqitza Health Corporation Ltd (ZHCL), the 108 ambulance operators, said the company has dispatched full salaries of March on Monday, and the salaries for April will be paid soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13141845", "title": "Anand, Gelfand split point yet again in World Chess Championship", "text": "CHENNAI: World champion Viswanathan Anand revealed his hand in the third game but all that he got was a draw after some excitement. Boris Gelfand of Israel fought gallantly and got a draw in 37 moves at the Tretyakov Gallery in Moscow on Monday to tie the 12-game World Chess Championship series at 1.5-1.5.The fourth game, with Gelfand having white pieces, will be played on Tuesday. Anand had an interesting surprise for Gelfand on move three.He pushed the king-bishop pawn, which must have surprised his opponent, though Gelfand replied quickly and made it look quite normal. It was the Saemisch variation (Neo-Gruenfeld) against the Gruenfeld and Anand obviously wanted to avoid the normal lines.\"Anand may be preparing for the white plans against the Gruenfeld,\" noted GM RB Ramesh. \"As Gelfand has tried the Gruenfeld twice, Anand and his team would be looking at this line closely.\"With his ninth move, Anand opted for a sharp line and it was clear that this game was headed for lively action unlike the first two in the series. The players made the first 14 moves so fast and then Anand deviated from the normal lines again moving his king after he had castled long.He took a lot of time for the next three moves, falling behind on the clock by almost 20 minutes. Another king-move and it was evident that Team Anand had prepared this at home. However, Gelfand quickly pushed his king-pawn indicating he too had seen this at home.Gelfand sacrificed a pawn on move 17 to complicate the game. Anand kept the pawn, though Gelfand had enough compensation for the material. Black's pieces were all active and he could hope to regain the pawn.With 12 minutes left for 11 moves before the first time control, Anand pushed for the promotion of the pawn with the rooks. However, with Gelfand's rooks controlling the second rank and threatening the white king, the passed pawn had no further headway.\"I had to fight for the draw,\" he said at the post-game press conference. Anand suggested a few lines at the meet but it was clear that he did not want to discuss too much probably because the match was not over and the same opening could surface again.Anand-Gelfand (Game 3) Neo-Gruenfeld defence 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 g6 3.f3 d5 4. cxd5 Nxd5 5. e4 Nb6 6. Nc3 Bg7 7. Be3 O-O 8. Qd2 e5 9. h4 c6 10. h4 cxd5 11. exd5 N8d7 12. h5 Nf6 13. hxg6 fxg6 14. 0-0-0 Bd7 15. Kb1 Rc8 16.Ka1 17. Na4 18.Nge2 Qa5 19. Nxe4 Qxd2 20. Nxf6+ Rxf6 21. Rxd2 Rf5 22. Bxg7 Kxg7 23.d6 Rfc5 24.Rd1 a5 25.Rh4 Rc2 26. b3 Nb2 27. Rb1 Nd3 28. Nd4 Rd2 29. Bxd3 Rxd3 30. Re1 Rd2 31. Kb1 Bf5+ 32. Nxf5+ gxf5 33. Re7+ Kg6 34. Rc7 Re8 35. Rh1 Ree2 36. d7 Rb2+ 37. Kc1 Rxa2 0.5-0.5", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143117", "title": "Mango mela ends as sales figure leaves bitter taste", "text": "HYDERABAD: Curtains came down on the Mango Mela at Exhibition Grounds on Monday. Farmers from across the state managed to sell 15 tonnes of the fruit on an average daily as against the expected sale of 40 tonnes during the 32-day mela, the reason for the poor sales being attributed to high cost.Officials from the horticulture department that organized the mela in collaboration with the Exhibition Society said that the production of mangoes in the state had drastically declined by about 30 per cent this year compared to last year. And this short fall led to a 20 per cent rise in the cost of the fruit.Around 15 varieties of mangoes were made available by individual farmers and Mango Growers' Association __benishan, rassal, mallika, kesari, langda and himayat to name a few. The month long affair was divided into three phases keeping in mind the different ripening period of mangoes grown in various parts of the state. Now, the farmers have been given three days time till May 17 to dispose of their leftover stocks.Officials said that the farmers this time had used ethylene, a natural fruit ripening hormone, to ripen the fruit as against the toxic calcium carbide. \"The fruit that is available in the outside markets is being ripened using the banned chemical calcium carbine that can cause cancer ,\" said an official. However, he added that the farmers were happy with the sales.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141761", "title": "World Bank gives evidence of corruption in highway projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: The World Bank's allegations of fraud and corrupt practices in highway projects funded by the multilateral agency could just be the tip of the iceberg. The Bank's report has an annexure of \"collateral\" evidence showing how contractors produced fake invoices and certificates to get advance from National Highways Authority of India (NHAI).The investigation team of World Bank's Institutional Integrity Unit tracked down three companies supplying aggregates (construction material) in Nepal to establish this. \"The bank has provided details of how the aggregate suppliers proved that they had not even supplied 50% of the material claimed by the private contractors. Prima facie, there is enough collateral evidence to suggest that corrupt practices were adopted by the contractors and NHAI officials failed to detect it,\" a government official said.Sources said the Nepalese companies had pointed out how the bills didn't have appropriate company stamps and in some cases these did not have the mandatory serial numbers.The Bank, in its report and annexure, also mentioned that the data and entries downloaded from the contractors' computers showed that cash went to local officials in the district administration and consultants. \"There are names of local officials in the districts, junior level officials and employees of the independent consultants. Payments were made to same people very frequently,\" said an official.The report claimed that PCL, the contractor, and a joint venture of PCL-MVR, which were engaged in four stretches on the Lucknow-Muzaffarpur national highway funded by the Bank, had submitted \"false details\" and \"fake invoices\" showing utilization of funds that they had initially received as advance. These advances were to the tune of Rs 17.5 crore. The Bank has found the money trail, an official said.The contractors allegedly submitted fake documents to get the second installment of advance known as \"second stage mobilization advance\". PCL allegedly diverted a portion of this to real estate projects in India and abroad.\"Since the advance cash was diverted to other projects, the actual road work was hampered. A proper investigation by an independent agency will expose how this may be the practice in several other NH projects built on cash contract,\" a World Bank official in India, who did not wish to be named, named.All efforts to contact PCL proved futile. Responding to a call, the company's front office executive in Hyderabad said, \"The relevant person is not there in the office. We don't have his mobile number.\"Highways minister C P Joshi said, \"We have constituted an investigating team. I have not yet got their report. I can say something only after receiving the report.\" He has already said that the ministry was not against an investigation by the CBI into allegations of fraud by PCL if World Bank established wrongdoing.Highways secretary A K Upadhyaya, who also holds charge of NHAI chairman, said the matter was under examination.However, a team of NHAI engineers who submitted a report on the allegations claimed that due procedures were followed while sanctioning and releasing second stage mobilization amount (5% of the project cost). The utilization of initial advance amount was forwarded by the supervision consultant and the records were certified by the chartered accountants concerned, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141504", "title": "Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital rehabilitates destitutes in its premises", "text": "NAGPUR: An old woman beggar outside a city temple met with an accident that led to amputation of one of her legs. People rushed to help and took her to the hospital where she was treated free of charge. After the treatment, though, doctors attending to her hesitated to leave her to fend for herself. If she went back to her earlier spot, a place with a heavy flow of traffic, there was every chance of her meeting with another accident.In the maternity ward of the same hospital, a woman was left behind by her husband after she gave birth to a girl child. The distraught woman, not even educated enough to know her address, was on her own with the new born. She kept asking the doctors attending her what could she do.These are only two among several unfortunate people forced to stay back in the hospital even after treatment. Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital has now decided to help such people. Thanks to efforts of hospital administrators, the old lady has been sent to a government-run old age home while the younger woman is back with her relatives.Starting in February, authorities have already rehabilitated four destitute people in its premises. \"We tried taking help of social organizations. Most people have been sent to appropriate shelter homes or charitable institutions like the old age home in Untkhana,\" said Dr Mohan Khamgaonkar, hospital superintendent.He said the doctors paid attention to individual needs while rehabilitating them. \"For the new mother, we waived off hospital charges to a large extent and provided her free meals until she was in the hospital. We then contacted people from her village and when she was healthy enough, she was sent to a kin,\" he added.\"It is not only about providing them physical shelter but rehabilitating them socially too. There are several destitutes and beggars brought to the hospital after an injury or sickness. After treatment, we are forced to leave them to look after themselves with several of them having no caretakers,\" said Dr Pravin Jadhav, assistant medical superintendent. \"Several poor patients have no BPL cards and no money to pay for the treatment. We need to help them according to the problem they are facing,\" he added.However, not all patients were receptive to the help offered. An old woman, who was living in the hospital premises for months, was treated for the injuries she had sustained while roughing it out in the open and sent to an old age home. However, she had started believing the hospital to be her home and forced the authorities of the shelter to send her back twice. After much persuasion by doctors, she went back to the home again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142364", "title": "Decomposed body found in Karol Bagh", "text": "NEW DELHI: A highly decomposed body of a man, stuffed in a gunny bag, was recovered from Karol Bagh in central Delhi on Monday evening.\"We received a call around 5.30pm. The body had a jeans, a T-shirt and black socks on it. He could have been murdered a few days ago. It appears that the man was killed elsewhere and the body was dumped here,\" said a senior police officer. The man's identity is yet to be established.The incident came to light after local people complained of stench from an alley on Tank Road. Police reached the spot and found the body that was wrapped in a green plastic bag before being put in the gunny bag and dumped near a drainage pipe in the narrow lane.Sources said the body had multiple head injuries. Cops said they were going to check the missing persons report lodged recently in the district and nearby areas. The cause of the death is not known yet but cops suspect the man could have also been strangled. A murder case has been registered and the body will be preserved for 72 hours for identification before a postmortem is conducted.\"The market remains closed on Monday, so no one was able to spot the man who placed the bag,\" said Arvind Nagar, a local shopkeeper.Sanjeev, a local resident, said, \"We were playing cricket in the nearby street when someone complained of a foul smell coming from the nearby lane. We noticed that the smell was coming from a white gunny bag kept near the drainage pipes and immediately informed police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13142031", "title": "Nashik girl guns for gold, gets it", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik's Shreya Gawande (16), has achieved the rare feat of wresting a gold and a silvser in the German Open International Shooting tournament in Hannover.The achievement is significant according to Shreya as it was achieved in front of a very strong field of Olympic-bound shooters of both, the junior and the senior categories.\"Since it was an open event most of the top guns from China, Korea, Germany and other countries were in the fray.I was under real pressure particularly in the last round where I had to hit three shots right on target,But I removed all negative thoughts and tried to recall all my good past performances as taught by my coach Monali Gorhe and Bhismraj Bam.\" Shreya said, speak-ing telephonically from Mumbai airport. She further added on phone from the Mumbai airport as soon as she arrived on Monday, \" I shut my eyes and concentrated on the job on the hand, that is to hit on the bull's eye. The trick clicked and suddenly I heard a loud cheer and applause.... I realized I did it.\"She won the gold in the 25m sports pistol event with a 568/600 score, and went on If this was not enough and probably liking the feel of the medal-winning show she to claimed another silvermedal, a silver this time, in the air pistol category. The achievement is especially significant because it was a ranking tourney. The points earned will count toward her ranking.\"I will try to take part in as many international events as possible and though it is premature to think about too far ahead, my aim is to qualify for the Olympics of 2016,\" Shreya said.This was the fourth international foray for Sts XII student at Fravashi International school's class XII student. Before this, she was the member of the Indian Junior team at Germany and Kuwait in 2010 and 2011 respectively, where she had performed exceed-ingly well.Her forte is the air pistol. A week before her Germany venture, she had achieved the highest score of her career (384/400) in the 43rd Grand Prix International Shooting Competition in Czecho-slovakia.Shreya's coach Her coach, Monali Gorhe, an NIS trained coach and former national level shooter, was elated beyond words what with Shreya being the first among her wards she has coached being her first ward to get coaching and to win an inter-national medal. Gorhe, an NIS trained coach and former national-level shooter, was reacted thus, \"I am extremely happy about Shreya's fantastic feat. I knew since 2006 when Shreya started coaching under me, came under my wings,that here was a person with exceptional talent. I had little doubt about the fact that she would definitely make headlines sooner rather than later, and she has proved me right, \" an obviosuly proud Gorhe said.Commenting on her future goals, Gorhe said Shreya that her student would have to chart her career very carefully as she was also very good academ-ically too.\"Shreya will have to balance her sports career and her academics . But I am sure she will take the right steps, with the support of her mother who is a and with her chartered accountant herself. It won't be much of a problem,\" Gorhe said.Gawande is a recipient of a sports scholarship from the from the Gagan Narang headed Guns for Glory association headed by Gagan Narang. She was given special coaching from a Russian coach as well. When in the city, Shreya often practices at the X-L Shooting Association's centre where Monali Gorhe and renowned sports psychologist Bhismaraj Bam take care of their wards.In June this year, Shreya will be representing the Indian Junior Shooting contingent in Germany for yet another international event. Nashikites will, of course, hope she hits bull eye. Yet again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13146143", "title": "Jayasurya in Boban Samuvel's next", "text": "Boban Samuvel's next will be worth a watch as Jayasurya is going to play the protagonist in the movie. Although the name of the movie is not yet decided but it's sure to tickle everyone's funny bone as the movie promises lots of humour.Jayasurya made his debut in 2001 in the Malayalam film ' Dosth ' as a junior artist. He was able to make a mark for himself in the industry with his performances in films such as Swapnakkoodu and moved towards more drama centric roles, with movies like Cocktail and Beautiful.Movie is scripted by Krishna Poojappura and Ginip Panackal under the banner of Neha Movies will produce the movie.Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13145813", "title": "Cong truck with jailed MLAs will cost party dear: BJP", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Victory of Pradeep Balmuchu in the biennial Rajya Sabha election with support of jailed independent legislators may prove dear to the Congress in the June 12 Hatia assembly byelection, the BJP said here on Monday.The state unit of the BJP, under attack from a section of the party over humiliating defeat of party nominee S S Ahluwalia in the Rajya Sabha poll, is preparing to salvage some pride by exposing the Congress over the horse trading and covert dealing with the jailed MLAs facing charges of corruption.\"The Congress needs to come clean on the deal they struck with the former ministers currently in jail in corruption charges to ensure the win of party candidate (Balmuchu) in the RS election,\" said BJP state president Dineshanand Goswami here on Monday.Or else, the party will expose the Congress's alleged dishonest deal with the jailed MLAs. The jailed MLAs Harinarayan Rai and Anos Ekka did cast their vote to Balmuchu in the polls for the two RS seats held on May 3. Balmuchu has also expressed his sympathy with the jailed MLAs for prolonged delay in seeking bail.\"Even though the CBI is probing into the wrongdoings of the RS poll including that of 2010 election but we are determined to tell the people how the Congress struck a deal with the jailed MLAs for the sake of seeking their vote,\" Goswami said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13144021", "title": "Jats threaten to block milk, vegetables supply to Delhi in September", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Jat activists have threatened to block the supply of milk and vegetables to Delhi in September 2012, if reservation for government jobs under OBC quota was not extended to the community members by August 31.After a meeting with chairman of Haryana Backward Classes Commission on Monday, national president of Jat Aarkshan Sangarsh Samiti, Col (retd) O P Sandhu said that further delay in giving reservation to Jats is not acceptable. The commission is evaluating the claims of different communities to include or exclude them in the OBC list.Apparently upset over the delay in submitting the report to government, Sandhu said, \"The commission was supposed to submit its report by March 31. But it has not been completed even one-and-a-half months after the deadline.\"\"If we don't get reservation by August 31, then all groups of Jats and khaps would launch a joint agitation. We will also disrupt water and electricity supply to the national capital as Jats of UP and Haryana would participate in the agitation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13143525", "title": "All Guwahati Students' Union surveys essential commodity prices", "text": "GUWAHATI: All Guwahati Students' Union (Agsu) on Monday conducted a market survey at several commercial establishments in the city to check the variation in prices of essential commodities.Prices of essential commodities like rice, lentils, vegetables, cooking oil etc were carried out in city markets including those in Fancy Bazaar, Ganeshguri area, Chandmari, Beltola and other important commercial locations simultaneously. The Agsu survey included comparison of the current prices of these essential commodities with the prices of April 23 and May 7.\"The purpose of the survey was to find the actual causes of the sudden hike in prices of essential commodities. We found that there were some variations in the prices and we have asked concerned retailers to clarify the matter. They said it is due to the rise in freight charges of goods not produced in the state. The rises in prices of diesel and petrol were cited as the main reason for the hike. We are still assessing the reports and we will submit a memorandum to the deputy commissioner soon,\" said Simanta Thakuria of AGSU who spearheaded the survey at Fancy Bazaar.\"The survey was simultaneously carried out across all state units of the students' organization. In Guwahati, it was conducted by members of AGSU. The members were divided into different teams as per the location. We conducted the survey at most wholesale and retail shops, and the main survey was conducted in Fancy Bazaar, the commercial hub of the city,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13143326", "title": "Glitch hits Chhapra engineering college, Katihar polytechnic", "text": "PATNA: The pre-announced start of the first session of the government engineering college at Chhapra and polytechnic based at Katihar from July this year has been hit by unforeseen glitch, as the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has not yet given its approval to the two new institutions.During their recent visit to Delhi early this month, science and technology department director Shribhagwan Singh, accompanied by assistant director Anant Kumar, pleaded with the AICTE for the early grant of its approval so that the first session of the two institutions could be started as per the schedule. However, the AICTE did not make its mind clear.\"Everything is all right -- sab thik thaak hai. We expect the AICTE approval tomorrow, or day after tomorrow, or any day after that. Their attitude is positive,\" said Singh, adding: \"Yet, any delay on the part of the AICTE in granting its letter of approval (LoA) to the two institutions could also jeopardize the start of their first session.\"The department, in the circumstances, would like the AICTE approval to come before the start of the counselling of students for admission in engineering colleges, which, as per the schedule, is to commence from the first week of June. \"If the AICTE LoA comes after counselling, then there will be the real problem for admission of students in the two new institutions. We, at best, are hopeful that AICTE would heed our pleas and take note of our peculiar situation,\" Singh added.The glitch, however, has occurred due to certain clauses of the AICTE norms for the grant of its approval which any new institution has to comply with. On the face of it, as the officials of the department put it, the norms have been so set and designed that they mainly address the cases of engineering colleges, polytechnics and other related institutions opened in the private sector, where admission fees are high.The AICTE norms, by and large, do not address the cases of such institutions opened or started in the public or government sector at low admission fees -- like the admission fee of Rs 10 per month charged on students of engineering colleges in the state, since they have to address problems of students hailing from diverse classes of families.Among the few salient norms include demand for financial statement from the manager of the bank that holds the account of the institution, affidavit on non-judicial stamp paper, certificate issued by architect of the buildings on the campus, details of accounts of the income and expenditure for three years duly audited by chartered accountant, and annual allotment of Rs 4 lakh for subscription of international science journal, among a few others.When asked about the compliance with the AICTE norms, Singh said, \"Yes, we have made our compliance, both orally and through documents. We are waiting for its LoA. The fact is that ours is a government institution. The AICTE team has visited the two institutions and also submitted its report. They are convinced. Yet, our feeling is that there should be separate norms both for private and government institutions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "13143502", "title": "Leisure Valley turns spiritual haven", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: As residents visited Leisure Valley for a stroll on Sunday evening, they got not just physical exercise but some food for their spiritual beings too. A spiritual education organization conducted a small activity in the park to help people understand the cycle of life and the importance of God to human beings.The organization put up posters displaying the circles of life, effect of meditation and about the roles of Bramha, Vishnu and Mahesh in creating, maintaining and destroying the world. The organization used to earlier organize the activity in Rakh Bagh.Manisha Sharma, a homemaker staying in Model Town, appreciated the activity and said though she knew most of the things that the volunteers shared it was a refreshing of memory. ''It was also informative in many ways as they made things very clear. I will encourage my friends also to attend the activity,'' she said.Sarabha Nagar-resident Anuj Gupta, a student, said the display caught his eye. ''Posters regarding the creation the of world and human life circles were interesting. Everybody knows that human body is nothing without soul and when soul leaves one's worldly journey ends yet most of us waste time indulging worldly pleasures. People should revere God no matter which religion they follow,'' he said.-- Isha Sharma", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13143552", "title": "Intrusion on Assam land will not be allowed: DC", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Kamrup (rural) district administration on Sunday thwarted an encroachment bid in the Lampi area bordering Meghalaya in the district on Sunday. The district administration dismantled a house constructed by some Meghalaya villagers and removed a sign board put up by them on Assam land.\"Intrusion on Assam land will not be allowed at any cost. The situation in Lampi is peaceful now and we don't want to see the sensitive area turn violent again. On Sunday, we removed a sign board installed in the house constructed by some Meghalaya villagers inside Assam,\" Kamrup (rural) DC, SK Roy said.He added, \"I have talked to the DC of West Khasi Hills district in Meghalaya to demolish the house where the sign board was illegally installed by some Meghalaya villagers. Such acts can turn the area tense once again.\"The Kamrup (rural) district administration went into take stock of the situation in Lampi after receiving information from their Meghalaya counterpart. Additional security forces have been sent to Lampi area to curb any new encroachment bid in the area. Roy reviewed the situation in Lampi accompanied by Kamrup (rural) SP, Partha Sarathi Mahanta.Four people were killed and 12 others injured when police resorted to firing after ethnic clash erupted in Lampi on May 14, 2010. In March this year, Assam-Meghalaya Border Protection Forum organized a 500-hour road blockade against alleged encroachment by Meghalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144289", "title": "19 students caught using unfair means", "text": "LUCKNOW: As many as 19 students both from undergraduate and post-graduate courses were found using unfair means while taking the examinations on Monday. In Lucknow University where exams for PG students are being held, as many as six students were caught cheating in MSc (Chemistry), four in MA (Hindi) examinations. University proctor Pawan Agarwal said that nine students were caught during the undergraduate examinations from various colleges. In the morning shift, two students were found using UFMs from Shia PG College, three from Lucknow Christian College (LCC), and one from Vidyant Hindu College. In the evening shift, one student was caught from LCC and one from Durga Shiksha Niketan Degree College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142432", "title": "HC hears Lakshman bail plea", "text": "KOLKATA: The hearing on bail petitions filed by CPM's Haldia strongman Lakshman Seth and co-accused Amiyo Sahoo in Calcutta high court remained inconclusive on Monday. The division bench of justices A K Roy and Toufiqueuddin will resume hearing of the case on Tuesday when state public prosecutor Debashis Roy will submit certain documents against Seth's bail plea.The case against Seth and 87 others concerns the six anti-land acquisition protesters who went missing from Nandigram on November 10, 2007, when CPM launched its operation Suryodaya to recapture the area. The CID later mentioned in its chargesheet filed on January 30 this year that all six were killed and their bodies were thrown into the Bay of Bengal to destroy evidence.On Monday, Pradip Ghosh, Bikas Ranjan Bhattacharyya, Uday Sankar Chatterjee, Suman Kumar Chatterjee and Anindya Sundar Das, counsel for Seth and Sahoo, moved the bail petitions. Ghosh argued that the incident took place back in November, 2007, and the names of Seth and Sahoo did not appear in the FIR lodged at that time against 22 people. The counsel submitted that a probe has been concluded and chargesheet was filed against the three-term MLA and two-term MP. Hence, there is no need for him to remain in judicial custody.Strongly opposing Seth and Sahoo's bail, public prosecutor Debashis Roy and Rajdeep Majumdar argued that both accused absconded even after the chargesheet was filed. They ignored summons that was issued against the two on January 31 this year, asking them to appear in the magistrate's court. On February 26, the magistrate issued arrest warrants against both of them.Roy said both left the state and were arrested from Mumbai on March 17 this year. It was also stated that investigation has not yet been concluded against them and the two should not get bail as they were very influential persons who could tamper with evidence.In another case, the bench of justices Roy and Toufiqueuddin reserved order on the anticipatory bail petition filed by Preeti Sureka, a director of Amri Hospitals, who has been absconding since the tragedy killed 92 persons on December 9, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13144534", "title": "Pilots' strike costs veggie exporters Rs 44L a day", "text": "MUMBAI: Small and medium scale vegetable and fruit exporters at the APMC market in Vashi are suffering losses of Rs 44 lakh a day because of the Air India pilots' strike. On Monday afternoon, empty boxes of export-quality vegetables and fruits were piled up as trash at the market, their contents having been released locally at about half their price.\"The boxes were returned from the air cargo terminal in Mumbai. The bookings were on AI flights, which were cancelled. We are selling the stock at a great loss in local markets now. The boxes have become trash,\" said exporter Bhima S Hanje of Deepali Enterprises. He said the APMC market has 25 small and medium scale vegetable and fruit exporters, most of whom are suffering daily losses of Rs 1.5-2 lakh each. Their wares primarily go to Gulf countries like the UAE, Saudi Arabia and Bahrain, and the UK.Each box typically holds 4 kg of vegetables like ladies' fingers, bitter gourd, green chillies and onions, and fruits like mangoes, apples and grapes. Being highly perishable goods, these are being sold locally now. Hanje said an export box of ladies' fingers sells for Rs 350-400 per 4 kg in London, but exporters were being forced to sell them for Rs 170-220 per 4 kg in Mumbai because of the pilots' stir.\"The strike is bleeding us daily. Our customers abroad are frantically calling us to know when the cargo will reach them. We have no answer to that as the strike continues,\" said an exporter.But why cannot the boxes be transported through other airlines? \"With AI, we have a fixed system wherein we can export two tons of goods or a little above this figure. But in other airlines, like Jet Airways, we are only allowed 500 kg per flight, which is not beneficial to us,\" he said.The exporters hope for the civil aviation ministry to step in to end the strike, Hanje said. \"Otherwise our losses will mount.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13142710", "title": "Goa State Pollution Control Board orders closure of Curpem's manganese mine", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) ordered the closure of Polo Dongor manganese ore mines in Curpem village of Sanguem taluka. The mine is operated by Shaikh Abdul Gofur.Sources confirmed that GSPCB chairman Simon de Sa had already signed the closure order against the mine and cancelled the mine's 'consent to operate' with immediate effect.The mine was given environmental clearance by the ministry of environment and forests to extract manganese ore manually. But a recent inspection by board officials found screening plants at the mine without any consent to operate. Other machinery including an excavator and a JCB were also found. Also, dumps of iron ore were found at the mine when it is only allowed to extract manganese ore. \"This is in violation of the board's consent to operate,\" a board official told TOI.The pollution board had earlier issued a show-cause notice to the mine management. But the management replied asking for more time justifying that the owners were out of station. The board has, however, ordered the closure of the mine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13144142", "title": "No legal shield for cops who violated rights: HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Policemen involved in human rights violations by indulging in activities like fake encounters in Punjab during the days of militancy do not deserve protection of law to avoid prosecution, the Punjab and Haryana high court has ruled.It also directed conducting of day-to-day trial of such policemen and filing of a progress report of the trial before the high court every six months.The directions were passed by Justice M S Sullar of the HC while dismissing a bunch of petitions filed by various policemen facing prosecution for their alleged involvement in human rights violations, illegal detention, torture and even unidentified cremations.Most of the policemen were charged by CBI for their role. They had moved the HC alleging that no prosecution sanction was granted against them under any special act, and hence they cannot be prosecuted.Justice Sullar held that as evident from the records, policemen hatched criminal conspiracy, picked up people from their homes and other places, abducted and kidnapped in order to murder, illegally detained, brutally tortured, staged drama of false encounters, murdered them and cremated their bodies as unidentified, without post-mortem examinations, in order to cover-up evidence of offence to screen the offenders.\"Not only that, those persons were brutally killed in the manner depicted hereinbefore, but on the contrary, the police officers have lodged false cases, concocted false version of encounters and prepared the false record in this relevant behalf,\" he observed.\"Commission of such heinous offences, indeed, cannot and would not be termed to have any remote connection with the acts complained of in exercise of special powers conferred by some special statute,\" the court said.The court also held that the tendency and frequency of such police personnel, who have been charged by the CBI for the commission of offences, to delay the disposal of criminal cases, on one pretext or the other, have been increasing day by day.Claim over coverA large number of policemen in Punjab are facing trial for their alleged role in committing atrocities during the days of militancy in the state. However, when the complaints against them were handed over to CBI, they started claiming the protection under various sections of The Punjab Disturbed Areas Act, 1983, which was subsequently amended by the provisions of The Punjab Disturbed Areas (Amendment) Act, 1989. These were enacted to make better provision for suppression of disorder and for the restoration and maintenance of public order in disturbed areas in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13142550", "title": "'Political factionalism poses challenge'", "text": "KOCHI: A major challenge faced by Kerala managers today is political factionalism, said E K Bharat Bhushan, director-general of civil aviation. He was delivering the annual day lecture at the Kerala Management Association (KMA) in Kochi on Monday. \"Kerala is indeed a political hot potato. I was here in Thiruvananthapuram when the town was stinking and the mayor was leading a dharna to the office of the minister. Rather than sitting down and solving the problem everyone was busy settling political scores,\" Bhushan observed.A distaste for work, controversies and sectarianism are the other major challenges leaders in Kerala face, Bhushan said. \"What we need is decisive leadership in Kerala. C Achutha Menon and K Karunakaran had the decision making abilities,\" he said.\"We all talk about the virtues of the Kerala development model. In a state which hardly produces anything, our physical quality of life indicators are comparable to that of Western Europe and the US. But our resource base is fast shrinking and taxation is centred around alcohol consumption. We need to take a fresh look at this and bring in investments. Let us turn our disadvantages into advantages. Kerala has a huge knowledge base and the state's future lies in making advancements in the knowledge industry,\" he said. Bhushan presented the KMA Manager of the Year Award to P T George, head of HR at FCI OEN Connectors Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13143254", "title": "These students let their craft speak through hues of silence", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 'Hues of Silence', the degree show of the first batch of Fine Arts (HI) degree students that passed out of the National Institute of Speech &amp; Hearing (NISH) was inaugurated by filmmaker Adoor Gopalakrishnan here on Monday.Gopalakrishnan said that in the beginning artists will have a tendency to copy others' work or get influenced by others but, a true artist will evolve and come up with original creations. On the quality of the work exhibited by the eighth semester students, he said it was way ahead of what he had witnessed in other such shows.In all, 23 students have exhibited their paintings, applied art and sculptures. \"The BFA students at NISH have a real opportunity to be self-reliant by leading a productive and satisfying life using their skill. The greatest thing that these children have is that they can do what they love doing. I am sure those who visit the show will find it a rewarding experience. Especially, when you consider that these works of art have been created by a group of very special young people,\" said NISH honarary director G Vijaya Raghavan.\"This is a loud announcement to the world that individuals with difficulties can learn and be productive professionals standing shoulder-to-shoulder with others,\" said NISH executive director Samuel N Mathew.Eight of the 23 students have exhibited their paintings, 11 focused on applied art and four chose sculpture as their medium of specialization. The applied art creations are based on themes like old age homes, child labour, Kerala tourism etc, done using Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator and Corel Draw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13143602", "title": "Special buses to Ooty for flower show", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation, Coimbatore division will operate special buses to Ooty for three days from May 18 to clear the extra rush for the flower show.The special buses would be operated from Coimbatore, Mettupalayam, Pollachi, Tirupur and Erode, said a senior transport official. He said 45 special buses would be operated from Coimbatore to Ooty, another 15 buses each from Mettupalayam, Pollachi, Tirupur and Erode.During last year the flower show attracted several people from far off areas and at least 8,000 passengers travelled everyday to Ooty. It is expected that this year more number of people would travel and the arrangements have been done in such a way that the buses can ply with at least 12,000 passengers or more in a day, he said.He said that the corporation expects an increase of revenue collection from Rs 21 lakh last year to Rs 36 lakh during these three days this year.Similarly, for visiting major five areas in Ooty, which includes Children Park, Rose Garden, Boat House, Botanical Garden and Dodabetta Peak, 15 circular buses have been arranged. Adults can travel for the whole day to these places by paying Rs 90 and for children Rs 50.Likewise, another 20 park and ride buses have also been arranged for the tourist to travel within the city for a whole day. Adult can travel in these buses by paying Rs 10 and Rs 5 for children, he said. The frequency has been increased to reduce the waiting period and to control the rush, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13144058", "title": "Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike debt bomb is ticking", "text": "Can the city finance itself ? The answer is no - we are told BBMP is broke. Where does all the money go? On servicing debt. Actually it is not lack of money but poor financial management and unrealistic expectations that have brought BBMP to the brink, say experts.It is no solace that BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda himself openly admitted on December 27, 2011 that the civic body was pushed to the wall. In his own words: \"Because we have failed to repay the loan and interest amount in time, the financial institutions have threatened to declare BBMP as one of the Nonperforming assets.''It was the state government which bailed out the Palike at the last minute.Instead of depending on the state every time it is in a crisis, BBMP should look at its own resources. The slow growth in civic revenues is a cause for concern. Its major source of revenue is property tax collection and advertisement tax and other sources include non-tax revenues like trade licence fee, building violation penalty, rents from buildings and assigned revenues like entertainment tax and profession tax.If you look at advertisement revenues, it is clear that the revenues don't add up, thanks to defaulters. In the action taken report on 2010-11 , BBMP has said that only Rs 17 crore was realised through advertisement tax during 2009-10 . In 2010-11 , the Palike estimated to collect Rs 100 crore, however, ended up netting only Rs 9 crore. The revenue collection was better under the administrator. The year the council was formed, the revenue collection dipped by Rs 8 crore. BBMP is yet to make new policies to enhance its advertisement revenue collection, but went ahead and made an unrealistic estimation yet again. In the budget 2011-12 , BBMP expected Rs 150 crore from auctioning advertisement hoardings.Yet another unrealistic expectation is the revenue from the Akrama-Sakrama scheme which is yet to get the governor's nod. The corporation estimated to collect Rs 750 crore from this scheme which gets revenue by regularizing the properties that have violated BBMP's building norms and land usage.The other revenue source is licence fee. Budget 2011-12 expected Rs 85 crore from issuing fresh trade licences. However, about 3,000 traders in Peenya industrial area are operating without a trade licence. Peenya is one of the major industrial hubs. According to BBMP, trade licence is a must as per the KMC Act. But about 3.5 lakh of traders in Bangalore are operating without trade licence. The right thing for BBMP is to hold a meeting with the traders' associations and organise trade licence registration which can mop up revenue. However, such efforts are yet to be made.Here is another example of Palike's lethargy . According to Yediyur corporator NR Ramesh who gave the council details on feasible revenue collection from star hotels in BBMP area: \"There are 374 star hotels in the IT capital , but BBMP gets tax only from 67. BBMP collects Rs 21.20 crore from the hotels, but there has been revenue leakage of a minimum of Rs 225 crore.''Besides, BBMP has its history of scams. For instance, the work code misappropriation had led to the fake bill scam amounting to Rs 1,539 crore in Rajarajeshwari Nagar, Gandhi Nagar and Malleswaram sub-divisions in January 2012. Preventing scams and thereby revenue loss is a major challenge for the civic body.What BBMP needs to get some financial breathing space is the political will to revamp its functioning and bring about administrative reforms. Palike can take the help of prominent B-schools in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "13145066", "title": "Fire breaks out in Kalka-Barmer express train", "text": "BARNALA: Close on the heels of fire engulfing a coach of a running train at Lehragaga, fire broke out at the running Kalka-Barmer express train at Barnala on the wee hours of Tuesday. The fire broke out at the engine just minutes of it leaving the Barnala railway station at about 2am. The driver somehow got the train to about 3-4 kilometers away Handiaya railway station, where fire was doused. The damaged engine was stopped at Handiaya station and a new engine from Bathinda got the train to its onward journey. A railway official said authorities are probing the reasons of fire in the engine of running train.General railway police(GRP) sub inspector Dayal Singh said \"GRP and railway authorities are investigating the reasons for breaking out of fire\". Fire tender from Barnala was called to control the fire but the driving crew had doused the fire at Handiaya railway station with fire extinguishers. \"Had the fire was not controlled in time, it could have caused a major mishap\", said a passenger Deepak Kumar.The fire in the engine was noticed near SD college crossing and we thought it fit to get the train at next railway station only 3-4 kms away as it was easy to press fire tenders into service easily and it was doused there, said engine crew.Earlier on the wee hours of May 1, fire had broken out in a compartment of Ludhiana-Jakhal passenger train just minutes after it had left the Lehragaga(Sangrur) railway station. The second last coach had to be detached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141791", "title": "Barn owl trapped in manja rescued", "text": "NAGPUR: In a challenging operation, a full-grown barn owl that was entangled in a nylon manja at a height of 55ft on a tree at Seminary Hills was rescued by volunteers on Sunday. The owl was rescued by CAC-All Rounder volunteers Amol Khante, Ajay Gaikwad and Devidas Iwnate using mountaineering equipment and techniques, including pushback technique, to reach the owl.Khante received a call at around 8.30am from bird watcher Swati Sani about an owl trapped in manja at Akashwani Colony, Seminary Hills. \"The bird was stuck at a height of 55 feet and struggling to free itself from the nylon manja. The worst part was that it was being troubled by other birds like shikra, parakeets and babblers,\" Khante said.It was impossible to climb the tall tree, so the volunteers used mountaineering techniques and gear to rescue the bird. Finally, after a two-and-a-half-hour operation the bird was rescued. \"As the bird did not have any wounds or injuries, we released it immediately in the same area,\" Khante said.Nylon manja used to fly kites poses a big threat to birds long after the end of kite-flying season. The thread traps many birds like barn owls, which prey on small vertebrates, particularly rodents.\"We are losing birds due to negligence. We should appeal to the authorities to impose a ban on nylon manja to provide a safe environment for birds,\" Khante said.Two months ago, a black kite was rescued in a similar manner from Mehdibagh Colony on information given by Sahir Ismailli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13144539", "title": "Pipili rape case: State briefs caste panel on action taken", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) sought clarification from the state government on Monday about action on the commission's recommendation to arrest Pipili legislator Pradeep Maharathy and certain police officers and doctors, who had allegedly played foul in the case pertaining to the 'rape' of a dalit girl in Pipili on November 29, 2011.Following a summon from the commission on February 26, chief secretary Bijay Patnaik, DGP Manmohan Praharaj, home secretary U N Behera and other state government representatives appeared before NCSC chairman P L Punia in New Delhi and explained various measures the government has adopted in connection with the Pipili case, official sources said. The state government representatives also briefed Punia about action taken in the incident of upper caste people allegedly setting ablaze houses of dalit families in Lathore village, Balangir, on January 22 and at Kamadhenukhot village, Dhenkanal, on February 12.After a visit to the state in the first week of March, Punia had submitted a report, expressing displeasure over the manner in which doctors and police handled the Pipili case and recommended arrest of the doctors involved, then inspector-in-charge of Pipili police station Amulya Champatiray and Maharathy, who stepped down as agriculture minister on January 19 in the wake of allegations that he harboured the rape accused.Sources said Punia wanted to know why the government was yet to initiate criminal action against the 'errant' doctors and why his recommendations were not yet implemented. He also inquired about measures taken to rehabilitate and provide security to the victim's family.Punia told media persons he also sought information from the government about various cases pertaining to dalits in Odisha.Chief secretary Bijay Patnaik said they handed over status reports on Pipili, Lathore and Kamadhenu incidents to the commission. \"The commission has asked for some more information, which we would give soon,\" he added.The state government team's meeting with Punia came a day after Justice P K Mohanty commission, which is probing the alleged rape, visited the victim's village, Arjungoda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13143590", "title": "Pollard-Rayudu stand took the game away from us: Kohli", "text": "BANGALORE: Royal Challengers Bangalore captain Virat Kohli said that Mumbai players Kieron Pollard and Ambati Rayudu's scintillating 122-run partnership had taken the game out of the hands of his side in their Indian Premier League match on Monday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | In Pics\"One good partnership can change the face of a match and that's what happened today. Credit should go to them for seeing their team go past our target inspite of losing five early wickets,\" Kohli told reporters at post-match press conference.Kohli said Bangalore was a good wicket to bat on and smallness of the ground also helped Mumbai Indians to score quickly.\"Our bowlers too found it hard to grip the ball in the second innings,\" he said.Kohli also tried to put up a brave face, saying that his team was playing good cricket, especially in last few games and hoped to play to their potential in last two must-win matches against Delhi Daredevils and Deccan Chargers.Meanwhile, Pollard said the ploy to see off the dangerous Muttiah Muralitharan in his last two overs paid off well for his side to go for a kill towards the end at the other bowlers.\"Bangalore ground is also small which helped us to get some big overs and the wicket was good to bat on,\" he said.More than getting a couple of fifties in this IPL, Pollard said he cherished the knocks which had helped Mumbai Indians win games.\"Getting a fifty is nothing big. What matters is has my fifty won us the game?\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141496", "title": "Nari residents suffer as Nagpur Municipal Corporation fails to monitor water supply by tankers", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) Water Works Department (WWD) has deployed 44 tankers to supply water to Nari ward, residents of this part of the city are forced to wait for weeks to get water.\"Despite the WWD increasing the number of tankers, residents have to wait for weeks to get water tanker. Irregular drinking water supply is very regular,\" complained former corporator Manoj Sangole.Sangole met WWD executive engineer S Hastak to solve the crisis on Monday. Sangole alleged that despite booking a tanker well in advance, it takes at least a couple of days for many residents to get a tank full of water.Husband of sitting corporator Savita Sangole,Sangole alleged that mismanagement on part of WWD officials in monitoring 44 tankers has resulted into this crisis. Barring a few tankers drivers, many of them collect slips from the Sugat Nagar overhead tank but sell the water in other areas, he charged.Though Hastak maintained that the water supply system was not bad, residents' frequent complaints have exposed the mismanagement on part of WWD.\"Earlier, our area used to receive water supply for an hour in the morning and at low pressure in the evening. But now, we get water supply only for 15 to 20 minutes. Water pressure has reduced further. Sometimes, we get water on alternate days,\" alleged Sanjay Jogdand, an Angulimal Nagar resident.Increased dependency on water tankers has created further problems. \"There are frequent quarrels among people who crowd around tankers to get water,\" corporator Bhavana Lonare pointed out. Water crisis is not only during summer season, but it is a round the year problem in Jaripatka area, the first-time corporator revealed.Though water supply by tankers is free, many drivers allegedly charge money from residents. Many residents, particularly those in Nari ward and adjoining areas, are purchasing water at the rate of Rs 800 per 5,000 litres from private tankers, informed Vasanta Jambule, Nalanda Nagar resident.\"Tarkeshwar Nagar residents, where NMC network of pipelines is already in place, have to book a tanker in advance only to get it after a couple of days,\" said Sangole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13142762", "title": "False case: Councillor to be booked", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have taken steps to frame a case against K Sini, the CPM councillor in the corporation, for filing a false case of harassment against five persons.Police have submitted a final report in the complaint filed by Sini that she was physically harassed by the activists of the Anti-Corruption Committee Campaign Committee on March 29, 2011.The report says that K P Vijayakumar, first accused, was admitted to the Medical College Hospital after he was attacked by the persons belonging to Sini's organization but she filed a false complaint to defend and save her associates.The police also said proceedings will be initiated against Sini under Section 211 of the IPC for preferring a false complaint.Sini, representing the Eranhipalam ward, complained that she was harassed by Vijayakumar, K P Sathyakrishnan, P Lohithakshan, P Rajan and Andodi Anil.Police registered a case under various sections including 354 of the IPC, which was dropped later.On conducting a detailed probe it was found out that the first accused was admitted to the Medical College Hospital and the councillor was not at the location at the time of incident. Meanwhile many have demanded the amyor to expel the councillor .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13142873", "title": "3 arrested for attempt to steal cars", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon police have arrested three members of a vehicle lifters' gang on Monday morning, even as two others, including the gang leader, managed to flee.According to police, on Monday morning around 3am, the police got information that five members of a gang have positioned themselves near the Dagar farmhouse on the Gurgaon-Sohna Road near Alipur village with a plan of stealing vehicles. The accused were in a Bolero SUV.When the accused saw the police, they tried to run away in their car but the police followed them. There was an exchange of fire and the police finally managed to arrest three of the gang members, while the others, including the leader, escaped.A senior police officer said that the three accused have been identified as Nafis, who was driving the jeep, Kadar, and Nafish, all hailing from Mewat district.The gang leader, who managed to escape, has been identified as Hafij and so did his aide, Rafeek.The police have recovered two country-made pistols, cartridges and a Bolero SUV from their possession. An FIR has been lodged against the accused in Bhondsi police station under Sections 307/332/353/186 of the IPC and the Arms Act. Police are interrogating the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13143467", "title": "Track clear for revival of old link", "text": "SILCHAR: Union minister for railways Mukul Roy said revival of the old rail link between Mahisashan station near the India-Bangladesh border in Karimganj district of Assam and Kolkata, via Bangladesh, is under active consideration in both New Delhi and Dhaka.In reply to a letter written by Lok Sabha member (Karimganj) Lalit Mohan Suklabaidya, the railway minister said the issue was discussed at the bipartite meeting between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his Bangladesh counterpart Sheikh Hasina in Dhaka in September last year. Both the countries agreed to reopen the rail route, he said.\"Following this, India's external affairs ministry sought a project report from the concerned ministry in Bangladesh. The report is awaited,\" said Roy in his letter to the Karimganj MP.The MP, who belongs to Congress, in his letter to the railway minister had said that a rail link from Mahisashan station to Kolkata through Bangladesh was necessary for the sake of easy connectivity of south Assam, Manipur, Tripura and Mizoram with the rest of the country.The current rail link in the area through Guwahati and North Bengal is not only time-consuming and costly, but also hazardous. The region's railway connectivity with Kolkata through Bangladesh, which existed before Partition, will prove much easier and economical, and will also improve the development prospects of this part of northeast, he added. Moreover, if this route is reopened, it will take only eight to 10 hours to reach Kolkata from Assam's Karimganj.Sources said the rail route was open for traffic till the 70s. Mahisashan station under Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) is the Indian railhead near Bangladesh border. The railway track reaches up to Sahbazpur station in Sylhet division on the other side of the international border. The track is barred simply with an iron bar. If the two sides agree, simply removal of the bar will help resumption of movement of trains between Karimganj and Kolkata through Dhaka, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142381", "title": "Presi appoints 16 top-notch professors", "text": "KOLKATA: Presidency University on Monday took a giant step with its council, headed by governor M K Narayanan, ratifying appointment of 16 professors, some of whom will migrate from the best foreign varsities to join the prestigious institution.In keeping up to the promise of recruiting the best brains, Presidency University has chosen Somak Roychaudhuri, reader of astrophysics and space research at the School of Physics and Astronomy of Birmingham, as one of the professors of physics. Sheffield University's Benjamin Zachariah is also set to join his alma mater as a teacher. \"Apart from being a historian, he is also into Jazz music. It is a rare combination,\" said Sugato Bose, chairman of the Presidency University mentor group.Adhar C Manna from University of South Dakota will join the physiology department. \"These people are authorities in their own subjects and are globally known. We expect a huge number of students will be eager to get admissions just to learn from them,\" said Bose. Santa Dutta, head of the department of English in Jadavpur University, will also join Presidency University.\"Among the 41 advertised posts, we could make appointments to 16 posts of professors. We could recruit teachers for 10 departments - English, history, Hindi, political science, chemistry, physics, geology, botany, physiology and zoology. In geology, physiology and zoology, more than one appointment has been made,\" said vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar. \"The council will again meet in July to make appointments to the posts of assistant and associate professors. We shall advertise for those posts in some time and selections will be completed before July,\" she added.Some of the appointments could not be made due to unfinished paper works. There were no selected names in the reserved category. \"We expect that we will be able to recruit professors in the reserved category by reaching out to more people,\" Bose said.The council also ratified appointments to the post of registrar, controller of examinations and dean of students. \"Prabir Dasgupta of geology department in Presidency University has been selected as the registrar while Debasruti Roychaudhuri will been appointed as the dean of students. Debajyoti Konar from West Bengal University of Technology will be appointed as the controller of exams. These appointments will expedite paper work and in the next council meeting, more recruitment can be done,\" Sarkar said.For teachers of Presidency who opted to stay, the council appointed them to the posts of professors. They went through the same rigorous recruitment process and were selected by the high-power selection committee, which included names of several eminent educationists\"The journey has just begun. First set of appointments have been made. We are also trying to speed up the process of appointments to the five distinguished chairs which have been announced by chief minister Mamata Banerjee ,\" said Bose.Malabika Sarkar said, \"At the moment, existing teachers of Presidency College will continue to teach in the new session when students join after admissions. It will take some time for them to transfer duties to the new people who join. Moreover, the government has not yet transferred these teachers who have opted out to other government colleges. Hence, they will continue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13142914", "title": "\u2018Most innovative\u2019 award for Haryana", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana has bagged the award of the most innovation-driven economy in the country by an international think-tank which is affiliated to the Harvard Business School . In India's Most Competitive States Awards 2012, organized by the Institute for Competitiveness (IFC), Haryana has topped in one out of the six categories.\"Haryana has the most well defined factor conditions, which includes administrative environment, human resource capacity, and scope of innovation,\" said a representative of the IFC, whose offices are based in DLF Phase 3, Gurgaon.The awards were based on a detailed study of growth patterns and projections recorded in the state, as well as certain microeconomic parameters. \"The methodology used in the study draws from what is commonly known as the 'microeconomic diamond model.' It is widely accepted around the world and assesses the competitiveness of a region based on specific benchmark,\" the representative added.Delhi trumped in the top 'City State' award, while Punjab, Andhra Pradesh, Bihar and Rajasthan were awarded under transition, investment driven, emerging, and changeover economy categories respectively.\"This study is a first-of-its-kind in the country, and is a complete guide to know more about Indian states from the point of view of competitiveness,\" said the representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13142047", "title": "CM cancels meet with trade bodies", "text": "NASHIK: The meeting of a delegation of all industrial and trade associations across Nashik with CM Prithviraj Chavan, scheduled on Monday in Mumbai on the issue of replacing octroi with local body tax (LBT), was cancelled due to a sudden change in the CM's programme. \"Our meet with the Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan, which was scheduled for Monday, has been cancelled by the CM due to some sudden change in his itinerary,\" Dhananjay Bele, President, Nashik Industries &amp; Manufactures' Association (NIMA).Gorakh Chaudhari, President for the Nashik District Chemist &amp; Druggist Association (NDCDA), said, \"The CM wants to hold discussions with the office-bearers of local trade and industry associations on how much tax will be collected from Nashik if LBT came into effect here. We have already informed the administration of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) that the target of Rs 600 crore will be achieved through LBT.\"Industrial associations in the city, had unanimously passed a resolution for cancellation of octroi and implementation of the LBT in lieu of octroi. After continuous effort madeby the traders and industrialists for the last two years,A decision was made at the NMC's general body meet over the cancel-lation of privateof octroi recovery. Now, industrialists have been demanding the cancellation of octroi altogether and its replacement with LBT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "tezpur", "code": "13143470", "title": "Army not sure about Maoist presence in Assam", "text": "TEZPUR: The Indian Army is not yet confirmed about the existence of Maoists in Assam. While both Delhi and Dispur are chalking out strategies to combat the Red rebels, the GOC of the Gajraj Corps, Lt General Shakti Gurung, said that the army does not yet have any concrete evidence about Maoists' activities in Assam.Though the state police claimed to have shot down four top rebels, including a local commander, in an encounter at Sadiya in Tinsukia district last week, the GOC said that the army is still verifying the fact.\"We are yet to get any concrete evidence about Maoist presence in the state. Until we get enough evidence, we can't say anything about their existence in the state. Though police have four Maoist leaders have been killed, we need to verify this from our side too,\" Gurung told mediapersons on the sidelines of a felicitation program here.The GOC suspects that Maoists might have come here to explore the arms sourcing route or to asses a support base. \"They might have come to check out the arms route in the state. But in the absence of evidence, we can't say anything,\" he added.Sources in army intelligence further said that Maoists rebels in Assam are now only trying to create a support base and their activities here are at a very initial stage. \"Though have talked about ideologies, a day's insurgency is not about ideology but rather about criminology. The insurgents are only gun-running right now,\" said the source.Earlier, the state home department said that the dead ultras in Sadiya include top Maoist leader Siddhartha Borgohain. The other three killed cadres have been identified as Rajib Gogoi, Arup Chetia and Kamala Burhagohain. Three AK 47s, two grenades and a huge cache of ammunition have been recovered from their possession.In February, the ministry of home affairs confirmed Maoists' entry in the northeast and their association with several militant outfits of the region, mainly the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of Manipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13144019", "title": "Young aren't really strong-hearted", "text": "BANGALORE: Nageshappa (name changed ), an 18-year-old BBMP pourakarmika , showed no obvious symptoms of cardio-vascular disease. He was a chain smoker who puffed away 12-15 beedis a day.In August last year, Nageshappa complained of acute chest pain and was rushed to Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences and Institute (SJICR). Doctors said he suffered a severe heart attack and performed an angioplasty on him.Catching 'em youngNageshappa is one of those below 40 years and diagnosed with cardiovascular disease. The Sri Jayadeva Heart Watch (SJHW), a year-long study conducted by SJICR from September 2010 on 1,042 heart patients, states that 25% of patients is below 40, and about 10% is women.Dr CN Manjunath, senior cardiologist and director, SJICR , said: \"Incidence of cardiovascular diseases is on the rise, but what's worrying is that more and more youngsters are getting it. About 40 years ago, there were more deaths due to communicable diseases like malaria or tuberculosis. Today , they are due to diabetes, hypertension and obesity which can provoke heart and kidney failures.\"Stress affects healthManjunath said the main reason behind heart ailments is the rise in stress levels in both urban and rural population. \"The cause for contracting stress might be different but both are equally prone to it. High ambition, nuclear family system and work culture are pushing up stress levels among urbanites, whereas property disputes and lack of labour are the causative factors in rural India,\" he explained.The study found that 30% of patients is suffering from diabetes and hypertension; 20% does not have symptoms of heart ailments but has a family history of the disease.Dr Rajpalsingh, senior cardiologist , Fortis Hospitals, said: \"Smoking is a major risk factor behind increasing heart ailment cases. More and more youngsters are taking to smoking. They think if they maintain their physique they will never get a heart attack . But family history plays a major role. If one of the parents has suffered from heart disease or attack, their child is likely to contract the ailment at a younger age.\"The rate of prevalence of heart ailments is alarming in women below the age of 40 which is mainly due to increasing stress levels, obesity and diabetes. Dr Sanjay Mahrotra, senior consultant cardiologist, Narayana Hrudayalaya , said: \"Women struggle hard to maintain a balance between work and family . More stress raised blood sugar levels and hypertension , leading to heart ailments . Obesity among women is also a major risk factor . Today, many children are obese, which means in the next three decades the scenario will be worse.\"Narcotics A Big ThreatSmoking, especially intake of narcotics, has increased among youngsters. Students living away from families indulge in such activities. Consumption of cocaine and marijuana is very dangerous for the heart. Smoking of cigarettes and beedis oxidizes cholesterol and inflames arteries, causing heart attacks.Dr CN Manjunath | Senior Cardiologist And Director, SJICRWhat To DoDiabetes, hypertension, stress, smoking and alcohol are risk factors that cause heart ailments. One must identify these and take steps to prevent them. If you have a family history of heart ailments, then go for regular checkups . Keep your sugar and cholesterol levels in control. Also, avoid eating junk food and walk for at least 15 to 20 minutes dailyDr Prabhakar Shetty | Consultant Cardiologist, Columbia Asia Hospital", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13143072", "title": "Joint ownership of plots is not acceptable to farmers", "text": "INDORE: The dispute over allotment of plots to the farmers in lieu of land acquired for IT giants-Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and Infosys Limited at Super Corridor remain unresolved as the meeting of farmers with officials did not come to a conclusion on Monday.The next meeting of Indore development authority (IDA) will be convened on May 24 to solve the issue.\"Farmers are not agreeing to the offer of jointly holding the plot and they were insisting on discussing the matter with the CEO, so the meeting has been scheduled for next week,\" said R S Sharma of IDA adding that not a single farmer submitted the proposal for joint holding of land on Monday.According to the rule IDA offered 50% of the saleable land to farmers either at the spot or in any other scheme of authority. At the Super Corridor, hundreds of farmers gave their land for TCS, Infosys and other development projects, out of which around 70 farmers who gave their land are not eligible to get allotment of land at Super Corridor.Officials said that according to the master plan any plot on Super Corridor cannot be less than 2,000 square meter but the share of 70 farmers are less than the prescribed size, thus they are not eligible to get allotment. He further said during the last board meeting, the IDA had offered a joint holding of land to group of farmers or else the farmers can get the money for land as per government rates. However, farmers refused to accept the offer of IDA and insisted on giving them individual allotment of plot.A group of farmers who protested the move said that why should they accept joint ownership of the land when they parted with their land individually. They further said that joint holding of land create problem for them as it will be difficult for sale or transfer in future or even for any sort of construction as it will require consent of every partner involved.The farmers have threatened to cancel their contract with the IDA if it fails to agree to their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13142924", "title": "Society debates impact of raising age of consent for sex", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as the country debates raising the age of consent for sex from 16 to 18 years, different sections of civil society are debating what the consequences of this would be. While the youth are skeptical about the negative repercussions others look at the silver lining.Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Bill that has been tabled in Rajya Sabha recently has the entire nation rattled as besides introducing the laws for child abuse for the first time, it also talks about raising the age of consent for sex from 16 to 18 years.Nikita Anand, a law student of NLIU, fourth year said, \"It is common for teenagers to experiment before becoming adults. If the age of consent is raised then even if there is mutual consent, it would still amount to statutory rape.\"\"We're at a stage in our society when we are increasingly becoming more and more open about sex and related issues. Also the amount of exposure adolescents have through various media, it is bound to make them naturally curious. It would amount to taking the society 10 years back.\" Ashwini Rai, project director MP State Aids Control Society (MPSACS) said, \"There's always been a grey area with regard to all the government schemes. Only those above the age of 18 would be benefitted from all the schemes which were not healthy. Those should be rectified now.\"He said that all the schemes like outreach activities, distribution of condoms and testing for positivity ( HIV) was meant only for adults. \"Previously, minors could only be tested only with the consent of their parents. So either lower the age in all the government schemes or raise the age of sexual consent to 18.\"Founder of NGO Aarambh said, \"Rather than the age of consent, we should talk and educate children about safe sex.\"\"As for the act, currently minor boys suffer when girls buckle under family pressure or otherwise and are accused of rape even though the girl may have shown mutual consent in the first place. The minor boy is then charged under relevant sections of rape.\"\"On the other hand, currently the minors are charged under Juvenile Justice Act. Once the age of consent is raised, the minor would be charged under section 376 (rape) of the IPC.\"Usha Chaturvedi, chairperson state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR) raised a pertinent question about child marriage victims. \"What about those women who were married off as children. The new act would also criminalise them.\" Recently the case of Ratnarshi Pandey, a woman forced in to child marriage at the age of 14, challenged the law that debars people who marry as minors from getting into MP civil services, in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13146507", "title": "I am not in a hurry: Parvathy Omanakuttan", "text": "Though Parvathy Omanakuttan, the beauty queen-turned-actor, made her Bollywood debut in United Six by Vishal Aryan Singh, the movie bombed at the box office.Now she is keeping her fingers crossed for the release of her Kollywood movie Billa 2. \"My character is a mix of both modern and traditional. We really worked hard for the movie, which was a great experience,\" says Parvathy, who is yet to sign any other movie. \"My aim is not to do five or six movies back-to-back. I will take up a project only if it really excites me. I am listening to a few scripts but have not signed any new project,\" she says. Let us wait and watch how her character in Billa 2 is received by the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143759", "title": "Drunk biker booked for homicide", "text": "CHENNAI: The traffic police have booked the man who banged his bike against another, killing 12-year-old H Shailaja on Sunday, on charges of culpable homicide not amounting to murder.The 21-year-old accused, V Suresh, was drunk at the time of the incident and has been booked under section 304 (II) of the Indian Penal Code, police said. \"This is a nonbailable case and he will have to spend time in jail,\" said a police officer from the Guindy traffic investigation wing.Police admitted that it was rare for rich people to go to jail. \"Suresh's father, Velusamy, is a civil contractor and has influence. Since morning there has been a lot of pressure. Some seven- eight lawyers visited the station on Monday,\" said the police officer. However, police say they have strong scientific and circumstantial evidence to nail the accused. After the accident, several people beat up Suresh. \"Suresh's face is swollen,\" said the officer. One person came forward and volunteered to be a witness, he said.Police say they were acting on a recent Supreme Court ruling that a stricter section of the Indian Penal Code must be invoked to punish drunk drivers causing fatal accidents. In 2006, Alistar Periera driving a BMW in Mumbai while drunk mowed down 15 people, mostly migrants, killing seven. The accused paid Rs 8.5 lakh as compensation, but the apex court said justice was not done. \"As a matter of fact, the high court had been quite considerate and lenient in awarding to the appellant sentence of three years for an offence under Section 304-II where seven peoplewere killed,\" the court had said. The bench, in its 69-page judgment, said, \"Our country has the dubious distinction of registering the maximum number of deaths in road accidents. It is high time that lawmakers revisit the sentencing policy reflected in Section 304A IPC.\"Shailaja's dad was too shattered to talk to anyone after the untimely death of his daughter, sources said. Shailaja was eating ice cream and was sitting behind on the scooter with her father on Sardar Patel Road near Servant Gate of Raj Bhavan, as they were returning after a reception. Suresh tried to overtake them through a small gap between the scooter and the platform. Losing control of the vehicle, he hit the rear end of the scooter, throwing Shailaja on to the road. She was run over by a rear wheel of a MTC bus coming from behind.Police say such rash riding is a regular affair on the stretch. \"It is a broad road and there are speed-breakers between Anna University and Servant Gate of Raj Bhavan,\" said a police officer. \"There is one signal but it doesn't always work,\" he added.Four heldFour youths involved in bike racing on Kamarajar Salai from Light House to Labour statue were arrested on Monday. The arrested were identified as Gunasekaran (21), Mohanraj (24), Azaruddin (24) and Prashanth (21). The Anna Square traffic investigation police chased and caught the youths. They registered cases under IPC section 279, 189 and 199 of Motor Vehicle Act,WHAT THE SUPREME COURT SAIDFollowing the accident in which a drunk BMW driver, Alistair Periera, ran over and killed seven people sleeping on a platform in Mumbai in 2006, the Supreme Court set the trend for stringent punishment to those causing road deaths due to drunk driving. For long, the accused were booked under Section 304-A of the Indian Penal Code and not under Section 304 (II). A crime under Section 304 A carries a maximum prison term of two years and is bailable, whereas the latter section is non-bailable with a maximum term of ten years. The court observed that the victim is in knowledge that if he drove under the influence of alcohol, he could cause injury or death. Therefore it can be classified as 'culpable homicide not leading to murder'. The SC said Periera may have paid Rs 8.5 lakh compensation but felt that no amount of compensation could relieve the families of the victims from constant agony. \"Our country has the dubious distinction of registering maximum number of deaths in road accidents. It is high time that lawmakers revisit the sentencing policy reflected in Section 304A IPC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "13142343", "title": "Teacher killed, 7 injured in excursion tragedy", "text": "Midnapore: A college excursion turned to tragedy on Sunday evening when a jeep collided with a truck, killing a professor and injuring another teacher and six students. The group was returning from Balasore when the accident happened on NH60 near the Bengal-Odisha border.Zoology professor Satya Sundar Burman, 56, took the full impact of the crash and died almost instantly. He taught zoology at Chandannagore Government College in Hooghly. All the other victims - including Prof Prabal De - are from Bidhannagar Government College.The trail of tragedy didn't end there. A police ambulance that carried Burman's body to his home in Bally, met with an accident on the way back on Monday afternoon, seriously injuring the driver and two police officers. The ambulance skidded and hit a tree on NH7 at West Midnapore's Belda.ASI Manisankar Mahanta, posted with Dantan police station, Orissa police SI Baidyanath Marandi and driver Badal Mandal were injured. Mahanta was shifted to NRS hospital in Kolkata when his condition turned critical.The 26 students and three professors had left Kolkata on May 10. On the return trip, Burman and De were in a jeep with five girls - Sayani Sadhu Khan, Monideepa Nandi, Sananda Chatterjee, Payel Sarkar, Bidisha Sarkar - and another student Gautam Patra.\"It was very dark.I had nearly dozed off when there was a huge crash and I felt a violent impact. I saw that we had collided with a truck. All of us were injured but Prof Burman seemed to be hurt the worst. He was not moving,\" said Gautam. Sayani, who was in the middle-seat, said: \"Our driver was caught completely unawares when the truck ahead of us suddenly stopped. He tried to swerve but couldn't avoid a collision. Prof Burman and the driver took the brunt of the impact.\"Assistant professor Anup Dutta Gupta realized at the border toll-plaza that the fourth vehicle was missing. \"When we heard what happened, we turned back after informing the college tour coordinator in Kolkata,\" he said. It is learnt that calls were also made to the chief ministers' office. At the intervention of the CMO, Burman's body was brought to Bally overnight and all the injured were taken to Kharagpur hospital. The other team members, still in shock, were put up by Kharagpur police in a local hotel. They were brought to Kolkata on Monday morning.At a condolence meeting at Chandanagore Government College, principal Manas Ranjan Majumdar said: \"Prof Burman wasn't only a senior colleague, but a friend as well. I am yet to meet a person so affable and cheerful who was always regarded as a friend by students. I am shocked and have no words to console his wife and children.\" Bidhanagar Government College principal Prabir Das attended the cremation. Burman is survived by wife Aparna, son Amitjyoti and schoolgoing daughter Jyotirmoyee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13141983", "title": "From Proscenium to Pol", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With commendable performances of the actors and an engaging response from the audience, Black Comedy Theatre Festival hosted by Budhan Theatre Society ended on Sunday at the Gujarat Sahitya Parishad.During the two-day festival that started on Saturday, four plays were performed. \"Experimental theatre is the need of the hour. Black comedy or dark humor is a satire on society. Apart from humor, all plays deliver a social message,\" explains Dakxin Bajrange, the creative head of Budhan Theatre.The first day of the festival commenced with Italian Nobel Laureate Dario Fo's play -'Accidental death of an anarchist'. Adapted in Gujarati by Amitab Shrivastava, the play emanates atrocities carried out by police resulting in innocent people getting tagged as terrorists. \"There is a horrible political silence around us. And we are trying to break that silence through theatre,\" said Dakxin. Bakri, the second satire, written by Sarveshwar Dayal Saxena, touched on religious skepticism.Showcasing humour and helplessness, on the second day, Dayashankar ki Diary was a mono-act about an actor who is unable to fulfill his dreams of becoming a Bollywood star, but ends up being a meagerly paid clerk in Mumbai. \"Not able to differentiate between dreams and reality, dreams dominate the protagonist's everyday life. And in the end he succumbs to reality,\" said Alok, the actor-director. The closing play Bade Bhaisaabby Munshi Premchand critically looked at our Indian education system. Though the play ends abruptly, it delivers an important message of our education system being only one way dialogue and never a two way discussion.Budhan now wants to experiment with the space of performance. \"Initially, we started with street plays, moved to semi-proscenium and then auditoriums. But now, we want to do theatre in intimate spaces like someone's residence and invite people to watch it,\" said Dakxin elaborating on the future plans of the society. \"In this experiment , we will also extend our outreach to communities who do not visit auditoriums Budhan Theatre Society is the bridge connecting us with the society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13146008", "title": "Kebab and Beer festival at Khanasutra", "text": "An array of delectable kebabs and varieties of chilled beer. On a scorching summer day, what more can you ask for? Khanasutra, the nouvelle cuisine North Indian restaurant at The Chrome Hotel has whipped up a scrumptious platter with a unique Kebab and Beer Festival, starting from May 16 through May 31, with special kebabs for lunch and dinner to tantalize your taste buds like never before .The mouth-watering delicacies include vegetable kebabs like Paneer Tikka Kesari, Subz Seekh Badami and Bharwan Mirch Aur Tomato and non-vegetarian platters like Ajwaini Jhinga, Mutton Seekh Kebab and Chilli Milli Kebabs at special prices. For instance, the vegetarian kebabs are priced between 350 and 850 and the non-vegetarian kebabs are priced between 450 and 1,050. These will be served at lunch from noon till 3 pm and at dinner from 7-11 pm.An initiative by The Chrome Hotel, this unique food festival, promises to be a one-of-akind treat for food lovers in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13145555", "title": "Know your property tax dues via short message service", "text": "PUNE: People who have not received their property tax bills need not worry. The property tax department has started a short message service (SMS) that will inform citizens about their tax dues on their cellphones.\"Those who wish to get details of their dues by text messages should type NI, followed by their property number, and send it to 9225592255. They will receive an SMS giving them details of their property tax dues,\" deputy commissioner Vilas Kanade said in a statement issued on Monday.The statement added, \"The printing of property tax bills has been completed. The process of distributing them is on. Nearly 75% of the bills have been distributed.\"Kanade said that property owners who pay the tax before May 31 will get a discount on the amount due. People who have not received the physical copy of the bills can also avail of the discount, as details of the bill will be available to them via text message.If the bill amount is Rs 25,000 or less, owners will get a discount of 10% of the amount. For a bill of more than Rs 25,001, the discount is 5% of the amount.The statement also said that other options were also available for those who had not received the physical copy of their bills. Those who have paid the bill last year can take the receipt to their ward office and find out the amount due for this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13142595", "title": "Commuters face tough time as signals go on blink", "text": "BHOPAL: There was a major traffic jam at Pragati petrol pump, board office and Jyoti talkies squares as the traffic signals stopped functioning suddenly on Monday afternoon.Commuters were stuck up in traffic jam for at least an hour at Pragati petrol pump in the scorching heat of due to the snag. Similar was the scene at the Board Office and Jyoti Talkies square as well.Absence of traffic police worsened the situation.\"If the authorities cannot maintain signals, why do they install them,\" Rakesh Sharma, a student, said. \"I am half an hour late for my coaching, due to this jam,\" he added.Interestingly, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation was unaware of problem. \"This was not brought to our notice,\" said traffic signal in-charge BMC, Subodh Jain. \"There might be some minor problem, which would be solved by Tuesday morning,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13144521", "title": "MKCG Medical College nurses go on mass leave, seek parmanent jobs &amp; pay hike", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Medical services in MKCG Medical College and Hospital here were hit on Monday with around 300 casual nurses going on mass leave.Authorities of the medical college, the only referral hospital in southern Odisha, however, said there was no effect on services as they have engaged nurses from outdoor departments and other regular staff.\"There is no effect on the medical services in the college due to their absence,\" said a senior doctor of the hospital.Around 300 casual nurses went on mass leave to participate in a rally organized by All Odisha Contractual Nurses Association in Bhubaneswar in support of their demand of regularization of jobs and increase in monthly salary from Rs 5,200 to Rs 9,300 per month.Nurses of all three medical colleges in the state have been wearing black badges since the last two days in protest against government apathy towards their demands.\"We will observe the International Nurses' Day on Friday as a black day,\" said working vice-president of nurses association Sibani Das.Advocating scrapping of contractual appointment system in nursing services, Das said, \"Like the police, the nursing is also an essential service. When the government does not appoint contractual police, why should it do so for nurses.\"On March 27, casual nurses in the state, including those of all three medical colleges in Cuttack, Berhampur and Burla, had also gone on mass leave for a day to press for their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jesus centre, goa, will conduct a one-day english youth retreat on may 20. the retreat, to be held at the jesus centre hall at alfran plaza, panaji , is centered around the theme 'be rooted in jesus and bear fruit.' it will begin at 10am with 'praise and worship' and conclude at 4.30pm with the celebration of the holy mass. the retreat will also consist of 'adoration' and testimonies, apart from the word of god. the centre is inviting youth from all sections of the society to participate and experience new life with jesus, a life full of joy, peace and happiness. for more details, contact jesus centre, goa, near don bosco hs, second floor, alfran plaza, m g road, panaji, or call on ph", "code": "13142799", "title": "Youth Retreat at Jesus Centre", "text": "Jesus Centre, Goa, will conduct a one-day English youth retreat on May 20. The retreat, to be held at the Jesus Centre hall at Alfran Plaza, Panaji , is centered around the theme 'Be rooted in Jesus and bear fruit.' It will begin at 10am with 'Praise and Worship' and conclude at 4.30pm with the celebration of the Holy Mass. The retreat will also consist of 'Adoration' and testimonies, apart from the Word of God. The Centre is inviting youth from all sections of the society to participate and experience new life with Jesus, a life full of joy, peace and happiness. For more details, contact Jesus Centre, Goa, Near Don Bosco HS, second floor, Alfran Plaza, M G road, Panaji, or call on Ph: 2420761.'Discover Margao Hunt'Goan Shutterbugs in association BPS Sports Club will organize 'Riot Discover Margao Amazing Hunt' on May 20 at 3pm from BPS Club, Margao. Each participating team will be given clues for 12 different locations within the municipal limits of Margao to be discovered within two hours. Fabulous prizes worth Rs 50,000 will be on offer. Entry forms are available at Riot Store, Opp Big G/Nike, Margao. For more information, visit www.goanshutterbugs.com or call ph: 9822151419.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13144853", "title": "Curtains on project expo", "text": "MANGALORE: The project titled 'design and fabrication of compact organic manure' of students of KVG College of Engineering, Sullia bagged the first prize in the mechanical engineering category at Srishti 2012, 10th edition of the state-level project exhibition and competition organized by Akhila Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad at Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management here on Monday.In the electrical and electronics engineering category, the project titled 'automatic flood monitoring and protection of dam' by Basaveshwara Engineering College, Bagalkot bagged the first prize. Students of Siddaganga Institute of Technology, Tumkur bagged the first prize for their project 'smart farmer assistant' in the electronics and communication category.The project titled 'water supply management system using wireless network' developed by students of Proudhadevaraya Institute of Technology, Hospete bagged the first prize in the information technology category.In the civil engineering category, the project of Gogte Institute of Technology, Belgaum's titled 'strength performance studies on ambient cured geopolymer concrete - a new generation eco-efficient construction material' won the first place. The host college Sahyadri Institute of Engineering and Management bagged the first place in computer engineering category.Principal secretary to higher education department Siddaiah and Globals Inc CEO and president Suhas Gopinath distributed prizes to the winners at the valedictory function. Siddaiah said that engineering students need to innovate and develop alternative energy resources that can generate power at a lower cost. \"Innovations in the campus should not be limited to exhibitions. It should help the community,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13145761", "title": "Ambati Rayudu, Harshal Patel fined for ugly spat", "text": "BANGALORE: Mumbai Indians' Ambati Rayudu and Royal Challengers Bangalore's Harshal Patel have been fined for breaching the Code of Conduct after an ugly spat occurred between the two just after an Indian Premier League match.While Rayudu was fined 100 per cent of his match fee, Patel has been reprimanded and fined 25 per cent of his earning for their showdown after the end of the game at the M Chinnaswamy stadium on Monday.Rayudu has been fined for using obscene and abusive language towards Patel - a Level 2 offence under Article 2.2.8 of IPL Code of Conduct.Patel, meanwhile, has been reprimanded and fined for bringing the game into disrepute by his aggressive reaction to Rayudu's words - Level 1 offence under Article 2.1.8.The incident took place when Rayudu, while celebrating MI's five-wicket win over RCB, allegedly passed some comments on Patel that enraged the tall medium pacer who tried to charge menacingly at the Mumbai batsman before his captain Virat Kohli physically stopped him.According to a statement from IPL organisers, both the players admitted to the offences and accepted the imposition of the sanctions.Meanwhile, Mumbai Indians skipper Harbhajan Singh has also been fined for maintaining a slow over rate during the match against RCB.At the end of the match, Mumbai Indians were assessed to be one over behind the required rate after allowances were taken into consideration.Since it was Harbhajan's first offence of the season under the IPL's Code of Conduct relating to minimum over rate offences, the Mumbai captain was fined $20,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13144062", "title": "Ministers choose to skip Day 1 of drought meeting", "text": "BANGALORE: How serious are our netas in getting maximum relief from the Centre for drought management? It was evident on the first day itself when the 12-member central team led by senior IAS officer Pravesh Sharma, currently in the state to assess drought damage, assembled for a meeting on Monday morning. Not a single minister was present. State government officials did the briefing.None of the ministers concerned - chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, who holds the revenue portfolio, RDPR minister Jagadish Shettar, agriculture minister Umesh Katti or horticulture minister S A Ravindranath - bothered to attend the meeting.All were too busy in the high-pitched ongoing political drama. As many as 123 taluks in the state are drought-affected . Shortage of foodgrains, power cuts, poor infrastructure and lack of drinking water and fodder for cattle are only some of the problems. The state has suffered a loss of Rs 5,964 crore due to crop failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13144413", "title": "21 bridges in 100 years, 16 in 6 in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: During the centenary celebrations of Bihar last month, road construction department minister Nand Kishore Yadav said that in 100 years the state got only 21 river bridges. On the contrary, 16 major river bridges have been built during the last six years, 17 are under construction and 12 are in various stages of proposal.The bridges that existed before 2005 are Veer Kuer Singh Setu, Buxar; RajendraSetu, Mokama; VikramshilaSetu, Bhagalpur; and Mahatma Gandhi Setu, Patna (all across the Ganga), B P MandalSetu, Dumariaghat; Kursela bridge and Kari-Kosi (all across Kosi), besides five bridges on Kamla river, three on Gandak river and two each on the Burhi Gandak, Sone and Falgu.The bridges constructed after 2005 include the KosiMahaSetu, four bridges each on Bagmati and Burhi-Gandak, two each on Kamla, Falgu and Mahananda rivers and one on the Sone. The proposed bridges include three on the Ganga at Bidupur, Mokama and Sahebganj, three on Gandak and one on Sone at Koelwar, which will be parallel to the existing rail-cumroad bridge. Bihar Bridge Construction Corporation is doing extremely good job and making bridges of confidence, said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13144515", "title": "State counters Centre claim on Red violence", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Monday countered the Centre's claim that it had failed to deal with the alarming rise in Maoist activities in the state.In reply to a letter from Union home secretary R K Singh, Odisha DGP Manmohan Praharaj said the state government was doing its best to quell the Maoist challenge and pointed out that violence and murders due to left wing extremism in the state had decreased in 2011 compared to 2010, according to statistics released by the Union home ministry at the chief ministers' conference in New Delhi on April 16.Highlighting anti-Maoist operations in Odisha, Praharaj said while 194 extremists were arrested between 2011 and May, 2012, as many as 60 others had surrendered to state police. During the period, 157 firearms were seized and 280 IED (improvised explosive device) and huge quantity of ammunition were recovered, sources said.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik said the DGP has given his response to the Union home secretary. \"The overall situation in the state has improved and anti-Maoist operations in parts of Koraput, Kandhamal and districts bordering Chhattisgarh are being intensified,\" he told reporters. He noted that the status report of the Union home ministry circulated at the CMs' said the quantum of violence as well as killings had decreased in Odisha in 2011 in comparison to 2010. \"We believe our concerted efforts will bring results and the situation will improve further,\" he added.Sources said the DGP, in his letter, pointed out that of the 23 Maoists killed in Odisha in 2011, the state police had eliminated 19 while the other four were killed due to joint effort of state police and central para-military forces. He also told Singh that despite the setbacks due to the twin hostage crisis triggered by Maoists abducting two Italian nationals, Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo, and Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka in March, four Maoists had been neutralized in the state this year, official sources said.Praharaj maintained that Maoist violence had been contained in Malkangiri, Sundergarh, Sambalpur, Deogarh, Rayagada, Gajapati, Dhenkanal, Mayurbhanj, Jajpur and Keonjhar districts. He noted that extremist activities in Narayanpatna area of Koraput, parts of Kandhamal, Nuapada, Balangir and Bargarh had become a cause for concern and security operations in those areas had been stepped up.The DGP further said it was because of the state government's sustained efforts that the Centre had recently included Nuapada, Balangir and Bargarh districts under its Security Related Expenditure (SRE) scheme and added that the state had been spending from its own resources to improve security infrastructure all over the state to fight the Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141507", "title": "Child Welfare Committee recovers Rs 1 lakh from employers of minor help", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost a month after a minor domestic labourer was rescued from his employer's house in Vasant Kunj, the Child Welfare Committee at Lajpat Nagar has recovered more than a lakh as the boy's daily wage. The employers were identified as businessman Rakesh Soni and his wife Renu from south Delhi.CWC officials say it is for the first time that such a huge amount was recovered from just one case of child labour. \"Usually the remuneration recovered range between Rs 20,000 and Rs 40,000,\" said an official.\"A total amount of Rs 1,17,425 was retrieved in the form of two separate demand drafts in the name of the child. This amount was decided after an inquiry was done,\" said Raaj Mangal Prasad, the chairperson of the Lajpat Nagar CWC.Prasad added that the amount was in addition to Rs 40,500 already paid by the employers during the child's employment over the past 27 months. \"After his mother was called for an inquiry, sheagreed to having received Rs 40,500, the amount was deducted from the total,\" he said. The child, who was rescued on April 1 and wanted to go with his mother, has been handed over to her.The Sonis had employed him to do house chores like dusting, cleaning, washing clothes etc, at a monthly wage of Rs 1,500.TOI had earlier reported that according to a labour department report, 1,287 children were rescued from different parts of Delhi between July 2009 and October 2011. Officials said that most of the times, employers did not even face prosecution for employing children as labourers.under the Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986. While 370 children were rescued in 2009, the figure was 508 in 2010 and 409 till October 2011. Total prosecution so far, the report states, has been 1,528 for the 2009-2011.However, authorities say employers continue to evade paying the fine of Rs 20,000 for rehabilitation of the rescued child. after he/she is rescued.The penalty amount has been collected in just 290 cases from 2009-2011.On April 1, the 12 year old minor was rescued by the cops and produced before the CWC. The copy of the FIR lodged states the child's statement that while his employment \"he was beaten up by the employer to make him understand how to do his work. He was doing all the household works including dusting, cleaning, washing clothes etc. told that he was provided with enough food,\" said the FIR.The FIR also stated that the child was beaten up by the employer and his working hours extended from 7AM to 10PM.A case under relevant sections of the Juvenile Justice Act and IPC were registered against the employers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142358", "title": "Online counselling for engineering candidates", "text": "KOLKATA: Endless queues and overnight watch for the much-awaited WBJEE and AIEEE counselling at Yuba Bharati Krirangan will now be a thing of the past. Despite cracking the state engineering entrance examinations, the counseling acted as a dampner for students. Last year in July, exasperated students had in fact broken into the center and vented their ire by damaging everything at sight. This year, students will be spared from the ordeal once They will be able to apply to the college and course of their choice with the click of the mouse.Endless queues, overnight wait for the much-awaited WBJEE and AIEEE counseling at Yuba Bharati Krirangan will now be a thing of the past. Even after cracking the state engineering entrance examinations, the much stretched counseling was a dampner. It wasn't without reason, therefore, that students had taken the warpath in exasperation in July, last year, venting their ire by breaking into the Center, damaging everything at sight, till police reined them in. This year, none needs to be in Kolkata and infact apply to the college and course of their choice at the click of a button in the cool confines of their home.WBJEE chairman Bhaskar Gupta on Monday said several far-reaching steps whenprospective candidates who've secured a rank in WBJEE and AIEEE, can avail of online counselling. The state government's decision appears to be a culmination of efforts to bring the long-drawn counselling sessions in sync with time and remove the glitches in the manual process. The government had already announced its intent to streamline the entire counselling process after the fracas in July, last year. Accordingly, WBJEE had entrusted the National Informatics Center to create a software which can handle the queries of a lakh-odd candidate in a seamless manner.Unveiling it, Gupta said, \"Once a student puts their roll number, DOB and other personal information in the system, it will throw up the options available to them. They will have time to make informed choices. The computer screen will throw up not just one, but multiple choices available to them. They only have to click their choices (they can apply for several) which suit their requirement best. For this they needn't have to come to Kolkata and put up overnight.\"What Gupta didn't say explicitly, is that the online counselling procedure will also help WBJEE to override an irritant in the manual system. Candidates who've cracked both the WBJEE and AIEEE, unsure on what they will do finally tended to block both their seats both. This led to an unrealistic assessment of the engineering seats filled up - and in worst cases, led to college vacancies round-the-year. Now, though the candidates who've cracked WBJEE and AIDEE both the dual examinations can get to see their options for both, the computer will only accept their choices for any one of the examinations.For candidates who prefer to wait for the second round of counselling to see whether they can get better options(this happens when first round of candidates avails of their preferences but to do not take admission for better chances elsewhere), can continue to do so. For this, they only have to opt for their choice in the computer screen to opt for the next round of counseling. Last year, the JEE first list had nearly 40,000 candidates - later it had to be increased by 20,000 more, after students didn't take admission in the seats they'd opted for in the counselling. The new system is expected to reduce the time gap between the successive counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13143546", "title": "Ludhiana enjoys gully cricket league", "text": "LUDHIANA: The country might be going crazy over Indian Premier League (IPL), but Ludhianvis are cheering for gully cricket whose stars are its own home-grown industrialists, businessmen and professionals. Inspired by the big Twenty20 league, Ludhiana has been playing its own Talwalkars Premier League (TPL) every Sunday for the last two years. What sets it apart is the rules of the game, which the players have chalked out themselves.Like every week, on Sunday the players met dot at 7am in the parking lot of Lajpat Nagar market with the teams of Mani Padam and Raju Miglani playing the match. Mani's team won the game and all the players enjoyed an after-match party at the ground with the losing team enjoying just as much as the winners.Sarabha Nagar-resident Mani, who is a businessman, said his team won the toss and chose to bat.TPL is their brainchildGaurav BhatiaLUDHIANA: Talwalkars Premier League (TPL) also called ''Talli Premier League'' was conceived by four Ludhianvis, Mani Padam, Raju Miglani, Aman Deep Singh and Mandeep Bawa. Coming from different fields, all four have one thing in common -- they are fitness enthusiasts and hit the gym daily.One day while the four were sitting in a cafe they thought of conceiving a game which involves physical activity as well as enjoyment. And the first thing that came to their mind was cricket.Resident of Sarabha Nagar, businessman Mani Padam said, ''To make a team, we spoke to some more people at the gym. Many showed keen interest in being a part of the club.'' Businessman Raju Miglani of Model Gram said, ''Before forming the club all four of us decided to name the club Talwalkars Premier League. We wanted to name it after the gym's name. And as far as the word ''premier league'' is concerned our cricket is also 20-20 like IPL, so we decided to add this too.''Resident of Model Town, businessman Amandeep Singh said, ''Initially we were only 14 players when the game started in January 2011, but in a span of one-and-a-half year we have 18 players who play regularly and 18 who play occasionally.'' Resident of Haibowal, industrialist Mandeep Bawa said, ''In such a short span, TPL has become a hit among Ludhianvis. Many people approach us with queries to join the group, but the four member core committee takes the final call on players.'' He adds, ''We play every Sunday and no matters whatever the weather is, the players reach early morning.''Mani thrilled by his players' performanceLUDHIANA: Sarabha Nagar-resident Mani said, \"Our first wicket fell on the fourth ball, causing a lot of disappointment among team members but after that Amitoj Gill and Rajeev Kapoor stay put on the pitch like walls. Rajeev got out at 52 runs in the twelfth over and in the next over Amitoj also got out.'' However, the team made 130 runs.As Model Gram-resident Raju's team came on field to chase the target, the pressure was obvious. ''Our game started on a good note with the first wicket - Rahil Mongia - falling only after 40 runs. In the last over the team required 15 runs from six balls but we were able to make only eight runs so we lost at 123. It was a disappointment because despite a flying start we could not maintain our run rate,'' he said. Mani, whose team had lost the last match, was thrilled by his players' performance. ''We were determined to do better this time and we did,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141543", "title": "Delhi Transport Corporation drivers on flash strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: A section of DTC drivers went on a flash strike on Monday, affecting services on some routes. The drivers, mostly those on contract service, were protesting against changes in their salary structure that was to be implemented from Monday.Sources said most of the protesters were from the Millennium and Sarojini Nagar depots. \"The drivers went on a sudden strike in the morning, and refused to allow buses to depart from the depots,\" said an official of the Delhi Transport Corporation. However, the strike was called off later in the afternoon following intervention of DTC officials. \"The proposed changes have been put on hold and the drivers have been asked to return to work,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13142808", "title": "Two commit suicide in Ponda", "text": "Ponda police registered two cases of unnatural deaths on Monday. Police said that Gunawanti Shanu Gaude, 85, of Ashewada-Bethora ended her life by setting herself ablaze after pouring kerosene on her body. She received 100% burns and died on the spot on Sunday. In another case, the body of Ashish Nayak, 30, of Puri-Odisha was found hanging from a wooden rafter in a chawl in Kundaim on Sunday. Nayak was residing alone and police are clueless about his antecedents as his neighbours were clueless about his native place and family. Both cases have been registered as 'unnatural deaths'.DGP reviews crime situation in S Goa: Director general of police (DGP) Kishan Kumar visited the South Goa police headquarters at Margao on Monday and held talks with senior officials of the district. The state police chief also chaired a meeting of all police officers of South Goa and reviewed the crime situation, sources said. Kumar also inquired about the beat system followed by the police and suggested that it be reviewed, sources added. The murder case of a woman in Velim was also discussed at the meeting, it is learnt.Man falls to death from tree: One Bhaskar Shirodkar, 58, from Tivim, died on the spot after falling down from a coconut tree at Tivim. According to the Mapusa police, it is suspected that the deceased, under the influence of alcohol, climbed up the tree and fell to his death after losing his balance. The body has been sent for medical examination.HSRP stolen from car in Panaji: An unknown person stole a high security registration plate (HSRP) from a car parked in the city on Saturday night. These plates are supposed to be fastened with non-removable and non-reusable snap locks. A citizen, Jovito Lopes, complained to the Panaji police that an unknown person stole the HSRP number plate which was displayed on the front portion of the car. Police have registered a case.TNAI's new executive body: A new executive body was recently elected to the Trained Nurses' Association of India, Goa branch. Nilima Rane was elected as president, Philomena Gomes as vice president, Ruby Fernandes as secretary, Rashika Naik as treasurer and Ana Rauto as SNA advisor. The chairpersons are Beryl Dias, Shivaji Bhaip, Anita Pereira, Sneha Kurtarkar, Maria Leony D'Souza and Shanti Natekar.POWER SHUTDOWNVerem (May 15 &amp; 18): Between 9am and 5pm. Areas to be affected - Navy campus, Moica vaddo and vicinity.Dona Paula (May 16): Between 9am and 1pm. Areas to be affected - Vainguinim Valley, Sandalwood and vicinity.Taleigao (May 16): Between 9am and 2.30pm. Areas to be affected - Sankwar, Durgawadi Housing Board, Essar Residency, Fredrick Plastic, Afonso Residency, Cardozwaddo, Vodlem Bhat, Sailem Bhat and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13142956", "title": "They bowl you over by slugging it hard", "text": "BHOPAL: Staying indoors and playing computer games or making plans to go out for summer holidays does not seem to be their idea of fun. Instead, they prefer sweating it out hard on the ground even when the sun blazes hard and weather gets harsher. Meet 300 budding cricketers of the city, who play all through the day at the Arera Academy inter-house cricket tournament at the Old Campion grounds and knock you over with their sheer performance.Who cares for temperature? For me, playing cricket is more important than anything else. I was waiting for summer vacations,\" said wiping sweat from forehead, 13-year-old Rishab Sharma. Playing from Vandematram House, he stunned the gathering on the second day of the tournament when he scalped 6 wickets by conceding only 7 runs in his 4-over spell.Hailing the craze of budding cricketers even coach, Suresh Chenani said, \"When most of us think twice before stepping out of houses in torrid temperature conditions, these young guns are out to prove their mettle. Even they motivated me to be around them in the high temperature.\"The tournament is being organized for the under-14 age category, where children in the age group of 7-14 years, are playing for different teams. As for the need for the tournament, Chenani said the regular competitions for such age group would help produce better talent for the state and country.\"There are several tournaments for senior groups. However, the need is to organise tournaments which provide opportunity to the children at their tender age. The real talent comes from smaller age group only,\" head coach of the Arera Cricket Academy, Chenani claimed.Talking about the craze among the children, Chenani said there has been an overwhelming response. \"We are cricket-crazy country. But it is true at the senior level only. Most of the time children from smaller age group are not keen to come in such scorching heat. Surprisingly, this year I have seen a new trend. Children have come in a huge number and want to play despite such conditions out there,\" said, Chenani, who is credited with producing international cricketers, including Pune Warriors player, Mohnish Mishra, junior world cup champion team hero Ajitesh Argal among others.\"I stayed at the ground even when my team is not playing. I am ready to play in tough weather conditions,\" Atharva said. The 11-year-old, Atharva Peshkar, may be uncomfortable in wearing wicket-keeping gloves because of his age and the hot weather conditions, but he is more bothered about his performance than the unrelenting sun. The tournament is based on T20 format. \"Shorter format of cricket is much popular these days. I wanted to provide an opportunity to the budding cricketers hence the tournament,\" Chenani said. He added that under-16 tournament which is scheduled to start from May 17 would be 50-over format.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143518", "title": "Steiner to take over as German envoy to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Michael Steiner, Germany's Special Envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan, will take over as its new ambassador to India. The German Embassy said on Monday that Steiner, who arrived in India last week, is expected to present his credentials to the President soon.\"The friendship between Germany and India is based on mutual trust and shared values,\" Steiner said upon his arrival here on Saturday. He added, \"Over the years, Germany and India have become steadfast and dynamic partners on the international stage and I will focus on further strengthening this partnership during my stint in India.\"Steiner, a veteran in foreign and security policy, acted as the NSA to Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder from 1998 to 2001 and also headed the UN Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK) between 2002 and 2003.He previously also served as German ambassador to the United Nations and Italy. Among other assignments, he represented Germany as member of the International Contact Group and also head of the Special Task Force for Peace Efforts in Bosnia and Herzegovina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13143785", "title": "'Pak to move on in its ties with US'", "text": "Pakistan on Monday said it was time to \"move on\" and mend relations with the US, signalling a climb-down from its demand for an unconditional American apology for reopening key Nato supply routes to Afghanistan . \"It was important to make a point.Pakistan has made the point and we now need to move on and go into a positive zone of trying to conduct our ties,\" Pakistani foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13144069", "title": "Push govt to speed up Metro work: N Sivasailam", "text": "BANGALORE : Namma Metro is after all Nimma Metro , Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd (BMRC) managing director N Sivasailam said on Monday , while asking citizens to chip in to speed up the implementation of the city's ambitious mass rapid transit system project .There's a needfor industrialists , industry bodies and citizens to bring pressure on the government and other agencies to speed up work , Sivasailam told a meeting called by Rotary Club .Underlining the need for speedy completion of the project , he said Namma Metro was essential to free the city from traffic chaos .Majestic BottleneckHe assured Rotarians that all the remaining corridors - northern , southern and western - will be operational by June-end 2013 . But construction of Majestic station will be delayed by more than 3-4 months as a result of which trains passing through the station won't stop there , he added . He added that of the two tunnel boring machines , one has started operations from Central College station to Vidhana Soudha . The other is expected to launch in 15 days .Help Clear HurdlesSivasailam listed Metro's differences with South Western Railways ,litigation with Wakf Boardover land acquisition near Minsk Square and delay in shifting of BR Ambedkar's statue in front of Vidhana Soudha as the hurdles to speedy completion of the project .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13145579", "title": "Utkal University website hacked", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The official website of Utkal University and that of several other educational institutions were allegedly hacked on Sunday. However, the hacker only defaced the site and did not damage nor steal any information. Vice-chancellor of the university P K Sahu said, \"I did not know about any such development. However, we would investigate the issue and find out about the breach.\" The website will be restored as soon as possible, Sahu said.Websites of other state-run universities and private technical institutes have also been targeted by the hacker. The hacker had posted \"K9 Cyber Army\" message on the pages defaced by it. Amiya Mishra, an ethical hacker and a software developer said, \"Most of these websites are hosted by All India Online under a dedicated server. The hacking of many websites in Odisha points to the fact that many other websites might also have been hacked or are going to be. Ignoring this cyber threat can lead to unnecessary tension in the organizations as these sites might be hacked again if proper security measures are not taken.\"Despite being developed by professionals, security lapses can be spotted in web products, web applications and e-learning portals. There are many ways with which a hacker can access a network, experts said. Some of these hacked websites were found repaired by Monday morning. \"It being admission time, hacking of a large number of websites of technical colleges can be very critical. A year ago, data theft affected OJEE admission and a large number of seats remained vacant because of poaching of students,\" said Debadutta Chakra, a computer engineering student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143025", "title": "New English and Foreign Languages University vice-chancellor takes charge", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly two years after its last vice-chancellor, Abhai Maurya, stepped down, the English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) finally got a new VC on Monday when professor Sunaina Singh took charge. She is the first woman to hold the post of Eflu VC. Originally from Rajasthan, Singh has 30 years' teaching experience with Osmania University's department of English.Singh was head of OU's English department and also the president of the varsity's Canadian studies centre, the Shastri Indo-Canadian Institute. Besides being a visitor's nominee to Central universities across the country like Central University of Haryana and Assam Central University, Singh has also been nominated to the governing council of Jodhpur's National Law University. She has been an executive council member at several central universities and also occupied various positions in the University Grants Commission (UGC).Singh now faces the Herculean task of coming up with immediate solutions to several issues raised by students. \"Within 30 days , I will be finalising the land deal with the Kerala government for the new campus in the state and will also visit the Pochampally plot to take stock of the situation ,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13143078", "title": "New colleges won\u2019t be allowed to offer 2 courses", "text": "INDORE: No new college will be allowed to offer diploma in elementary education and diploma in education in this academic year. National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) has disallowed new colleges from offering these courses. A meeting was held recently in this regard in which western region committee of NCTE has decided to not giving permission to new colleges.The committee citing the orders of Supreme Court, NCTE has put a ban until the state government wants to allow fresh colleges to offer the courses. The state government in past had written to the western region committee of the NCTE to restrict new colleges to offer the courses. The matter was then forwarded to the head office of the NCTE. The council cited the orders of the Supreme Court saying, \"In future no institutions will be granted recognition unless it fulfils the conditions laid down in the act and regulation.\" The NCTE also cited clause 7 (3) according to which the views of state government shall be taken into consideration by the regional committee if the state government provides details of reasons with necessary statistics for not giving recognition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "13146341", "title": "Maoists abduct BJP leader in Sukma", "text": "RAIPUR: Maoists on Monday kidnapped two people, including a local BJP leader, in Sukma district of Chhattisgarh in separate incidents.Last month, the Maoists had abducted Sukma Collector Alex Paul Menon, who was released twelve days later. Senior police officials told this news agency that Sukma district BJP secretary Mochaki Joga was abducted when he was returning home by a private bus this evening. The Maoists stopped the bus on the way and took away Joga. In another incident in Dornapal area, Maoists abducted Mochaki Kacche, a trader.Although police have started a search operation, there are no concrete clues yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13142619", "title": "Doctors sans apron, badge to face action", "text": "BHOPAL: Apparently jolted out of complacence in the wake of stealing of a newborn from Sultania Hospital, the government has decided to get tough with doctors and hospital staff not reporting on duty in apron and identity badges. The step, the authorities feel, will make it easier to identify intruder. Besides, it will also put a curb on staff neglecting work while on duty. In Bhopal, all government hospitals are going to strictly implement it soon.Doctors are against dress code saying it would make them a sitting duck in case of a backlash from the public.In view of more complaints, the autonomous body of the Gandhi Medical College (GMC) decided to make smart identity cards for all 1,500 faculty and staff. \"The recent incident at Sultania Hospital, when a newborn was stolen has brought the problem to the fore,\" said GMC dean Dr Nirbhay Shrivastava.The tendering process for the ID cards has been initiated. \"Any staff member without an identity card would be turned away,\" he added.JP Hospital too has been under the scanner after a hospital employee held was for raping minor on the campus. After a visit to the hospital, health commissioner gave instructions for all staff to follow hospital dress code. However, much has not changed. \"As per rules if an employee is not in proper dress code, attendance should not be marked,\" said one hospital official. \"You can go anywhere in the hospital and no one is bothered,\" he added.However, some without a dress code had more excuses. \"Unlike GMC, there is not medical college out here. There have been numerous instances of staff being thrashed by public,\" said a JP hospital employee.The government provides dress material and tailoring fee to each employee for doctors to follow mandatory dress code on duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13144237", "title": "Banaras Hindu University-PMT on May 16", "text": "VARANASI: The examination season of Banaras Hindu University is going to kickstart with preliminary (screening) test of BHU-PMT, which will be held across four cities in the country on May 16 this year. A record 50,534 medical aspirants are set to appear in the prestigious examination that will pave the way for main entrance test, scheduled to be held next month (June) this year.As per reports of BHU-PMT Cell office, the screening test of BHU-PMT will be held across 38 centres in the city including 22 centres in the main campus of varsity. A total of 21,060 candidates are likely to appear in the test across the city that also includes 16 examination centres outside the campus of the varsity. New Delhi will witness the maximum number of medical aspirants with a total of 21,907 candidates appearing in the screening test. Kolkata and Hyderabad are other cities hosting the examination.Meanwhile, the entrance examinations of other under graduate (UG) and post graduate (PG) courses are going to be held between May 18 to June 06 this year. The examinations will begin with B Ed entrance test on May 18 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13144084", "title": "Garbage cess enriches Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike by 27 crore", "text": "BANGALORE: A BBMP move to mop up revenue through garbage cess has virtually killed private initiatives in scientific management of solid waste. With citizens forced to cough up this cess, they're reluctant to spare that extra buck for agencies engaged in the task.Since April 2011, BBMP has raised Rs 27 crore through garbage cess, which is being collected along with property tax. Once BBMP started collecting this cess, apartments stopped hiring private agencies in waste management, saying they had paid the civic body for this job.\"The irony is that BBMP is neither doing scientific waste disposal nor is it encouraging us to do it,'' said NS SRamakanth, expert and member, Solid Waste Management Round Table.Interestingly, the BBMP has not spent the Rs 27 crore it has collected to tackle the mountains of waste being generated in the city. At least, it has no record to show how it's spending the money.BBMP officials in charge of waste management are not ready to even speak on record.\"The cess is nothing but a service charge paid to the corporation for garbage management. When we go to our clients, they say that after paying cess to BBMP, they see no reason to pay private companies for the same job. But the cess collection has made no difference to garbage piling up and its unhygienic processing ,\" said a spokesman for another agency working in garbage disposal.\"Ideally, if the waste is not segregated, BBMP must not even lift the garbage from households. Also, what is collected as garbage cess must essentially be used for zero waste management in the city and that amount must not go unaccounted for,\" said Wilma Rodrigues, founder member, Saahas, a voluntary organization in solid waste management. Saahas collects about 7 tonnes of garbage every day from apartments and companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142500", "title": "Waterlogging poses threat to Thakurbari", "text": "KOLKATA: It was only a few days back that Jorasanko Thakurbari came alive with celebrations to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee was also part of the programme and announced several initiatives for the uplift of Thakurbari. But what skipped everybody's attention was the dilapidated condition of Bichitra Bhavan, the bard's home. With cracks on the ceiling, broken windows and damaged walls, the building has been lying in utter neglect for years.Visit Bichitra Bhavan, Rabindranath Tagore's home at Jorasanko Thakurbari and see for yourself the cracks on its ceiling, broken windows and damaged walls. Tagore's 150th birth anniversary celebrations have just concluded with a host of programmes, each to pay homage to the Nobel laureate. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee was at the centre of many initiatives during the celebrations, including one to make Jorasanko Thakurbari a major tourist attraction. Yet, the basic job of protecting the Tagore's ancestral house from structural damage was neglected during the year-long Tagore euphoria.Architect and restoration specialist Arunendu Banerjee said seepage of water causes maximum damage to the Grade-I heritage building in Kolkata. A separate study by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) drew the same conclusion. \"Bichitra Bhavan is under threat. The building will be further weakened structurally if not renovated at the earliest,\" said a KMC engineer who visited Bichitra Bhavan to ascertain the extent of damage.Jorasanko, being a low- lying area, gets flooded every monsoon. \"Sometimes it takes hours for the storm water to recede after a heavy shower. Waterlogging is also a major threat to Thakurbari,\" said an official of Rabindra Bharati University (RBU).The two-storey Bichitra Bhavan was built in 1887 and Tagore himself over the construction. It has two large halls and 10 rooms, including Tagore's study. A hub of cultural and social movement in the 19th century, the building is steeped in history. Luminaries like Gandhiji, Chittaranjan Das, Dinabandhu Andrews, in fact, met the bard here and it was here that Tagore's wife Mrinalini Devi breathed her last.Besides Bichitra Bhavan, parts of Maharshi Bhavan are also under threat, said an RBU official. When Bichitra Bhavan was built in 1887, Tagore himself oversaw the construction. Tagore himself oversaw the construction of Bichitra Bhavan in 1887. The two-storey building houses two large halls and 10 rooms, including Tagore's study. The hub of a cultural and social movement that flowered around Tagore, the building is steeped in history. Gandhiji, Chittaranjan Das, Dinabandhu Andrews and other luminaries met Tagore there. Tagore's wife Mrinalini Devi died here. Besides Bichitra, parts of Maharshi Bhawan is also under threat, said a RBU official.Though Rabindra Bharati University has prepared a comprehensive plan to restore both Bichitra Bhavan and Maharshi Bhawans, it could be an uphill task to maintain it after restoration if waterlogging woes are not taken care of.around it is not taken care of.\"We have taken up a special project for restoration of Thakurbari. Since it is a grade-A heritage building, the ASI has been entrusted to supervise its restoration which will begin soon,\" Rabindra Bharati University's vice-chancellor Chinmoy Guha said on Monday. Speaking about the waterlogging problems, Guha said, \"Jorasanko Thakurbari is located in a low-lying area. Waterlogging has been a regular feature every year. It definitely damages the heritage building. I have taken up the matter with the Kolkata mayor who has assured me that something would be done to ward off the seepage threat.\"However, the drainage department officials of KMC see no hope of giving relief to Jorasanko Thakurbari this monsoon. Though it has been six years since RBU requested KMC to set up a drainage pumping station to take care of the water problems, the civic body could not find space in the vicinity.The KMC drainage department then decided to undertake an alternative plan to de-silt underground brick sewer lines along Rabindra Sarani to minimize waterlogging problems around Jorasanko Thakurbari. The proposal to secure funds for the project under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme has been submitted to the Centre.After assuming office, mayor Sovan Chatterjee had planned to set up a drainage pumping station at Jagannath Ghat, adjacent to Howrah Bridge. But the work is yet to be completed. to give relief to the heritage building by setting up a drainage pumping station at Jagannath ghat adjacent to Howrah Bridge. However, the work on that is far from complete. Chatterjee, however, expressed the hope that something could be done to give relief to the heritage building this monsoon.\"We are aware of the waterlogging problem. Once the new drainage pumping station at Jagannath Ghat is built, we can minimize the problem. Before that we have to look at temporary solutions,\" the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13144104", "title": "Radiology hot with toppers", "text": "BANGALORE : Radiology remainedthe mostsought- after subject among toppers on Day 1 of counselling for admission to PG medical courses on Monday .Four of the top 10 students who had turned up , opted for radiology . They included the top two rank-holders : Adarsh K M (I rank , from VIMS-Bellary ) for Bangalore Medical College ; Berton Craig Monteiro (II rank , from KMCMangalore ) for Mysore Medical College . Adarsh said : \"I am very happy , my parents are also very happy with my achievement .\"\"Radiology is an upcoming field with room for a lot of innovation ,\" said Monteiro .The next popular stream was general medicine ; two of the top 10 rank-holders opted for it. The remaining four from among the top 10 opted for general surgery , orthopaedics , ophthalmology and paediatrics .Among the colleges , seven of thetop 10studentsoptedfor Bangalore Medical College , whiletwochoseMysoreMedicalCollege andoneJJMMedical College , Davanagere .Counselling went on till 9pm in viewof heavy showers delaying the arrival of candidates .Thefirstletter granting the seat was issued by medical education minister AS Ramdas . \"Wehave 80 extra seatsthis year . Deemed universities are providing 25% additional seats . KLE College from Belgaum and Siddhartha College from Tumkur have still not provided the number of seats they are offering .\"He also said there is a hike in the surrender fees for a seat because after the all-I ndia PG medical entrance exam and Comed-K , there will be a number of students who surrender their seats . Karnataka has the maximum number of PG medical seats .Progress MeterAbout 741 PG medical seats are available under the government quota , for which counselling began on Monday . It was restricted to PH (physically handicapped ) as well as entrance quotas .While 504 seats are reserved for candidates who take PG Entrance Test (PGET) conducted by RGUHS , 215 seats have been earmarked for in-service candidates and 22 for PH candidates .While 12 candidates appeared for verification of medical records for PH quota seats , 11 were found eligible and only 9 opted for seats.About 6,132 candidates were considered eligible for seats under the PGET quota .By the end of the day , 304 seats were filled under the entrance quota .- Parina Dhilla", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13145126", "title": "Nana\u2019s sick, stalls sequel", "text": "Ab Tak Chappan 2 shoot has been put on hold for the past few days as the actor has malariaThe sequel to Ab tak Chappan being produced by Ram Gopal Varma has once again hit a rough patch. It is learnt the film's shoot has been put on hold for the past few days with Nana Patekar being ill. Last week, the actor complained of mild fever and returned home from the sets. Later on, he was admitted to hospital and diagnosed with malaria. Nana confirmed the news and said, \"I am feeling extremely weak. I have got malaria and was admitted to hospital. I was discharged on Monday and returned home. I am hoping shooting will start in a few days.\" It is learnt Nana is on medication and has been advised rest for some time. Ramu however downplayed Nana's illness saying, \"It's a mild fever. The shoot has been halted for just two days.\"This isn't the first time Ab tak Chappan 2 has run into trouble. Originally, it was to be directed by Sahil Saple, who staged a walk-out on hearing Nana Patekar would be directing the film. Nana too donned the director's hat but only for some time, later declaring he wanted to concentrate on acting only. Eventually, Ramu passed on the baton to Ejaz Ghulab who has directed the stunts of Department . We've learnt the first look of the sequel will be released with Department on May 18. Meanwhile, the unit has finished the Mumbai schedule of the shoot and will be heading to Goa soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143451", "title": "Aam admi feels the pinch as vegetable vendors make a killing", "text": "JAIPUR: With inflation hitting the roof, the spiralling prices of vegetables have thrown the household budget out of gear. To add to the woes, hawkers and vendors in the locality are charging exorbitant prices, despite an adequate supply of veggies at the Muhana Mandi,Against a 20-25% rise in the wholesale prices of vegetables and fruits, the retail prices have jumped to nearly 50% over the last one month.A kg of cauliflower which would cost at Rs 75 last month is now available at Rs 90 in the market. Similarly, cabbage, which till last month was selling at Rs 25 per kg, is now priced at Rs 38 per kg. Lemon too is costlier with a kg being pegged at Rs 130 against Rs 80 in April.\"With an extended winter this year, the overall supply of vegetables has seen a dip, particularly in May. The situation though is under control. The wholesale rates are marginally high compared to last month but we don't see any reason as to why the retail prices should be so high,\" said Radheyshyam Pathak, president, Rajasthan Fruits and Vegetable Traders Association.The difference in the retail and wholesale prices has hit the common man hard. While a kg of onions can be bought at Rs8-10 in the wholesale market, the same would cost Rs 35-40 in the local market. The gap in prices is alarming for tomatoes too which are being sold at Rs 50 per kg by a retail vendor against Rs10-12 kg at a 'mandi'.Hawkers and local vendors however justify the hike in prices over rising expenses. \"The price of every commodity has shot up, and we too are bleeding. We can't manage to run a household if we don't keep profit margins\" said Mangalram, a vegetable cartowner at Tilak Nagar.His sentiments are echoed by Gopal Yadav, who runs a vegetable shop at Shyam Nagar. \"If you calculate the total input cost, it comes to around Rs 1000 everyday. I pay Rs 650 to get the vegetables from the mandi to the shop, and pay a daily rent of Rs 300. I need to recover the cost as well as make some profit,\" Yadav said.Prices of vegetables in Jaipur vary from place to place. While vendors in posh localities such as Civil Lines, C-Scheme, Jawahar Nagar hike the prices by three to four times, at other places like Durgapura, Mahivar Nagar, the difference is relatively less.VegetablesRetail (per kg) in AprilRetail (per kg) in MayCapsicumRs 65-70Rs 85-90Bottle gourd (lauki)Rs 30-35Rs 30-40GingerRs 50Rs 65LadyfingerRs 65-75Rs 80-90ChillyRs 45-50Rs 60-70SpinachRs 30-40Rs 50-55Rates taken from C-Scheme and Raja Park", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13143299", "title": "Snehalaya report shocks UT counsel", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT senior standing counsel, Sanjay Kaushal, on Monday could not restrain himself in Punjab and Haryana high court from expressing his views on pathetic conditions at Snehalaya. Placing on record an inquiry report conducted into disappearance of kids from Snehalaya and conditions there by the two-member committee of UT administration, Kaushal said, \"Even I was shocked to see the report describing the conditions inside Snehalaya.\"Kaushal also accepted that many more steps are required to be taken to improve things at Snehalaya, a home for the destitute run by UT. Following his submissions and taking the report on record, a division bench headed by acting chief justice M M Kumar asked the secretary, legal services authority, UT, Chandigarh to visit Snehalaya and give suggestions including remedial steps to improve conditions in such homes.The issue had reached before the high court through a PIL after TOI highlighted the disappearance of kids from the destitute home and administration's apathy in tracing them.Earlier, on March 26, terming the attitude of the Chandigarh administration as \"insensitive\" in acting on the disappearance of kids from Snehalaya, the HC had asked that the inquiry report conducted by IAS officer Vinod P Kavle and member of Juvenile Justice Board, Manju Bhalla of the Chandigarh administration on the missing kids be placed before it.When the matter came up for hearing on Monday before high court, the UT counsel placed on record the inquiry report of Kavle and Bhalla and some remedial steps taken by the administration on the matter.The report revealed that no attendance register was maintained and monitored, there was no system of taking a headcount, while the resident manager and warden were ignorant about their duties and did not stay on the campus. No penal action has been recommended against anybody. It also revealed how inmates were prone to catching infections but no proper medical assistance was provided to them. Action taken report (ATR) on panel report was also submitted before the HC.The case would now come up for further hearing on July 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13144108", "title": "Rohtak shelter home owner 'sold' two children", "text": "ROHTAK: Disgraced owner of a local shelter home -- who is facing charges of torture, exploitation and sexual abuse of girl inmates -- had also \"sold\" two children of inmates of the home for Rs 81,000. Haryana police claimed to have located one of the children in Aligarh in Uttar Pradesh and another in Dehli and have sent teams to get them back.The two women inmates of the shelter home, Fatima and Ramvati, had told members of a team from the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) that their sons were missing from the shelter home since a couple of years.The NCPCR team had raided the premises of the shelter home on Wednesday night, acting on a tip off by three girls who had escaped from there and reached the commission's office in Delhi, where they revealed horrific tales of exploitation, torture and sexual abuse of girl inmates.Fatima and Ramavati had claimed that the owner of the shelter home, Jaswanti, had tried to conceal the information about the two children being sold by saying that while one of them had died of some disease, the other was adopted by a couple. She had, however, failed to provide any documents supporting her claims.Rohtak superintendent of police Vivek Sharma said investigations have revealed that Jaswanti had handed over Fatima's son for a donation of Rs 60,000 about two years ago. Ramavati's son was also given away for Rs 21,000 about a year-and-a-half ago.\"These families gave the money in form of donations to the NGO, Bharat Vikas Sangh, which ran the shelter home. No process of adoption of children was followed and thus giving the custody of the children to any family was illegal. It would help us corroborate the charges when we trace the children,\" said Sharma.\"Jaswanti gave away Fatima's newborn boy to an Aligarh family about a year-and-a-half ago while Ramvati's son was around two months old when he was given to a Delhi-based couple nearly two years ago,\" says deputy superintendent of police Dharna Yadav, who is investigating the case.She said that they have added Section 418 of IPC (cheating with knowledge that wrongful loss may ensue to person whose interest the offender is bound to protect) in the FIR against Jaswanti for giving away the two children.\"We will get the DNA test of the children and their mothers -- Fatima and Ramvati -- done to establish their relationship,\" said Yadav.Earlier, the police had nabbed Jaswanti and four of her relatives including daughter Simmi, son-in-law Jai Bhagwan and two cousins -- Satish Kumar and Sheela Devi -- who were her accomplices.The district administration had also initiated an inquiry into the running of the shelter home which has 98 inmates, mostly minor girls, who alleged that they had been tortured, sexually abused, paraded naked and made to work as farm and construction labourers by the shelter home owner and her relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13145275", "title": "US has all ingredients for success for next 200 years: Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US has all the ingredients to be successful for the next 200 years, US President Barack Obama has said, hoping that he would get another chance to get the US back on track.\"We've still got the finest workers in the world, the best universities in the world, we've the best scientists, the best entrepreneurs, we've got the best market system in the world, so we've got all the ingredients for success for the next 100, next 200 years,\" Obama, who is seeking his re-election, told the ABC News in an interview.\"But what's happened is, is that our politics breaks down we've become more obsessed with winning the election than setting things up for the next generation and if we can break through that I could not be more confident or more proud of the this country and the direction we're headed,\" he said.\"It will happen. I believe it. It always does,\" said the US President, exuding confidence.Obama said that what he wants is to spend the next five years doing is recreating that America where if you work hard you can make it, regardless of where you come from, what you look like.\"The one thing, if you don't mind me taking just a little bit of time on this you know sometimes you hear about America's declining or we're weaker or China's on the rise or this, that or the other,\" he said.\"Let me tell you, I travel all around the world and everywhere you go, if you ask people where would you want to be, what country you admire, what cards you would like to have in your hand, it's what we've got,\" Obama said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13143461", "title": "HC grants bail to stockbroker Gautam Vora", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday granted bail to stockbroker Gautam Vora, who was arrested on charges of sheltering Vijay Palande, an accused in the murder of Delhi-based business consultant Arunkumar Tikku. Justice A M Thipsay ordered Vora's release on bail on a surety of Rs 30,000.The police had booked Vora under various sections of the Indian Penal Code-section 212 (harbouring an offender), 202 (intentional omitting to give information about a crime) and 225 (obstructing the lawful arrest of an offender). Except section 225, the other sections are bailable.Justice Thipsay remarked that Vora seemed to have only given shelter to Palande and questioned whether section 225 could be applied in the case. \"Where is the question of resistance or obstruction? The other two sections are bailable, hence bail cannot be refused,\" he observed.Arun Tikku was murdered on April 7, and Palande arrested for the killing within days. According to the police, Palande escaped from police custody on April 10 and Vora allegedly helped him. The stockbroker drove Palande around in his car and checked him into a south Mumbai hotel. Vora is also alleged to have used his credit card to buy Palande clothes before the murder accused was rearrested . Vora was arrested on April 24 for his role in helping Palande.A sessions court last week rejected Vora's bail application on the grounds that the investigations were at an initial stage. In his bail application, Vora had claimed: \"I was introduced to Palande through Simran Sood (co-accused in the murders) as Karan Sood. Simran had claimed that Karan was her brother and I believed her.\" Vora said that he was unaware that Palande was absconding from police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142365", "title": "Library panel flouts book selection norms", "text": "KOLKATA: Allegations have been raised against Raja Ram Mohan Roy Library Foundation - an autonomous organization established and financed by the Union ministry of culture - for violating norms while selecting books for hundreds of libraries across the country.While the Foundation was established to support public library services and systems, it has now been alleged that the nodal agency is hindering the library movement by breaching all rules formulated by it.To begin with, the guideline that the Book Selection Committee of the foundation is supposed to abide by says a book \"costing above Rs 500 shall not be ordinarily selected\". However, the committee breached the clause in its 41st meeting and shortlisted some books that cost up to 10 times the proposed limit.\"The clause says books costing above Rs 500 shall not 'ordinarily' be selected. But if the committee members feel any costly book deserves to be at a library and there is good acceptability among readers, then such books can be considered,\" justified foundation director K K Banerjee, who is also a member of the Book Selection Committee. When told about the matter, academic Sunanda Sanyal said, \"When guidelines are there, members should adhere to them. When I was a member of the committee, we followed them and no such allegations were made then.\"From the list of books that has been selected in the latest meeting, it appears that the members have shortlisted around 70,484 copies of 263 such \"costly\" books, some of which cost Rs 5,000 (340 copies), Rs 4,200 (340 copies), Rs 3,000 (340 copies) or Rs 2,995 (340 copies).Banerjee argued that there's no hard and fast rule that the Rs 500 limit has to be followed and that time has come to revise the price limit. But it appears that the committee has jumped the gun by selecting costly books instead of amending the guidelines. Even in reply to an RTI filed by a resident of Shahdara in New Delhi, the foundation clarified: \"Highly expensive books have not been considered.\"Academic Pabitra Sarkar harbours a similar notion like Banerjee. He said, \"I think the Rs 500 limit is far to less. The guidelines should be amended. But as far as norms are there, they should not be violated.\"The rulebook also says: \"Books written, edited or published by the members or officials connected with the foundation may not be ordinarily selected during their tenure.\" In reality, the committee in its last meeting selected some books written by one of the members of the Book Selection Committee. While Banerjee initially denied any such possibility, he promised to \"look into\" the matter after TOI pointed out the names of the books. When TOI contacted the author (who is a member of the committee) in Delhi, he said: \"The secretary of the ministry of culture has the authority to select such books depending on their merit.\"A ccording to a source also alleged that undue preference is given to a city-based publishing house run by the husband of an employee of the organization. \"The publisher, based in Santoshpur, submits specimens of books using two names and gets orders in bulk. There's nobody to verify these facts. There's no book-review committee to cross-check the specimen books. The selection committee selects book arbitrarily,\" he alleged. When TOI brought this to the notice of the foundation director, he promised to \"look into\" the matter.Allegations have also been raised over the shortlisting of the books selected by the committee. In the last meeting, 5,539 books were primarily selected by the committee. But the list was later reduced to 2,374. Though a Delhi-based committee member confirmed that they had not been intimated about the shortlisting, Banerjee clarified: \"There's a dedicated team that looks after all the details of the books while shortlisting them.\"According to sources, the committee also violated Official Language Act and did not earmark 50% of the budgetary allocation (Rs 10 crore) for purchasing Hindi books. But Banerjee rubbished the allegation saying: \"Some publishers with vested interest are trying to malign pointing fingers at the foundation.\"However, in reply to the RTI months after the books were selected, the foundation said the Official Language Act had been strictly adhered to and the total net cost of Hindi titles \"likely\" to be ordered was Rs 6.09 crore.Asokendu Sengupta:Rs 500 has been set as a limit so that more books can be bought. However, good books will cost more. So the guidelines should be revised instead of violating them. But it is very unfortunate that books written by committee members have been selected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143050", "title": "One arrested for holding bets on Indian Premier League", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths busted an IPL betting racket and arrested a person from Mangalhat on Monday night. Acting on a specific alert, police raided the house of Naresh Singh, 38, of Dilavargunj in Mangalhat, who was organising bets on the ongoing IPL matches, and arrested him. Police said Naresh had been acting as an agent of one Maharaj of Chudi Bazaar and taking bets on behalf of him.Police seized a motorcycle, a TV, six cellphones and Rs 18,500 cash from his possession. He was handed over to the Mangalhat police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144369", "title": "State sits on order to suspend Shukla", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla should have been suspended within 48 hours after his arrest on Thursday for his role in the NRHM scam. But even four days after the CBI took him into custody, the Uttar Pradesh government has not issued the formal suspension order, which it should have done as a matter of course going by the service rules.A UP government official, said: \"According to the existing guidelines, the state government, also the appointing authority for IAS officers, should have issued a formal order regarding Shukla's suspension. It is not clear, though, why such a decision has not been taken.''According to the All India Services (Discipline and Appeal) Rules, 1969, any member of the service who is detained in official custody, whether on a criminal charge or otherwise, for a period longer than 48 hours, shall be deemed to have been suspended by the state government.In Shukla's case, however, more than 96 hours have passed since he was taken into custody by CBI.\"In the eyes of the law, he is already deemed suspended. The rest is only a matter of formality,'' a state government official said. Apart from a formal order, though, the discipline and appeal rules also mandate that the state government forward a detailed report of the suspended officer's case to the central government. This has to done within 15 days of the date on which the officer is placed under suspension.Though the discipline and appeals rules give the state governments the power to order minor punishments against IAS officers in the state, the chief secretary, director general of police and the principal chief conservator of forests, who are the heads of the respective services, cannot be placed under suspension without obtaining prior approval of the central government. This addition was made to the original 1969 rules in a move that was aimed at protecting civil servants from \"political vendetta\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142517", "title": "Hatkata Dilip back behind bars for guard's murder", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly nine months after his acquittal by Calcutta high court in a double murder case at Nayapatti in Salt Lake, dreaded don Dilip Banerjee alias Hatkata Dilip has again been rounded up in connection with the murder of a security guard at Dosodrone near Rajarhat last month. Baguiati police picked him up on Sunday night.Sources, however, claimed that Dilip's enmity with a Baguiati-based youth leader who is also very close to an influential minister prompted Bidhannagar police to act against him with a clear signal from top shots of the ruling party. Ironically, sources hinted that Dilip's acquittal had been orchestrated by another ruling party MLA who had ensured safe shelter for the don at his old domain of LakeTown and Bangur after his release.Dilip, who started his career in the underworld in the mid-Nineties as an aide of Dum Dum-based notorious extortionist Pinaki Mitra, later broke up with his boss and started his own gang. Following in the footsteps of Pinaki, Dilip went close to the then ruling CPM for a shield. But the double murder case in a musical soiree at Nayapatti in June 2004 rocked the state secretariat and his political patronage could not save him. In the same year, he was picked up from the ancestral house of a national-level footballer. Following the trial, he was sentenced to life imprisonment.But in August 2011, he managed to come out again and started to extend his tentacles into the vast stretch of the northern fringes by ganging up with other criminals like Shankar Ram of airport area. Initially, police did not act much, but Dilip gradually started turning into a terror.Three months ago, Dilip and his gang members created a major chaos in a pub at New Town. The CCTV footage of the pub revealed that a huge gang of criminals were dragging bar singers and even flaunting firearms to tame and scare bar employees and bouncers. Followers of the youth leader took the matter to police and six notorious aides of Dilip were arrested and three nine mm pistols seized from them. The arrests, however, led to an enmity between Dilip and the Trinamool youth leader. Since then, Dilip had apparently been looking for revenge.Meanwhile, he ganged up with some local toughs of Jagatpur. Police, however, learnt that Dilip was planning to murder the youth leader based in Baguiati and alerted him. He was shifted to a safe zone. All this happened a week ago. The attempt, however, pushed an influential section of ruling party to send Dilip once again behind bars.\"Dilip was under our scanner and as soon he started targeting people, we tracked him down. We have sufficient evidence that he and his men were involved in the murder of Sumit Ghosh, a 32-year-old security guard, at Dosodrone in April this year,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142653", "title": "Sarojini market to reopen today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hopes of an end to the standoff over allocation of hawking sites in the Sarojini Nagar market faded on Monday even as shopkeepers called off their four-day-old strike after a meeting with chief minister Sheila Dikshit .Announcing that they would open their shops from Tuesday, the Sarojini Nagar shopkeepers said they were not against hawkers but increasing congestion in the market would not serve either side. \"NDMC should accommodate vendors as per the Master Plan of Delhi. We went to meet the CM but since the matter is in court she cannot take a decision. She said she will see if these vendors can be allotted space in other NDMC markets,\" said Pramod Sharma, president, Sarojini Nagar Market Shopkeepers' Association.However, the CM's reported assurance to consider the shopkeepers' demand for scrapping of new hawking sites angered street vendors. Representatives of the National Street Vendors Association (NASVI) said they would organize a massive rally in the Sarojini Nagar market on Tuesday to protest against the government and the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC).\"Already, street vendors are on the periphery of society and vulnerable to harassment. These vendors have been waiting for the allocation of space since the Commonwealth Games. We will hold a demonstration on Tuesday against NDMC and the Delhi government if they scrap the draw,\" said Arwind Singh, national coordinator, NASVI.But NDMC officials said they were not aware of the government's plans to cancel their decision. \"So far, there are no plans to scrap the draw. We stand by our decision and if there is any notification concerning a change, we will implement it,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142608", "title": "Aarushi case: Next hearing on May 16", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Ghaziabad sessions court on Monday directed the CBI to provide the statement of Dataram Nanoria - the first investigating officer in the Aarushi murder case - to Aarushi's parents, doctors Rajesh and Nupur Talwar. The case will be heard on May 16, when sessions judge Shyam Lal is also likely to hear the arguments on framing of charges against the Talwar couple.Regarding the couple's demand for CDs, sources said the court will look at them on Tuesday and decide whether they should be given to the Talwars or not. These CDs relate to the evidence found on Aarushi's seized camera and her mobile phone records.The Talwars are facing trial in the four-year-old murder case of their teenage daughter Aarushi and their domestic help Hemraj. The court is likely to hear arguments on framing of charges from both sides when the case comes up on Wednesday.The Talwars were present in the court on Monday. CBI counsel RK Saini said their lawyers were provided the report prepared by Nanoria while the court also directed the CBI to provide the accused certain CDs related to the probe.The judge had earlier orally asked the CBI to give all the documents to the Talwars \"for the sake of justice\".The court of additional district and sessions judge Shyam Lal had on May 11 reserved its order on the Talwars' plea about deficiency in case-related documents provided to them by the investigating agency.The CBI had then told the court that the agency had provided all relevant documents withholding only those on which it was not relying for the couple's prosecution.The Talwars had also asked for narco-analysis reports of three servants, Krishna, Rajkumar and Vijay Mandal, but CBI officials said those reports were not relied upon and so could not be given. CBI, in its submissions earlier, had said that statements of 90 of the 153 witnesses and 23 photographs on which the agency was relying for prosecution had been given to the Talwars.Aarushi was 14 when she was murdered on the night of May 16 at her Noida residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13145758", "title": "Three sentenced to death for Palamu murder", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Three people accused of murdering six of a family in Palamu six years ago were sentenced to death by principal district and sessions judge Vishnu Kant Sahay on Monday.Those sentenced to death are Janeshwar Paswan (70), Rajinder Paswan (43) and Ashok Paswan (38). They are relatives.The judge acquitted two - Sarju Paswan and Ram Bilas Mochi - in the same case of murder committed in 2006 in Palamu's Hussainabad.The five (three sentenced to death and the two acquitted) were accused of killing six members of Ram Dinesh Ram's family alleging that a woman of his family had cast black magic on the Paswans causing the death of a woman.In brutal revenge of death of the woman, the Paswans unleashed terror and killed six people of the Ram family.Court sources said this was the rarest of the rare case in which three persons in Palamu were sentenced to death by hanging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141631", "title": "Give blood for DNA test or face police action, high court tells Tiwari", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday asked senior Congress leader N D Tiwari to inform it within two days whether he wants to voluntarily give his blood sample for a DNA test in a paternity suit or police force be used for obtaining it.Following orders of the high court and the Supreme Court, Justice Reva Khetrapal also told the counsel for the 86-year-old leader that his client would not leave India without giving his blood sample for the requisite DNA test. \"It is deemed expedient that the time of two days be granted to defendant No. 1 (Tiwari) to inform whether he voluntarily wants to give blood sample for the DNA test or the court will have to take recourse to police force. List the matter on May 16,\" Justice Khetrapal said. Tiwari, former chief minister of Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand , has been directed by the high court and the apex court to furnish the sample.The court also directed the Hyderabad-based Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics ( CDFD) to send \"requisite kits\" for the DNA test to the registrar of the court.While rejecting the plea of Tiwari's counsel that a week's time be granted to him for taking instruction from the Dehradun-based Congress leader, the judge said, \"I cannot keep the matter pending as the issue has finally been decided by a division bench of this court and by the Supreme Court and nothing remains to be decided.... Either you make a statement that Tiwari will not leave the country or I will restrain him.\"The court was hearing the application of 32-year-old Rohit Shekhar seeking to compel Tiwari to furnish his blood sample at the earliest to decide the four-year-old paternity suit. Shekhar had filed a fresh plea against Tiwari, a former governor of Andhra Pradesh , seeking that he be asked to give the blood sample to ascertain whether he was the biological father of the petitioner.The veteran leader had recently suffered set backs in the high court and the Supreme Court in his bid to avoid giving his blood sample.A two-judge bench of the high court had earlier said that even police force could be used for compelling Tiwari to comply with the earlier order in the case as non-implementation of judicial orders would make courts a \"laughing stock\".Tiwari had moved the apex court against the order but he could not get the desired relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13142771", "title": "'Family gang' nabbed for theft in Dabolim", "text": "VASCO: Vasco police finally succeeded in nabbing the gang which fled on May 3 after decamping with about 3.5 lakh gold and cash from a flat at Dabolim. Police could successfully trace the gang with the help of the victim's neighbour who noted the registration number of the car in which the culprits escaped.Four accused Carmina Lobo, Ruhi Vishwakarma, Farhad Farid Khan and Mohammed Hussain were arrested on May 5, within two days of the incident.A flat of Raghuveer Singh in Light House Manor apartments was looted in a daylight burglary. His neighbour had noticed a group of four persons sitting in a car, whose registration number was handed over to Vasco police. Vasco DySP Lawrence D'Souza said, \"After two days, the group was nabbed at Margao KTC bus stand while they were sitting in another car.\" Both the cars have been sealed.\"There are more people involved in the theft and their mastermind is yet to be arrested,\" D'Souza said. A team of police has left for Maharashtra to nab the other accomplices.After taking the four accused into custody, they were produced before the JMFC, Vasco, twice, and were sent to five days and later seven days police remand respectively. Their modus operandi was that they travelled around as a family in the car and did the survey of their targets. \"This arrest will surely be a breakthrough in solving other thefts in the state too. Even Margao police have asked for their custody,\" D'Souza said.Foreign currency of about 70,000 was also recovered from them. The Vasco police have registered a case under Section 454 and Section 380 read with 34 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13143547", "title": "Muslim Yuva Parishad slams Assam government over boat mishap", "text": "GUWAHATI: Muslim Yuva Parishad, Asom, on Monday said the state administration must initiate measures to modernize the state's water transport system within one month. The body's list of demands, coming in the wake of the April 30 Dhubri boat tragedy, also emphasized that the issue of compensation meant for victims' families must not be politicized by any party. The minority body also warned that it will launch an agitation if the administration fails to meet their demands.The parishad organized a prayer meeting at Dighalipulhuri for the victims of the boat mishap. Raju Ahmed, president of Muslim Yuva Parishad, said: \"The state administration has not been able to guarantee safety of the citizens and have failed miserably in executing their duties. It is sad that some political parties are trying to politicize the issue of compensation for the victims.\" Around 100 people had gathered at the prayer meet to offer their condolences and prayers for the victims of the boat tragedy.The organization also criticised chief minister Tarun Gogoi, transport minister Chandan Brahma, Dhubri Member of Parliament Baduruddin Ajmal and the local administration. \"We strongly condemn politicization of the tragedy. The incident took place because of our obsolete water transportation system and this proves shows that the administration has failed the people. We are noticing that the issue is being used for selfish political gains and the politicians, instead of resolving the issue, are trying to get electoral mileage from it. We urge the people to join in our protest against the state administration,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13141678", "title": "Farmers wait for compensation since 4 decades", "text": "WARDHA: In a shocking instance of red-tapism, a group of 33 farmers from this district claims to have been made to run from pillar to post by officials for compensation for over 40 years. The farmers, belonging to Wadgaon, Jangli and Shivangaon villages, say that the public works department had acquired over five hectares of their land for making a road way back in 1970 but has failed to pay them compensation for it till date, despite several pleas to all officials concerned.The PWD had acquired the farmers' lands for the 12-km Hingni-Shivangaon-Kelzer road in 1970. Since then, the department has not disbursed the amount of compensation. The farmers have sent letters to the officers, deputy collector (land acquisition) and executive engineer of PWD, but problems could not be solved.Two farmers, Amar Bais and Sheshrao Pipale, had approached the district land acquisition officer (LAO) on May 9, 2003. Later, some more farmers joined them and sent a letter to the LAO and executive engineer of the PWD, but their pleas went unheard.The farmers were shocked when they came to know that the issue was closed by the government on September 9, 2011. The deputy collector (land acquisition) Shailendra Meshram informed the PWD that the chapter of this road was over.The farmers have demanded an inquiry into the issue. Ramesh Kothare, an affected farmer, said, \"We are poor and we do not have any power. That is why, the officers have ignored our right and our file was closed.\"Another farmer Dhananjay Karnake said that he had knocked the Taluka office and district office several times and the officers repeatedly informed him that they were working on this issue. \"But since last 40 years, we did not get any compensation,\" Karnake claimed.Talking to TOI, deputy collector (land acquisition) Shailendra Meshram said, \"I will send a fresh proposal to the government and ask it to consider the farmers' application. The government could amend the relevant GR in coming assembly session in July.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13142159", "title": "Goa Common Entrance Test result: Goutam wants to pursue electrical engineering", "text": "Curchorem resident and student of Damodar Higher Secondary School of Margao, Goutam Bhat, has emerged the top candidate for the engineering seat in Goa with a combined physics and mathematics score of 145.Goutam, who has scored 74 out of 75 in mathematics and 71 in physics, said, \"A few years from now, I see myself as a very successful engineer,\" The son of Manjanath and Anasooya Bhat credited his tutor Vyankatesh Prabhudesai and physics teacher Amiya Samal of the Aryan Study Circle in Margao for his commendable performance at the Goa Common Entrance Test.While the shy Goutam was restrained in the celebration of his achievement, his mother Ansooya could not contain her happiness. \"I am very proud of my son. I really can't express my feelings. All his hardwork has finally paid off,\" she said emotionally.Ansooya said that her being a housewife helped in providing constant support to her son. She said, \"My husband and I have contributed a lot towards his studies from dropping and picking him up from coaching classes to sometimes even staying up with him late in the night and encouraging him to study. Being a housewife I was always with him and hence could coax him to do better.\"Goutam said that when he is not studying he turns to music to destress.He is now awaiting results of the IITJEE to decide on the institute he wants to get into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13141910", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation gets Rs 20 crore surveillance system", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Very soon, there will be someone to keep an eye on your activities inside the garden. The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) in consultation with the city police has decided to have a CCTV based surveillance system not just for hospital, bridges, railway station outside area but even for eight gardens within the city.Commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra has forwarded a proposal to the standing committee for approval of allocating Rs 20 crore required for the setting up a CCTV based surveillance system. The system will also be installed in eight major garden including Law Garden, Parimal Garden, Prahladnagar Garden, Vastrapur Lake among others.Mohapatra said, \"Initially the AMC wanted to have the surveillance for its own hospital and bridges, but later in consultation with the city police, it was decided that they also include gardens and area outside the railway station in the surveillance.\"He said that apart from the AMC, the police control room will also have access to the surveillance system. AMC has plans to keep the recording for 10 days.Officials said that these areas will be individually monitored. The hospital will have a separate control room, while the bridges and garden will have separate control room.Following the frequent terror alert in the city, the AMC decided to have such surveillance system. Officials said that the AMC has also decided to revive the CCTV surveillance system installed at Kankaria Lake. The AMC already has a system in place at Kankaria lake. However, this was used only during such alerts or during a visit by a VIP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13146372", "title": "IPL spot-fixing: BCCI may suspend guilty players", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cracking the whip, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) may suspend the two players who were caught in a TV sting operation admitting to spot-fixing in IPL.According to Times Now, the BCCI is likely to suspend T Sudhindra and Shalabh Shrivastava from all forms of cricket.Sources added that the decision will be taken in the IPL Governing Council meeting that is scheduled to be held later on Tuesday.On Monday, a sting operation carried out by India TV showed five domestic-level players, representing various IPL franchises, apparently succumbing to the lure of fixing.It showed these players discussing the alleged involvement of IPL captains and even team owners in such activities and engaging in lengthy haggling over the price of bowling a no-ball on demand in the IPL.The players were also seen discussing deals in which IPL owners allegedly pay players sums \"in black\" well beyond the slabs prescribed by the league.The accuracy of the channel's claims or the statements attributed to the players could not be independently verified by TOI.The five players caught on camera include Team Hyderabad pacer T Sudhindra, formerly of the rebel ICL, who is shown confessing to having bowled a no-ball in a domestic game at the TV channel's insistence and boasting that spot-fixing, could be done at any level of Indian cricket, including IPL.Spot-fixing is common but the rates differ according to the standard of the game, the player apparently insisted. Sudhindra was also shown as saying that franchisees were gifting players cars and flats since the IPL had capped remunerations for first-class players.Team Punjab's left-arm pacer Shalabh Shrivastava is another former ICL player apparently caught on camera. He apparently said that franchisees, hampered by the Rs 30 lakh cap on domestic players, were paying some players an additional Rs 70 lakh in black money.He is also seen demanding Rs 10 lakh per no-ball for the IPL and claiming women were being used to befriend players before cajoling them into fixing games. Shrivastava added that \"two or three\" out of 10 players were vulnerable and that \"everyone got offers\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13142629", "title": "Rail over-bridge work suffers as civic body, Bhopal School of Social Sciences blame game on", "text": "BHOPAL: The tug-of-war between the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) and the Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS) continues over land acquisition for the long-awaited rail over-bridge (ROB).The BMC alleged that the BSSS failed to take building permission from the corporation before constructing the college and hostel building.The corporation raised this issue after the college administration reportedly demanded a change in the design of the ROB and refused to demolish the hostel building. Execution of the original design of the ROB would have led to demolition of some portion of the college hostel.The BSSS authorities reportedly objected to the design leading to a controversy between the two.The 20 acre land of the BSSS college was been taken on licence-rent from the Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL), which is renewed every ten years, the BSSS administration said. \"This land was given to the college administration in 1972 on the recommendation of the central government for educational purpose,\" said Father Joseph PP, principle, BSSS College.\"We have allotted the land to the BSSS on licence-rent basis which is renewed after every ten years,\" said BHEL PRO Vinodanand Jha. \"According to our agreement, since the land belongs to the BHEL the college administration has to seek permission from the town and administration department of the BHEL and not the BMC,\" he added.\"We have written to the BHEL administration to take a look into this matter to ensure minimum loss to the college property,\" Fr Joseph added. The college also claims that the corporation should negotiate with the BHEL for the land controversy and not with the college administration regarding any issue related to the ROB.However, the BMC officials said that they have already written to the BHEL seeking details of the BSSS building. \"Twenty days back we wrote a letter to the BHEL seeking details of the land on which the BSSS was constructed,\" said BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava.But, the BHEL denies receiving any such letter from the BMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13144451", "title": "Fishery officer steals Rs 18 Lakh by forgery", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: As many as 745 fishermen were duped of Rs 18 lakh through forged signatures by the fishery extension officer (FEO) of Baliapal block in Balasore district, according to information obtained through RTI.Documents revealed that the FEO, Shyamlal Dutta, did not disburse the amount to the fishermen under a saving-cum-relief scheme during 2007-08 and 2008-09.As per the scheme, the fishermen had to deposit Rs 600 in nine months and the government promised to provide an equal amount to them for three low-income months. The scheme was touted as a lifeline for poor fishermen during lean seasons.\"A large number of fishermen from our village had to return empty handed from the fishery department office several times. Whenever they went to collect the money, the officer told them that the funds had not come for the last two years. We got suspicious and filed an RTI application to know the status of the government funds. We found that the money for two years was taken away by using forged signature of the beneficiaries,\" said Bikas Giri, a social worker in the area.\"We had deposited Rs 1200 for two years, but did not get a single paisa. The FEO had withdrawn all our money by forging our signatures and thumb impressions. We are poor people and depend on the money in lean period. We want our money back from the corrupt officer,\" said Ajay Khanda, a fisherman.Assistant director of fisheries (Balasore) Sashikanta Acharya said, \"The forgery was also pointed out in our internal audit as 'bogus and ambiguous'. After several reminders, the officer submitted the receipts and it was found that not a single signature was genuine. An enquiry was conducted and the beneficiaries also complained that they have not received a single paisa from the FEO. The officer has been kept under suspension. Besides, a police case has also been lodged against him and a departmental proceeding was ordered based on whose report disciplinary action will be taken against him.\" The supervisor of the block is in charge of FEO,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13143440", "title": "Records of 7 sonography centres seized in Barmer", "text": "JAISALMER: In the wake of rise in female feticide cases, Jaisalmer and Barmer district administrations are raiding sonography centres for conducting sex determination tests.Records of seven such centres were seized in the Barmer district on Monday.Barmer city SDM C R Devasi said following directions from the state government, the district administration under the CM's 'Beti Bachao' campaign is clamping down on centres carrying out sex determination tests,The inspection team included PCPNDT cell's district coordinator Vikram Singh among other officials.The offenders were given a warning and were asked to get Form F filled by every woman undergoing sonography.The inspection team included Barmer SDO CL Devasi, PCPNDT district coordinator Vikram Singh including many other people. Team told the cnetre owners not to do sex determnatino on any cost as it is a crime and if they do then strict action will be taken under PCPNDT Act. They have asked the sonography centres to register the name of pregnant women , address of their family members, mobile phone numbers, so that it can be checked randomly. He said that sudden inspection was conducted on seven centres under CM's Beti Bachao campaign and centre owners have been instructed not to conduct sex determination test. On the other hand, Barmer SP Rahul Barhat has started Beti Bachao campaign and has started from the police force of Barmer.Barhat said that on Saturday all police officers and jawans of Barmer district were administered oath that they will make all possible efforts to stop female foeticide and will start creating public awareness.He said that the child sex ratio has got disturbed due to the increasing cases of female foeticide in the district and reform is must.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13143024", "title": "TCS, Infosys to hold survey by May-end in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Months after allotment of lands to Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and Infosys Limited at the Super Corridor here, IT giants are likely to start survey for their upcoming centres by this month end.Indore Development Authourity (IDA) has given 100 acre of land to TCS and 130 acres of land to Infosys at Super Corridor for setting up IT centres.Recently a team of TCS executives had visited the city and held discussions with the senior officials in relation to their upcoming project in the city. \"TCS will start survey for their project by the end of the month,\" said an official close to the matter. He further said that IT giants will start work on their project soon.The project was initially delayed due to difficulties in acquisition of land. However, IDA managed to hand over the land to IT giants after initial hiccups. But their was no activity from the companies after allotment of land, which had fuelled rumors that companies has postponed their project in the city.Meanwhile, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has also agreed to supply 40 MLD of water to Super Corridor. Estimate suggests that around 3 lakh people will reside along Super Corridor after a few years and they will require nearly 40 MLD water.Initially IMC was reluctant to supply water as it was not in position to expand on laying water pipeline. Later IDA agreed to pay for the cost of laying 8 km long water pipeline that will cost around Rs 10 crore after which IMC agreed to provide water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13142854", "title": "Manohar Parrikar refutes Reginaldo's 'communal' charge", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikzar has blasted Curtorim Congress MLA Reginaldo Lourenco for not getting his facts right while accusing him (Parrikar) of being communal for not appointing Dr Ruando De Sa as the director of health services.On May 12, Lourenco told mediapersons that Parrikar faltered on zero tolerance to corruption and in practicing secularism. Lourenco accused the Parrikar government of 'discrimination against the Catholic community' by not appointing Dr Ruando De Sa as the director of health services.\"When Reginald and the Congress government were in power for seven years, why did Reginald not fight to give the post of DHS director to Dr De Sa? For five years, Dr Rajnanda Desai was the director of DHS but Reginaldo kept quiet. He is talking now only when I became the chief minister.\" Parrikar said in a telephonic conversation with TOI.Parrikar said he is aware that Dr Ruando De Sa is a \"good doctor and a gentleman\" and that is why he did consider Dr De Sa for the post of DHS director. \"But according to the records maintained by the Congress government, he is next in seniority to Dr Dalvi and hence could not be made the director,\" Parrikar said.But the most important reason why Dr Ruando de Sa could not be appointed DHS director is because he is retiring in July, Parrikar said. \"I can't appoint a head of department only for three months and then start looking for a new man all over again. The department will not be served in any way in this exercise,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13142143", "title": "Elections for 184 panchayats tomorrow", "text": "PANAJI: A total of 184 village panchayats in Goa will go to the polls on Wednesday, to elect representatives to the grassroots bodies. Public campaigning by candidates ended on Monday evening.Goa has a total of 189 panchayats. Elections to Taleigao, Alorna, Chandel-Hassapur and Casarvanem panchayats will be held later since they are not due yet. Elections to Calangute panchayat were postponed to May 21 due to irregularities in the electoral roll.Already, 19 members-nine in North Goa and 10 in South Goa-have been elected unopposed. In North Goa, four members were elected unopposed in Bardez, three in Sattari and two in Pernem. In South Goa, four were elected unopposed in Salcete and three each in Quepem and Canacona.The 11-member panchayat of Penha da Franca in Bardez has 79 contesting candidates, the highest in Goa. The panchayats of Rachol in Salcete and Nadora in Bardez have 11 contesting candidates-the least in Goa. Both panchayats have five wards.The highest number of contesting candidates for a single ward is in Rumdamoll (Salcete), where ward number six has 18 contesting candidates. This is followed by Karapur-Sarvan panchayat in Bicholim where ward number nine has 16 contestants.State election commissioner M Modassir told media persons that the state election machinery is geared up to conduct the elections on Wednesday. \"There has been no untoward incident related to elections anywhere in Goa. We look forward to peaceful and incident-free elections,\" Modassir said.Nevertheless over 2,500 police personnel will be deployed to maintain law and order on election day. About 6,000 polling personnel will leave for the polling booths they have been assigned to on Tuesday evening. About 40 booths have been identified as sensitive.INFOGRAPHICPoll StatsVillage panchayats: 184Number of wards: 1,472Number of candidates: 6,376Number of voters: 7,20,015Voting date: May 16Timing for voting: 8am to 5pmCounting of votes at 21 centres: May 17 and 18 from 8am", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143174", "title": "UPA\u2019s reduced state govts to civic bodies, Badal says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal on Monday slammed the Centre for its anti-federal approach in the planning process, accusing the UPA government of reducing state governments to \"dignified municipal corporations\".During a meeting at the Planning Commission, Badal blamed the Centre for forcing states to implement plans framed at the top, leading to failure of government schemes.Upset with the plan panel's criticism of the state's deteriorating fiscal health, the CM told the panel's top brass that the Centre was adopting a \"unitary form\" of governance and the current model of planning had evident pitfalls, which had failed to address problems such as poverty even after 65 years of independence.According to a source present in the meeting, Badal went to the extent of saying that Punjab continued to suffer in central preferences even as all three key functionaries involved in the planning process - prime minister Manmohan Singh , plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and MoS planning Ashwani Kumar -- hailed from the state.The meeting finalized Rs 14,000 crore plan outlay for Punjab for the current fiscal, which is an increase of 22% over the last year (2011-12).Demanding immediate de-centralization of the planning process, Badal told the commission about his government's resolve to set up a Planning Board in the state.Joining ranks with non-Congress CMs in attacking UPA, Badal said centralized planning had brought the country to the brink of an explosive situation in which one-third of the country was afflicted by conditions of insurgency, Maoism and other forms of violence.Accusing the UPA of step-motherly treatment of the state, the CM said in spite of repeated pleas, no action was taken on re-payment of Rs 7,460 crore from the Food Corporation India. He said Rs 380 crore spent by the state for lighting the border areas with Pakistan had also not been reimbursed by the Centre.Badal blamed the Centre for its failure to check drug trafficking from Congress-ruled Rajasthan and Pakistan border. \"Why are you blaming us? Rajasthan is ruled by the Congress and the Wagah border is controlled by the Centre,\" Badal said at the meeting.In a bid to pacify Badal, Ahluwalia assured him of helping build a cancer hospital in the state's Malwa region. It was also decided to send a team of plan panel officials to tour the state to study the steady depletion of water level in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13144156", "title": "Give winner his due, retail chain told", "text": "BANGALORE : When 26-year-old Shakti Singh Shekhawat , a resident of Kengeri , bought a refrigerator and an LCD TV from a leading retailoutletin May 2010, noteven in his wildest dream did he think he'd get a 2-BHK flat free . He'd filled in a lucky draw coupon and was declared the first prize winner . He was supposed to get a house as promised , but what followed was a long legal battle in the consumer court .The 1st additional District Consumer Redressal Forum ended his ordeal on April 26 , 2012 and directed the managing director , Pantaloon Retail India , which owns Big Bazaar and its zonal office in Bangalore , to either register a 2-BHK flat in Shekhawat's name within 30 days or pay him Rs15lakhwithinterest at 12% p.a. (from June 26 , 2010, when he won the lucky draw ) within 60 days . The court also directed the respondents to pay Rs 2,000 as cost of litigation to Shekhawat .\"It is established that the complainant had purchased a LCD TV and refrigerator from the opposite party (Big Bazaar , Mysore Road ). For the purchase , a lucky draw was announced on June 26 , 2010 and the complainant has won 2-BHK Flat in the FutureG roup shopping festival .Theopposite parties in the e-mails also confirm this. But it is also established that no flat is registered or no flat is delivered to the complainant ,\" observed the forum .A bench of HV Ramachandra Rao and Niveditha J further wrote in the order : \"Thecomplainantwas askedtosubmitthe location , the measurement , the boundaries of the flat before this Forum , but he is unable to submit these details . Without those details , how can this Forum order registration of any particular flat in favour of the complainant ? In any event , under these circumstances if we direct the opposite parties to register a 2-BHK flat or in the alternative to pay certain compensation we think that will meet the ends of justice.\"The Case HistoryShekhawat had made the purchases from the retail outlet on Mysore Road on May 8, 2010. In the lucky draw contest attached , he was declared a winner of a 2-BHK Flat and the announcement about it was also made in the newspaper on June 26 , 2010. Shekhawat made a request on August 9, 2010 in this regard to which the retail outlet confirmed him as winner , but stated the flat was under construction . Shekhawat sent several reminders and sent a notice on December 20, 2011, but the flat was neither registered nor delivered . He then moved the consumer court early this year .The court notedThe managing director, Pantaloon India (Retail) Ltd, engaged the service of an advocate on March 24, 2012, did not file its pleadings or contested the matter. The zonal office and manager, sales remained absent though served notice. The complainant filed his affidavit on 13.04.2012. Hence the matter was heard and posted for orders.'Nothing to say'Kishore Biyani, CEO, Future Group, said: \"I don't have knowledge about this court order. You can get in touch with our zonal office in Bangalore for their version.\" Rajesh Rana, head, corporate communication, Future Group, told TOI he was awaiting a reply from his legal cell. He added: \" I don't have anything to say about this issue at this point of time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13145431", "title": "Orissa High Court rejects government plea on Chudamani port", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Orissa High Court on Monday threw water on the state government's move to allow a private industrial house to construct a port at Chudamani in Bhadrak district even as the government's whole policy on port development is currently under judicial scrutiny.The high court bench comprising Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B N Mohapatra rejected the government's prayer and said the restriction it imposed earlier asking the government not to sign MoUs or concession agreements for port constructions would continue. The hearing on government's separate petition on Chudamani port was completed in October last year and the judgment reserved. The government had contended that it be permitted to go ahead with concession agreement with the proposed Chudamani port developer as the life of its MoU with the later would expire on October 30. The court did not buy the argument.Odisha has identified 14 potential places for ports. While work on two at Dhamra and Gopalpur is nearly over, all others are virtually in the drawing board stage. The other ports are proposed at Bichitrapur, Subarnarekha river mouth, Bahabalpur, Chandipur, Inchudi (all in Balasore district), Chudamani (Bhadrak district), Barunei river mouth (Kendrapada district), Jatadhari mouth (Jagatsinghpur district), Astaranga, Baliharachandi (Puri district), Palur, Bahuda river mouth (Ganjam district).The government invited trouble and became the butt of public suspicion of a scam when it signed MoUs with private industrial houses without going for the transparency method of international bidding. Environment activist Biswajit Mohanty first asked the chief minister Naveen Patnaik to order a CBI inquiry into the pacts being made with private companies. He alleged kickbacks in the deals and said bypassing the open international bidding method would deny the government huge revenue. Finding Naveen not responding Mohanty moved the high court with a PIL in April 2011. Mohanty said the government decision was arbitrary and lacks transparency. The HC after hearing the PIL ordered interim stay on government signing MoUs and concessional agreements with port developers till further order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141684", "title": "Potato prices pinch hard", "text": "NEW DELHI: Snacking on the samosa is no longer the sasta option. Its core ingredient, potato, has been added to the ever increasing list of 'unaffordables' with its average wholesale price having gone up by 150% since January. Azadpur mandi officials say production at the end of 2011 was so much that a lot of the crop went waste. The plantation in January came down consequently and though there is no shortage, prices are up.In January, the average cost of a kilogram of potato in the mandi was Rs 4. Next month, it rose slightly to about Rs 4.50. By March-end, the cost had risen to Rs 7 per kg while April saw it climb even higher to Rs 10.13. According to the latest figures from Azadpur mandi for May 9, the average cost of a kilogram of potato is Rs 10.25 while the most expensive variety costing about Rs 12 per kg. In the retail market, the same amount can be purchased for anything between Rs 20 and Rs 25.\"In November and December, potato production had gone up manifold and a lot of it rotted in godowns. Even then, prices came down substantially as there was such a flood of potato in the market. Consequently, farmers decided to move to other crops and the next plantation in January came down. Compared to the last plantation, the production this time is much lower but there is no shortage of the vegetable. Even now, about 100 trucks arrive at the mandi of which 10-20 trucks remain unsold. But because of the general perception of a lower produce, the costs have gone up,\" said Rajender Bhatia, chairman, Delhi Agricultural Marketing Board.Prices started climbing around end-March as that was the period when the fresh produce entered the market. \"Delhi gets its supply from Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana. These states also supply to most of north India,\" said a source.Aarti Sharma, who runs a hostel in south Delhi, purchases her vegetables in bulk from a retailer who gives her a discount over retail rates. Despite this, she says, her vegetable bill has risen massively over the past few months. \"I am purchasing potatoes for Rs 16 per kg from my vendor while the market rate is about Rs 20-22 per kg in Gautam Nagar. I have observed an approximately 30% rise in vegetable prices since the beginning of this year,\" she said.Vandana Agarwal, a resident of IP Extension, said: \"There is no difference between the retailers and the bigger fruit and vegetable chains. Prices have gone up equally at both places. Cauliflower is worth Rs 40 per kg while bottlegourd is Rs 24. Onions and tomatoes are worth Rs 15 and Rs 40 per kg, respectively.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142341", "title": "CM sends anniversary book back for rework", "text": "KOLKATA: In her role as an editor, chief minister Mamata Banerjee seems to be getting more particular about her prize publication, a book on her government's achievements during the first year.When the first prints reached her, the CM wasn't impressed much. On the contrary, she almost had a fit looking at the 'hurried' job of the compilation that is meant to find a place of pride in the book shelves of Kolkatans and select readers across the country.Not pleased with the work, she hauled up all those, whom she had entrusted with the publication of the book, and told them to rework on the book, rewrite the matter and resend the manuscript for printing. Fortunately, she had managed to do the proofread just before the final pages were to be sent to the government-owned Saraswati Press.After penning through the material, a fresh group of officers were chosen to piece together the soft copies and then send the hard copies to the chief minister again. Some senior officials were assigned to supervise the editing and production.Perhaps one of the biggest howlers was the chapter compiled by the information and cultural affairs (I&CA;) department. Ironically, the department, that is anchoring the job, had thought it fit to provide some highlights of its own achievements. Each point was elaborated in single paragraph and the phrasing was very poor. The chief minister herself looks after this department.The same was with health, which again has Mamata Banerjee as its minister-in-charge. The success stories relating to health came in the form of mere pointers. But then, the achievements were not backed with adequate data or statistics. At the CM's insistence, several crucial statistics on the child mortality rate dropping in West Bengal as per records available with the Union ministry of health , were added.The power department, for instance, had begun its documentation with pie charts which, according to a source, wouldn't have made much sense for ordinary readers. This was reworked so that the pie charts are preceded by running sentences with proper information on the new government's success in the health sector.Of course, reworking on a chunk of the 160-odd pages of the document in the final hour has meant a huge stress on the officials.The book is supposed to be released by the chief minister on May 20, when her government completes one year in the office (after the 34-year Left rule ended on May 13). Replete with pictures of historic moments like Mamata's swearing-in, her meeting with US secretary of state Hillary Clinton , snapshots with Sachin Tendulkar , Sharmila Tagore and the state's brand ambassador Shah Rukh Khan, officials are working overtime to bring out the government's best publication so far.The book will have a snazzy cover and a glossy appearance. \"It's going to be an object of pride. It's quite natural for the CM to be touchy about the content,\" said an official. The spell-checks are being run and re-run.Editor Mamata Banerjee is rather too finicky about her prize publication: the book on her government's achievement during its first one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13146195", "title": "Anurag Kashyap spends 15 crores on the cast", "text": "To say that Gangs Of Wasseypur boasts of a lot of actors will be an understatement. This will perhaps be one film where the credit list runs longer than a full-fledged song and dance sequence.The film has over 350 prominent actors and Anurag Kashyap has ended up spending around Rs 10-15 crore as remuneration to the cast.The filmmaker, who has so far made films on small budgets, confirmed the story and added, \"Gangs of Wasseypur is not an expensive film per se. But yes, it is my most expensive film. That is not saying much as my film budgets are usually very small. We have a huge list of actors who have worked in the movie and that entailed some cost. We have accomplished actors in the film even for relatively smaller roles. There is no flashiness but yes there is scale and there is ambition inherent in the film.\"A source from the production house told Mirror, \"For Anurag, it's a big high. He has so far made films on really tight budgets. He got very little support from the industry. The free hand that he got while working on this project gave him enough confidence to go ahead and hire so many actors. It was just for one schedule and the actors were paid according to their experience.\"\"The cost is justified as the money invested is for two films (part 1 and 2) of Gangs of Wasseypur. The film is about Coal Mafia in Dhanbad. The first parts cover the time period between 1941 to 1990, part 2 is the period after that,\" added the source.This film is also Anurag's first ever commercial venture and will be screened at the 65th Cannes Film Festival in the Director's Fortnight section.Produced by Anurag Kashyap and Sunil Bohra, the film is slated for a June 22 release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13145661", "title": "Midday meal debut in Lohardaga madrassa", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Madrassa Hasmat-ur-Raza, one of the oldest madrassas established in 1981 in Maoist-hit Senha block, becomes the second such institute in the district to be included in the midday meal scheme on Monday.Block development officer (BDO) Nirmal Soren and block education extension officer (BEEO) Salay Soren jointly launched the MDM programme followed by a function at the school. The officials inaugurated the scheme by serving food to the madrassa boys and girls who were excited over the launch of the scheme. The children washed their hands with soap and sat in proper queues on mats for lunch.\"The children are well-disciplined and full of positive energy with dedication to do better for the country and themselves as they proved their talents in educational, cultural and religious fields equally,\" said the BDO.The BEEO asked the teachers and management of the madrassa to take proper care in providing quality meal under the scheme. They also inaugurated a computer lab in the school. The Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) has also provided three computers, tables, a photocopier machine, shelf, rack, printer, a soundless generator and has also made a computer cabin in this government-registered madrassa that has also been provided three resource teachers recently.\"DSE Farhana Khatoon has been taking great interest in uplifting education in madrassas. In her last period of posting in 2007, she had started the MDM scheme in Madrassa Dinia Rasidia near Monday market in Lohardaga town. Later, this madrassa, taken under the MDM scheme, was provided modern education equipment as the Senha madrassa was given on Monday,\" said Safirullah Hussain, the head priest (principal) of Senha madrassa.He said the madrassa was registered with the government in 1989. Boys and girls get education up to Class VIII here. Apart from Islamic education, they are also taught other general subjects like maths, science, English, Urdu and social studies. The school has seven regular teachers and three resource teachers to teach 172 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13142183", "title": "Another engineering college in Assagao", "text": "PANAJI: Goa is set to get another engineering college in the new academic year at Assagao as the proposal for Fr Agnel's Engineering College is pending approval of the All India Council for Technical Education. If the college gets the approval, the number of engineering seats in Goa will go up by another 180.\"The directorate of technical education has received a proposal from Fr Agnel Institute to set up an engineering college at Assagao,\" director for technical education, Vivek Kamat, said. The college will offer mechanical, electronic and computer engineering streams with an intake of 60 seats each. Goa already has 1,103 engineering seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13143654", "title": "Head of mutt, wife commit suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: The head of the Eachanari Kachiyappar Madalayam Mutt, established in 1976, and his wife committed suicide in Eachanari on Monday night by consuming poison. The mutt had conducted One Lakh Eight Thiruvilakku poojas in February. The head of the mutt had apparently borrowed huge sums of money to conduct the poojas. Unable to repay the debt, the couple committed suicide, police said.The victims have been identified as G Sadacharavel Swamigal, 36 and his wife S Shenbagam, 32. Lord Muruga is the main deity of the mutt. He had conducted 108 Gomatha Poojas in 2009.Sadacharavel Swamigal had approached several persons for financial aid to help in repay the debt in time. Unable to meet his commitment, the couple decided to commit suicide.The couple had consumed poison and was found dead at the mutt campus on Monday evening. Immediately, the devotees of the mutt informed the Podanur police who rushed to the spot and sent the bodies to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kochi/new delhi", "code": "13142588", "title": "DGCA may cancel pilots' licences", "text": "Kochi/NEW DELHI: The licences of 11 office-bearers of the Indian Pilots Guild (IPG) may be suspended or cancelled depending on their reply to the show-cause notice issued to them by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), said E K Bharat Bhushan, its director-general, in Kochi on Monday.\"Air India had terminated the 11 office-bearers of IPG for irresponsible conduct and the company had approached DGCA asking us to cancel their licences. I have issued show-cause notices to those pilots giving them seven days to reply. If their reasons are not satisfactory, we will either suspend or cancel their licences,\" Bhushan said.Earlier, delivering a lecture at the Kerala Management Association's function, Bhushan referred to the striking pilots as \"a group holding the country to ransom\".In another development, the government refused to hold talks with the pilots till they resumed work, as harried passengers got no respite with 14 international flights being cancelled. \"As the pilots are not ready to call off their strike and join work, we have cancelled 14 international flights from Delhi and Mumbai,\" an Air India official said. Hundreds of passengers were stranded following the flight cancellations.The pilots, who are who are on strike since Tuesday, are not ready to relent from their stand until their demands are met. They have also refused to accept civil aviation minister Ajit Singh's call to come to the negotiating table after withdrawing their strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13143710", "title": "'Visa curbs to hit another Manmohan'", "text": "LONDON: The restrictions imposed on student visas by the David Cameron government may prevent the next generation of world leaders such as Manmohan Singh , Benazir Bhutto or Bill Clinton from coming to Britain to study, the head of a leading think-tank said.Criticizing the Cameron government for restrictions on student visas, the Institute of Public Policy Research (IPPR) said in a report that students from India and other non-EU countries should not be categorized as immigrants since most of them leave the country after studies.Nick Pearce, director of IPPR, said: \"Will next generation of world leaders, like Manmohan Singh, Benazir Bhutto or Bill Clinton , be educated in the UK if the government restrict the flow of students to worldclass universities?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143096", "title": "Woman dies as cops take their own time taking her to hospital", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police indifference towards the plight of the common man was on full display on Monday evening when a 25-year-old woman, who set herself ablaze right at the doorsteps of the Charminar police station, collapsed after suffering major burns and was shifted to hospital only after a full 40 minutes. Some of the cops were even seen taking pictures of the woman even as a big crowd gathered to watch the 'spectacle.' The woman succumbed at the Osmania General Hospital with 90 per cent burns.The victim was identified as Ramzan Bi, a footpath-dweller near Mecca Masjid. According to Charminar inspector Shyam Babu, the woman was addicted to sniffing whitener, petrol, while her husband Khader is an auto driver. The victim used to seek alms in the surrounding areas of the mosque and sleep in front of shops opposite the place of worship.On Monday at about 5.15 pm, Ramzan Bi set herself ablaze using petrol while sitting right in front of Charminar. Shocked passersby started screaming for help and nearby shopkeepers quickly doused the flames by throwing water.After a long delay, police shifted Ramzan to Osmania General Hospital in an auto where she succumbed to injuries at about 6.15 pm. Though the incident happened right in front of the police station, located a stone's throw away from Charminar, it took police about 40 minutes to shift the victim to OGH.However, the Charminar inspector claimed they responded fast and shifted the victim to hospital in readily available transport without waiting for an ambulance. \"It took time to reach the hospital due to heavy traffic and crowded streets,\" the inspector said. Police are yet to ascertain the reason for the suicide. A case was booked under Section 174 (suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13144190", "title": "Define minority for Right to Education: Schools", "text": "BANGALORE: Who belongs to a minority? What does the law say about it as far as schools are concerned? When does the government plan to decode this term? These were some questions the Karnataka (recognized) Unaided Schools Management's Association (KUSMA) asked the government on Monday.The association demanded a deferral of the implementation of the Right to Education Act to the next academic year because the government hasn't defined the term 'minority' yet.The association, which has over 1,800 member schools, said if the government forced them to implement the Act, it will not be left with any other option but to shut down schools. KUSMA cited the example of a school having bilingual members on its board. The Constitution declares that a minority could be a religious or a linguistic one. This would lead to confusion whether a school is a minority one or not.Soumya Ramesh, secretary, Gnanaganga Vidyapeeta , an unaided private school, and KUSMA member , said all they want is a clear demarcation of minority and non-minority institutions to ensure proper admissions.Sibal against toonsUnder attack over the cartoon row, HRD minister Kapil Sibal acknowledged that cartoons on politicians should not find a place in textbooks as they influence the impressionable minds of students.Minority definition variesBANGALORE : The 25% quota for the poor under the Right to Education (RTE)Actcould run into a roadblock with the Karnataka (recognized ) Unaided Schools Management's Association (KUSMA ) demanding a clear definition of the term , minority . KUSMA , with 1,800 schools, says the defintion of the term , minority , is not uniform . Principal education secretary G Kumar Naiksaidthe governmentisworking on the definition of a minority .A Mariyappa , secretary , KUSMA , said in Tumkur district , one school comprising members of a sub-division of the Veerashaiva sect has been treated as a minority whereas in Gulbarga , the same sect is a non-minority . In Mangalore district , Tulu Governing Council members have been denied minority status because the government says those talking in Tulu are deemed to be Kannada speakers . \"This is utter arbitrariness ,'' he said .\"In the absenceof a specific rule , some minority institutions could be deprivedof this status andwillbeinevitably exempted . The very purpose of free and compulsory education to every child is lost. RTE can't be applied tillthe governmentoutlinesthebasic rule ,\" he said . KUSMA believes that half of all private unaided schools in Karnataka could gain 'minority' status if the term is defined fairly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13146153", "title": "3 Idiots\u2019 Chatur turns director", "text": "After making a stellar debut in Rajkumar Hirani's 3 Idiots, Omi Vaidya is the latest actorturned-director in Bollywood.Rumour had it that Vaidya's directorial debut will belong to the comic genre. However, a source close to the actor revealed that his first film will be from a totally different genre. It will be a thriller.\"Omi had an idea for the longest time and finally penned it down. He is in talks with several production houses. He is done with the scripting. Hopefully, the film will go on floors this year. Omi will also be acting in the film along with two other actors. Though the cast hasn't been finalised yet, there is a possibility of seeing fresh faces,\" the source said.Currently in the US, Vaidya is doing a short course on filmmaking. Needless to say, Omi isn't taking his director's role too lightly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "13143381", "title": "Previous enmity leads to killing of panchayat president", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: A panchayat president was hacked to death on Monday morning by an armed gang near Vathrayiruppu in Virudhunagar district.P Suresh, the 36-year-old panchayat president of Keelagopalapuram was chased by the gang when he was inspecting the recently auctioned village tank at Krishnankovilputhur. Police said that one person has been arrested while a search is on for five others. Police attributed the murder to a previous enmity.During the local body elections last year, Suresh had contested against the nephew of Karuthapandian, who is the prime suspect in the case, police said. There was friction among Karuthapandian and Suresh, who belonged to the same caste. They even quarreled in public in the run up to the elections as Karuthapandian had allegedly asked Suresh to withdraw from contesting the elections. However, Suresh contested and trounced Karuthapandian's nephew Prabakaran and won the elections, leading to further mounting of tension between the two.On Monday, Suresh was walking along the village tank that was recently taken in auction by his relative. The unidentified gang intercepted Suresh and started assaulting him. Suresh attempted to run away from the gang but was chased and hacked indiscriminately leaving him dead in a pool of blood. The gang then dragged his body to an isolated spot near the tank and left there.Few villagers who walked past the area sometime later noticed the body and informed the police. Tension gripped the village in the aftermath as angry relatives of Suresh demanded the immediate arrest of the assailants. The villagers then thronged the Srivillipthur government hospital where Suresh's body was kept.Police initially suspected that a rivalry in auctioning the tank might have been the cause of attack on Suresh, but investigations have revealed that it was pre-poll enmity. \"We have arrested Thanga Mariappan, cited as second accused and a close associate of prime accused Karuthapandian. We will nab the other accused soon,\" a police officer said.Suresh had survived a murder attempt on him only in April this year. Pandiarajan from the same village attempted to assault him with a sickle, but Suresh managed to escape. Pandiarajan was subsequently arrested and lodged in the prison. Police are inquiring whether Pandiarajan too has any role in the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143550", "title": "4 CISF jawans from Rajasthan killed by Maoists in Dantewada", "text": "JAIPUR: Four out of six Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) jawans, who were killed in an ambush by Maoists in Chhattisgarh's Dantewada district on Sunday, hailed from the state. Out of four jawans, three were from the outskirts of Jaipur. The families of the victims are yet to receive the bodies which are expected late on Monday night. Their last rites will be performed at their respective villages on Tuesday.A pall of gloom descended on Baskho village, about 20 km from here, as it has lost two of its sons. The deceased included constable Ashok Verma (25) and constable Kailash Chand Meena (25).Two other victims are constable Prakash Chand Meena (24) of Jamwaramgarh (25 km from here) and constable Ranjit Singh of Bharatpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13143307", "title": "Laugh &amp; the world laughs with you", "text": "PATNA: A guffaw a day keeps doctor away. Not surprisingly, Patnaites are taking to laughter yoga like never before. The number of laughter clubs in the city has swelled ten times in the last five years, and so have their members. Even before dawn, people from all walks of life and different age groups start streaming into various parks, including Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park. For them, the day starts with either a 'Surya namaskar' or exercise, yoga, morning walk and daily chit-chat, ending with an hourlong laughter session.\"Our number has swelled up from 10 to 100 in the last 15 years. This group assembles at my lawn at 5 am. Together we interact, sing, clap, share our feelings and also do some yoga and other exercises, followed by spells of laughter with each member encouraging others to laugh to their heart's fill,\" said retired professor Bachchu Sinha, president of one such laughing club formed at Rajendra Nagar here in 1997.\"Most of our club members are senior citizens. However, there are also a good number of middle-aged people in our club,\" Pankaj Kumar, a member of another laughter club in S K Puri, said.\"People must create opportunities to laugh,\" Harihar Sharma, a septuagenarian and a member of a laughter club for the last ten years, said.Geeta Sinha, along with her husband, has been a member of the laughter club at Rajendra Nagar for the past 15 years. \"Earlier, I used to feel a bit odd. But, now, we are used to laughing. Now, all of us can laugh for more than half-an-hour without any reason,\" she said. The sexagenarian couple said, \"Shared laughter is one of the most effective ways for keeping relationships fresh.\"Though kids are not very keen, youngsters here are getting attracted to laughter yoga. Arpit Singh and Govind Jha, two college friends residing at Boring Road, regularly go for morning walk. They formed their own laughter group with their batch-mates a few months back. Explaining the reason, Govind said, \"Earlier, we used to regularly watch people laughing at Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park. This concept appealed me as watching them I also used to laugh and felt it was a 'positive infectious disease'. I also I felt some positive changes in my temperament.\" Arpit said, \"Laughter helped me a lot in distressing during my exams.\"Laughter has always been the best medicine. According to psychiatrists, laughing with others is more beneficial than laughing alone. \"Laughter relaxes the whole body. A good and hearty laugh relieves physical tension and relax your muscles,\" said Dr Mukesh Kumar, a psychiatrist.\"Laughter can make you look younger, too. It strengthens the body's immune system. More than 70% of the diseases are somehow or the other related to stress. They include high blood pressure , heart disease, liver disease, asthma , depression , insomnia , anxiety and allergies ,\" said, Dr D K Srivastava, a physician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13144846", "title": "State govt will review the list of minority schools", "text": "MANGALORE: The state government is contemplating reviewing the list of unaided minority institutions in Karnataka to bring more schools under the purview of Right to Education Act 2009.According to the Supreme Court order, unaided schools with minority status do not come under the purview of the RTE act.Minister for primary and secondary education Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri told TOI that the government will issue a circular to deputy directors of the department of public instructions asking them to review the list of minority schools.\"The problem persists in all parts of the state. We are in the process of assessing minority status given to schools in the state. We are in consultations with all stakeholders on the issue,\" the minister added.Kageri, who was in Mangalore on a private visit, asserted that the act will be implemented effectively from the forthcoming academic year.\"There will be no obstacles and the act will be implemented without any hassles,\" he added.Meanwhile, admission forms to seats reserved for poor children in class I have already been dispatched to schools. Parents have to submit filled application forms before May 25 and the selection process will be over by June 10.In Dakshina Kannada district, out of 268 unaided primary schools, 114 have obtained the minority tag. While 60 unaided schools in the district are run by Christian institutions, 46 belong to Muslim managements. Gowda Saraswat Brahmin community has five schools while Jain, Malayali and Gujarati organizatins have one school each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "13143644", "title": "Nepal plane crash kills 15, seven were from Mumbai", "text": "KATHMANDU: Two Indian children aged nine and six were pulled out alive along with their father and three others from the wreckage of a small plane that crashed near a tricky airport around 2,600m above sea level in northern Nepal on Monday, killing 15 of the 21 people on board, mostly Indians.Officials said 13 Indians were killed in the crash, including the mother of the two. Seven of them were from Mumbai and one from Hyderabad. It is unclear where the rest were from and the airline didn't identify the dead.Kathmandu's Indian embassy identified three Indian survivors as Tirumala Kidambi Sreekanth, Tirumala Kidambi Sreevardhini (9) and Tirumala Kidambi Sreepada (6). They were airlifted to the tourist town of Pokhara for treatment with other survivors -two Danes and a Nepalese airhostess.Pedder Road family loses couple &amp; sonAmong the victims of the Agni Air crash in northern Nepal are three members of the Arora family of Pedder Road. Kamal Arora, who ran an imitation jewellery business with a turnover of Rs 2,000 crore, his wife Menaka and son Shivkumar died while on summer vacation. The couple is survived by two daughters. The bodies will be brought home to Mumbai on Tuesday.'Plane probably lost balance'Officials of Kathmandu's Tribhuvan International airport said the pilot of the Agni Air Dornier 9N AIG aborted landing at the Jomsom airport at the last moment and tried to return to Pokhara, about 60km away due to a technical problem.The plane ploughed into the ground while it was trying to ascend. \"The pilot had reported a warning light flashing in the cockpit as he descended to Jomsom. The aircraft seems to have lost balance,\" said B L Karna of rescue coordination committee at Tribhuvan airport.The crash was the second deadly air disaster involving the airline in less than two years and the fifth in Nepal in less than two years.Danish survivors, Emilie Joergensen and Andreas Rasch, said they had to climb over \"hands and arms\" to get out of the plane. \"We were thrown around. We were squeezed between seats and bodies,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13145663", "title": "Minor denied bail in Shirke murder case", "text": "PUNE: The Pune juvenile justice board president Shezad Parvez rejected the regular bail plea of a 17-year-old boy allegedly involved in the kidnapping and murder of 15-year-old Shubham Shirke, on Monday.The board considered the report of the probationary officer, which said that the boy was involved in a serious crime and that there was a threat to his life if he was released on bail.Shirke was allegedly abducted and murdered by three friends, including two minors, who had demanded a ransom of Rs 50,000 on March 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13143478", "title": "Kinan Village Development Committee villages set to boycott militants", "text": "GUWAHATI: After banning liquor in 84 remote villages in lower Assam's Kamrup district bordering Meghalaya, these hamlets under the jurisdiction of Kinan Village Development Committee (KVDC) have now vowed to resist militant activities in the area which is frequently used by Ulfa and GNLA members.Community leaders representing 84 gram sabhas will formally join hands on Wednesday in Kinan village to resist insurgent activities including extortion, passage of rebels through their villages and providing shelter to them.\"We are going to officially make the announcement on Wednesday. Besides chalking out plans to provide vocational education to our economically backward villages, we will make clarion call to the villagers to boycott militants\", said Benedict Areng, president of the KVDC.These 84 gram sabhas along the Assam-Meghalaya border have already prohibited sale and consumption of liquor. Though the gram sabhas have imposed a fine of Rs 500 on anybody found drinking, they have made relaxations in consumption of rice beer -a traditional beverage prepared by tribals in these villages. \"Consumption of rice beer is permitted on some occasions after due permission from the gram sabhas,\" said a villager.The All India Prohibition Council has lauded the decision of the 84 gram sabhas and the council's additional general secretary Bhanwar Singh Choudhury recently wrote to chief minister Tarun Gogoi urging him to take measures to expedite developmental activities in the area not far away from the state capital.Meanwhile, Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi Educational Campus, Kinan village, conducted a survey among 400 people in 10 villages in the area, where it found that all 10 villages are yet to get 108 ambulance service provided by the government.The survey stated that 95% people in these 10 villages do not know about the Internet and 92% have never even heard of computers. Around 86% of the villagers surveyed do not know about electricity and another 27 per cent are yet to see a motor vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13142832", "title": "Goa Shipyard Ltd cuts steel for advanced offshore patrol vessels", "text": "VASCO: The first steel cutting ceremony to mark the commencement of the series construction of the new class offshore patrol vessels (OPVs) for the Indian Coast Guard was held at Goa Shipyard Ltd on May 14.The steel cutting ceremony for the first of the vessels comes just six days after signing of the contract for the construction of six OPVs for the Indian coast guard on May 9.DIG S D Bhanot TM, COMDIS Goa, did the honours in the presence of a high level visiting delegation from South Africa and Brazil led by Anthony Visser, chief of defence material, MoD, South Africal; and Col. Decilio de Medeiros Sales, Brazil; RAdm (Retd) Vineet Bakhshi VSM, chairman and managing director, Goa Shipyard Ltd; senior officials of the Coast Guard and GSL.The visiting delegation, which was the defence working group of IBSA (India, Brazil and South Africa), expressed satisfaction on GSL's capability to design and build sophisticated and high value ships and lauded GSL's efforts in self reliance and upgradation of the shipyard to meet future defence requirements.Vessels for the Indian Coast Guard are based on in-house design of Goa Shipyard Ltd. These vessels, when commissioned, will be the most advanced patrol vessels in service with the Indian coast guard. Overall length of the vessels is 105 m with a displacement of about 2,400 tonnes. These six offshore patrol vessels will be fitted with a contemporary navigational integrated bridge system with 'Bridge Watch Navigational Call Up System', CCTV System for complete surveillance, additional features like quick response boats for rescue and anti-piracy, four-lane simulator for small arms training and many more advanced features. The hull would be the most efficient form designed by GSL and would provide for fuel efficiency, crew comfort and excellent sea-keeping qualities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13144078", "title": "As China opens to basmati imports, exporters scout for interpreters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rice exporters in Karnal, the hub of basmati rice exporters in Haryana, are looking for Chinese language interpreters to explore possibilities of starting exports to China.\"The only hindrance is language and those companies which already have their presence in China can benefit immediately,\" said Indian Rice Exporters Association president Vijay Setia. Initial exports may be channeled through existing companies in other fields, he added.The four-year-long effort of basmati exporters came to fruition after China agreed to safety procedures of Indian rice mills and storage handlers. Groups of Chinese had been visiting rice mills and grain markets of Haryana to ensure that their imports are free from heavy doses of pests, parasites and chemicals. The export to China is possible due to the recent upgradation of safety standards in mills and grain markets.Setia said despite all clearances, one of the major hindrances is the gap in communication. He said exports are likely to pick up slowly as Chinese generally like sticky varieties of rice and Indian rice is fluffy, though certainly better. A few Chinese states prefer long rice like the Indian basmati Pusa 1121.The opening of exports of basmati and non-basmati rice has come at a time when Karnal has already resumed exports to Iran after a gap of almost one-and-a-half month.While the Indian rice is the best in the world, Chinese do not like its aromatic taste. As a result, even Pakistani basmati rice has not made inroads in the Chinese market. A very little quantity of the Pakistani rice is being imported by China. India and China are the only countries in the world producing basmati rice and have patent rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13143758", "title": "UK cracks the whip on NRI landlords", "text": "LONDON: Britain has allocated \u00a31.8 million as part of steps to crackdown on landlords - many of them of Indian-origin - who construct illegal extensions to their houses and rent them out to illegal immigrants at extortionate rates in parts of London and elsewhere.Considered hazardous with slum-like conditions, the extensions - called 'beds in sheds' - have often been in the news for the large number of illegal immigrants who live in them in cramped conditions, particularly in areas such as Ealing , Hounslow and Slough.After forming a taskforce to deal with the situation earlier this month, housing minister Grant Shapps has allocated \u00a31.8 million to councils in which such 'renting' takes place. The taskforce include officials of the UK Border Agency . Reports on the 'beds in sheds' have mostly identified the 'tenants' as Indian citizens who are in the country illegally, and turn to landlords of Indian origin with settled status to provide them shelter.In the process, such 'tenants' face exploitation and are unable to approach authorities due to their own illegal immigration status.Shapps promised \"criminal landlords trapping vulnerable people in suburban shanty-towns will get the justice they deserve\" , and said the fund will help \"tackle the problem head-on and end this growing practice by ruthless landlords\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "tezpur", "code": "13143463", "title": "Gajraj Corps helps disabled people in Assam, Arunachal", "text": "TEZPUR: Thupten Tsering (19) looked happy and confident as he held the microphone at the 4 corps headquarters with his artificial hands. Thupten thanked the Gajraj Corps, who took the initiative to provide him with artificial hands.Thupten, from Arunachal Pradesh's Tawang district, was 6 when he lost both his arms in an accident. However, Gajraj Corps' initiative 'Operation Sadbhavna' has helped Thupten and many others get a new life with the free artificial limb treatment. \"I like to sketch, but couldn't do so without my hands. Though I have practiced to live without my hands, these artificial hands are definitely going to change my life,\" said Thupten.Like him, Salma Yasmin (12), who was suffering with cerebral palsy since birth and could never imagined walking in her life, came walking with a little support. \"I wish the army people can change everyone's life like they changed mine. I will become a singer one day and send this message to everyone that we can conquer all odds with love and a helping hand. With these artificial limbs, I will surely walk into success some day,\" she said.During the last year, the Gajraj Corps has organized 35 medical camps and reached out to 37,116 people. Their endeavor has been providing medical assistance to the poor and disabled in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.\"The army stands to help and protect the society and the Gajraj Corps has been successful in doing so. But, we still have a long way to go as there are million others who need our support,\" said the GOC 4 corps, Lt General Shakti Gurung.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13142252", "title": "15-year-old raped and burnt in Puri district", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A 20-year-old man was arrested on Monday for allegedly raping and then setting the 15-year-old victim on fire at Sahanikera, about 15 km from Puri. The victim, Gayatri Swain, had succumbed to burn injuries at Puri district headquarters hospital on Sunday.The ghastly incident occurred barely 30 km from Pipili, which had hogged headlines following the alleged rape and murder bid on a dalit girl recently.The girl's family alleged that the accused, Rasmiranjan Jena alias Milu, had outraged her modesty in a rice mill and then set her on fire on Thursday night. The girl's mother, Ranjana Swain, filed a complaint at Sadar police station the next day. \"Milu resides close to our house. He called my daughter outside. I did not suspect anything as he is our neighbour. After some time, I got the news that my daughter was severely burnt,\" Ranjana said.Gayatri was first rushed to a nearby hospital and then shifted to Puri district headquarters hospital on Friday.Police, however, suspect that the murder was a fallout of a tiff between lovers. \"The accused and the victim loved each other. Perhaps there was an altercation between them. Later, the girl's family alleged that she was raped and set on fire. We are verifying the allegations,\" said SP (Puri) Anup Kumar Sahu said. \"We have arrested Milu and would interrogate him to elicit information,\" Sahu added.\"On Saturday, the girl told us that she was raped and burnt. We then registered a rape and murder case against Milu,\" the Puri SP said.Puri chief district medical officer (CDMO) Dr Gyanendra Kumar Sahoo said it would be difficult to establish whether or not she was raped as she was burnt severely.Asked why she was not referred to a better hospital in view of her serious condition, Dr Sahoo said: \"Her family refused to take her to SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack despite the offer of free transport and treatment. We tried our best to treat her at Puri hospital.\"Earlier in the day, IGP (central range) Arun Ray visited Sahanikera village and interacted with the bereaved family and villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144353", "title": "UP to create history on May 28, House proceedings to go live", "text": "LUCKNOW: The first assembly session of the two-month-old Akhilesh Yadav's cabinet, slated to be held on May 28, 2012, will be aired live on Doordarshan making it the first ever assembly session to be aired live through Prasar Bharati, the country's public service broadcaster. The proposal for the move was mooted about a month ago and all the hurdles were cleared at a high-level meeting held at the chief minister secretariat on Saturday.Camera crews and outdoor broadcasting vans of Doordarshan's Lucknow centre is expected to conduct a dry run of the coverage exercise a few days before the session begins in order to iron out any problems that may arise, if at all. Presently news channel crews are permitted to shoot the proceedings of the House for a particular period of time only and for specific events. Though a close circuit telecast facility is available within the assembly premises, but the service is limited to the Vidhan Bhawan lobby and main hall. Here too the telecast is live but for particular events only.The inaugural session of the assembly, which will also be the first budget session of the Akhilesh Yadav government promises to be an extremely important event, as it will help to assess the extent to which the Samajwadi Party is serious in implementing the policies, which it had promised in its election manifesto.The idea of live telecast of House proceedings had been mooted earlier as well. However the scary memories of October 21, 1997 violence inside the Vidhan Sabha which saw legislators using microphones, mic stands and pieces of broken wooden chairs as missiles leaving more than two dozen MLAs bleeding, left the successive governments weary of pushing the proposal ahead.This time it was on the initiative of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, that the idea was taken up with the Prasar Bharati and pursued rigorously. The idea behind the move is to familiarise the common man about the proceedings in the House on the lines of sessions of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.Senior Samajwadi Party (SP) leaders believe that the live coverage of the proceedings will help the common man witness how the issues are being addressed by the party in power and the contribution of the opposition parties in the process. \"The Lokpal Bill debate aired by the Lok Sabha TV did make it extremely difficult for the political parties to handle the issue the way they would have loved to do so in absence of live coverage,\" said a senior SP leader.Though airing select parliamentary proceedings have been in practice since 1989, the Question Hours of both the Houses were aired live through Doordarshan. In 2006, Doordarshan Lok Sabha was replaced by Lok Sabha TV - a 24-hour TV channel airing telecasts. The TV is owned and operated entirely by the Lok Sabha itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13144562", "title": "Olympians give thumbs up to Maharashtra Badminton League", "text": "NAGPUR: Ashwini Ponnappa is not a native of Maharashtra but the star badminton player is so impressed by the Maharashtra Badminton League (MBL) that she turned up at the auction venue to boost the morale of the Inspiring Eagles franchise and the organisers of the MBL.Ponappa, who has recently qualified for the London Olympics, congratulated the officials of the Pune District and Metropolitan Badminton Association (PDMBA) and termed it as the turning point for the game in the country.\"It is a very good step by the Pune association to conduct the country's first professional badminton league. I am sure it will set the new trend and many associations will now follow the successful pattern of MBL,\" said Ponnappa.It is not only Ponappa but former Olympians Nikhil Kanetkar and Aparna Popat also hailed the move by PDMBA. Kanetkar and Popat echoed the views of Ponappa and predicted the MBL will change the face of the game in the state.\"Badminton in India is dominated by the players of southern region. The reason behind it was the professional set up in Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. They also had good academies for training the youngsters. However, with the introduction of MBL, I have no doubt in my mind that Maharashtra will soon come at par with them. The league has provided an excellent platform for state shuttlers to showcase their talent,\" said Kanetkar, who represented India in Athens Olympics.Kanetkar has been associated with one of the franchises Fiery Falcons as their main coach since last year. \"Although, I am retired and cannot play now, I can certainly share my knowledge with the players,\" said Kanetkar.Another Olympian Popat also joined the MBL bandwagon and appointed as the coach by new entrants Lifetime Linnets of Mumbai.\"I wish MBL had started a few years ago when I was actively playing. But I am happy for the current crop of players. This league will certainly boost the overall standard of the game in the region,\" said Popat.The total fund of the event is Rs 6.44 lakh, with the winners taking home Rs 2.25 lakh and the runners-up getting Rs 1.75 lakh. The third and fourth finishers get Rs 50,000 each. Cello is the title sponsor of the MBL, which is also supported by Yonex.Teams (all figures in Rs thousands):Graceful Gulls (Gracelands, Nagpur): Arundhati Pantawane 78; Nishad Dravid 59; Riya Pillai 26; Harshil Dani 70; Manan Goenka 16; Nachiket Dhayagude 15; Shlok Ramchandran 36.Daring Doves (Owners - Pratham Motors, Pune): Saili Rane 47; Sanyogita Ghorpade 37; Eshan Naqvi 79.2; Shubhankar Dey 52.8; Varun Khanwalkar 45.6; Jayendra Dhole 21; Prashant Bahatre 16Inspiring Eagles (RBS Sportsethix, Pune): Jishnu Sanyal 90; Mudra Dhainje 31; Trupti Murgunde 67; Abhishek Kulkarni 32; Aditya Pandya 17; Rohit More 23; Siddhath Thakur 16; Vighnesh Devalekar 18Fiery Falcons (6th Corner, Pune): Sayali Gokhale 77; Abhidnya Sawant 51; Gauri Ghate 56; Ameya Joshi 43; Ninad Kamat 15; Sudhanshu Medshikar 22; Tom Thomas 20; Yashodhan Marathe 16)Lifetime Linnets (Lifetime Realty Pvt Ltd, Mumbai): Neha Pandit 66; Harshad Bhagwat 29; Sagar Chopda 85; Sampada Sahastrabuddhe 26; Gandhar Marathe 23; Ishan Talwalkar 31; Nikhil Kolhatkar 23; Saee Purandare 15Sensation Skylarks (Dajikaka Gadgil Developers Pvt Ltd, Pune): Tanvi Lad 82; Mayank Gole 36; Sameer Bhagwat 61.2; Noopur Shastrabuddhe 40; Dheeraj Kumar 15; Kaushal Dhamamer 45; Sanket Shirbhate 16Gorgeous Gannets (Pinnacle Group, Pune): Akshay Dewalkar 90; Dhanya Nair 42; Akshay Raut 20; Ankush Jadhav 30; Bisal Das 32; Nihar Tilekar 15; Samruddha Rathod 15; Varun Sarode 32; Karishma Wadkar 16", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13146110", "title": "IPL players flaunt their tattoos", "text": "Spot on with their hits and hawk-eyed with their throws, meet the men who wield the bat, ball and their designs with prideBrendon Mccullum, team KolkataWearing your number on your cap is something that we've heard. But Baz, better known as Brendon McCullum , takes it a step further. Instead of wearing his numbers only on his cap, he also wears them on his upper right arm. The numbers denote his position on the lists of players who've represented the Kiwis in Test cricket, one day internationals and Twenty20 matches. The second reason for getting the numbers? Baz believes that mathematicians get the girls!Chris Gayle, team Bangalore\"I have a skull in mind on right harm\" (sic). This is what Chris Gayle had tweeted before getting a tattoo done. Skulls or not, we did spot stars on his left arm and a tribal design on his right. The big-hitter from Jamaica got the tattoos done just for fun and says that he didn't want them to mean anything. Our question to him: Does he hit the ball harder after getting inked?Lasith Malinga , team MumbaiLasith has two dates inked on his right arm -- one is the day he started playing for the Sri Lankan cricket team and the second is the date when he took four wickets in consecutive four balls. There is also another significant name written in his right forearm, the name of his wife - Tanya Perera.Mitchell Johnson, team MumbaiBowler, looker and tattooed freak! Australian pacer Mitchell Johnson has the whole of his right arm covered in a Japanese-style koi while an unfriendly-looking cat crouches on his left torso. \"Tattoos signify a few things. There's a Japanese koi, some cherry blossoms that have a meaning of luck,\" says Johnson. We didn't see much of this stud during this IPL because of an injury that forced the Mumbai team to pick Dwayne Smith in his place. Sigh!Dale Steyn, team HyderabadIt's the three proteas. All of them are in the colours of the South African Flag. So, you have blue, yellow, and red. The leaves are in black and I'm white. Ha-ha, I'm white..that's a joke that I make. People sometimes find it offensive.\" Well, that's Dale Steyn on his tattoo... we rest our case!They're bold, they're brawny and they don't utter an 'ouch'! Here are some of the other tattooed IPL blokesHerschelle Gibbs , team MumbaiA cross and a barbed wire on his right arm. We think cool. However, an Australian nightclub begged to differ when Gibbs was denied entry because of his tattoos. \"Had a first last night..while all the lads of the Scorchers celebrated at a bar called Ginger, I wasn't allowed in becos of my tattoos,\"(sic) was what the 37-year-old had tweeted earlier this year. Boo, we say!Virat Kohli , team BangaloreA Japanese Samurai warrior with a raised sword - kinda like Mr Kohli's raised bat after smashing bowlers hither tither - and that's just one tattoo that this cool dude from Delhi sports ! The other one is a text - his zodiac sign, Scorpio - on his upper right arm and the third one is much lower on the same arm. Well, Virat wants to keep only the Samurai and get rid of the rest which he admits he got done \"on a whim\"!Kevin Pietersen , team DelhiHe started his career with rainbow-hued hair. Quite the showman, KP doesn't shy away from showing off his tattoos as well! During a tour to South Africa , he got three lions inked on his upper arm followed by the Roman numerals DCXXVI, meaning that this English lad was the 626th player to play for England. Kevin's keen on getting a Sanskrit text inked to show his love for India.Michael Clarke , team Pune\"The pain of discipline is something similar to the pain of disappointment\" - this is a rough translation of Michael Clarke's Arabic tattoo on his arm. Actually, this was a quote by Justin Langer that this he liked so much that he got it translated and then, inked. Clarke also had his Dad and Mum's names in Hindi on his ribcage, his test number in Roman numerals across his back and a guardian angel on a cross with his former fiancee's (Lara Bingle) initials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13142239", "title": "Margao Muncipal Council puts price tag on Sonsoddo\u2019s mud export", "text": "MARGAO: The councillors of the Margao muncipal council (MMC) have decided to put a price tag on the mud that is sought to be shifted from the site of the garbage treatment plant at Sonsoddo by Fomento, the concessionaire of the project, to elsewhere.At a special meeting of the council held on Monday to decide on Fomento's request to allow them to shift another 5000 cu m of earth excavated from the site during the leveling of the ground, councilors arrived at a decision that the mud must be used for filling of low-lying areas within the city which would be identified by councilors. The councilors said that if no such areas are identified, then the mud can be shifted but by selling it to interested parties at an appropriate rate. Already, 5000 cu m of earth has been shifted to Vasco with councilors claiming that they were kept in the dark about the move.The issue had generated a controversy as the councilors questioned the move of the chief officer J B Bhingui in allowing Fomento to shift the mud to another city, free of cost, thereby depriving the council of revenue. Bhingui had maintained that as there was every possibility of a landslide during monsoons, he had granted permission to shift the mud after discussing the matter with the monitoring committee of Sonsoddo.Former MMC chairperson Savio Coutinho, who was among the first to raise the issue, has, however, expressed his disapproval over the council's decision. \"When there already exists a low-lying land near the KTC that is in possession of the MMC and which requires land-filling, what is the need to identify more lands? Moreover, permissions for land-filling from concerned authorities are also in place for this land near the KTC bus stand that was earlier earmarked for parking,\" Coutinho said told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143497", "title": "Three cellphone towers sealed in city", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Municipal Corporation has sealed three illegal cellphone antenna towers in the city on Monday. Acting on the directions of principal secretary, urban development and housing (UDH), GS Sandhu, to remove the towers erected at Adinath Marg, C-Scheme, the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) sealed three illegal towers in the area.As per the new provisions, permission would be granted in a time-bound manner and the safety measures will be evaluated before granting the permission. The mobile company also has to take prior permission before installing towers in the city.Councillors claimed the problem is old in the city. Mohini Kanwar, councilor of ward number 10 said: \"In our area, two illegal mobile towers were erected. The issue has been raised several times in meetings. However, no action has been taken till date. We will once again register our complaint and ask them to carry out a drive in a fair manner.\"Though the JMC started the drive and took action against three mobile towers, there is no action plan for a major drive. \"The mobile towers are permitted by the Union government. However, now we will act on the complaints and against towers violating the rules. As per municipal bylaws, we will take action against them,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142632", "title": "Probe into shelter inmates\u2019 deaths", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two inmates of Asha Kiran - a shelter for the physically and mentally challenged - died at different hospitals in the past eight days. While Delhi health minister Kiran Walia has said that both were natural deaths, DCP (outer) BS Jaiswal has ordered magisterial inquiries into the incidents.The inmates have been identified as Akash alias Shiva (26) and Shyam (25). \"Akash was a TB patient undergoing treatment at Rajan Babu TB Hospital. He was hospitalised on 25 April and succumbed to the illness on May 6. An inquiry is being conducted in this regard by metropolitan magistrate Vishal Singh. His postmortem report is awaited,\" said a police official.Shyam was admitted to Baba Saheb Ambedkar Hospital on May 8. He was undergoing treatment and died two days later. \"We were told that he was suffering from a cardiac disorder. Metropolitan magistrate Siddharth Mathur will conduct an inquiry into the death,\" said the police official.The shelter is located in the Avantika area of Rohini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143788", "title": "Nepal holiday turns into death trap for family of four from Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A joyous holiday turned into a nightmare on Monday morning for a Chennai-based family of four when the Agni Air 20-seater plane carrying them crashed into a cliff in Jomsom, Nepal. Of the four, 36-year old Latha Sreekanth was killed in the crash while her husband, Tirumala Kidambi Sreekanth (37 ), who works for Infosys , sustained injuries on the head and slipped into a coma. Their two children, T K Sreevardhini (9) and T K Sreepada (6), were pulled out alive from the wreckage. A priest from Kumbakonam, L S Sudarsanam (43 ), was also killed in the plane crash\"Both the children are still in a state of shock,\" said S D Srinivasan, the uncle of Sreevardhini and Sreepada, appearing shattered. \"Sreevardhini sustained a bruise above her eyebrow and Sreepada has a broken leg. They don't know yet about the condition of their parents and when I last spoke to them they were frightened and crying for their parents. I had to assure them that I would come to take them as soon as possible. But we are all worried about them as they are alone and frightened and are being looked after by the embassy staff,\" said Srinivasan, a banker.A pall of gloom hung over the household in Saligramam in the city as Sreekanth's parents sat in a corner staring in disbelief while Srinivasan's wife and Latha's sister silently worked in the kitchen. \"My younger son is also quite shocked,\" said Srinivasan.With the two families living in the same area, there was a great deal of bonding between them. \"We were a very closeknit family,\" he said. \"We met every other day and my wife andher sister grew closer after they moved into this area 12 years ago, immediately after their wedding.\" Sreekanth and his family livein Vadapalani.Srinivasan and his family had given them a rousing sendoff on their four-day holiday to Nepal and Mukthinath temple. \"We went to send them off at the airport on Saturday,\" added Srinivasan. \"Sreekanth'sfather had also come down for the weekend from Tirupathi where he lives. On Sunday evening, Sreekanth called his father and told him they had crossed the border to Nepal andwere atPokhra.\"Anxiety is particularly high for the future of the two children with their father's condition reported to be critical and undergoing treatment at the Pokhara's Manipal Teaching Hospital. \"He has a swelling on hishead andis now on a ventilator and in a coma,\" said Sreekanth. \"Fortunately, there are no signs of brain hemorrhage.\" Around 8.45 pm on Monday, a call from the authorities assured Srinivasan that Sreekanth's vital signs had stabilized although he was still in a coma, bringing some relief for the worried family.A similarly despondent mood hung over the residence of Sudarsanam on Iyengar street, Kumbakonam. Sudarsanam hadlefton a pilgrimage on May 10,2012. \"Hehadjoined a 150- member group of pilgrims in Chennai and commenced their tour of 108 Divya Kshetrams, including Ayodhya and Kurukshetra,\" said his brother Soundararajan. \"Mukthinath valley was to be his last stop. Last night, he had spoken to his children,Amudapriya (16 ) and Sriram (12) who are studying in the Vedapathasalaiin Srirangam.\"Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa expressed grief over the death and directed a senior official in Delhi to coordinate with the Indian Embassy to bring the bodies of those belonging to the state. \"I have also directed the Resident Commissioner to take steps to treat Sreekanth, his daughters Sreevardhini and Sreepada of Vadapalani who were among the injured in hospital andlend all support to them,\" shesaid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "13143952", "title": "Facebook friend 'rapes' Australian girl in Himachal", "text": "MANALI: A 22-year-old Australian woman was allegedly raped in Kasol village of Kullu district in Himachal Pradesh by a man she knew as her Facebook friend.The woman has lodged a complaint with Kullu police that a resident of Chandigarh, who she knew as 'Sammy Sidhana' on the networking site, raped her in a hotel room on Saturday when she was \"unconscious\" after attending a party. When she woke up Sidhana, who she had met on that very day, was in the hotel room with her. The victim has told police that she was in touch with the accused on Facebook for a long time and had messaged him about her location when she reached India.\"Search is on for the accused. We are also verifying rape. A case under IPC Section 376(A) has been made,\" Kullu police chief said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141604", "title": "Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh annual camp begins", "text": "NAGPUR: The month-long Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh Tritiya Varsh Sangh Shiksha Varg (third year training camp) was inaugurated on Monday by mayor Anil Sole. Over 1000 swayamsevaks from all parts of the nation are participating in this camp.The camp holds special importance in RSS as the activists trained in this camp play a major role in the Sangh work in future. The camp is held here annually in the summer for the swayamsevaks who have already attended regional camps for two years.The programme started with the traditional lighting of the lamp. RSS Saha Sarakaryawah Dattatreya Hosbale welcomed and introduced the guests.In his inaugural address, Sole welcomed the swayamsevaks to the city and gave a brief account of the development activities that are being carried out in the region. He added that being a committed swayamsevak had helped in taking up the onerous task of development of the city.Sole took a pledge that he would ensure that the image of RSS will not sullied during his tenure. He describes the city as 'Gangotri' of Sangh.RSS Akhil Bharatiya Prachar Pramukh Manmohan will be the Palak Adhikari (local guardian) during the camp while Gujarat Prant Sanghchalkak Jayantibhai Bhadesiya will be Sarvadhikari (in-charge). Jasvantji Khatri (Jodhpur Prant Karyawah) will be Karyawah of the camp. Sole was felicitated at the hands of senior functionary Sureshji Soni.The camp will conclude on June 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143807", "title": "Man jumps out of plane at airport", "text": "CHENNAI: As soon as the Dubai-Chennai Air India flight touched down at Chennai airport at 5.15am on Monday, Kamal Basha Ahmed unbuckled his seat belt and began moving down the aisle. The cabin crew thought he wanted to be the first to disembark and told him to go back. But the 28-year-old engineer reached the front, overpowered a crew member, opened the door and jumped out as soon as the plane came to a halt.Kamal, a resident of Trichy, escaped with minor bruises after he slid down the emergency chute, which inflated automatically as the door had been opened manually, and fell to the ground. Central Industrial Security Force (CISF ) personnel caught him and handed him over to the police after questioning. Kamal has been sent to judicial custody for five days.An airport official said the incident created a flutter. Ground staff and security personnel were startled to see a man sliding down an emergency chute from a plane as soon as it halted at the parking bay. His bags were handed over to his mother and aunt, who were waiting outside the terminal unaware of the drama inside.\"Ahmed looked tired and deprived of sleep. He is an engineering graduate and was working as a traineein a company in Dubai. His father, who is also in the UAE, sent him home to consult a doctor after he could not handle work pressure,\" police said. \"He was in tears and apologized several times when questioned repeatedly,\" they added.An Air India official said the passenger didn't stop even when stopped twice and told to return to his seat. \"The aerobridge was about to be attached when Ahmed opened the door. The crew would have opened the door had he waited a few minutes. As the door was opened manually, the emergency chute inflated,\" he said.More than 100 passengers, who were in the plane, had to wait a little longer to get down. The staff brought a step ladder and helped them disembark. \"The schedule of the aircraft was not hit because of the incident. It left to Delhi as per schedule in the morning,\" said an airline official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13144127", "title": "'I believe in activism as a commoner'", "text": "BANGALORE: She's lost sleep and weight over her campaign for justice for Loitam. But Monika Khangembam (in pic), a Manipuri student in Bangalore , is not giving up at all.You've been involved in this case since Richard's death on April 17. Have you interacted directly with the forensic department?I've been in touch with a top official in the forensic department to the extent that I can as a layperson. He has promised that the department will come out with the truth.You've emerged as a mediator between Loitam's parents and the authorities. To what extent are his family members in the loop?When I spoke with Richard's mother last month, she told me she was waiting for the forensic reports. If these reports indicate murder, she'll send her lawyer. I admire Richard's mother - she has been so calm and focused about finding the truth. She feels strongly her son was beaten to death, but I told her we should wait for the reports.What has been the response of the Manipur government?Thanks to the media which highlighted the case and our endeavour to bring justice, the chief minister of Manipur Okram Ibobi Singh has deputed superintendent of police P Dhanakumar, who has been closely investigating the case with his colleagues in Bangalore.How has the Karnataka government handled the case?It has been very supportive.What's keeping the campaign alive? What do your parents have to say about your role?The challenge lies in pacifying people. This campaign is not intended to agitate people, but there's a lot of young blood and it's difficult to control their anger. I've been involved in passive activism for the forces of Irom Sharmila and have facilitated movie screenings in Bangalore. While my parents are happy I'm striving for justice for Loitam, they fear my safety.Would you like to become a political leader?I believe in activism as a commoner. If those involved in Loitam's murder are proved guilty, the action will move to the court. We'll step back and take out a candlelight vigil in his remembrance.Straight TalkI don't know whether there was a racial motive behind Loitam's murder. All this resentment is because all of us from the northeast have been subject to some form of abuse. Standing up together in Loitam's case has highlighted these issues, which I hope will help us integrate with the rest of India amicably. I've been chosen to attend the Euro-Africa summit in Belgium as a peer facilitator. I'll continue to be in touch with the UGC to ensure that professors and students don't discriminate against us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13143472", "title": "Residents want road cuts closed", "text": "LUDHIANA: Hailing the traffic department's move of closing unnecessary cuts on road dividers, residents are demanding that all such cuts that add to traffic woes should be closed to save them of unnecessary hassle created by unruly movement of traffic.Ravinder Singh, resident of Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar, said, ''I am happy that traffic department has finally snapped out of its slumber and are making efforts to tackle traffic woes. If this continues, the traffic problem in city can be handled quite effectively.'' Tapin Malhotra, resident of Model Town, said, ''All such cuts on roads should be immediately closed. This will ensure smooth flow of traffic.''Citing the example of Pakhowal road, he adds, ''There are many unnecessary cuts which are still existing and due to these commuters suffer a lot. Such diversions often become the cause of unnecessary traffic jams and bottle necks. The traffic department should pay attention to this area in order to facilitate smooth flow of traffic.''Charanjeet Singh, resident of Shaheed Karnail Singh, said, ''Its good to see that some diversions on roads have been tackled by the traffic department, but others are still there. I hope they continue their drive.'' SHO, traffic, Manjinder Singh said, ''We have already closed 17 unnecessary cuts on different roads - 13 on Gill Road, one major near circuit house on Ferozepur, one on Pakhowal road and two in Salem Tabri.'' He adds, ''We have also identified 10 more such cuts in the city and they would close it in short time.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13142118", "title": "Goa Lokayukta Bill gets Presidential assent", "text": "PANAJI: President Pratibha Patil gave her assent to the Goa Lokayukta Bill on Monday. This now takes the process of appointing a Lokayukta to the final stages.The government will have to speed up the process as the BJP had promised in its manifesto to appoint a Lokayukta within 100 days of forming a government in Goa. The government took office on March 9.\"Goa Lokayukta Bill got President Pratibha Patil's assent. Now the bill will be sent to the Union home ministry, which will inform the state government officially about the status of the bill,\" sources in the government said.Sources added that once the state receives this officially communication, it will issue an order enacting the bill. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had also announced that he would approach the high court of Bombay, seeking names of possible persons who can be appointed as Lokayukta in the state.Once the high court suggests names, a 3-member committee consisting of the chief minister, opposition leader and chief justice of the high court of Bombay, will meet to finalize the Lokayukta from the names given.As per the bill, a Lokayukta, should be a retired judge of a high court or have 10 years experience as senior advocate who is qualified to be a judge.The Lokayukta in the state will have powers to investigate and prosecute all public men, including the chief minister. A timeframe will also be set for investigation of cases.The Lokayukta bill is an amended version of the Goa Lokayukta Bill 2003, which was passed by the state assembly in 2005. Following questions raised by some Union ministries, it was amended and adopted by the state assembly in 2011 and re-sent to the centre for assent.In first week of May the bill reached the President's office for her assent. It had earlier received clearances from the Union ministries of personnel and training, law and judiciary and home. The home ministry was the last to clear the file.The centre had also written to the state that in view of the pending Jan Lokpal bill in the Rajya Sabha for consideration and passing, assent could not be given to the Goa Lokayukta bill. The state had replied that the issue of Jan Lokpal and Lokayukta are different and had requested the Union government to give its assent to the state bill.Parrikar, in his budget speech, had stated that once the bill received the president's assent, the government would immediately appoint a Lokayukta. Earlier he had requested the governor to \"vigorously follow up\" with the Centre the status of the bill.INFOGRAPHICDown the years2003: Lokayukta bill introduced in Goa assembly. Referred to select committee2006: Select committee report adopted by state assembly2007: Bill sent for President's assent. As per procedure, it requires assent of 3 ministries before reaching president2008: Union ministries raise queries. State government replies2009: Ministry of law and justice observes that provisions under Clause 19-power to punish for contempt-have to be deleted. Bill is returned to the state2011: Goa assembly passes bill incorporating changes suggested by Union government2012: Bill sent to governor who returns it stating it should be sent to the President for assentMay 14: President gives assent to bill", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13142131", "title": "RPI leader Prakash Londhe externed from city for 2 yrs", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik city police have externed sitting Republican Party of India (RPI) corporator Prakash Londhe from Nashik for two years. Londhe is also the district chief of his party.Londhe (51), who hails from Swarbaba Nagar, Satpur, was recently re-elected as a corporator for the fourth consecutive term from the Satpur area.The city police arrested him on Monday and sent him to Jawhar-Mokhada (Thane district). Cops said there were many police cases against Londhe, following which a decision was taken to extern him from Nashik for two years.ACP Sandeep Palve of division two said there were cases pertaining to dacoity, cheating and arson registered against the coporator.However more than the number of cases registered against him,Palve said a discreet enquiry into Londhe's life revealed he had committed more crimes than those registered against him, since people did not dare lodge a complaint against him. Palve said even if the accused is not directly involved in the cases, his associates were involved in many offences, thereby disturbing peace and harmony in Nashik city.Meanwhile, on being asked that how would he be able to attend various meetings pertaining to NMC, like general body meeting, standing committee, divisional meeting, etc, ACPPalve said to attend party meetings and other functions, Londhe will have to take permission of the DCP, who will decide whether to grant permission to him or not. He said the meetings in themselves were no grounds for giving Londhe permission to enter the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "13142682", "title": "7-year-old dies of snake bite in Pale", "text": "Bicholim: Sajid Rustam Ansari, 7, from Fondamal Velguem-Pale, died of a snake bite on Monday evening.The deceased was bitten by a cobra when he was fast asleep in his room at home. The boy, who was awakened by the snake, informed his parents and was rushed to the Sanquelim primary health centre.He was later being shifted to the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, but breathed his last on the way to the hospital. His body has been preserved at the GMC morgue and will be handed over to his relatives after an autopsy.Sources said that the boy was being shifted to GMC as there were no required facilities to treat snake bites at the Sanquelim health centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13142555", "title": "Exports issue resolved: MPEDA", "text": "KOCHI: The Marine Products Export Development Authority (MPEDA) has said that the format of Inspection and Quarantine Certification issued with respect to marine products exports from India to China has been accepted by the Chinese authorities.The Chinese government's General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine ( AQSIQ) had brought in the notification during May last year to bring in an Inspection and Quarantine Certification to accompany all seafood exports to China.\"The Export Inspection Council of India will be issuing the required certificates for seafood exports to China. Exports of seafood from India to China will not be hindered by the notification,\" MPEDA deputy director Ram Mohan said. MPEDA and the Export Inspection Council of India (EIC) under the ministry of commerce and industry had approached the Chinese authorities through the Indian embassy in Beijing on the issue of the new certification procedures for Indian seafood exports to China. It was widely rumoured that China would ban Indian seafood exports from June 1 this year, which is the proposed date of implementation of the certification requirement. MPEDA affirmed that any issue with respect to seafood exports would be resolved in favour of Indian exporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143105", "title": "Government nod for trying 2010 riot accused", "text": "HYDERABAD: The government on Monday issued three GOs clearing the prosecution of Mangalhat TDP corporator T Raja Singh and 75 others for their alleged involvement in communal riots that rocked the old city in 2010.The GOs 775, 776 and 777 were issued in to help the police speed up the legal procedure in the cases that are related to incidents that took place under the jurisdiction of two police stations __Afzalgunj and Shah Inayat Gunj. The government had earlier sought the opinion of the legal department to gain clarity on certain sections of the IPC which could be used for the prosecution of the accused.The government, in its orders, said that there were reasons to believe that the accused have committed offences under many sections of IPC that include 147 (rioting), 148 (rioting, armed with deadly weapon) 153-A (promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion), 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 307 (attempt to murder) and also under the Criminal Amendment Act, 1932. They should be tried under these and other sections, the orders stated.In GOs 775 and 776, the administration accorded permission to prosecute prime conspirator Raja Singh and about 75 others. Rajasthan-based VHP leader Dharmendra Acharya has also been shown as an absconding accused.In March 2010, communal riots broke out in the Old City during Hanuman Jayanti and Sri Ram Navmi festivals. According to sources, the city police are giving the final touch to the chargesheets and the cases are expected to be taken up at the sessions court, Nampally Court Complex.\"We were waiting for permission from the government because Section 153(A) IPC had been invoked in the cases. That section requires the clearance from the law department that has now come,\" a senior official of city police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13145548", "title": "Rural tourism projects move at snail's pace", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The tourism potential of rural Odisha remains untapped as almost all Centre-sponsored projects are making tardy progress in different districts. It is important to promote these locations because Maoist menace has spelt the death of tribal tourism.Of the eight rural tourism projects (announced between 2004 and 2007), six are yet to see the light of the day. Only one rural tourism project at Raghurajpur in Puri district was completed recently while another project in Pipili, also in Puri district, is nearing completion, sources said.Tour and travel professionals said the government should now focus on overall development of tourist destinations in rural pockets. \"Rural tourism can be a good alternative to tribal tourism. There are many beautiful and unexplored rural areas that will interest tourists,\" said tour operator Benjamin Simon.\"Like others, the rural tourism projects too are hanging fire because of the lackadaisical attitude of the tourism department. Completion of the projects would not only give a facelift to tourism but also generate employment opportunities for locals,\" Sanjay Singh, a hotelier said.The rural tourism projects, hanging fire are Khiching tourism project in Mayurbhajn district (Rs 50 lakh), Barapali project (Rs 63 lakh) in Bargarh district, Padmanavpur project (Rs 50 lakh) in Ganjam district, Deuljhari project (Rs 65 lakh) in Angul district and Konark Natya Mandap development project (Rs 70 lakh).Tourism department said it is taking steps to expedite the projects. \"Land acquisition is a major impediment,\" tourism director H S Upadhyay said. He said the proposed development of Hirapur village, nearly 20 km from Bhubaneswar, would gather pace soon. The Rs 50 lakh Hirapur rural tourism project was announced in 2006-07. \"The Khurda administration was supposed to execute the project. In view of the inordinate delay, the tourism department has now entrusted the Odisha Tourism Development Corporation (OTDC) to finish the work,\" Upadhyay said.Hirapur village is famous for the 64 Yogini or Mahamaya temple. The temple reflects the role of feminine and supernatural powers in the religious practices of Odisha.\"We will develop craft centres to promote the brass metal works of Balakati, adjacent Hirapur. Village and approach roads would be repaired, public toilets will be set up and beautification drives would be started around the village pond. Proper signage boards would be installed to navigate tourists to the village,\" OTDC general manager Manoranjan Pattnaik said. \"We have sought the permission of the endowment wing to carry out development works on the temple land,\" Pattnaik said.Former Union tourism minister Kumari Selja had in 2010 pulled up the state government for the sluggish pace of implementation of the rural tourism projects during a review. She even hinted that the Centre might cancel the remaining rural tourism projects in the state if they were not implemented on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13144748", "title": "3 held for assaulting 50-year-old man in Hubli", "text": "Hubli: A 50-year-old man was allegedly assaulted by five people over a trivial issue at New Gabbur on Sunday.Three persons have been taken into custody in connection with the case.Bendigeri police inspector H S Hosmani said Dyamappa Talawar of New Gabbur was assaulted by five members of a family on Sunday.The arrested are Kushal Badni, Virupaksha Badni and Shankar Badni.Two accused Yallappa Badni and Basappa Badni are at large.A case has been registered at Bendigeri police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13142524", "title": "Mob clashes with Howrah cops", "text": "HOWRAH: A minor accident triggered hours of violence in Howrah in which a pregnant woman was injured along with six policemen and several locals.The wife of an IPS officer was learning to drive when her car brushed against an elderly man. Police say her driving instructor took control of the vehicle and the pedestrian wasn't injured. But the incident sparked protests by hundreds of local residents who clashed with police and tore the uniform off at least one officer.Sixteen persons were arrested for rioting, assaulting policemen and attacking the officers' wife. In the melee, Shibpur OC Zulfiquar Mollah's gold chain and wireless set were reportedly stolen and uniform ripped.The place is still simmering with tension and a large police picket has been posted to prevent further trouble.Around 8am, ACP (traffic) Ganesh Biswas's wife and two other women had hardly driven a few meters from their home at Jagat Banerjee Ghat Road when their Maruti Alto brushed against 65-year-old Shiv Nandan Prasad in front of the Kazipara slums.It was the woman's first day in driving school. Police said the instructor promptly took control of the car with the extra set of brakes and Prasad wasn't hurt. But locals claim that he was injured.Prasad, who works in a petrol pump, blocked their way and allegedly heckled the officer's wife. Her husband and father-in-law heard her shout for help and rushed to the scene but they, too, were targeted.Hundreds of slum dwellers squatted on the road, demanding immediate action against the driver. The Shibpur OC responded with a strong force but was hopelessly outnumbered.The mob attacked policemen with lathis, iron rods and bricks. Police tried to fend off the mob, but failed. Mollah was attacked, too. Six other policemen were injured. Two constables - Bishnupada Das and Subho Das - were hurt very badly and were admitted to Howrah general hospital.After beating back the police, the mob ruled over the road and stopped traffic. Meanwhile, additional forces were summoned. And led by a RAF team, the police tore into the mob, and chased them into their homes in the Kazipara labyrinth.\"The police forced into our homes, and broke whatever came their way. They did not even spare women and children,\" said Pradip Tiwari, a local.Raja Sau, another local alleged, \"The police beat up people mercilessly, even those who were in the mob. They spared no one. They broke the doors and windows and went on the rampage for nearly an hour. Almost everyone who came in their way was attacked.\"Locals allege that at least 20 locals - including several women - were injured. But what angered them the most was the assault on 25-year-old Anita Sau, who is pregnant.Several injured locals had been to the Howrah general hospital but were discharged after preliminary treatment. The police lathicharge removed the road blockade.Howrah City Police's DCP (Headquarters) Nishat Parvez said, \"The lathicharge was a very minor one. Still, if there are any specific complaints, we will investigate them. The rioting was sparked by a rumour of an injury. The mob attacked police. Sixteen people have been arrested, including two women.\"Among those arrested are Prasad's son Dinesh. The incident caused daylong traffic woes for Kolkata-bound vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13144080", "title": "Breathe the right way", "text": "Breathing in the right way is important for a healthier and longer life, says alternative medicine practitioner Pallavi YawalkarProper breathing is key to good health. Besides ensuring sufficient supply of oxygen to the body, correct breathing also calms the mind. Slow, deep and conscious breathing ensures that we use our lungs to their full capacity . Most of us do not breathe deeply using our diaphragm. As a result, our breathing is shallow. Oxygen helps our body cells use the energy from the food we eat to keep our organs functioning. As 70 per cent of our body waste is discharge in the form of gases and particles, breathing helps cleanse our body. It helps boost the immune system , energy levels and overall health. Proper breathing helps us think positively and increases our confidence level. It also makes us open-hearted and helps us connect easily with others and experience compassion.Breathing and weight lossThere is a link between weight loss and conscious breathing. When we are stressed, our body releases cortisol that converts protein into energy and releases stored sugar as fuel. It stimulates fat and carbohydrate metabolism for energy, and insulin release to maintain blood sugar levels. Correct breathing reduces stress, lowers cortisol, and reduces appetite and craving for food.The right way to breatheInhale slowly and deeply through the nose. Relax the shoulders. While breathing, the abdomen should expand and the chest should move up a little. Exhale slowly through your mouth; purse your lips and release air slowly. Keep the jaws relaxed. Practice this pattern of breathing as many times as possible in a day. To breathe consciously, count up to three, both while inhaling as well as exhaling. While travelling or while sitting at your office desk, breathe in through your nose and breathe out through your mouth. Some people use sounds like 'oooooh' and 'ahhhhh' , which they find very relaxing. Alternatively, you can even silently chant the word 'relax' - 're' while breathing in and 'lax' while breathing out. Breathing this way releases tension and stress. All the while, remember to keep your shoulders relaxed. Every individual has her own breathing pattern but the key is to be relaxed and breathe deeply and slowly. Fifteen minutes of practicing proper breathing can rejuvenate you by balancing your chakras and by making your aura powerful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13143783", "title": "Mumbai university to declare results of undergrads in fortnight", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai will get busy declaring results of hundreds of thousands of its undergraduate students in a fortnight. But across other varsities in the state, dust is gathering on hundreds of bundles of answer scripts that have piled up.Assessment halls are going empty at universities in Pune, Nagpur, Jalgaon, Amravati and Kolhapur. Each university has done its bit to speed up evaluation; if Mumbai University lowered the eligibility of assessors, many others served summons to teachers and directed them to report to work; in the case of the former, questions are being raised on the quality of assessment, and little has helped in the case of the latter.But when teachers return to work, the going will be tough as universities will work against a tight deadline. University of Pune (UoP) acting vice-chancellor Sanjay Chahande , said, \"Assessment of courses like commerce, arts and science is hampered. Few teachers have reported so far\" Once teachers report for duty we will initiate steps to speed up assessment. Assessment could also be taken up in two shifts. Additional teachers will be deployed to complete assessment at the earliest. The UoP has also served noticed to the striking teachers. Officials at North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon, will approach college principals for evaluation as more than 80% work is pending. Vice-chancellor Sudhir Meshram said, \"Of 1,335 teachers appointed for assessment, 90 have reported. We are seeking help from teachers from nongrant colleges.\"At Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University, of the 5.07 lakh papers, merely 3,000 have been assessed. \"We had appointed 3,236 teachers for assessment, but not many were coming till last week,\" said controller of examinations B R Waghmare. At Shivaji University, Kolhapur , controller of examinations B M Kiredekar said, \"There is a serious problem with the evaluation of BA, BCom and BSc papers.\"At Swami Ramanand Teerth Marathwada University, assessment is on in full swing. COE Vasant Bhonsale said teachers on contract and retired faculty are assessing papers. Even at Mumbai University, teachers have started reporting in good numbers, said pro vice-chancellor Naresh Chandra.At Dr B R Ambedkar Marthwada University, first year results of more than 69,000 students were declared on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13142898", "title": "If only the chief minister was born in this part of Haryana!", "text": "GURGAON: Last month, Rohtak hit the headlines again. The city, that is being projected by the state government as the 'heart of Haryana', became home to a brand-new industrial township, attracting six big-ticket industrial projects worth over Rs 3,400 crore. Already an 'education hub' - the Rohtak IIM began in 2010 - the district is now being projected as the future 'industrial hub' and an FDI goldmine.All thanks to chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda whose focus on his native place hasn't so much as wavered ever since he took charge in 2005. Some in the political class say that Hooda's Rohtak fixation comes at the cost of balanced development in the state, and add that it will end up making the growth patterns in Haryana highly disproportionate.According to Anant Ram Tanwar, Gurgaon vice-president of the state's main opposition party, Indian National Lok Dal, the chief minister needs to look away from Rohtak to more deserving cities. \"This is the first time I have seen a chief minister focusing on only one district in the entire state,\" said Tanwar. \"Even if you talk of focusing on underdeveloped regions, the state should look at Mewat and Mahendragarh,\" Tanwar added.Recently, automobile major Maruti Suzuki had announced investments to the tune of Rs 1,000 crore in Hooda's district, saying that Rohtak will soon be among the global auto hubs. The state administration is of the opinion that a city like Gurgaon, which generates 60% of Haryana's revenues, has reached saturation point in terms of industry. It doesn't have much to lose to Rohtak.But industrialists here still believe that some political representation could've done Gurgaon good. \"Why is Rohtak seeing so much of money, so many new projects? Because it has political currency. In the past five years, everything from roads to electricity supply has improved over there. In Gurgaon, even the basic infrastructure is in tatters,\" said an industrialist in Udyog Vihar.Instead of focusing on Rohtak alone, industrialists say the state should have focused on developing the 'greater Gurgaon region' - townships like Roz Ka Meo within a 25-km radius of the main city. \"These small townships need a lot of support. While development in Rohtak is more than welcome, the government needs to think more about this region, and the small-scale manufacturers there,\" said another industrialist.The state's logic is that taking development to places like Rohtak is the natural course to take, going outward from Gurgaon and Manesar, a view many industrialists also concur with. \"I don't think there is any competition to Gurgaon from Rohtak. Actually, taking new industries there takes the load off Gurgaon and spreads development to the periphery,\" said P K Jain, founder president, Gurgaon Chamber of Commerce and Industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13142015", "title": "Remove blockages from legs, save limb from amputation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Naranpura-resident Usha Shah (68) has been suffering from diabetes for past two decades. On a trip to the US recently, she realized that she had hurt her toe and the wound refused to heal. She bandaged the wound and decided to get treatment on return to India.However, her toe had gone dead, with its colour changing to bluish-black. Ushaben knew she had developed diabetic foot which could deteriorate to the extent that her limb might have to be amputated.What she did not know was that her toe condition was exaggerated due to extremely compromised blood supply in her leg arteries due to which one toe had almost died. And that the blocks in her leg arteries could now be opened using a technique called Below The Knee (BTK) angioplasty.\"Investigations revealed all three of her leg arteries were completely blocked. The blockages could be removed in two arteries using Drug Eluting Baloons as done to remove the blockages in the heart. Removal of blocks in lower limb arteries are difficult as they are lengthy and highly stubborn, difficult to break\", said leading head of cardiology department at Apollo Hospital Dr Sameer Dani, who specializes in peripheral endovascular procedures.Post procedure, Ushaben says she feels as if new life has been infused into her leg. While she had to get her toe removed, she is happy that she could save her limb. \"I can walk normally. I realized that all was not well with my leg but never thought that it was due to a highly compromised blood supply\", she said.Saroj Shah, 67, too salvaged her limb from amputation. Shah, who suffers from high diabetes since 30-odd years, too had developed infection in her toe. Later, it spread to all her toes. She was diagnosed with over 90 per cent blocks in all three arteries of her left leg. When these were removed and blood supply restored, the colour of her toes miraculously turned to normal!Dr Dani says that BTK angioplasty is relatively new and has picked up globally in the past seven years. Earlier, bypass surgery was done. However, since the graft passed through the knee joint which is highly mobile, the results were not good.\"Now, special wires are available custom made to remove blockages in leg arteries. These wires are thin, long and very strong which facilitate removal of lengthy blockages\", says Dr Dani, who has done 8-10 cases of peripheral block removals in the limb arteries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13143300", "title": "Government to make new policies on renewable energy: Modi", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , on Monday, said that the government was ready to make new policies with focus on solar, bio-mass and hydro power. \"The ITIs can be roped in for providing training and skills needed for renewable energy projects,\" he said.Modi, while attending a business meeting on renewable energy here, said that the government was willing to take suggestions from the renewable energy experts and make changes in its policy, if required. He appreciated the efforts taken by Greenpeace India in this direction.Greenpeace India organized a business meeting on renewable energy here to discuss the demand for a strong solar policy with mandatory targets for renewable energy (RE) purchase.Modi also said that there were lots of potential in renewable energy sector in the state. He also said that he would talk to banks for make a hassle-free system for granting loan to budding entrepreneurs.The deputy CM also said that he would take the help of Greenpeace in making the banking process easier. Modi, who is also holding finance and commercial taxes portfolios, said that he would discuss this issue with bankers in a meet slated to be held on Wednesday.Energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav said, \"We need to look for solutions to provide technical support and after-sale service for success of RE projects.\"Yadav said that the government has already identified five districts for setting up solar water plants in which the Centre's share would be 50 percent of the total amount while the state government would contribute the 40 percent. The remaining 10 percent would be given by the farmer.The minister also said that there is lots of potential in husk power system instead of solar-based energy. The geographical scenario is fit for power through husk in the state.The main purpose of this meeting was to get the renewable energy sector and the government on the same platform to discuss the challenges in the investment towards renewable energy in the state.The energy experts and policy think tanks requested the government to frame strong policies on RE with focus on solar, biomass and other renewable sources.The business conference was attended by energy head of World Bank and president (strategy) of Moserbaer, Harish K Ahuja, executive director of Greenpeace Samit Aich, and others.The renewable industry experts are hopeful that the government will take positive steps in this direction as both the ministers assured to look into the issue.The two major points of discussion were driving investment for renewable energy in the state and developing manufacturing and service facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ghola", "code": "13142425", "title": "Crime follows realty boom in Ghola", "text": "Ghola: Ten, or even five years ago, this area didn't even qualify as the city's outskirts. Ghola was derisively referred to as the hooch village. But now, you hear it being discussed on the streets of Kolkata, on buses and the Metro - 'Have you heard what's happened in Ghola, again?' What's happened in this half-rural-half semi-urban melting pot is a series of crimes - molestation, snatching, stalking and a kidnap drama. All in the span of a week.Last Monday, a group of bikers chased a TV actress, rammed her car on Kalyani Expressway and passed lewd comments. She was then allegedly made to wait at the police station and her complaint was accepted only when the SP intervened the next day. And on Friday, a gang of five waylaid and molested a woman in front of her family. That very night, a college girl was allegedly kidnapped and held to ransom.The crime rate in Ghola has climbed as sharply as the rise in realty prices. Property here is four times as expensive as it was just three years ago. Ghola, today, is clearly in transition and unable to cope with the sudden societal and economic change.Where rickshaws once crawled, you now see zippy bikes driven by streak-haired youngsters blaring music from their expensive cellphones. Vast stretches of land are walled off for housing projects. Garishly painted bars dot the Kalyani Expressway, sitting cheek by jowl with slums, shacks, and farmland. You wonder why there are armed guards at the bars - you don't see them in Kolkata. Or why people hem and haw if you ask them if they feel safe in Ghola.You may drive a dozen times past Ghola police station and never see it. It runs from a rundown residential building, its signboard almost hidden from view. The national flag hangs limply from a mast outside. That is the only marker. The 25-odd personnel man have to watch over a huge area - the Sodepur-Madhyamgram-Kharda-New Barrackpore belt. And there are clearly many parts that the arm of the police cannot reach.Ghola - some 25km from Raj Bhavan and barely 8km from NSCBI airport - is witnessing a real estate boom. But the rapid urbanization can't hide the large wetlands, farms or the refugee slums on either side of the expressway. The recently filled shallow lands, trucks busy unloading building materials and new shops, bars and liquor shops stand out in glaring contrast.Long-time residents of Ghola are not at ease with the changing scenario. They blame the land mafia for the sudden spurt in crimes like molestation and kidnapping. The property boom has attracted loan sharks, extortionists, musclemen - and the interest of a section of politicians.\"Where do you think these young, reckless men are getting such a lot of money? These boys are buying expensive motorbikes and spend Rs 3000-5000 every day at local pubs. We couldn't imagine this in Ghola a few years ago,\" said Shambhu Mukherjee, a private firm employee at Ghola Bazar. He says that the two youths who were arrested for teasing and threatening the actress are part of a group that makes easy money through this illegal nexus. \"They had spent the evening at a local pub and then spotted the girl,\" said another Ghola resident. \"No one dares stop them. They have money and links with influential people. And they are all linked to the land business,\" alleged another long-timer.Locals point out a number of plots along the expressway that have been walled up by a company, which started out as a financial firm promising to double your investment in three years. Hundreds of people were lured to invest in this company, which simply channeled it to the land business, allege locals. \"They have engaged hundreds of men to grab land for the company,\" said Sibu Sarkar, a local trader. Land prices have shot up unbelievably in the last few years.\"Three years ago, you could buy a plot on Sodepur-Madhyamgram Road for Rs 1.5-2 lakh per cottah. Now, it has crossed Rs 6.5 lakh per cottah,\" said Promod Pramanik, a resident of Manikdanga in Ghola.Facing competition from urban crime syndicates, the hooch underworld has chosen to retreat towards the rural parts of Ghola, mainly panchayat areas of Bilkanda which lies in finance minister Amit Mitra's constituency.The urban portion is a part of Panihati Municipality where for the first time the residents are experiencing day-time burglaries, snatching and attacks on women. \"Who are the people that stay on till the wee hours in bars along Kalyani Expressway? Why do the bar owners have to employ armed guards? Why isn't there a curfew hour for bars in this area,\" asked another resident, who fears that the construction material supply syndicates are luring dreaded criminals from Barrackpore industrial belt to Ghola. Chandan Saha, the secretary of Panihati Town Trinamool Congress , could not deny the growing threat. \"We are trying to stop the syndicates and illegal trades. Yes it is true that we still have a long way to go,\" admitted Saha.Senior officers of the Barrackpore commissionerate are now frequenting Ghola police station, supervising investigations and even trying to boost officer morale by ensuring better infrastructure. \"We have increased our vigil in the area and additional forces have been engaged,\" said commissioner Sanjay Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13144106", "title": "Socially networked cops make headway in accident case", "text": "BANGALORE: Efforts of traffic police to go hi-tech are yielding results . A Facebook page launched by the department a year ago has come in handy while cracking a hit-and-run case. A video of the accident posted on the social networking site has led cops to the place where the culprit had parked his car and it was promptly seized.A 27-year-old Infosys employee was run over by a maroon colour car on March 29. The victim was riding a bike when the speeding car hit him at 1.55am on BTM Layout's 16th Main. The car driver fled from the spot.A CCTV camera installed by traffic police, however, caught images of the accident. The car's number plate wasn't visible; the only clue was a blurred image. Police posted the video of the accident on their Facebook page the very next day and left a number for those with leads to contact.Within a week, cops received a call, informing them that the car had been spotted. It was found abandoned near Jayadeva flyover on Hosur Road. After investigation, traffic police found that the maroon Honda City car had a fake number plate and stolen from Maharashtra.\"The car in the video could be seen partially. Some persons who had seen the video and found the abandoned vehicle put the dots together and contacted the phone number provided on our Facebook page. We think the violator deserted the car and fled the area. We're searching for him,\" said additional commissioner of police (traffic) MA Saleem.However, cops haven't been as lucky in another hit-and-run case whose video they posted on the page. On November 21, 2011, a biker, Virupaksha Nayak, was badly injured after he was hit by a speeding car at Garebhavi Pallya off Hosur Road at 6.30am.CCTV images revealed that the culprit car could either be a Fiat or Maruti 800. But the Facebook post failed to yield any response , Saleem said.E-face of traffic copsThe Facebook page of Bangalore traffic police http:// www.facebook.com/ pages/Bangalore-Traffic-Police /147207215344994 is a venture to keep the department socially networkedThe page contains daily updates of what traffic police are doing, initiatives to help motorists and helpline details- Yogita Sengupta and Sanskriti Pandey", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143104", "title": "Defence offsets set to zoom past $4bn mark", "text": "NEW DELHI: The country has already attracted over $4.27 billion through defence \"offsets'' through arms contracts inked since October, 2007. The defence procurement policy specifies that a foreign armament company, which bags an arms deal over Rs 300 crore, must plough back at least 30% of the contract value back into India as offsets.The offsets figure will zoom further north with India poised to ink several more mega defence deals in the coming years. The around $20 billion MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project to acquire 126 fighters for IAF, for instance, specifies a 50% offset obligation on the foreign vendor.Defence minister A K Antony, in a written reply in Lok Sabha on Monday, said, ``Seventeen offset contracts have been signed so far with a value of about $ 4.279 billion. The offset contracts are at various stages of execution.''While the offset contracts worth around $3.435 billion were signed while procuring aircraft, radars, drones and other systems for IAF, the naval contracts notched up $843 million, thanks to the acquisition of fleet tankers, maritime reconnaissance aircraft, radars and UAVs.The Army does not figure in this list probably because of its slow modernization projects, which the defence ministry is only now trying to fast track after Gen V K Singh complained of ``critical hollowness'' in his force's operational capabilities.Antony said, ``The offset policy was introduced in 2005. It is a relatively new policy and is in the process of evolution. The first offset contract was signed in 2007...The positive impact of the offsets on development of the indigenous defence industrial base (DIB) will be visible in the coming years.''Replying to a question on the amount spent on capital acquisitions from foreign sources, Antony said Rs 15,443 crore was spent in 2010-11, while the figure for 2009-10 stood at Rs 13,411 crore.After several complaints last year that India's DIB was incapable of absorbing the huge offsets in pipeline, the defence ministry was forced to liberalize its offsets policy to include investments in the country's civil aerospace, homeland security and training sectors as well. Till then, the offsets had been restricted to only the defence industrial sector.India still imports almost 70% of its defence requirements because neither have the DRDO and defence PSUs got their act together, nor has the private sector stepped into the defence arena in a major way.The offsets, it is hoped, will help boost the country's DIB, with the defence ministry also encouraging joint ventures or `co-production arrangements' between Indian firms and foreign armament majors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143832", "title": "Ranjitha sues Kanchi seer for Nithyananda jibe", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil actor Ranjitha, a disciple of self-styled godman Nithyananda, lodged a criminal defamation complaint against Kanchi Sankaracharya Jayendra Saraswathi of Kanchi on Monday for his reported statements against her .Ranjitha, who could not complete the defamation proceedings formalities on Friday because of her late arrival in court,waswellon time on Monday to present her complaint to the additional chief metropolitan magistrate V P Ravindran, who was holding additional charge of the chief metropolitan magistrate court .The judge has posted the matter to May 16, when Ranjitha will have to come again to get her sworn statement recorded by the court. Once that is over,summons will be issued to the persons named by Ranjitha in her complaint.In her complaint, Ranjitha said she was a strong believer and that she used to attend several religious conferences and discourses. She said she became a disciple of Nithyananda after listening to his discourses in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.Ranjitha contended that Jayendra Saraswathi, in a statement to the media, had cast aspersions on her relationship with Nithyananda and said she was always seen with the godman. Denying the allegations, Ranjitha said they were made intentionally by the seer to defame her. Shesaidshe had suffered immense agony and stress due to the \"malicious statement\".Last week, the Kanchi acharya had spoken out against Nithyananda's appointment as the 293 rd pontiff of the ancient Madurai Adheenam, a Saivite mutt which is believed be more than 1,500 years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13141922", "title": "Morning walk turns fatal for lecturer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 31-year-old man, working as a lecturer, was run over by a speeding vehicle early Monday morning in Naranpura. Police have started hunting for the absconding vehicle driver in the case.According to Naranpura police, Manish Parihar, a resident of Vijaynagar Society in Naranpura, was out on a morning walk. While passing Jaymangal crossroads at 5:30 am an unidentified, speeding vehicle hit him.\"Passers-by called up his brother Rishit from his mobile phone and informed him about the accident after which Parihar's family rushed to the spot. But by the time they reached, Parihar had died due to severe head injuries and blood loss. There is no eye witness who can identify the vehicle that hit him. We believe that the vehicle might have approached from behind him and might not have seen him walking at side of the road,\" said a Naranpura police official.Parihar was working with Shanti School of Business. \"He was a regular walker and used to take the same route everyday. We got to know that he had married last year and on Tuesday the couple was to celebrate their first marriage anniversary,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13142739", "title": "Party cadres in Kannur bitter over 'renegade' remark", "text": "KANNUR: The lull in the party villages of Kannur is apparent. More than the killing of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan, the official response of the CPM calling him renegade seems to have upset the party cadre here.Resentment is simmering in the villages but the fear of reacting against leadership seems to be holding them back.A senior party worker from Papinissery, a party bastion, said the local leaders and workers are unhappy over the official response to the killing.\"But I don't think the party would let the resentment grow further,\" he said. VS's diatribe against the party state secretary's stand on the issue seems to have boosted the confidence of the party workers.But unlike in other places there are poster wars in the region. \"Even if you are against the party stand, you have to be silent,\" he said.Another party worker said that by terming TP as renegade the party failed to its cadres into confidence and also gave a chance to anti-Left parties to attack them.\"The leadership should have taken steps to bring back bring those rebels back instead of calling them renegade,\" he said, adding that every party worker knows who is against bringing them back. According to a CPM worker in Mattannur, the party cadres who belong to an older generation are upset over what they call the corporate attitude of the party.\"If the leadership creates an impression that it stands for the interests a group of leaders, then a part of it will drift away,\" he said.This is the party that allegedly maintains a bank account to legally fight the criminal cases of its cadres, he said. Blaming the Kannur lobby in the CPM, he also said groupism in CPM began since the time of M V Raghavan.The growth of the Kannur lobby should be read along with the transition of the cooperative establishments in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "13145756", "title": "2 boys die as car catches fire", "text": "GARHWA: In a shocking incident, two young boys were burnt alive when an old car in which they were playing suddenly caught fire at Belchampa village located eight km from the district headquarters on the Garhwa-Rehla road on Monday.Sources said Kundan Kumar (5), son of one S Kumar, and Akash Kumar (4), son of one Shambhu Paswan, were burnt alive when an old parked Ambassador car in which they were playing fire engulfed the entire car. The incident occurred at 9am. Although passersby saw the burning car and rushed to douse the flame, it was too late to save the two boys, police said adding that the cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained.Police are investigating the incident. Garhwa SP Michael Raj S said a small quantity of petrol, left in the car, could have leaked tank and spark from a nearby house might have caused the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13143413", "title": "Complaint against two for cheating women", "text": "TRICHY: Two women from Srirangam constituency submitted petitions to the district collector to take action against two men for cheating them on the promise of marriage at the grievance redressal day meet on Monday.M Lakshmi (26) from Mudikandam in Srirangam Taluk met district collector Jayashree Muralidharan to submit a petition against N Mohan from Chinnathakurichi in Pudukkottai district. Mohan worked in Singapore and the couple would talk to each other on the phone often and fell in love in 2008. When Mohan came to the village on holiday, in a few months she got pregnant. So they decided to get married and left for Courtallam on August 30, 2008.But although Mohan told her that his family had given consent for the marriage, they persuaded her to abort the baby and wait until his sister got married in a few months. Shocked by their decision, Lakshmi consumed poison. As she slipped into unconsciousness, they admitted her to a private hospital and aborted the baby. A few days later on September 5, 2008, Mohan again left for Singapore on the promise that he would marry her. He made another trip to India for his sister's marriage and left for Singapore again on May 30, 2010. The couple were in touch with each other on the phone till the end of 2011 after which Mohan started avoiding her. When Lakshmi's relatives met Mohan's relatives to discuss the issue, they intimidated all of them. Hence they lodged a complaint with the all women police station in Thiruverumbur on April 15, 2012. However, they failed to take any action. On hearing the case, the collector ordered the police to take action on the petition.In another case, G Panchavarnam (20) from Somarasampettai submitted a petition to the district collector that she was cheated by Sankar from Alluthurai who married her in front of the Velankanni church on April 11, 2012. After spending few days there, he dropped her home and refused to lead a married life with her. Moreover, he harassed her by demanding a dowry of Rs 2 lakh and five sovereigns of gold. When she took up the issue with the all women police station in Srirangam, they refused to accept the complaint and sent her back. At this juncture, two young sisters helped her approach the district collector to get justice.On Monday, the district collector referred the case to the social welfare department Trichy to deal with the case immediately. When contacted, K Yasodhai, social welfare officer, Trichy, said that the advisory committee meeting would conduct an inquiry with both the parties in a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13145810", "title": "Munda calls cabinet meeting prior to hospital discharge", "text": "RANCHI: The chief minister is not in a mood to waste even a single day in disposal of pending files or taking policy decision for development of the state.This is evident from Arjun Munda's decision to call a meeting of his council of ministers on Thursday even before the doctors have taken a final decision to discharge him from the hospital.State cabinet secretary Aditya Swaroop confirmed that a meeting of the state cabinet had been convened by the chief minister on Thursday. \"The meeting will take place at the chief minister's residence on Thursday at 11.30am,\" said Swaroop.Sources in the Apollo Hospital, where Munda is under treatment along with his wife, chief security officer of chief minister, pilot and co-pilot, said a final decision on his discharge would be taken in the next few days.\"In all probabilities, the chief minister's wife Meera Munda and chief security officer Manoj Singh will be discharged from the hospital on Tuesday,\" said a doctor. The chopper had crashed at Birsa Munda Airport on Wednesday. One of the injured passengers BJP legislator Badkunwar Gagrai has already been discharged from the hospital.A doctor said they were closely monitoring the condition of the chief minister and would take a final call on ankle surgery after consulting expert orthopaedic surgeons. \"If the chief minister has to undergo surgery, his stay in the hospital will increase by at least four to five days, otherwise he can go home and have a meeting of the cabinet,\" the doctor added that the chief minister did not have much problem in having small meetings as he disposed some files even when he was in the neuro-intensive care unit.Currently, the chief minister is out of the neuro intensive care unit and is responding well to the medication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13144298", "title": "Army men, villagers held for fracas, released", "text": "PUNE: The Hinjewadi police on Sunday night arrested four rugby players of the Armoured Corps Centre, Ahmednagar, for allegedly thrashing four villagers of Mhalunge village in Mulshi taluka over a petty dispute. The incident took place outside the Balewadi sports complex hostel at Mhalunge around 7.30 pm.The arrested players are Sureshsingh Survirsingh Sajwan (32) of Uttarakhand , Rohitsingh Brajvarsingh Sivach (25) of Meerut, Rajsingh Pavankumar Panu (25) of Haryana and Jitendra Gaje Dhama (26) of Uttar Pradesh. Villagers Mahendra Nivrutti Golande (30), Ashish Sitaram Lokhande (20), Ranjit Shantaram Padale (21) and Bhusan Purshottam Padale (22) were also arrested following a a cross-complaint lodged by army man Sajwan.Inspector Parshuram Patil (crime) told TOI that the army men and other players had reached the sports complex on Sunday for practising rugby. Meanwhile, four villagers were going to Wakad on motorcycles. The villagers had a close shave when the Army players' vehicle took a U-turn and came in front of the motorcycles.According to Patil, the incident led to an altercation between the Army players and the villagers, and both groups engaged in a fracas. \"One of the players hit villager Kunwal Padwal with a bat on his head, causing serious injuries. Three others were also injured in the incident,\" he added.Acting on a complaint registered by Mahendra Nivrutti Golande (30) of Mhalunge, the army men were arrested on charges of causing injuries to Padwal and others.The police produced both the groups before the court and sought their seven days' police custody remand. However, judicial magistrate first class Y P Marulkar rejected the pleas as no sufficient grounds were cited by the police for seeking their custody.Marulkar released Golande and others on personal bonds of Rs 15,000 each with one solvent surety of the same amount. They have been ordered to give attendance at the Hinjewadi police station every Thursday between 10 am and 12 noon till chargesheet against them were filed or next order, whichever was earlier. The court warned them not to tamper with the prosecution's evidence and co-operate with the police. The army men also were released on personal bonds of Rs 15,000 each.Meanwhile, the Army filed a plea to transfer the probe as per section 475 of the Criminal Procedure Code for conducting proceedings against them under the Army Act. But, assistant public prosecutor Rajendra Suryavanshi objected to transferring of investigations on the grounds that it was at a preliminary stage. Marulkar ruled that the issue will be decided at the time of filing chargesheet.When contacted, the defence public relations officer Sanjay Arvikar said that he had no comments to offer on the arrest of army men as he was not aware about the incident.Even as the Army has started a court of inquiry into the breach of discipline at Nyoma in eastern Ladakh, where officers and jawans of an artillery regiment clashed against each other, the Hinjewadi police on Sunday night arrested four rugby players of the Army Core Centre at Ahmednagar for allegedly thrashing a few villagers of Mhalunge gram panchayat over a petty dispute. The incident took place outside Balewadi sports complex hostel at Mhalunge about 7.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13144258", "title": "Buses need to have first-aid box, fire extinguishers", "text": "PUNE: School buses with seating capacity of up to 12 seats would not be required to have an attendant, the draft rules for proposed amendments in the school bus rules say. In such cases, it is the driver who will perform the duties of the attendant.Another proposed amendment says that the lowest foot step of the school bus entrance door should be at a height not exceeding 300 mm from the ground and that all steps should be fitted with non-slip threads.The driver's seating area in the bus is to be clearly separated from the passenger's compartment by providing grill or horizontal or vertical bars. Buses should be equipped with a first-aid box and fire-extinguishers. Buses with a seating capacity of up to 12 seats need to have one fire extinguisher with a capacity of 2 kg, buses with seating capacity of up to 20 passengers will need to have one extinguisher with a capacity of 5 kg, and buses with seating capacity of over 20 seats need to have two extinguishers with a capacity of 5 kg each.The government has invited suggestions and objections from citizens about the proposed amendments. Meanwhile, the government has directed all the district school bus safety committees to invite the representatives of the school bus transporters union for the committee meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13143969", "title": "Duo wanted for rape-murder in Belapur arrested from Nerul park", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The two men wanted for the rape-murder that took place under the CBD-Belapur flyover were finally arrested by the Navi Mumbai crime branch on Monday.Talking about the arrests, deputy commissioner of police (crime) D T Shinde said, \"Our team received a specific tip-off that the two accused were at a park in Sector 19, Nerul. We laid a trap on the spot and arrested both of them.\" The accused have been identified as Rahimuddin Shaikh alias John D'souza , alias Babu (24) and Sandeep Samadhan Shirsath alias Raghu Rokada (19).Both Babu and Raghu freelanced as cooks for various catering agencies at events in Navi Mumbai, doing odd jobs like cutting vegetables. Since they had access to liquor at these events, they had reportedly also turned into alcoholics.On May 9, the accused lured two ragpicker women, aged 20 and 26 years, from Vashi to Belapur, promising them jobs with a catering agency. However, the duo took the women under the flyover and made them consume alcohol. They then led the women into a hidden creviceundertheflyoverandrapedand stabbed them.The younger woman managed to crawl out of the hole and told the police about the assault, but by then the other woman had succumbed to her injuries. DCP Shinde said, \"The accused have confessed that they were worried their victims may approach the police after the incident, which is why they decided to kill them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13143671", "title": "Parents petition collector against school on fee hike", "text": "COIMBATORE: Parents of children studying in a private school in the city on Monday alleged that the school has been collecting excess fee without providing sufficient facilities to their wards. They submitted a petition to the district collector demanding to take action against Vivekam Matriculation School at Periyanaickenpalayam.M Rajendran, one of the parents who handed over the petition to the collector, said the school was charging excess fees and lacked basic facilities. \"An LKG student is charged Rs 17,000 per year while the school hardly has any of the basic facilities. The school has a total area of around 1 acre and 19 cents, in which three houses are also located,\" he said.Parents said the school, with a strength of around 2,000 students, lack in basic facilities like toilets and water. Students have to walk for some distance to use the toilets, they alleged. Fee structure of the school has not been mentioned in the website of the State Fees Determination committee, they said.\"We are sending our children to this school only because there is no other school in our immediate vicinity. Toilets are situated some 300 meters away from the school building,\" said G Manikandan, another parent. He said that the school charges three or four times more for the textbooks than what is approved by the government and do not give receipts for any of the fees they collect.Correspondent of the school C Selvaraj denied the charge of taking excess fees. He said the school has all the facilities stipulated by the government. \"The government has fixed one acre as the land needed for starting a school and we have more than that,\" he said.Officials of the district education department said that they have received the petition and suitable actions will be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13143118", "title": "\u2018 Multi-national companies\u2019 green claims via ads misleading\u2019", "text": "INDORE: The Multi-national companies (MNCs) using green strategies to sell FMCGs and consumer durables products in the country may not be substantiating their claims in majority of the advertisements. A research conducted by the faculty and scholars of a leading business school presented at the Indian Institute of Management-Indore (IIM-I) has found evidences against the MNCs making misleading green claims in majority of the advertisements.The research paper was awarded with second prize in a conference on Excellence in Research and Education where more than 120 delegates from reputed universities, institutions and corporate houses presented their research papers on various fields of management.Subhadip Roy, one of the researchers, said, \"The trend of environment-conscious consumerism has grown rapidly in the last few decades. Marketers have been extensively using terminologies such as 'recyclable', 'earth-friendly' and 'organic\" for promotion. There is a need to understand exactly where do these ads cross the thin line between green advertising and green washing.\" More specifically, which aspects of green advertisement strategy need more amendments to stop such activities, he added.To come to a result, the authors conducted a content analysis of 150 green advertisements published by the leading green companies of the world. The MECCAS model was used to code the data and understand to the extent of green marketing content in the same. The ads were classified into five categories: extra-green, green, light-green, green-brown and brown based on the nature and amount of green elements in them.\"We found that ad developers did not implement all aspects of green advertising strategies in majority of the cases. Implications for green marketers and advertisement developers to enhance the credibility of such advertisements have been provided in the study,\" said Roy. The research papers are awaiting review from US-based Journal of Advertising where the researchers have approached. \"We have approached the US-based journal. It takes nearly six-months in review,\" said Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13142128", "title": "Goa common entrance test at competitive best", "text": "PANAJI: When the Goa common entrance test (GCET) results were announced on Monday, it emerged that the test is now bigger than ever. Not only was the number of students-3,744-who appeared the highest ever, the competition also proved to be very close with most of the top spots in all subjects being shared by more than one student.\"We have been noticing over the years that the capabilities of the students answering GCET are improving. The physics paper for GCET, for instance, was quite tough and students have done very well despite that,\" IIT Mumbai's physics professor SS Major said. IIT Mumbai, through a memorandum of understanding with the Goa government, has been conducting GCET.The results saw Subham Sudin Pai Kuchelkar and Ravina Satish Nachnolkar scoring the highest-73 out of 75-in chemistry, Goutam Manjanath Bhat and Pratik Piyush Panchal sharing the top spot by scoring 74 in maths, Neha Da Rocha and Pallavi Giri taking top place in biology with each scoring 73, Goutam Manjanath Bhat topping in physics with a score of 71 and Amey Shailesh Kamat with a score of 71 topping in computer science.The other top scores in the first five positions in all subjects were also shared.\"Though the nature of common entrance tests in different states is varied, with some having negative marking too, we are left in no doubt that students in Goa are as good as anywhere else in the country. The quality of performance of students has definitely been going up,\" Major said.Technical education director Vivek Kamat said the availability in Goa of coaching facilities to answer national competitive exams, such as the IITJEE and the all India medical entrance exam, could have led to the rise in the competitiveness at GCET.\"I cannot say if the coaching classes have led to the increase in students answering GCET, but it could be the reason for higher competitiveness,\" Kamat said.The number of students answering GCET has also gone up significantly since 2008 when 2,935 appeared for the test. In the following year the number increased to 3,155 and rose further in 2010 to 3,424 and reached an all time high this year of 3,744.GCET is conducted for admissions to professional degree courses in Goa in medicine, dentistry, engineering, pharmacy and homeopathy. This year, the test was conducted on May 8 and 9, 2012 in ten centres across the state.Of the 3,744 registered for the test, 3,709 appeared for physics and a similar number answered the chemistry paper. Maths was attempted by 2,851 students and the biology paper was answered by 2,781 candidates. Another 239 attempted the test for computer science. The least marks scored by a student were four in the physics paper.With GCET results announced, the process for admissions to professional colleges will begin. The dates for submission of form 'B' for admissions has been changed due to the panchayat elections and the forms will now be accepted from May 17 to 26, 2012 at Ravindra Bhavan in Margao for south Goa students and directorate of technical education office at Porvorim for north Goa aspirants. GCET results have been uploaded on along with the answer-keys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142457", "title": "Soumitra felicitated for lifetime contribution", "text": "KOLKATA: Legendary thespian and artist, Soumitra Chatterjee was felicitated by the Rotary Club of Calcutta Metropolitan at an event at the GD Birla Sabhaghar in the city on Monday for his lifetime contribution to Indian cinema and theatre.Recipient of the prestigious Padma Bhushan in the past and the Dadasaheb Phalke award recently, he has been among the most acknowledged actors and a living legend since his 1959 debut in Satyajit Ray's Apu-r Sansar.Chatterjee also recited one of Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore's Protidin Tobo Gatha, as his tribute to the poet.\"I'm absolutely privileged and thoroughly honoured to have received so much love and support from people all these years. I am truly grateful to my audience,\" the legendary actor said.He also thanked his family for the love and support and expressed that he has, till date, never acted with an objective to receive any award. \"I have never really acted all these years or done anything keeping in mind any award. I want to thank my family for all their love, care and support they have provided,\" the veteran actor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13141984", "title": "Sand mafia crackdown: 55 cases lodged on Day 1", "text": "NASHIK: After taking over the reins of minor minerals, the additional collector ordered strict vigilance against the sand mafia active in the district. On the very first day of action, the administration registered cases against 55 offenders and the officials have been ordered to file cases against miners and check their sources as well.\"The sand comes from illegal mines in Dhule, Jalgaon and Ahmednagar districts and is routed in Nashik or even to Mumbai. Since the history of action against the sand-mafia is not good, we have decided to conduct round-the-clock vigilance at all check points where ample of light, security personnel and other measures are available, to take action against such mafia. The first day has yielded 55 cases filed against those transporting rubble, murum and sand illegally,\" said additional collector R V Game.For the first time, five-member teams have been appointed district-wide with police personnel to guard each team. Most importantly none of the teams would go on field risking their lives. Rather, they would be stationed at check points like inter-district toll plazas, octroi nakas and other such places, for eight-hour shifts. as an add ed safety.Going a step further, the additional collector has roped in the regional transport office (RTO) and the police department to ensure that the repeated offenders and their vehicles do not escapethis time.\"We have asked the officials to check the documentations carried by vehicles asn maintain a record of the mines from where the sand or articles are sourced. They have also been instructed to click photographs of drivers if they are caught smuggling and to also check if vehicles are over loaded. The vehicles, if caught for the first time, will be released only after penalties of all the departments, including the RTO, are collected on the spot. If the offenders are habitual, or the vehicle has a second offence, criminal cases will be lodged against them,\" Game said.The teams have been posted at Chehadi Octori Naka, entry point in Nashik city from Ahmednagar-end, toll plazas at Dindori, Pimpalgaon, Chandwad, Malegaon for inspecting the vehicles and the department is determined to carry out this integrated exercise till June, if not further.While the action in Nashik tehsil against one sand transporter and ten murum and rubble transporters, alone yielded Rs 75,000 of penalty, ( a value equivalent to thrice the sum of market price of the sand) additional penalties including royalty and was yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143956", "title": "Ex-Madras chief justice faults police for action on anti-nuclear activists", "text": "CHENNAI: Former chief justice of the Madras high court A PShah has criticised the Tamil Nadu police for the way they handled the anti-nuclear protests at Idinthakarai, near Kudankulam. \"The people are showing their grievance. Instead of addressing the issue, the police were using force, which is not in the interests of democracy,\" he told reporters on Monday.Shah is part of a three member independent jury which has been conducting public hearings and collecting testimonies from residents of Idinthakarai and journalists. The jury, constituted by the Chennai Solidarity Group for Kudankulam Struggle, includes Geeta Ramaseshan, senior advocate at the Madras high court, and a Prabha Kalvimani, a professor. Shah said, \"The police are under the impression that they can suppress protests through force. But the protests do go on.\"Anti-nuclear protesters observing an indefinite hunger strike at Idinthakarai near Kudankulam in Tirunelveli district withdrew the fast on Monday following a request from the retired judge, said S P Udhayakumar, convener of the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy, spearheading the protests. \"But the relay fast and protest will continue,'' Udhayakumar said.Meanwhile, the jury will shortly submit a report to various government agencies including the national human rights commission.Shah said people have the right to gather and protest. There have been no incident of violence and yet they have been labelled 'anti-national'.\"Every project needs a public hearing which hasn't happened. The environment impact assessment which was done in 1988, the safety reports and seismic reports are not available to the public. The government should come forward with these documents and address the people,\" said Shah.He stressed that technologically-advanced countries were shying away from nuclear energy. \"Only 30 have nuclear energy. Countries like Germany, Japan and Switzerland have abandoned nuclear technology,\" he said.Officials, however, have been maintaining that the protest was not entirely peaceful, as the campaigners had prevented workers of the plant from getting into the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13142758", "title": "Nigerians nabbed for drugs, fake visas", "text": "CALANGUTE: A police team seized drugs worth 1,76,550 from a Nigerian national in a raid at Saligao on Monday noon.Acting on a tip off, the police rushed to Grande Morod, Saligao, and intercepted Victor Izuchukwu Ubalozi. After a search, they found drugs in the possession of the 37-year-old man.The team recovered 6g of cocaine worth 36,000, 205g of charas worth 20,500 and ganja weighing 105g, worth 1,050. In addition, two cellphones, a passport with a fake visa and cash amounting to 1.19 lakh was also recovered from him.He was arrested and an offence registered against him under Section 20 (b) (ii) (B) and Section 21 (b) of the Narcotics, Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985. PSI Devyani Naik is conducting further investigations.The raid was conducted by PI Nolasco Raposo of Calangute police station along with constables, Satyan Bugde, Vaman Naik and Akshay Tirodkar and also PI Naik, under the supervision of DySP Bossuet D'Silva and SP (north) Vijay Singh .In another incident, two Nigerian nationals, Johnson Ezechukwu Chukwudi, 37, and Romanus Ikechukwu Onyeisi were intercepted during patrolling after they were found moving in a suspicious manner. After checking their passport, they found fake visas with forged signatures. The police have registered nine cases of fake visas within a month. Both were arrested under two separate offences under Section 420, 468 and 471 of IPC and Section 7 (1) (3) read with Section 14 of the Foreigners Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "13142919", "title": "Unseasonal rains worry paddy ryots", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Farmers are in deep distress with thousands of paddy bags left in the open at the paddy purchase centres (PPCs) in Nizamabad. With the unseasonal rains lashing north Telangana, the ryots are worried that months of their toil would go down the drain if the crop is soiled or soaked in the rain. As there are no vehicles to transport the paddy bags to rice mills, the farmers are at their wit's end.Gutpe Gangaram, a farmer of Madanpalli village in Makhloor mandal told TOI that no vehicle had come to the Madanpalli PPC to pick up the paddy in the last three days. \"We are concerned as there is every chance of the entire crop getting wet in the rain,\" he pointed out. Though the PCC commenced operations on May 4, paddy procurement was delayed due to shortfall of gunny bags. Another farmer Chevula Bhumaiah said the problem has been compounded due to shortage of paddy cleaning machines at the PPCs.With a view to procuring crop directly from the farmers and putting an end to the middlemen, the district administration has set up 210 PPCs. Till now, 1.11 lakh metric tonnes of paddy has been procured as against 2.5 lakh MTs. A total of 8.7 lakh MTs of crop is expected to arrive this season. G Gangaram, secretary, Primary Agriculture Cooperative Society (PACS), agreed that shortage of vehicles has become a major problem for the farmers.Source said that due to delay in procurement at the PPCs, farmers are getting restive and selling their produce at below the minimum support price (MSP) of Rs 1,110. Farmers were paid between Rs 980 and Rs 1,000 for 'A' grade paddy by the rice merchants. A majority of farmers from Jakranpalli mandal sold their produce to private traders because of delay in procurement at the PPC. Sources said the traders themselves have opened 250 purchase centres to buy directly from the ryots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13142741", "title": "Govt should decide on medium of instruction issue, Mopa airport before polls: Cong", "text": "PANAJI: With the Cortalim byelection fast approaching, the Congress party has demanded that the BJP government take a decision on the medium of instruction (MoI) issue and clarify its stand on Mopa airport and regional plan controversies before the elections.Speaking to media persons on Monday, Congress spokesperson Jitendra Deshprabhu said that although the Regional plan 2021 presented by the Congress party needed some corrections, the BJP intention to denotify the same will benefit the land sharks.\"In reality this decision will benefit the land sharks because BJP will go back to the Regional Plan 2001,\" said Deshprabhu, adding that with this move the government would be breaking the promise made to the people during the recent assembly election.Turning to the MoI issue, Deshprabhu flayed the BJP government for seeking advice from the church instead of meeting the demands of the diocesan society on the issue.On the airport controversy, Deshprabhu said that if the government wants to go ahead with the Mopa airport, then it should ensure that the Dabolim airport will continue to remain open simultaneously. Congress wants this government to spell out its decision on this issue as the economy of the state depends on tourism, he said. \"We demand that the government should have an agreement with the developer of Mopa airport or any other authority so that Dabolim is retained,\" he added.With regard to the Cortalim elections, Deshprabhu said, \"The candidate for Cortalim will be from among the people of Cortalim. We are trying for an experienced candidate, we expect that likeminded secular forces will support wholeheartedly such a candidate to save secularism in the state of Goa,\" he said.\"Congress is a party with a mass base and no communal agenda. Yes, we have made mistakes and did not realize the aspirations of the people, but Congress has always stood for the benefit of the common man and will continue to do so in the future,\" said Deshprabhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13144192", "title": "In Varanasi incense is lost in garbage stink", "text": "VARANASI: The pleasing incense filling the atmosphere during aarati and other rituals has been overcome by the strong odour of garbage. This is the scene at one of the most spectacular ghats in the city, the Dasaswamedh Ghat.The ghat, which is centrally located and witnesses round-the-year activities, has started to crumble, as reflected in its broken steps and ruptured platforms.When TOI visited the ghat on Monday, signs of wear and tear were easily visible. The stone slabs placed two years ago to strength the steps under a project of the tourism department were also crumbling. The corners and platforms of the ghat were flooded with marks of betel spits while the condition of dust bins placed at the ghat was also pathetic.While the receding Ganga had left heavy deposition of silt and mud on the embankments, the dumping of leftovers of puja and other rituals on the ghat had turned the embankments murky. Loads of rotten flowers, garlands and plastic bags were found to be floating near the embankments and wastes from other ghats were also carried along river banks.\"The renovated steps and platforms have started to rupture, unable to withstand even two bouts of monsoon season. The stone slabs that were fixed to the steps and platforms have started to crumble, some of them already uprooted from their original place. It is surprising that the move that was made to give a strengthened look to the ghat has actually weakened it, besides giving filthy look to the ghat,\" said Vinod Majhi, one of the local boatmen and residents of the locality.It may be mentioned here that the Dasaswamedh Ghat was included in the seven prominent ghats selected for renovation under 'Revitalisation of Varanasi' project launched by the tourism department in 2008-09. Under the project, the stone slabs were put on the ruptured steps and platforms to strength them. The work was completed by CPWD and then it was handed over to the Varanasi Nagar Nigam for maintenance.According to Dinesh Kumar, regional tourism officer, to restore the heritage and ancient look of the ghat, a proposal involving local residents is being worked out that will take care of the old glory of the ghat along with neighbouring ghats spreading up to Rana Mahal Ghat. He also said some part of the beautification and renovation work could be completed under the earlier project, as out of Rs 7.86 crore, nearly four crores were released and it also included renovation of kunds and prominent gullies leading to the ghats.Meanwhile, reports from VNN office suggested that scarcity of funds is hampering the maintenance and care of ghats, though the office has recently conducted survey and is gearing to act on project to get rid of graffiti from red stone walls of buildings facing the ghats with the help of ASI and INTACH in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13143285", "title": "Railways to keep a tab on food quality", "text": "PATNA: Concerned at poor quality of meals served in the New Delhi-Ranchi Rajdhani Express (12240) on Friday night which caused illness to a few passengers, including an MP from Jharkhand, the railways has decided to chalk out a comprehensive plan to keep a tab on quality of food served to train passengers.According to a Railway Board official, the railways took over charge of catering from the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) under the new catering policy introduced in the railways sometime back. Efforts are being made to provide quality meals and breakfast on all trains, including premier ones like Rajdhani Express, he said.Expressing shock over the Friday incident, a senior official of the Board said that an internal inquiry is being held into the matter. \"Appropriate action would be taken after completion of the inquiry,\" he said. According to him, the railways has directed each of its zones to set up a cell at its respective headquarter for strict monitoring of meals and other items supplied to passengers on trains and railway platforms. Besides, the railways has asked its officials belonging to commercial wing to print price of each item on the meal packets so that passengers do not face any hassles while paying for them. The railways has warned pantry car staff not to charge extra money from passengers, a Board official said, adding issuing of bill to passengers is a must now.According to an East Central Railway (ECR) official, the railways has set up a team of commercial inspectors under each division of the zone to carry out surprise check of food quality. The ECR will provide initial training to these inspectors at Hajipur-based Hotel Management and Catering Institution.These inspectors would be authorized to check premier trains like Rajdhani Express and Sampoorna Kranti Express to ensure supply of quality food to passengers. About 80 selected commercial inspectors have been trained so far at Hajipur, he said.Medical fitness of each staff of the pantry car has now become mandatory for serving meals to passengers. Maintenance of cleanliness and hygiene has been attached extra importance. The railways is now insisting on maintaining quality, quantity and price (QQP) since it took over charge of catering from the IRCTC, a Board official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "13143908", "title": "Nepal plane crash: 13 Indians die; 2 girls &amp; dad rescued", "text": "KATHMANDU: Two Indian children aged nine and six were pulled out alive along with their father and three others from the wreckage of a small plane that crashed near a tricky airport around 2,600m above sea level in northern Nepal on Monday, killing 15 of the 21 people on board, mostly Indians.Officials said 13 Indians killed in the crash included the mother of the two. Seven of them were from Mumbai and one from Hyderabad. It was unclear where the rest were from and the airline didn't identify the dead.Kathmandu's Indian embassy identified three Indian survivors as Tirumala Kidambi Sreekanth, Tirumala Kidambi Sreevardhini (9) and Tirumala Kidambi Sreepada (6). They were airlifted to the tourist town of Pokhara for treatment along with other survivors - two Danes and a Nepalese air hostess. Officials said Sreekanth was admitted to Pokhara's Manipal Teaching Hospital ICU, while the two children were in a post-operative ward. B L Karna of Tribhuvan airport said the pilot aborted landing at Jomsom airport at the last moment and tried to return to Pokhara, 60km away, due to a technical problem.Officials of Kathmandu's Tribhuvan International airport said the Agni Air Dornier 9N AIG, which crashed near Jomsom airport in Nepal, ploughed into the ground while it was trying to ascend. \"The pilot had reported a warning light flashing in the cockpit as he descended to Jomsom. The aircraft seems to have lost balance,\" said B L Karna of rescue coordination committee at Tribhuvan airport.Reports said the aircraft broke into pieces, but did not catch fire and that rescuers managed to reach the scene swiftly thanks to its proximity to an army camp. The crash was the second deadly air disaster involving the airline in less than two years and the fifth in Nepal in less than two years. It comes about eight months after 10 Indians were killed in another crash near Kathmandu. Jomsom Airport is among one of the world's most dangerous airfields due to the mountainous terrain on the approach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13143798", "title": "Bangalore, Mumbai teams play down on-field spat", "text": "BANGALORE: Mumbai's match-winner Ambati Rayudu engaged in a fracas with Bangalore bowler Harshal Patel after their Indian Premier League match at M Chinnaswamy Stadium on Monday, highlighting again the intensity of the contest.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | In PicsRejoicing on the ground after Mumbai's win over Bangalore, Rayudu pumped his fists in the air, which apparently provoked Patel to charge up to the batsman. However, the sparring duo's teammates closed in on them and doused the fire.When asked about incident, Bangalore's stand-in skipper Virat Kohli termed it as a \"rush of blood.\" \"I wouldn't like to comment about that. At the end of the day it could have been rush of blood, but it didn't look good,\" he said.\"I went up to the umpire and told him that he (Rayudu) had absolutely no reason to go up to a player (Harshal Patel) after winning the match. He should have gone to the dugout and celebrated with his teammates rather than go up to a player and say stuff on his face,\" he added.Kohli, however, praised the partnership between Rayudu and Kieron Pollard. \"The partnership between Pollard and Rayudu took the game away from us,\" he said. \"Appanna bowled really well in the last game. In Twenty20 anyone can go for runs. But Appi went for 20 runs in an over and as a captain, it is difficult to make up for a regular bowler with a part-timer,\" he added.Meanwhile Kieron Pollard, who along with Rayudu shared a 122-run partnership and helped himself to a half-century, blamed the on-field spat on the intensity of the contest. \"I hit the ball to midwicket and I was looking at the ball. So I didn't see what happened. That was part of cricket obviously, although it looked a bit ugly,\" he said.\"At the end of the day, emotions run high. There are quite a few teams who are fighting it out for the play-off spots and it is a crowded table. You get these sorts of things in these sorts of games. It is all done and dusted. As a game, we won it, got two points and go back to Mumbai,\" he added.Pollard said their key strategy to win was to score as many runs as possible and keep off-spinner Muttiah Muralitharan at bay. \"We knew we had to chase it down. Rayudu and myself decided that if we can bat a couple of overs and see out Murali, as he is one of the most dangerous bowlers, we could do it. It was such a good batting wicket and the Bangalore ground is small.\"\"Getting a 50 is nothing big but when you get a 50 and your team wins,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143480", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority tries to win villagers support for ring road project land", "text": "JAIPUR: In order to give a push to the ring road project, senior officials of the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) on Monday visited the site and met villagers protesting to surrender their acquired land.As deadlock continues between the Ring Road Sangrash Samiti and state government, the Jaipur Development Commissioner (JDC) N C Goyal along with officials visited four villages to appease the owners whose land has been acquired. An official said, \"To convince the villagers to give possession of the acquired land we went to Chimanpura, Peepla, Muhana and Achrawala villages.\"He added, \"We educated the villagers about how they would be benefited if project is completed on time.\" According to the officials, around 50% of the affected farmers favour the project and accepted the allotment letter issued by the local authority.Under the ring road project, JDA has proposed a 90-metre wide transport corridor and 135-wide development corridors on both sides. The idea has, however, not gone down well with farmers who are demanding market price compensation for the 90-metre stretch and return of excess land.Appreciating the efforts of the officials this time, Ring Road Sangrash Samiti president said, \"This is for the first time the representatives of the state government have come forward to redress problems of the villagers.\" He claimed, \"We have demanded that the profit of 135-metre acquired land be given to the farmers. The JDC has assured the farmers that a proposal will be prepared in this regard and forwarded to the state government.\"However, an official source said during the empowered committee meeting, urban housing and development minister Shanti Dhariwal announced that the ring road will only be constructed on the proposed 360 metres and dismissed the allegations that JDA is earning extra profit from the land acquired for developing corridor. These conditions have contributed to the deadlock.An official said, \"The JDA has to spend around Rs 2,275 crore to construct the development corridor and the amount from sale of the acquired land will be around Rs 1,500 crore and the authority has to bear nearly Rs 700 crore. As JDA will not earn profit, the farmers' demands are unjustified.\"Along with the transport corridor, the JDA will also have to build slip lanes, underpasses, gas and electricity lines on the development corridor of which the farmers are demanding back 25%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "13144040", "title": "Builders caught in Thane plot row", "text": "MUMBAI : A 25-acre residential plot in Thane's Majiwade area is at the centre of a legal dispute between builder from Mumbai Wadhwa Group and owner of the land Ravechi Property Developers .In 2010, the two signed an agreement to jointly develop part of the property . Wadhwa said it paid its partner Rs 36 .5 crore , but then , Ravechi failed to go ahead with the project . Last month , Wadhwa moved court , and on Friday , Ravechi told a division bench of the Bombay high court that it would not dispose of or alienate the property till the matter was resolved .Atthecrux of thedispute is the objection raised by over 60 bungalow owners , who currently occupy the land .They protestedthatR avechi wanted to change the plan of the entire layout , which was earlier approved by theThane Municipal Corporation . They feared that their bungalows would be surrounded by towers .\"If the builder wants to change the plan , he must consult us first ,\" said one of the villa purchasers of Neelkanth Woods residential project , which issued a legal notice to Ravechi last November through advocate Vinod Sampat .The notice said the developer , in collusion with some person , was approaching the municipal commissioner and the building proposals department of the Thane Municipal Corporation to make changes in the building plans . They added that any change of plan without their consent or written permission would be illegal . But Wadhwa , through its solicitor Parimal Shroff , said its agreement with Ravechi did not include the 14,264.49 sq m of floor space index (FSI ) already consumed in building 63 bungalows and villas . The joint venture would build multi-storied buildings on the remaining 42,282 sq-m land .\"It was agreed that the petitioners will pay Rs 50 crore to Ravechi , which will also be entitled to 12% of the net sale proceeds of the project , subject to an amount of Rs 245 crore for permitting the Limited Liability Partnership (LLP) Company to develop the said property ,\" said Wadhwa's petition .Ravechi was to make the marketable title free from encumbrances andobtain title certificate stating that the land was free of encumbrances . \"Prior to execution of the development agreement , Ravechi was to obtain a certificate from its architect , confirming the balance FSI of 69 ,040 sq m is available for development and TDRof 78,405sq m tobeloaded on the property ,\" said the petition . It added that Ravechi failed to comply with its obligation and Wadhwa had to move court . \"In spite of the petitioners requiring Ravechi to cooperate in forming the LLP and execute the development agreement , they have failed and neglected to carry out their obligations ,\" it added .Anshul Bhimjyani of Ravechi Developers told TOI that both disputes were \"on the verge of settlement\" . \"There has been some miscommunication and we will resolve them ,\" he said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13143275", "title": "Doctors dispute government fiat against Nimesulide", "text": "PATNA: The Union health ministry has directed the states, including Bihar, to restrict the use of popular analgesic nimesulide in adults, after banning it completely for paediatric use. Doctors in the state are split over desirability of the directive.This drug is approved in only a few countries, including Russia, Colombia and Mexico, while it has been banned in the US, EU countries and other developed nations. Experts say the biggest side effect of the drug is liver toxicity.However, doctors here say that instead of using American standards to test the side-effects of any drug, Indian clinical conditions must be taken into consideration. Dr Diwakar Tejaswi claims, \"We generally follow FDA ( Food and Drug Administration ) standards of the US for approval or ban on drugs, which are based on American people's genetic make-up that might not necessarily match with Indian conditions. Many drugs that are not approved by the FDA are approved by European Drug Control authorities. So Indian pharmcovigilance needs to be developed.\"He adds, \"Proper tests should have been conducted to test the liver toxicity of nimesulide and other such non-steroidal anti-inflammatory analgesics before banning it. The drug has been a boon for poor patients, especially for those belonging to states like Bihar.\"Noted surgeon Dr A A Hai opines, \"All the drugs have both advantages and disadvantages. What is more important than banning of drugs is the awareness in medical community to prescribe a drug keeping in mind all its limitations. In many a case, if a doctor takes care of the possible side-effects of a drug in a patient keeping in mind his medical history, then a drug which is not prescribed to one patient can be prescribed to another. \"Dr. Amulya Kumar Singh, an orthopaedic, adds, \"Nimesulide is a very effective pain killer. I agree that in infants it must not be used and also not used with certain combinations, but with adults, its use can be allowed, with a precaution of not overusing it.\"Some others, however, espouse blanket ban on the use of the medicine. Dr Mohan Kejriwal says, \"Liver toxicity is perceptibly high in cases of Nimesulide use. We welcome the government's move.\"The state government is, on the other hand, playing safe. \"As per the advisory issued to us, I have directed all the authorities concerned to make sure that only those nimesulide packets are sold which bear the requisite warning for the adult patients. I hope within a month's time, all the chemists would be following it in totality, \"said state drug controller SN Sahu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "uppada kothapalli (east godavari)", "code": "13143001", "title": "Two officials detained over fisherman's death", "text": "UPPADA KOTHAPALLI (EAST GODAVARI): Tension prevailed on Monday afternoon after a fisherman died while trying to escape from the marine police and fisheries department officials at Ramisettipeta.The deceased fisherman was identified as Ummidi Satti Raju, 42, of Ramisettipeta village, 5 km from Uppada Kothapalli. Hundreds of fishermen of Uppada and Ameenabada detained two officials of the fisheries department. The marine police fled the scene after the incident and took shelter in the Uppada Kothapalli police station.Raju was among five fishermen who ventured into the sea for fishing on Monday despite the fishing ban. Following information, the marine police and fisheries officials waited at parra (the point where a canal merges into the sea) to nab them. Upon seeing the police jeep and the fisheries officials, Satti Raju jumped onto another boat when he reached the coast. He landed on the boat anchored in the area and died.Sources said Raju might have died of a cardiac arrest as there was no injury external injury. Fellow fishermen detained Satyanarayana, fisheries development officer of Kothapalli and his Tondangi colleague blaming them for the death. They demanded compensation for Raju's family. Raju is survived by his wife and three sons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13144514", "title": "Students flock to Ranchi for Plus II admission", "text": "RANCHI: With the process for Plus II admission beginning Monday, a large number of students from across the state have started making a beeline to the state capital for admission in government schools.\"While all government schools have been directed to issue admission forms from today, filled up forms will not be accepted now as the students are yet to receive their marksheets,\" said district education officer (DEO) Mahip Singh. The date for submission of forms will be announced within a few days.There are as many as twelve government high schools in the city with a total of 3,000 seats. Out of these, only three schools -- Balkrishna +2 High School, Shivnarayan +2 High School and Janata +2 High School -- offer admission in arts, commerce and science streams. The remaining nine schools offer admission only in science and arts streams.Students from various parts of the state have already started flocking to various +2 high schools in the city for admission forms. Prince Raj , a student from Hazaribagh, who secured 58.6% in his matriculation examination, said: \"I have already taken forms for three schools and will be getting two more tomorrow.\"Apart from admission in regular subjects of science, commerce and arts, these high schools also offer admission in various vocational courses. The DEO said, \"Some schools are offering self employment courses in office management, computer science, food and fruit preservation, mining, poultry production and farming and sericulture.\"Other vocational courses on offer are textile and designing, auto engineering, multi-purpose health workers, medical lab technician, household wiring and accounts.The vocational courses have been attracting many students this year as they open up opportunities of employment immediately after schooling. As Rajeev, a student, said, \"I belong to a economically backward family and it is important for me to start working at the earliest to support my family. For this, I will be apply for household wiring course. This is a two-year course and I can get work immediately once I complete it.\"The DEO said the cut-off marks for admission in various courses have not yet been decided.\"All schools have been directed to call a meeting soon and declare their respective cut-off marks by May 20,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13144175", "title": "Dacoits loot Rs 1.8crore from ATM van", "text": "BANGALORE: Twelve unmasked dacoits brandishing guns and choppers waylaid a vehicle ferrying cash for ATMs and attacked security staff accompanying it on Monday morning. They fled with Rs 1.87 crore cash a stone's throw from R T Nagar police station.The filmi operation was executed in a high-security zone - home to legislators and prominent politicians - on RT Nagar 8th Cross, behind BSNL exchange, near the BDA complex.The CMS security services' van was ferrying cash to an ATM in the area when a light-maroon Chevrolet Tavera ground to a halt before it. The CMS vehicle, too, stopped ; in no time a sedan rammed it from behind. The cash van was jammed between the two vehicles. Before the gun-toting CMS personnel could realize, dacoits jumped out of the MUV and the sedan and started carting away the cash bags.\"A dacoit pulled out the ignition key from the security vehicle and opened the rear door. The gang shifted all the seven cash boxes into its vehicles ,\" a senior police officer said. The dacoits broke the front glass pane of the cash van before driving away.ATM van did not have grillsBANGALORE: The Rs 1.87-crore heist in RT Nagar on Monday morning is steeped in mystery as the security agency shipping the money in a van didn't send the signature high-security grilled van.The CMS Security Services had sent a Chevrolet Tavera to ship wads of currency to an ATM in RT Nagar when it was targeted by dacoits in two vehicles . \"The dacoits' operation indicates that they knew where the cash was kept,\" a senior police officer said. Witnesses thought it was a case of road rage when two vehicles sandwiched the cash van in the middle of the road. \"I and some others rushed to intervene , but retreated as the dacoits brandished choppers and a pistol-like weapon at us,\" Y Keshava, a hotel employee, said.The dacoits, too, used a Tavera which bore the number, KA-03 C-2428 . A similar vehicle was found abandoned in Munireddy Palya, a couple of kilometres away, sparking off an alarm. It turned out that the MUV is owned by a family.Four employees were on the cash van: driver Venkatesh, cash box in-charge Nemichandra , and security personnel Anand Kumar and and Somanna Shetty with a .303 rifle . The four men suffered minor bruises in the incident and were treated as outpatients at Ambedkar hospital.No Headway In 2009 Case YetPolice are still in the dark on a similar daylight dacoity in which a cash van was attacked in the Peenya police limits on September 22, 2009. The dacoits had fled with Rs 41 lakh cash. The van was heading towards the security service provider's head office in Koramangala when they ambushed it near Ayyappa Swamy temple street, behind ISRO, around 1pm.Mirji SpeakPolice commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said police, who are questioning the victims, have been asked to keep tabs on suspicious vehicles. He denied that the dacoits snatched the rifle of a guard and said their firearms could be just air pistols.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13143094", "title": "These Indoreans have passion for straws, movie tickets too!", "text": "INDORE: Straws, coins, movie tickets! Sound valueless! But for these freaks they are priceless.Ever since her childhood, Goldy Agrawal, has a fancy for straws. These colourful, light weight ubiquitous objects have adorned the walls of her house enhancing the beauty of some exquisite craft work done by her. \"These (straws) are my prized possession,\" Goldy, a BBA student, says, adding that straws fascinated her since childhood. She never forgets to request for extra straws whenever she visits a juice corner or buys a soft drink bottle. Using straws, she has designed pen stands, wall hangings and tender flower pots.If straws fascinate Goldy, coins are what numismatist Mahesh Chatani treasures. A businessman by profession, he boasts of having an impressive collection of a number of coins from various parts of the world like France, Portugal, Denmark, Jamaica, Sri Lanka, Pakistan and East Africa. He has been collecting them since he was in Class IV.\"I have coins of 16 countries,\" says Mahesh, adding that these coins are being collected for posterity. Often his friends and some numismatists find his collection unique and visit to have a look at them. \"I feel proud when people come to my house asking for the collection of coins,\" said Mahesh adding that he intends to collect coins from more than 100 countries.Another businessman, Pawan Kumar, was inspired by his friend into nail art. He has been embossing on paper using his nails imprinting designs. He embosses portraits, landscapes and floral designs.For Richa, it's something about collection of rich quotes from thinkers in English. \"Quotations are my inspiration\", says Richa Lakhyani, a housewife. She enjoys keeping a record of quotation she comes across. Her teacher encouraged her to learn new methods of enhancing and improving her language, and this lead to a huge stock of notebooks with inspiring quotes.Roopa Joshi, an MBA student, is a movie buff. Interestingly, she has a hobby for collecting cinema tickets. She invariably goes to cinema halls to watch movies and bring the tickets back with her. \"Since I have a lot of interest in watching movies, collecting tickets has become easy,\" says Roopa adding that she might have collected more than 200 tickets.Another movie buff Anand Saraf claims to have a collection of almost 800 Hollywood movies. \"I like to watch them in free time,\" he says adding that he adds to his collection as and when new movies are released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144255", "title": "BSP seeks Governor's intervention", "text": "LUCKNOW: A delegation of BSP leaders led by Swami Prasad Maurya and Nasimuddin Siddiqui on Monday met governor BL Joshi and sought his intervention to restore the original name of a welfare schemes named after dalit icon BR Ambedkar, which was recently rechristened by SP government. They also asked the governor to direct the state government to revive dalit welfare schemes named after dalit icons.The rural development scheme, Ambedkar Samagra Gram Vikas Yojna, was last week renamed after socialist leader Ram Manohar Lohia by the state government. \"Besides cancelling various schemes, the SP government has renamed Dr Ambedkar Samagra Gram Vikas Yojna after socialist thinker Ram Manohar Lohia. This is not only unfortunate, but also amounts to showing disrespect to Dr Ambedkar,\" Maurya told reporters. tnnHe also said that the BSP respects Lohia and no objection if the SP government wants to start any scheme in his name, but for that it is not necessary to drop name of Ambedkar. Maurya and Siddiqui said that their party would raise the issue in the state assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141758", "title": "Popularize human papilloma virus vaccine to fight cervical cancer: Doctors", "text": "NAGPUR: Cervical cancer kills around 200 women every day in India. With every one in four sufferers of the disease being from the country, India has been labelled as the capital of cervical cancer. What is most surprising is that this disease is preventable, but few know about this.When city gynaecologists recently came together to discuss protocols to be followed before and after child birth, they also discussed the rise in cervical cancer in recent years. Previously thought to be a disease associated with lower socioeconomic groups, it has now permeated other strata of the society as well, they observed. They said that observing a few simple measures could prevent people from falling prey to the deadly disease. They especially recommended that girls get three shots of HPV (human papilloma virus) vaccine after attaining puberty.\"Ideally, girls who have hit puberty should get vaccinated with HPV before becoming sexually active. The vaccine not only offers protection against cervical cancer, but also against a host of diseases, especially sexually transmitted ones. Other important measures for preventing the disease include good personal hygiene, avoiding polygamy, using barrier contraceptives and avoiding smoking,\" said gynaecologist Dr Chaitanya Shembekar. Pap smear tests that are done for screening of cervical cancer should be taken by women over 30 years of age every three years, he advised.Even if a girl has not taken the vaccine during adolescence, it still not too late, said president of Nagpur Obstetric and Gynaecological Society (NOGS) Dr Ankita Kothe. \"If the woman is not suffering from the infection already, she can get vaccinated up to the age of 45, as there are no side effects of the vaccine. In fact, some researches have shown that the vaccine can also prevent several diseases, including some rare kinds of cancer, among boys. This makes it important for boys to know about the vaccine as well. Not only can they benefit from it, they can also inform female members of their family,\" she said. According to her, patients come to the doctors with the disease only in the later stages, when not much can be done.Former NOGS chairperson Dr Sunita Ghike said, \"At the later stages, we can only recommend radiotherapy and there is no guarantee of an increased life expectancy even after treatment.\" She explained that the detection of the disease at the earlier stage is not very difficult and even semi-literate midwives in the villages have been trained in it.\"There are methods of visual inspection to check for the disease in women, like speculum examination, if it is not possible to perform Pap smear tests,\" she suggested. The only complaint she had was that unlike many western countries, the vaccine is not provided at subsidized rates by the government in India, making it difficult for most families to afford it. In some cases, course of the vaccine is not completed due to lack of money, she said.BOXPREVENT CERVICAL CANCERPap smear tests every three years after age of 30 until 65 years of ageGet three doses of HPV (human papilloma virus) vaccine, preferably during adolescenceMaintain good personal hygieneUse barrier contraceptivesAvoid polygamy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13142960", "title": "AIIMS doctors may not find flats to their liking", "text": "BHOPAL: Flats with cramped room space and dated design await some of best in the medical profession, who are expected to join the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) Bhopal.An empowered committee set up by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MOHFW) to look into the matter has yet to come up with plans for 'course correction', even as hospital administration fears that some experts may refuse to join given the current status.\"The problem of poorly conceived residential complex problem has been highlighted, but nothing concrete has come of it,\" said an official, seeking anonymity. The flats are not even on par with the one at the AIIMS Delhi, he added.After sustained criticism about the type of residential accommodation being built for the faculty, the MOHFW formed an empowered committee headed Medical Council of India chairman Dr KK Talwar. Sources said the committee looked into complaints at new AIIMS coming up at Jodhpur and Bhopal.Some 40 doctors are to join the sprawling 154-acre of landscape in AIIMS-Bhopal by June 2012 and the academic session is to start August this year. Residential accommodation for faculty includes 24 three-bedrooms and two-bedroom each for Type V and Type IV flats and 18 two-bedroom flats Type II. 90% of the construction has been completed with a contract value of Rs 23.68 crore.If the current government design stays, specialists who would operate using modern robots and conduct stem cell transplants would stay in flats with bathroom tiles used for flooring. For an associate professor, earning nearly Rs 1.5 lakh per month would be provided a Type-IV flat with a garage for parking a two-wheeler.\"Many of specialists would leave their cushy jobs to join the AIIMS. Larger decent accommodations are essential and there is enough space and money to do the same,\" said an official. \"We are opening the AIIMS to serve the poor with the countries best human resource which would in turn create more competent people,\" he added.Under secretary Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Surakha Yojana (PMSSY) C S Mishra refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142427", "title": "All squatters along railway tracks to get EWS flats", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government has decided to bring 'safety zones of railways' into the eligibility criteria of its slum relocation policy in an attempt to bring within its folds clusters along railway tracks.With this, the policy now creates room for eligible candidates in clusters located within the defined safety zones along railway tracks to apply for EWS flats as and when these clusters are removed by the railways. With this amendment in the policy, nearly 8000 to 10,000 residents of clusters, who were so far out of the purview of the state's relocation policy, can now hope for a roof over their head in case of relocation.As per the policy guidelines issued on February 19, 2010, JJ dwellers squatting on footpaths, right of way, community centres and safety zones of railways were not eligible for allotment of EWS flats.A Delhi government cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister Sheila Dikshit cleared a proposal on modifications in the slum relocation policy wherein it was sought that the word \"safety zones of railways\" may be omitted from the in-eligibility criteria. Safety zone is defined by the railways as the area beyond 30m from the railway track. The land between the railway track up to 30m is the unsafe zone.A senior official said that while bringing JJ dwellers in railway safety zones into the fold of the relocation policy framework is a big step to open the doors of rehabilitation to people squatting here, but the implementation will be totally dependent on northern railway, as they will have to fund part of the payment as the land owning agency for the flats that are allotted to JJ dwellers found eligible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13143210", "title": "Staring down the barrel", "text": "For a city that was created around a water body, it is only ironical that its biggest woe today is an acute shortage of water. Hyderabad is parched and is facing its driest spell ever. The summer of 2012 has brought days of waiting endlessly for that one-hour water supply in two days or in some areas, even five to seven days. If a good rainfall eludes Hyderabad this summer, the glittering city of Nizams, complete with its malls and multiplexes, high-rises and IT firms, will be declared drought-hit.The shortage has been worsening with each passing year. Water levels in its reservoirs have been receding and ground water levels shrinking. Water levels in the two reservoirs, (Himayathsagar and Osmansagar) that the city depends upon for its drinking water supply have dropped disturbingly.The perennial water shortage has infused life into the bottling and tanker industry in the city and private operators have become Hyderabad's lifeline, supplying water to thirsty neighbourhoods. Maintenance costs in apartments have prematurely shot up, but then this is the way most of Hyderabad lives: it buys water both for drinking as well as other purposes.In the days to come, The Times of India in its 'Hyderabad Parched' campaign will bring to the fore the many issues revolving around the water crisis and invite readers to participate with their woes and suggestions on how to work out a better future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141520", "title": "Sale, promos of ayurvedic medicines need regulation", "text": "NAGPUR: Late night television as well as newspapers and magazines are full of commercials for products that can magically do away with diseases like osteoporosis and diabetes , reduce obesity and even increase the height of an adult. Most of these miracle medicines claim to be of Ayurvedic origin.As ayurvedic medicines gain popularity, there are people exploiting the trend by promising such magic remedies. With no regulation on manufacturing and selling ayurvedic medicines, such instances keep happening and will eventually affecting people's confidence in traditional medicine system, feel experts.A few days ago in the city a dealer discovered people selling fake drugs too. \"The man came into my shop claiming he had the dealership of the oil advertised on TV. When I told him I would buy if there is demand for it, he even sent a customer who never returned to buy the product,\" recalled pharmacist Kiran Mahorkar.After the product arrived, she noticed some differences in spelling and packaging and reported the case to police. She helped the police nab the fraudster who is now behind bars. \"Looking at celebrities selling or endorsing a product, people tend to believe it. Many people are known to sell such 'medicines' door-to-door without a valid bill. Roadside tents with quacks selling 'medications' is not new either,\" said Ravi Goyal, president of Nagpur District Chemists' and Druggists' Association (NDCDA). Since no registration or licensing is required to open a ayurvedic medicine shop, there is no check over these activities, he added. \"There is no price control on these medicines, with the selling price being ten times the cost price in some cases,\" he said.\"Though we are not responsible for licensing, we do quality checks regularly. The problem is that even the laboratory tests are not very helpful in several Ayurvedic products. There is definitely a need for upgrading the law in this regard,\" said A T Nikhade, joint director, Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) Nagpur.\"Not only is there a need for stricter legal provisions, there is also a need for people to be more alert. Not everything claimed in an advertisement would be true,\" warned Mahipal Arya, proprietor of the city's largest dealership of Ayurvedic medicines.\"People should buy a medicine only after a doctor prescribes it. They must check for details like date of manufacture and expiry, company's contact details, detailed description of ingredients and weight,\" said Dr Anand Tembhurnikar, president of city branch of Ayurveda Vyaspeeth. Pointing out that most of the sale of these medicines is over-the-counter, he stressed on the need for a stringent machinery for regulation and standardization from raw materials to manufacturing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13143853", "title": "District transport office goes tech way", "text": "LUDHIANA: Keeping up with technology, the district transport office has made payment of hypothecation addition and cancellation fees, alteration fee and registration fee online. An applicant will now be able to pay the fees online and then take receipts along with other required documents to the transport office to collect smart cards, saving them many rounds of the office.Giving the decision a thumbs up, Civil Lines-resident Dennis David said he's been planning to buy a car and is glad to know that some part of the process will be done online. ''I am expecting it to be much more convenient as I wouldn't have to keep making rounds of various government offices,'' he said.Siddharth Biswas, team leader (operations) at DTO's e-governance office said, ''The fee for smart cards is charged along with fees for new registration, change of address, duplication of registration certificate and other transactions.''Positive that residents will take the move well, DTO Manpreet Singh said, ''It will minimise the margin of errors. Converting paper registration certificates into smart card format will bring us at par with other cities that have implemented this scheme.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143007", "title": "New safety norms for high-rise hospitals", "text": "HYDERABAD: Henceforth, hospitals operating out of high-rise buildings have to provide more open space, fire lifts and integrated building management system with modern automatic fire and life safety systems in their buildings.With a couple of fire accidents occurring in major hospitals recently, the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department issued a GO on Monday amending the AP Fire Prevention and Safety Measures for High-Rise Hospital Building Rules 2011. As per the GO, height of the ambulatory patient wards should be minimum 3.6 metres and the height of all critical treatment areas like ICUs should be 4 metres. At least one horizontal exit should be provided on every floor and there should be four vertical stairs on all floors with width prescribed as per the National Building Code, the GO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13144435", "title": "Bihar on the wings of progress", "text": "PATNA: For long, Bihar was considered a \"Bimaru\" state, what with extreme poverty, violence and corruption being considered synonymous with the state. But that is now history. The state is now on the fast track to shed its \"Bimaru\" tag, having achieved one of the highest GDP growth rates in recent years. The iconic changes have been ushered in by the Nitish Kumar-led government after it took over the reins in November 2005.The metamorphosis has not gone unnoticed in the country and abroad. Now, Bihar is considered a state on the move, thanks to improvement in governance, law and order, infrastructure and financial discipline. \"My first three priorities are governance, governance and governance,\" Nitish had once said. The stress on governance was primarily because of his finding that Bihar had suffered not because of bad governance but because of lack of it. After taking oath as the chief minister, he embarked on the journey of development with justice. \"Till recently, it was beyond people's imagination that Bihar can embark on a trajectory of development, and that too on an inclusive and equitable one,\" said social scientist and economist Shaibal Gupta.The economic profile of the state started changing since late 2005. Plan expenditure leapfrogged from Rs 4,000 crore in 2004-05 to Rs 24,000 crore in 2011-12. The annual growth rate of Gross State Domestic Product, which averaged 4.42% between 1999-2000 and 2004-05, jumped to 11.36% between 2004-05 and 2010-11. This growth rate and the consequent transformation in the economic profile of the state made the country sit up and take notice, since it had surpassed many developed states.\"Bihar's turnaround illustrates how a handful of seemingly small changes can yield big results in India's most impoverished and badly governed regions. Bihar is a textbook case of how leadership determines development,\" wrote the New York Times.Development of roads in the state epitomizes this wind of change. When a foreign tourist, who has been visiting Buddhist places in the state for long, was recently asked about the most visible change, he said it was road. Bihar, for long, remained infamous for its bad roads and pitiable connectivity. People suffered due to utter lack of connectivity. Though the state is criss-crossed by several rivers, there were very few bridges across them, forcing people to make long detours to reach their destination just across the river.\"Roads and bridges are the visible signs of development as well as a basic component of the infrastructural development,\" said road construction department (RCD) minister Nand Kishore Yadav. The year 2010-11 witnessed a sharp increase in road length over the previous years in terms of per lakh of population. Still, Bihar has only 126.13km of roads per lakh population as against the national average of 322.77km.RCD secretary Pratyaya Amrit said the road length was 94,009.42km in October 2010, which increased by 20% in 2011 to 1,12,733.58 km. \"As of September 2011, there were nearly 1.13 lakh km of roads despite the fact that the length of national highways did not witness any change,\" he said. The silver lining in the road sector is that some projects under public-private-partnership mode have also started coming. Presently, work is under execution on a mega bridge on Ganga between Bakhtiarpur and Tajpur apart from 118-km-long four-lane road between Ara and Mohania, among others.Bihar got another boost in road development when the Union home ministry sanctioned construction of 552 km roads in Bihar right along Bihar-Nepal border from Madanpur on UP-Bihar border to Galgalia on Bihar-West Bengal border. The Centre has agreed to sanction Rs 1,702 crore for the purpose and the project is to be completed by 2015-16. The total cost of the project will exceed Rs 2,552 crore.Nitish said about the changing Bihar: \"The state is experiencing all-round development because of our policy of ensuring that the benefits of development first go to those at the bottom of the social ladder. Over the years, we rose above the feelings of caste and religion, and have worked tirelessly on the agenda of inclusive development of the state.\"Nitish believes in the maxim of \"miles to go before I sleep\". He once blogged, \"I work 24x7 without a break, thinking often of the philosophy of 'aharnishamsevamahe (uninterrupted service day and night)'. I understand this will need to go on without any let-up, so that more and more people join hands to bring a brighter future.\"\"I am not fully satisfied with the work done. But one has to remain dissatisfied only to move ahead with vigour. I feel satisfied seeing the happy faces of people, who are now living without any fear. I feel happy to see village girls cycling to their schools,\" the CM once said. He is not satisfied as the per capita income of Bihar is one-third of the national average and one-seventh of that of New Delhi.\"This huge gap is a matter of serious concern and needs to be addressed at the earliest,\" he said, a tad worried.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13142920", "title": "Naib tehsildar booked for fraud", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR was lodged against joint sub-registrar-cum-naib tehsildar Ram Mehar Singh on Saturday for fraud and criminal conspiracy based on the statement of Poonam, who had earlier tried to commit suicide at the Mini Secretariat on April 24. Poonam's relatives, Sunder Singh and his wife Sumitra have also been named in the FIR on the recommendation of a city court.Poonam, a native of Dhankot village, accused her relatives and Ram Mehar of conspiring against her in a Rs 1 crore worth land deal.Poonam filed a petition against them in a city court after getting discharged from the hospital last month. Poonam alleged that after the land was registered in Sunder's name on April 18, she got only Rs 5 lakh of the consideration amount from him. She approached the naib tehsildar on April 20 and threatened suicide if the remaining Rs 95 lakh was not given to her. Ram Mehar told her that it was beyond his power since the land had already been registered and told her to file a case in the civil court instead.Poonam returned to the Mini Secretariat on April 24 and consumed a poisonous substance inside the joint sub-registrar's office. She was rushed to the Civil Hospital where her condition was stable. On April 25, an FIR had been lodged against her on the complaint of Ram Mehar with the Civil Lines police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13141737", "title": "Morgan resigns after East Bengal retain Kolkata title", "text": "KOLKATA: East Bengal made no mistake in wrapping up the CFL Premier Division title on the final day of the competition, doing it in style by thrashing Mohammedan Sporting 6-0 at the Salt Lake Stadium on Monday.Mohun Bagan, on the other hand, went down 0-2 to United SC in their final match at Siliguri's Kanchenjunga Stadium to finish second.Overshadowing East Bengal's league conquest was the news of their coach Trevor Morgan resigning. The British coach left the ground without meeting the press. On being called up by journalists, he informed that he had quit.There had been rumours earlier in the season that Morgan, along with East Bengal striker Tolgay Ozbey, would be joining arch-rivals Mohun Bagan at the end of the season. Morgan, though, refused to fuel the speculation and maintained a studied silence.It was Tolgay, who is also more or less certain to leave the red and golds, who starred in East Bengal's win on the final day. The Australian netted the first four goals (13th, 31st, 40th and 56th minute), while Seiminlen Doungel (65th) and Penn Orji (77th) completed the tally.East Bengal, who went into the final day a point in front of Mohun Bagan, had to win to retain their title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143545", "title": "House panel questions DGCI\u2019s qualification criteria", "text": "NEW DELHI: All you need to get India's top drug job - Drug Controller General of India ( DGCI) - is a simple graduation in pharmacy or a graduate degree in medicine with post-graduation in clinical pharmacology or microbiology (MD) along with five years' experience.While India's pharmaceutical Industry is growing at about 12% annually - the third largest in the world by volume and 13th in value, with the total size being about Rs 100,000 crore of which exports account for Rs 42,000 crore - serious questions have been raised by the parliamentary standing committee on health on the DCGI's academic qualification.The Committee has said it is not rational to give powers to a graduate in pharmacy, who does not have any clinical or research experience to decide the kind of drugs that can be prescribed by super specialists in clinical medicine such as those holding DM and Ph.D qualifications and vast experience in the practice of medicine and even research.\"The Committee fails to understand as to how a graduate in pharmacy or pharmaceutical chemistry is being equated with a medical graduate with MD in pharmacology or microbiology. Apart from the obvious anomaly, with rapid progress in pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical fields, there is urgent need to revise the qualifications and experience as minimum eligibility criteria for appointment as DCGI,\" said the report submitted recently in the Rajya Sabha.The panel looked at the academic qualifications of those presently heading the United States Food and Drugs Administration (USFDA) and the British Medicine and Healthcare Regulatory Authority (MHRA).It found that the commissioner of USFDA is an experienced medical doctor and scientist who has been part of the Harvard Medical School , conducted research on neuroscience at Rockefeller University , studied neuron pharmacology at the National Institute of Mental Health and later focused on AIDS research as an Assistant Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. In 1994, she became one of the youngest persons ever elected to the Institute of Medicine . In 1997, at the request of the then President of USA, she accepted the position of assistant secretary for policy in the US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). On the other hand, the current Chief CEO of MHRA is a professor qualified in medicine from Cambridge, followed by post-graduation and epidemiological training at Harvard School of Public Health. He was then senior lecturer in clinical pharmacology at Leicester University.\"The Committee is disillusioned with the qualifications provided in the age-old Rules for the head of a crucial drug controller general's office,\" the report said.Also, getting a job in the country's top drug regulatory body - the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) - can take between 12 and 15 months. This has led to India suffering from an acute shortage of drug inspectors (DI).CDSCO headquarters has only four deputy drug controllers and five assistant drugs controllers. According to the Committee, these nine officers alone handle 20,000 applications, take part in over 200 meetings, attend to 11,000 public/industry representatives, responding to 700 Parliament questions and around 150 court cases annually. Scrutiny by the Committee has found that the permanent staff is only 124 out of 327 sanctioned posts.It notes with serious concern that \"CDSCO is substantially under-staffed. Of the 327 sanctioned posts, only 124 are occupied. At this rate, what would be the fate of 1,045 additional posts that have been proposed is a moot point.\"CDSCO, which lays down standards of drugs, cosmetics, diagnostics, devices and regulatory measures, estimates that the nation requires 3,200 DIs for its six lakh chemists.However, only about 900 DIs are available for 1.2-billion-strong Indians. The report says, \"If the manpower requirement of the CDSCO does not correspond with their volume of work, naturally, such shortage of staff strains the ability of the CDSCO to discharge its assigned functions efficiently. This shortcoming needs to be addressed quickly. Consideration can also be given to employ medically qualified persons as consultants/advisers at suitable rank.\"However, the Union health secretary has informed the Committee that doctors don't join CDSCO. \"Though recruitment rules provide for appointing people with MBBS degree or/with pharmacology, microbiology, but usually, there was no response from the persons from these fields.\"The ministry says it has already stated filling up of 203 vacant posts in CDSCO through the Union Public Service Commission. This includes two posts of joint drug controllers, five deputy drug controllers, 16 assistant drug controllers, 100 drug inspectors and 31 assistant drugs inspectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13141555", "title": "Centre allots Rs 3,250 cr for Vidarbha intensive irrigation development project", "text": "YAVATMAL: The government of India's agriculture ministry has sanctioned Rs 3,250 crore for the Vidarbha Intensive Irrigation Development Project (VIIDP), to ensure sustained development of intensive irrigation in cotton growing belt of Vidarbha. This money will be received over a period of five years, of which Rs 300 crore was received for 2012-13, informed district guardian minister and water conservation minister Nitin Raut on Monday at a press briefing at the district collector's office.Raut said the state government has, in consultation with ministry of water resources, National Rainfed Area Authority (NRAA) and department of land resources, submitted a proposal for the development of intensive irrigation in the cotton growing belt of Vidarbha to the Union government. The major objectives are to increase productivity of rainfed cotton farming in Vidarbha region through rainwater harvesting, intensive irrigation and better crop management, bring maximum cotton growing area under protective irrigation and better soil moisture regime through in-situ and ex-situ conservation measures, augment/restore/renovate existing minor/small scale irrigation resources and provision of waters lifting devices for lifting of storage and enhancing water use efficiency through drop/sprinkle irrigation.The broad strategy and area of interventions under the project include conservation measures like broad base with furrows (BBF) and graded bunding, construction of farm ponds, series of check dams, desiltation and deepening of nullah at completed check dams, expansion of micro-irrigation system and supply of water lifting devices, minor irrigation projects, restoration of minor irrigation potential, lift irrigation system, impounding of streams of existing Kolhapur type weirs and formation of water users associations with the help of NGOs.The programme will be implemented in eight cotton growing districts in Vidarbha region, Buldhana, Akola, Washim, Amravati, Yavatmal, Wardha, Chandrapur and Nagpur, and the state department of agriculture will work as the nodal agency, with all the funds coming from the government of India. Additional fund allocation of Rs 3,250 crore over and above Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY) for a period of five years will be allotted.\"The scheme will be implemented initially in 35 villages in the district,\" Raut said, adding that each agriculture circle will get benefit in a phased manner.MLAs Nilesh Parvekar, Wamanrao Kasawar and Vijay Khadse, collector Shravan Hardikar, SP Ranjankumar Sharma and district agriculture officer Anil Ingole were present at the press conference. Raut also reviewed preparations for kharif crop and prevailing drinking water scarcity at a meeting of the heads of departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13144195", "title": "Common Law Admission Test confusion: Students plan to file Public Interest Litigation", "text": "BANGALORE: A deviation from syllabus has left Common Law Admission Test (CLAT) aspirants fuming - so much so that many are even planning to file a Public Interest Litigation.Their grievance is that the CLAT website had clearly stated that in the general knowledge section, students would be tested \"on their knowledge of current affairs (broadly defined as matters featuring in the mainstream media between March 2011 and March 2012)\". For legal reasoning, \"candidates will not be tested on any prior knowledge of law or legal concepts. If a technical/legal term is used in the question, that term will be explained in the question itself\", it stated.However, according to the candidates, at least 15 questions were static GK and 5-8 questions required some knowledge of law, which the pre law students claim is unfair. \"Many students and law graduates are now planning to move court. There is no need for a retest; they can at best declare the questions void. But the question remains as to why the authorities were so irresponsible. The paper was otherwise not so bad,\" said Rajneesh Singh, National Product Manager (CLAT), IMS Learning Centre.A facebook page has been created where CLAT aspirants vented their frustration and disappointment on Monday, a day after CLAT was held across the country. While some were trying to mobilize people to join them in filing PILs, there were others who commented on the injustice they were facing. \"It was really unfair. NLU Jodhpur let me down. Such carelessness. How can you ask a jurisprudence question to a pre law student!\" said one. Another messaged: \"Gave more importance to CLAT than boards.. but i guess they don't worth it! :(\"One of the students has even messaged that he's approached Ram Jethmalani .However, when TOI contacted National Law University, Jodhpur, the organizing university for this year, they said no action had been initiated so far. \"We have received some calls ourselves. But the question paper is made and moderated by an expert committee. We have no right to comment on it or intervene. As of now, no action has been decided on it,\" Ratan Lahoti, registrar, told TOI from Jodhpur.CLAT holds the key to the 14 prestigious law schools of the country. Around 25,000 students appeared for the test this year. Of them, 916 were from Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143199", "title": "Kiran Kumar Reddy leaves Acharya's prosecution in chief secretary's court", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Monday sent back the file on sanction for prosecution of IAS officers B P Acharya and L V Subrahmanyam to chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi seeking clear-cut advise on the matter. The two officers have been named in the CBI chargesheet in the Emaar scam.The chief secretary had sent the file to the CMO so that Kiran Kumar could take the final call on the matter \"After sitting on the file for a week, the CM has sent it back to the chief secretary,\" sources said.Dwivedi hadn't made any recommendations when he sent the file to the CM. \"All he did was to forward the opinion expressed by the legal department and attach the explanations submitted by the two officers,\" sources in the CMO told TOI. \"The chief minister wants a clear-cut advise from the head of civil service ,\" the sources addedMeanwhile, a powerful lobby within the government is actively working to bail out the two officers from the controversy by advocating that permission for the prosecution should not be given on the basis of the CBI allegations and that it should be based on the merit of the case, the sources said. \"The General Administration department is against giving permission and has already submitted a report on those lines while the law department has only given the pros and cons of giving the sanction. So now, someone in the state has to state clearly 'yes or no' to giving sanction,\" they said.The CBI has already complained to the trial court that the state was deliberately delaying the decision on giving sanction for the prosecution of the two IAS officers in the Emaar scam. Despite that, the chief minister is unable to exercise his authority and take what is a simple decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13142893", "title": "Rohtak rocks while Gurgaon quakes", "text": "GURGAON: Till a few years ago, Rohtak used to be a sleepy town on NH-10. Despite being just an hour-and-a-half drive away from Delhi, it remained untouched by development and modernity. On weekends, youngster would travel to Gurgaon just to see its skyscrapers and swanky malls.Well, that was then. Today, Rohtak has emerged as a political capital of Haryana as chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda has not forgotten his homeland. Things have changed quite drastically since 2005. New roads have been laid across the city and NH-10 is going through an expansion. The education sector has got a big boost after the city pipped the rest of the NCR to be home to the Indian Institute of Management. Maharshi Dayanand University and Pandit Bhagwat Dayal Sharma Post-Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences ( PGIMS) are among the finest educational institutions in north India. That's not it.Every second street has an English-only school, some of them being centrally airconditioned. The old cricket stadium has been replaced by Rajiv Gandhi Sports Complex, which hosts world-class facilities. A decade ago, the city had only Maruti 800s and a few SUVs. Today, there are more than 200 super luxury cars like Mercedes, Audis and BMWs. About 500 new cars hit the city roads every month, clogging its narrow roads. Rohtak, which was then famous for its 'gajak', now has a multiplex where youngsters chew on Dominos and down Baskin Robbins. Two new malls are coming soon.Don't be impressed by all this, because a new Rohtak is created on the outskirts - one that can challenge Gurgaon tomorrow. Here, the Hooda government is developing an industrial model township on 5,500-acre land. MNCs like Maruti Suzuki, Asian Paints, Suzuki Motorcycle, Nippon Carbide, Amul Dairy, Lakshmi Precision Screws and Aisin Automotive have launched work on projects worth Rs 5,000 crore.With this, integrated townships like Omaxe City and Sun City are coming up. Land rates have gone up by two-to-three folds in last few years.Last month, during the foundation stone-laying ceremony of its only R&D; facility outside Japan, Maruti Suzuki managing director Shinzo Nakanishi said that like Gurgaon, Rohtak will soon make its mark on the international automobile market.Hooda's strategy for Rohtak's development has been infrastructure-driven. As a result, the city has well-carpeted roads, six flyovers, glittering streetlights, big roundabouts, and a solid drainage system. Roads to Panipat, Hisar, Bhiwani, Jhajjar and Sonipat are also being expanded. The Rohtak-Delhi rail section is also being electrified and a proposal of laying a new railway line to Jhajjar-Rewari and Meham-Hansi is also in the pipeline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144313", "title": "3 Rashtriya Lok Dal leaders join Samajwadi Party", "text": "LUCKNOW: After Kokab Hamid, another former Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) MLA and member of party national executive Thakur Kushalpal Singh joined the Samajwadi Party on Monday. A senior RLD leader Jagdish Nauhwar and district general secretary of the Mathura RB Chaudhary also joined the SP along with Singh.The three joined the party in the presence of SP state president Akhilesh Yadav , who said that the coming of the three leaders will provide strength to the party.The shift into SP camp comes just around when the SP gears up for by polls for Mant constituency which was vacated by RLD general secretary Jayant Chaudhary who chose to retain his parliamentary seat of Mathura.Kokab Hamid too had met SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav last month after he left the RLD, apparently after being denied a ticket to the legislative council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13142733", "title": "No-trust motion against Pernem civic chief fails", "text": "MAPUSA: A no-trust move against the Pernem civic chief was defeated on Monday. Five councillors in the 10-member council had moved the no-trust motion against the Pernem municipal council chairperson Vasudev Deshprabhu.The special meeting to discuss the no-confidence motion against Deshprabhu, fixed for Monday, fell flat as none of the councillors turned up for the meeting. Madhav Desai, Vishnu Salgaonkar, Upendra Deshprabhu, Nutan Aroskar and deputy chairperson Smita Kavthankar had served the notice against the chairperson. All the councillors for and against the motion were absent at Monday's meeting.The presiding officer after a wait of half-an-hour declared that the no-confidence motion could not stand as the councillors in favor of the motion were absent. As a result of this, Deshprabhu succeeded in getting a fresh lease of life. During the last assembly polls, Deshprabhu had joined the BJP and with the party coming to power, Deshprabhu had been gearing up to undertake development works, but got entangled in power games.During the last assembly polls, Deshprabhu had joined the BJP along with Upendra Deshprabhu, Desai and Aroskar. Ironically, these three were now among the five councillors to serve the notice against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143490", "title": "'I-T raids' on Chiranjeevi make Yeddyurappa change mind", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP's efforts to persuade its Karnataka strongman B S Yedyurappa may have been helped by a fortuitous \"misreporting\" on Income-Tax raids on Chiranjeevi, the Telugu movie icon and Congress's member of Rajya Sabha.Attempts to talk Yedyurappa out of his rebellious mood were critically poised, when TV channels broke the news of I-T raids on Chiranjeevi. Actually, the raids had been conducted on the premises of distant relatives of the in-laws of his Chennai-based daughter. But by the time the details trickled in, BJP leaders from Karnataka had already pounced on the development to try to discourage Yedyurappa to explore options outside the saffron fold.The group, which is sympathetic to the former CM but have counseled him against quitting the BJP, cited the feverish coverage of the tax raids to drive home the point that while the Lingayat strongman's sulks against BJP were justified, he could not hope to get a better deal outside the party.As luck would have it, the raids happened just a day after Yedyurappa surprised many by heaping praise on Congress chief Sonia Gandhi for not dumping her party colleagues when they were in trouble.\"Chiranjeevi was heralded by Congress as their great hope in Andhra Pradesh, and crucial counterweight against party rebel Jaganmohan Reddy. How can others expect to get a different treatment?\" an important Lingayat leader from Karnataka is learnt to have reasoned with a die-hard supporter of Yedyurappa.The pitch was a success, with the Yedyurappa partisan agreeing to meet Arun Jaitley , and setting the stage for a tension-thawing conversation between the former Karnataka CM and the Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha. Soon, the former CM had agreed to heed Jaitley's advice to take a decision \"that is based on reason, rather than one that was dictated by emotion\".Chiranjeevi certainly found it difficult to control his emotion, while discussing the reportage of I-T raids. \"The raid is on a distant relative of my daughter's in-laws. We are not connected with it. Only one media house, Jaganmohan Reddy's Sakshi, has fabricated the news\", he told TOI.Although there is no possibility of Yedyurappa crossing over to Congress, BJP leaders suspect that some leaders of the latter are goading the Lingayat chieftain to destabilize the Sadanand Gowda government. Yedyurappa's praise for Sonia Gandhi only whetted the fears.Congress spokesperson Manish Tiwari deflected questions on Yedyurappa's compliment for Sonia Gandhi. \"Congress party or its president require no certification from anybody.\" Saying that Yedyurappa's troubles with his colleagues and the leadership were BJP's internal matter, Tiwari said that Congress would \"rather leave them to stew in their own juices\".The spokesperson also said that people of Karnataka would punish BJP for \"lack of governance\". \"What is happening in Karnataka from 2008 until today is something which we hope the people would take cognizance of when the state goes in for polls eight months down the line,\" he said.Congress general secretary in-charge of Karnataka Madhusudan Mishtry also rejected the possibility of any truck with Yedyurappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141528", "title": "Irked passengers detain Rajdhani Express for 2 hours", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 50 passengers of the Nizamuddin-Bangalore Rajdhani Express had a harrowing time on Monday after air-conditioner of a two-tier coach went out of order. The troubled passengers later detained the train for nearly two hours at Nagpur demanding immediate repairs.The train arrived at its scheduled time of 10.15am but passengers travelling in A3 coach were irked over non-functioning of AC and detained the train putting Central Railway officials on their toes.According to passengers, the AC tripped around 3am, when the train was still 350km away from Nagpur somewhere in Bhopal division. As the time was odd and there was no major station in between, agitated passengers detained the train at Nagpur.The electrical staff attended the coach and tried to correct the problem but in vain. The microprocessor circuit was also replaced but the AC continued to trip, indicating there was some major fault.The passengers wanted the officials to either repair the air-conditioner or replace the coach. Looking into the gravity of the situation, additional divisional railway manager (ADRM) Uday Borwankar and other senior officials reached platform number 2.As the Rajdhani has German-made Linke Holfmann Bush (LHB) coaches and the city doesn't have such coaches in spare, it was impossible to replace the coach.Central Railway public relations officer PD Patil said that ADRM Borwankar gave three options to the passengers which included accommodating them in other AC coaches; refund the fare or attach one AC II coach to Patna-Secunderabad Express which was to arrive shortly. Borwankar even talked to senior railway officials in Secunderabad who gave a green signal to attach an extra coach to the Patna Express.However, while all the passengers agreed to get accommodated in other coaches of the Rajdhani, a couple of them were adamant on travelling in the same coach and demanded repairs to the AC, which seemed impossible.\"We were very accommodative and tried our best to pacify the passengers but they did not agree. Finally, two technical staffers were sent with the coach in case of any problem midway. The fault was major and it seems the AC would be repaired only in Bangalore,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141733", "title": "Pomegranate comes to orange country", "text": "NAGPUR: Who says pomegranates grow only in western Maharashtra? It was long believed that these juicy fruits can't be grown in Vidarbha due to soil and climatic conditions. However, some farmers under the leadership of 55-year-old Vivekanand Atkare, an agriculture graduate and farmer from village Wadgaon in Achalpur tehsil of Amravati district, have shown the fruit can be grown successfully in Vidarbha too. They warn though that it was a difficult crop and needs much more care and scientific cultivation practices compared to orange or mango.Atkare, for whom agriculture is a business, has taken a lead in sowing seeds of a pomegranate revolution in the region. To begin with, he has grown the fruit on three acres with a yield of about 20 kg per plant. In two years, he plans to expand it to 40 acres and double the yield to 40 kg per plant or six tonnes per acre. He sold the fruit in Nagpur market last season at Rs 55,000 per tonne and earned Rs 6.5 lakh. He was able to return Rs 2 lakh of Rs 5 lakh loan he took from bank. \"I will return the remaining amount in coming season. Since investment is very high, returns too need to be high,\" said an elated Atkare. In fact, he plans to export the fruit in years to come.Actually Atkare is a rich farmer who owns about 100 acres of land. Of this, 30 acres are under orange, 3.5 acres under meadow guava orchard and 10 acres under sapota or chikoo and remaining under cotton and food grains. He does not work like a rich farmer. He with his son Yadensh is in the field at 5 am each morning and works until noon. He then comes home to eat and rest and is back in scorching afternoon heat to work until 7 pm. During this time he supervises spraying of pesticides, making of fertilizer slurries and watering. \"It is a tough crop. Absentee farmers cannot grow pomegranate. It requires sustained care and precautions to prevent pest attacks. If that is not done a farmer can be doomed,\" said Atkare.He did not select pomegranate out of the blue. He researched for over 3-4 years before deciding on it. He went to all major pomegranate growing areas in state like Sangola, Atpali, Jat, Mangalwada, Telangwadi, Malegaon and many other places in Nashik, Sangli and Solapur districts. He then brought seedlings from Malegaon as it was free of the biggest pest bacterial blight or Tellya as it is called in Marathi.The tree fruits three times a year or has three bahars- Ambia-bahar which is harvested from June to September, Mrig-bahar from December to February and Hasta bahar in March and April. Most farmers restrict fruiting to two or even one. The bacterial blight is so dangerous that if it comes with the saplings, it will destroy the entire orchard. There are chemical pesticides to control it but they are not very effective. Prevention is the only solution,\" explained Atkare. He is also careful enough to create a nursery for his area so that farmers don't bring tellya infected saplings from other regions.Pomegranate grows in specific conditions like well-drained soil and not pure black cotton soil. Heavy rains are its worst enemy and affect the entire physiology of the plant. In Western Maharashtra too the crop is grown in hilly areas to avoid stagnant water. It is grown on raised beds and needs strict vigilance for prevention from nematodes and other pests like fruit and stem borers. Extreme cold and humidity also affect it adversely. The crop is also labour intensive. Labour could be a big problem in most of Vidarbha but Atkare ensures labour comes from areas like Melghat where people have no jobs. Everyday, a vehicle fetches them and drops them back. Although he is not sure his son would follow his footsteps as he has trained himself in jewellery designing, as of now Yadensh is completely involved in the process.\"Earlier we couldn't think of growing pomegranate in Vidarbha. Now with availability of modern facilities like drip irrigation, it can be a crop of future. I am planning to try it on 4 acres. It can't be grown by lazy farmers. It is a full time job,\" said Manoj Jawanjal, another progressive farmer from Katol. He admits he does not have expertise like orange in the crop but is sure that he would grow it successfully.The others following him include Shyam Badodha of Jarud village in Warud tehsil, Gyaneshwar Dhole from Bellore village, Ajay Shrikhande Tatlot from Gondbangholi village in Achalpur tehsil, Gyaneshwar Ingle from Alanvatkheda. Dhananjay Dhawad, Suresh Patil, Mankar Jayle, Annaji Wadode, Ramesh Patel are also planning to plant the saplings in coming monsoon.\"It could be an experiment for others but I am going to convert it into a success story. People will remember it,\" said a confident and enthusiastic Ingle.Cultivation methods and precautions* Grown only in hard, rocky, sandy and well-drained soil.* Avoid water logging* Ideal plantation -300 plants per acre* Cultivated on specially made 3 feet deep x 2.5 feet wide beds* Plant waste plus superphosphate or farm yard manure should be put alternatively in layers of soil* Plantation survives only with adequate irrigation- drip method preferred* Dhencha plants could be grown with it to provide shade* Weeding and pruning regularly* Bodo paste to be used twice a year to control stem borer* Water shoots or shoots that grow additionally due to prolonged watering need complete removal* Branches on the bottom too need removal for maintaining right canopy* Needs water stress like orangeNutrients neededChemical fertilizers and bio-fertilisers used in slurry form. NPK slurry + cow dung +cow urine added along with jaggery for adequate fermentation. Major micronutrients like calcium, magnesium and sulphur too need to be given as slurry. Micro-organism slurry of trichoderma and phosphate soluble bacteria is used along with effective micro-organisms (EM) solution. Pulses are also used along with EM solutions and jaggery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143075", "title": "Job placement melas twice every month", "text": "HYDERABAD: The district administration on Monday announced that it will conduct 'Direct placement Job Melas' on the first and third Wednesday of every month starting May 16 under the Rajiv Yuva Kiranalu (RYK) scheme.The RYK mission launched in August 2011 in the state aims to equip uneducated youth with job skills through training and help them secure employment in the private sector. While the primary objective of the mission is to place 15 lakh persons state-wide by 2014, the target for 2012-13 is 3.43 lakh. Of this, the Hyderabad district administration is seeking to provide placements to 15,000 individuals this year. While 6301 individuals from Hyderabad district have secured employment since the start of the mission, a total of 56,549 individuals are registered with the district administration. Training is being imparted in 22 sectors including construction, banking, medical, automobile, and retail.A release from the collector's office said that orders were issued for conducting the Job Melas from May 16 in each of the 16 mandals in the district. The mandals have been grouped into clusters with each cluster affiliated to an Industrial Training Institute (ITI) in that area. The melas are scheduled to be held at the ITIs.Persons registered from Old City mandals, viz. Bandlaguda, Saidabad, Bahadurpura, and Charminar can attend the placements at the Old City ITI located near Zoo Park. Individuals from Nampally, Asif Nagar and Golconda mandals who are registered can attend placements at ITI Mallepally.Placements will also be conducted at ITI-Musheerabad (for Musheerabad, Secunderabad, Himayatnagar, Trimulgherry, Amberpet, Marredpally mandals) and ITI-Sanathnagar ( Ameerpet, Khairatabad and Shaikpet mandals).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142075", "title": "27% of India\u2019s doctors exist only on paper", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 27% of India's registered doctors and almost 63% nurses aren't active anymore.Union health ministry's presentation to the Consultative Committee, which included several MPs, admitted to some worrying trends in human resources in health.According to joint secretary in the ministry Dr Vishwas Mehta's presentation, the Medical Council of India (MCI) has 7.5 lakh doctors registered under it.However, Union health ministry's scrutiny has found that two lakh of the registered doctors aren't working anymore. Of the 10.7 lakh nurses registered, six lakh don't exist.At present, there is only one doctor for every 2,000 population. The target is to have one doctor for every 1,000 population.While the international nurse to doctor ratio is 3:1, India's count stands at 1.5:1.Besides, the number of female allopathic doctors (medical graduates with a bachelor's or postgraduate specialist diploma or degree registered with the Indian Medical Council) is abysmally low.Only 17% of all allopathic doctors and 6% of allopathic doctors in rural areas are women. There is less than one female allopathic doctor per 10,000 population in rural areas (0.5), whereas it is 6.5 in urban areas.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad informed the Committee that the ministry is giving a special push to nursing education.\"During the last two years, the ministry has sanctioned 132 Auxillary Nurse Midwives (ANM) and 137 General Nursing Midwifery (GNM) schools all over the country. These 269 schools will produce an additional 20,000 nurses every year. Six nursing colleges are also being established at the new AIIMS being set up under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Surakhsha Yojana and these will be functional by next year,\" Azad said.A skewed distribution of medical colleges is another big problem. The ministry's presentation said 45% of medical colleges are located south India, with 47% of the MBBS seats. North India is home to 17% of the medical colleges, with 16% of the MBBS seats. Western India accounts for 21% of colleges and 22% of the MBBS seats.In comparison, central India has 5% of medical colleges and 5% of MBBS seats, east has 10% of colleges and only 9% MBBS seats. Northeastern states are most neglected. It has only 3% of medical colleges and 3% MBBS seats.The Planning Commission recently said geographic and rural-urban imbalance exists in training and availability of human resource. Medical colleges are unevenly spread across the states with wide disparities in the quality of education. Of the 640 districts, only 193 have a medical college.Azad, however, said that in last three years alone the number of post-graduate seats to produce super specialty doctors has increased by more than 9,100. \"The number of PG seats available in this academic year is 22,194 as against 13,043 in the year 2008-09. During 2009-12, 46 new medical colleges have been set up,\" the minister added.Under-representation of women in healthcare workforce is seriously affecting women's access to health care. Now, nearly two-thirds or 66% of all health workers are men.According to the paper \"Human Resources for Health in India\" published in the British Medical Journal The Lancet recently, one in five dentists are women, while there is one woman in 10 pharmacists.Against a World Health Organization recommended norm of 23/25 health workers (doctors, nurses, midwives) per 10,000 population, India has 19 health workers per 10,000 (doctors - 6, nurses and midwives - 13).India has 270 medical schools, from which 28,158 doctors graduate every year.The southwestern states of Andhra Pradesh , Maharashtra, Karnataka, Kerala, and Tamil Nadu , which together account for 31% of India's population, account for 58% of all medical colleges - both public and private - in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13142636", "title": "Tender for LPG terminal's jetty to be invited in June", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin Port Trust (CPT) and Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) will jointly set up a jetty for super gas tankers for the LPG terminal coming up at Puthuvypeen. A recent meeting of CPT and IOC, convened by the shipping secretary P K Sinha in New Delhi, decided to award the contract for the jetty in June.IOC will be submitting the dimensions of the berth to CPT, which would then work out the final estimates. Official sources told TOI that operational issues like wharfage will also be resolved by May 17. IOC will give a written confirmation along with a draft MoU on the construction and the usage of the jetty.According to CPT sources, IOC would provide the fund for the jetty and CPT will coordinate the construction work. The jetty will have facilities to berth tankers which are over 230 metres in length and it will have a draft of around 12.5 metres. The jetty will be jointly managed by CPT and IOC. The jetty would be used by IOC exclusively for about 161 days a year and would be available for use by other vessels for the remaining time period.The LPG terminal is set to have capacity of 0.6 million tonnes and its cost is estimated to be about Rs 180 crore. Gas from the terminal will be supplied to IOC stations in Salem, Tamil Nadu and Udaymaperoor in Kerala through pipelines, which will incur separate investments. The terminal is expected to yield a saving of nearly Rs 200 crore in terms of transportation cost.When contacted, IOC officials confirmed that they were keen to set up the LPG terminal in Kochi and more meetings with CPT officials in the coming days will fine tune the project. \"IOC board has already approved the project and if there are any revisions required it will again be placed before the board.''Kochi: The Cochin Port Trust (CPT) and the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) will jointly set up a jetty for super gas tankers for the LPG importation terminal coming up at Puthuvypeen.A meeting of the CPT and IOC convened by the Shipping Secretary P K Sinha recently in New Delhi decided to award the contract for jetty in June. IOC will be submitting the dimensions of the berth to the CPT which would then work out the final estimates for the jetty.Official sources told TOI here that the operational issues like wharfage will also be resolved by May 17. The IOC will give a written confirmation along with a draft MoU on the construction and the usage of the jetty.According to CPT sources, the IOC would provide the fund for the jetty and CPT will coordinate the construction work. The jetty will have facilities to berth tankers of length more than 230 meters and will have a draft of around 12.5 meters. It will be jointly managed by CPT and IOC. The jetty would be used by IOC exclusively for about 161 days per year and would be available for use by other vessels in the remaining days.The LPG terminal is set to have capacity of 0.6 million tonnes and its cost was estimated to be about Rs 180 crores. Gas from the terminal will be supplied to the IOC stations at places like Salem in Tamil Nadu and Udaymaperoor in Kerala through pipe line, which will incur separate investments. The terminal is expected to yield a saving of nearly Rs 200 crores in terms of transportation cost.When contacted, IOC officials confirmed they were keen to set up the LPG import terminal in Kochi and more meetings would be held with the CPT in the coming days to fine tune the project details. The IOC Board has already approved the project and if there are any revisions required it will again be placed before the board.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13143691", "title": "Tampered cheque encashed? Bank will have to compensate", "text": "MUMBAI:A consumer forum has held a bank guilty of deficient service for trying to absolve itself of responsibility in a fraudulent cheque encashment case.Indian Bank was reprimanded for allowing the encashment of a cheque which had been tampered with. The forum ordered the bank to pay Qatar-based Riyaz Mukdam the enchased amount of Rs 2.81 lakh with 9% interest from December 2008. This amounts to about Rs 25,000. He will also get Rs 10,000 as cost.Mukdam had an NRI account in the bank's Wadala branch . On November 24, 2008, he sent five post-dated cheques to his brother Abbutallah in Mumbai. One of them dated November 25, 2009, was for Rs 2.81 lakh. When Mukdam asked his brother about the cheques, he was told he had not received that one. On checking with the bank, Abbutallah found somebody had overwritten his brother's name and had encashed it at the bank's Bandra branch.Bank went to cops over a year after cheque fraudMUMBAI : When Indian Bank's NRI customer Riyaz Mukdam's brother checked with the bank for a cheque Mukdam hadsentfor Rs2.81 lakh , he found somebody had fraudulently encashed it. The cheque's date had been changed from November 25, 2008, to November 25, 2009 , and Mukdam's signature was forged . He claimed that the cheque was encashed due to the bank 's negligence .Mukdam said the bank filed a policecomplaintonly on December 29, 2010. He alleged that after seeing the overwriting , the bank should have got suspicious and should not have acted carelessly.He filed a complaint with the bank's branches in Wadala and Bandra and another with the Mumbai District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum on December 10, 2010.The bank did not file its defence and made no attempt to deny Mukdam's allegations . The forum held that under such circumstances , Mukdam's allegations stood intact . The forum stated that from documents presented , it was proved that the cheque was tampered with and the signature was forged . The forum said when it was clear that there were changes made in the cheque , the bank should have checked with Mukdam and conducted investigations . The forum also said the bank's irresponsible behaviour was evident as it delayed filing the police complaint .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141469", "title": "Nagpur gears up for Anna Hazare's visit", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the scorching May sun beats down on city's Chitnis Park, volunteers busy themselves to prepare for the much-awaited Anna Hazare rally scheduled for May 16. The anti-graft crusader last visited Nagpur in March 2011 and addressed a small gathering at Tiranaga Chowk, where his NGO's city office is located.But Anna and his supporters are now well aware of how things have changed. The hundred-odd people who had turned up to hear Anna last year at Tiranga Chowk are expected to transform into teeming thousands on Wednesday at Chitnis Park.Rajeev Saraf, a volunteer doing the groundwork at Chitnis Park, points to the stands, \"On Wednesday you won't find space enough to even stand. We are so excited that such a great man is coming to the city and it will be very inspiring for the youngsters here to understand what the country requires of them.\"The bare stage stares out at the ground where barricades are being put up to segregate the crowd and control its movement. About a thousand chairs are stacked up in another corner ready to be arranged nearest to the spot from where Anna will speak. With the rally being scheduled for 6.30pm the sun is not a major worry for the organizers, they are in fact optimistically worried if the ground will be able to accommodate everyone.Gopal Bele, district president of Anna's NGO Bhrashtachar Virodi Janandolan Nyas (BVJN), said, \"We are very confident that at least 25,000 people will come to hear Anna and it certainly won't stop at that. Our volunteers have already gone to the rural areas to inform about Anna's visit and those in the city are distributing handbills and putting up posters. The crowd turnout will certainly be unprecedented and we have also put in a strong mechanism for crowd control.\"About 50 policemen will be deputed at Chitnis Park to ensure that no untoward incidence occurs. Also BVJN has hired a private security agency for crowd control, going by the way things turned out during Arvind Kejriwal's visit last year. While Kejriwal was addressing an India Against Corruption (IAC) organized lecture at Vasantrao Deshpande Hall, outside his supporters and those of a local organization clashed. The scene soon turned ugly with the police registering cases against those involved.Apart from the police and private security guards, hundred volunteers of BVJN will be keeping a close eye on the crowd movement at the venue.Anna will arrive on Wednesday afternoon along with an entourage of 10 other people and after the rally will spend the night at Ravi Bhavan. He will leave for Wardha the next day after breakfast to tackle another busy schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143455", "title": "Hospitals eye 'halal' certification to attract patients from Middle East", "text": "CHENNAI: There are two things that worry almost every patient from Islamic countries who come to Indian hospitals: the meat they eat and the direction of Mecca. With more than 75% of the medical tourists being from the Middle East, hospitals are eyeing 'halal' certification to make them feel at home.On Monday, Chennai-based Global Health City said it has became the first in the country to receive the 'halal' certification from the Halal Development Authority. The certification would mean they get 'halal' meat in food and have 'quiblah' (the direction of Mecca) signs in every room and prayer hall. Muslims offer prayers facing 'quiblah.'At least five leading hospital groups in the country including Apollo Hospitals and Fortis are in talks with the authority, said Halal India general manager Mohamed Noman Lateef. In Chennai, Mehta Hospitals and Lifeline Hospitals have also sent applications for the certification.Halal India, is an independent Halal Certification body which is recognised by the Indian government and deals with certification of food, cosmetics and drugs as per the Shariah law. Halal is anything that is legal or lawful for Muslims. In terms of meat, halal applies to the kind of meat (pork is banned), their health condition and the way they are killed. The butcher must make a recitation to God and cut the jugular vein, carotid artery and the windpipe with a sharp knife. The animal can't be stunned before it is killed.To ensure the meat used in the Global hospital's kitchen is 'halal,' officials from Halal India visited the slaughter house from where the meat is purchased. \"It's not just about food or prayer hall, it's about lifestyle. For any Muslim it is important that any business performed in their daily lives is clean, hygienic and not detrimental to either their health or wellbeing as specified in the religious text. In that sense, it is a new benchmark for quality,\" said Halal India business development manager Sheetal Bajaj.Hospital chairman Dr K Ravindranath said Halal certification was a form of approval that boosts patients' confidence. \"To earn the certification, Global Health City had to meet strict Islamic guidelines dealing with hygiene and dietary regulations of global standards.\" The hospital's international business vice-president M Zakariah Ahmed said after Joint Commission International (JCI) this would be one of the biggest certification process hospitals in the country are aiming for.Every room will also have a sticker that gives the exact direction of Mecca. \"I tell every patient the food is halal. But I feel they would be happy to see the certification,\" said Global Hospital's international patients executive Vireesh Singh. \"We tell them that we make public announcements for prayer and ensure that we give women a separate place during prayer,\" he said.Transplant surgeon Dr Madhu Shankar agrees. \"People from the Middle East have a different culture. We don't enter the female patient's room without their permission. A female nurse will walk in first and seek permission for a male doctor's entry,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13144500", "title": "Red posters swamp Koraput on bandh eve", "text": "KORAPUT: Maoists posters were found in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon blocks of Koraput district on Monday, two days before a nationwide bandh called by the extremists.The rebels have called a 24-hour bandh on Wednesday in protest against the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) and operation Green Hunt.Sources said the posters were found at Odiapentha, Balipeta, Narayanpatna, Almonda and Kaberibadi areas of the district and on the road connecting Bandhugaon to Rayagada district, urging people to cooperate during the bandh.\"We demand the release of jailed political prisoners, stoppage of operation Green Hunt and withdrawal of para-military forces,\" reads a poster put up at Odiapentha. \"Participate in the bandh and make it a success,\" the poster appeals.Security personnel are spending sleepless nights as the Koraput-Srikakulam divisional committee of the Maoists, which had held the Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka hostage for more than a month, is operating in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon areas, and the secretary of the outfit , Daya, had circulated letters to the media on Sunday informing about their bandh call.Police said they had already launched combing operations in the area and all required security arrangements had been made to thwart any offensive planned by the Red rebels. Admitting that the Naxals have done massive postering in the area, Koraput SP Awinash Kumar said, \"Cops are on high alert. At present, the situation is under control, but we are not taking any chance. Anti-Maoist operations, based on intelligence inputs, have been intensified in the area.\"\"A Maoists bandh call means sleepless nights for us. People tend to panic easily. Though police personnel are there, we are not sure that the bandh will pass off peacefully. The Maoists are very much active here and they can do anything at will. Last month we remained cut-off from the rest of the state for around two weeks. We are very anxious,\" a Narayanpatna resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13144002", "title": "Court clears BMW \u2018driver\u2019; heat now on owner\u2019s son", "text": "GURGAON: A city court on Monday rejected the anticipatory bail application of Rajesh, who had claimed he was driving the speeding BMW car that crashed into an Indigo killing two persons on May 5, saying he need not be kept in custody as he was not the accused.The court's action, which declared the bail plea \"not mentionable\" , strengthens the suspicion that Rajesh was part of a coverup. Devender Sherawat, the BMW's owner, had said all along that the car was being driven by Rajesh, and not his son, Suraj, who has been missing since the time of the accident.\"Rajesh is innocent, just a fall guy,\" said advocate Vishal Gupta, Rajesh's lawyer.Highly placed sources, on condition of anonymity, said that key witness accounts and forensic data strongly suggested that Suraj was at the wheel when the car crashed at high speed. They said a formal announcement to this effect would be made soon.Late in the day, the police were learnt to have filed an application in a city court for issuance of a non-bailable warrant against Suraj.Intensifying its campaign against drunk driving, speeding and rash and negligent driving, the Haryana government has decided to record each violation and cancel licences of drivers who log three violations. The decision was taken at the road safety committee meeting last week.The court's belief in Rajesh's innocence in the BMW case is certain to upset Devender Sherawat. According to a top police officer, Suraj does not have a valid driving licence and his father tried to shield him from legal action by shifting the rap to Rajesh, who as it turns out was not a very convincing liar.Meanwhile, the other passenger in the BMW along with Suraj, Daksh Jaiswal, was discharged from hospital on Monday.Gurgaon police had sent a notice to Suraj Sherawat, but till Monday evening he had not made an appearance. The police commissioner had constituted a special investigation team under the leadership of ACP (DLF) to trace Suraj and his father Devender, but they were still at large. \"Our teams have raided several places and we hope to catch the suspect soon\", said Bhupendra Singh, ACP (DLF).Police sources said that forensic experts had picked up samples from the airbags and the rear passenger seat to determine who was behind the wheel. They examined the wreckage and collected blood samples from the car.Daksh's father was reportedly working with a private builder and also running a travel agency while Daksh's mother worked as a teacher in a city-based private school. Devender Sherawat, who was close to the Daksh family, had apparently put pressure on them to keep remain silent, but police were determined to unravel the truth.\"We are waiting to question the BMW car owner and his son. If they don't contact the police, they will face action,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (East).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "panaji/ponda/margao", "code": "13142778", "title": "Election campaigning ends with 50 code violation complaints", "text": "PANAJI/PONDA/MARGAO: The curtain came down on campaigning for the panchayat elections at 5pm on Monday. Though the electioneering was conducted on a quiet note with door-to-door campaigning as the main thrust of canvassing for votes, there were allegations in some quarters about distribution of money and gifts by some candidates.The state election commission received 50 complaints of violation of the code, including wooing of voters through distribution of gifts and cash. A long-time sarpanch from a village in St Andre constituency of Tiswadi allegedly distributed cash to voters in his ward. A notice was served on him by the Tiswadi mamlatdar after a preliminary enquiry.In South Goa, with a cap on expenditure for the candidates being 25,000 only, most of the candidates concentrated on door-to-door visits and corner meetings as means of campaigning. However, gifts to voters by candidates, is also not uncommon in some villages, sources said.A total of 37 booths have been declared sensitive and authorities have strengthened the arrangements in these booths, sources said.In Ponda, the police have identified 65 persons with history sheets and are in the process of securing bonds from them, considering their record. \"We are doing it as a preventive measure to ensure that they do not indulge in any anti-social activities during the poll,\" a police official said.A total of 90,174 voters will elect 162 members for the nine village panchayats in Ponda taluka.The Marcaim constituency which also has two wards from Priol has the highest number of voters with 36,371 voters, while Priol constituency has 27,800 eligible voters and four villages- Shiroda, Borim, Bethora and Panchwadi-which constitute Shiroda constituency has 26,003 voters with women accounting to nearly 52% of the total number of voters.To ensure free and fair elections, the Ponda police have deployed around 300 police personnel on 126 booths across the Ponda taluka. Out of 162 wards, 56 are reserved for women alone. A total of 56 wards out of 162 have been reserved for women alone in 19 panchayats across Pondataluka.The issue of garbage, infrastructure and other issues are likely to affect the polls, as some candidates have made it the main campaign plank of their campaign. The candidates are also offering to bring the government's financial schemes to the voters.Though there are a large number of candidates in the fray even after the last date for withdrawal, a few candidates have 'unofficially' withdrawn and are now supporting other candidates in most of the wards to avoid splitting of votes.The authorities have prohibited the movement of iron ore-laden trucks in the mining areas of North and South Goa to ensure the smooth and peaceful conduct of the panchayat elections.In Bicholim and Sattari talukas, deputy collector Levinson Martins has prohibited movement of trucks and tippers carrying ore from May 15 from 12pm to May 16 up to 8pm.The police and the mining companies have been directed to ensure compliance of the orders issued by the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13144236", "title": "Steady weakening of Sun's energy can affect Earth, finds research", "text": "PUNE: A recent research by the Radio Astronomy Centre, National Centre for Radio Astrophysics (NCRA) of the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR) has found that there has been a steady weakening of the Sun's magnetic field and its associated solar wind in the interplanetary space. According to the study, these changes can have a greater impact on the earth's atmosphere than previously thought.If such a steady weakening of the Sun's magnetic energy continues for one or two solar cycles, it may lead to a 'mini'-ice age kind of situation, similar to that which occurred in the 17th Century, states the study. According to the researchers, highly energetic charged particles, which are otherwise prevented by the Sun's strong magnetic field, now plunge into the magnetically weak inner space. Thus, during this deep minimum phase, space becomes a more dangerous place to travel for astronauts.The Sun, our energy source, goes through phases of violent (maximum phase) and quiet (minimum phase) activity every 11 years, which is called one solar cycle. The effects of minimum activity of a solar cycle are seen for about a year. However, the study reveals that the minimum activity was seen for more than four years in the recently concluded solar cycle. Thus, it was the longest and quietest minimum in the past 100 years.This is supported by the unusually large number of sunspot free days (800 days) between the years 2005 and 2009, as against only 300 days in the earlier solar cycle, which indicates heavy reduction in magnetic brilliance of the Sun. It suggests that sunspots may be going into an inactive or hibernation mode. In addition, during this longest and deepest minimum (between 2005 and 2009), the energy of solar wind was considerably low compared to its previous minimum of the solar cycle.The study, led by P K Manoharan, head of the Radio Astronomy Centre of the NCRA, using the Ooty Radio Telescope built and operated by NCRA, reveals the remarkable changes in the Sun-Earth space. He said the highly energetic charged particles plunging into the magnetically weak inner space can affect electronic devices in spacecrafts or satellites and the strong radiation emitted from the charged particles can lead to health problems for astronauts, during this deep minimum phase.According to him, further studies will give more details on the forthcoming period of Sun's quiet behaviour and whether we are heading towards a mini-ice age period that was observed in the 17th Century. \"During the mini-ice age period, there were practically no sunspots over prolonged time. In this period, the average temperatures in the northern hemispheres of the earth dropped by 2-3 degrees Celsius,\" he said.The recent study has observed that the number of charged particles expelled by the sun has steadily declined from the year 1985 to 2012, during which overall low-speed wind also dominated the heliosphere (bubble of charged particles in the space surrounding the solar system). Manoharan said the study makes it clear that the reduction in the particle emission from the sun observed in the extreme minimum phase closely correlates with the steady weakening in the strength of the magnetic field above the Sun's surface due to absence of sunspot activity. This study has been accepted and will be soon published in an international journal, he added.The Ooty Radio TelescopeThe telescope is built and operated by the National Centre for Radio Astrophysics of the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Pune. Operating at 327 MHz, it is 530m long in the north-south direction and 30m wide in the east-west direction. It is equatorially mounted on a hill slope in the Nilgiri hills in Tamil Nadu. A novel technique developed by the ORT team observes twinkling of large number of radio sources which provides the view of the density and speed of solar wind distribution in the three-dimensional space as well as its evolution over a long period of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13142782", "title": "DYFI worker loses hand in explosion", "text": "KANNUR: The left hand of the DYFI worker Roshin (21), who suffered serious injuries in a bomb explosion in his house at Padickachal in Thillenkeri on Sunday, has been amputated.Roshin is undergoing treatment in a private hospital in Mangalore. Forensic experts say the bomb which was kept in a steel cupboard exploded mainly because the aluminium powder used to make the bomb could have expanded due to the damp weather.Experts say at least 3kg of explosive is needed to make such a bomb that reduced the entire house to rubbles. Meanwhile, Iritty police conducted searches in the neighbouring areas and recovered gun powder from a rocky place near a rubber plantation on the hillside in Thillenkeri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13144620", "title": "Fares go up as airline nixes more flights", "text": "Air India's flight cancellations are likely to upset the applecart for holidaymakers booked in the coming days. Not only are spot fares climbing up, but very few seats for the US and Europe are available on other airlines. On Monday, AI again cancelled international flights, including flights to New York, Newark, London, Jeddah and Riyadh.Tour operators say airfares to the most popular international destinations have gone up by around 40% as in this peak holiday season, flights are almost full. A family of four, booked on an AI flight to Newark, was left with no option but to wait for AI to accommodate them on another flight as new tickets would force the family to pay almost double the original amount. \"We checked fares on other airlines and found that a ticket that cost us Rs 65,000 (return fare) was now at least Rs 1 lakh. Hence, we decided to wait for an alternate AI flight,\" said a member of the family.Also, seats are no longer available in bulk anymore, said Pradip Lulla, director, Cupid Travels. \"Each airline has two to seven seats for sale. This is why individuals may still get tickets, but a family of four may not be able to buy tickets for all on the same airline.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13141655", "title": "Tragedy averted: Huge cache of explosives unearthed in Gondia", "text": "GONDIA: A major tragedy was averted with the seizure of 20kg of explosives in Gondia on Sunday. Gondia Police had received an information about a possible IED explosion in Gondia district. Following this tip-off, the anti-Naxal cell and 60 police commandos launched search operation in Deori tehsil. The cops took the help of the bomb detection and disposal squad (BDDS) of Gondia and metal detectors.Finally, on Sunday afternoon the cops found 20kg of IED explosives stacked in two stainless steel vessels between Dhamnitola and Istari villages. Each container had 10kg of explosives packed in plastic bags. The explosives were found on either side of the bridge that connects two villages - Dhamnitola and Istari, around 65km Gondia. The area comes under Chichgarh police station.Sources in Gondia Police said, \"The explosives were connected with detonators. The explosives are so strong that they could have caused a 50 feet deep crater and vehicles would have been thrown 20 feet high.\"District superintendent of police Chandrakishore Mina, Vishwa Parse, SDO (P0) Shashikant Borade, Chichgarh police inspector Suresh Narnaware were involved in the operation.It can be mentioned here that, around a month ago Gondia Police had received in information that the Naxalites are trying to strengthen their base in Gondia district. After Gadchiroli they are eyeing Gondia. Last week the Maoists had kidnapped and killed the sarpanch of Istari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13146192", "title": "Rekha takes oath as Rajya Sabha MP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Celebrated yesteryear actress Rekha took her oath as Rajya Sabha MP on Tuesday.According to sources, master blaster Sachin Tendulkar will take oath on Wednesday. President Pratibha Patil had approved their nomination to the Upper House .Many received Sachin's nomination with great applaud, while many were disappointed on his decision to enter politics.\"Sachin is a great player and we are proud of him. If Sachin is being nominated, surely he would devote some time to Parliament,\" said Ravi Shankar Prasad, BJP spokesperson.\"I will be disappointed if Sachin joins a political party,\" said senior journalist and Rajya Sabha MP HK Dua.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141719", "title": "Food and Drug Administration destroys artificially ripened mangoes worth Rs 1 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) officials on Monday raided many fruit wholesalers at Santra (fruit) market and seized and destroyed mangoes worth Rs 1,10,400. The wholesalers were using calcium carbide to artificially ripen the fruits.The raid was conducted under the leadership of assistant commissioner (food) SB Naragude and his team. \"This raid is just the beginning. We conduct similar raids on and off, since sellers become aware and stop the process for some time. We would like to catch them red-handed,\" said Naragude.He pointed out that use of calcium carbide to ripen fruits artificially has severe health effects (carcinogenic) and also amounts to cheating, since the use of the chemical changes the colour of the fruit to look like a ripened fruit though it is actually not fully ripe.However, conducting raids on fruit sellers is not easy due to the traders union, which have even retaliated against the FDA in the past. The administration raided the market with support from the police to prevent any retaliation. FDA has warned fruit sellers against using such unethical and unhealthy practice in future and abide by the new Food Safety and Standards Act (FSSA). The FDA team consisted of MC Pawar, MD Tiwari, BG Nandanwar and DR Shinde.However, the fruit sellers association is not buying the FDA argument. \"Mango is in market only for four months from April to July. If all the fruits are flooded in the market at one time the price of the fruit falls and farmers as well as traders do not get any profit due to very less price. Use of carbide is common across the country. There is no other solution. FDA and agriculture minister should give us an alternative,\" said Rajesh Chhabrani, director of Agriculture Produce and Marketing Committee (APMC) and Kalamna Fruit Market Association in defence of the fruit sellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13144083", "title": "Dana Sangma case: Meghalaya suicide victim's sister moves HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The sensational case of Dana Silva Sangma, a student of Amity University in Gurgaon, who died under mysterious circumstances last month, has now come under the judicial lens, with her elder sister moving the Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday, seeking an inquiry into the incident by an independent agency.The petition filed by Dana's sister, Balsame M Sangma, is expected to come up for hearing on Tuesday before the HC.Balsame, 24, a civil engineer, who came all the way from Meghalaya to Chandigarh seeking justice for her sister, submitted that Dana was a strong, independent and rational individual, who was highly unlikely to have taken such a drastic step of taking her life for an insignificant reason like being accused of cheating in an exam, unless the university had taken further steps in getting her so mentally tormented.Alleging that accusations against her of cheating and the humiliation faced by her are the reasons of her death, Balsame sought direction from the HC to hand over the matter to any other police outside Haryana or to any independent agency like CBI.Balsame further submitted that on that day, her sister was in a cheerful mood and had told her mother that she had studied well and is looking forward to the examination. \"Prior to the incident, it appears that Dana had certain grievances regarding discrimination faced by her. Dana spoke to her father Elickson M. Sangma and indicated that she was facing some humiliation there,\" the petitioner added.Counsel for the petitioner, advocate Utsav Bains argued that the only allegation of cheating against Dana -- recorded at 11:45 am by the invigilator - said: \"found mobile phone in on mode in pocket\".However, Dana in a written statement after being accused of cheating; stated that she did have her phone on the switched-on mode in her pocket and that she did not cheat and had prepared well for the exam. The invigilator also gave a written statement saying that her phone was \"found in on mode in her pocket\" contrary to the university's claim that her phone was found in her hand as she was copying from the phone's Internet.The allegations:Local guardian not informed about the incidentHer room was visited and searched by university officials prior to the arrival of copsNon-cooperation by the Gurgaon police with family and friends of the deceasedContradictions in university's account of cheating in examination by DanaInitial concealment of written statement by Dana, after she was allegedly found cheatingFriends and classmate allegedly threatened by the university to not disclose any more facts about the incidentUniversity's cheating theory account does not correspond to actual facts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13144425", "title": "Hoardings block way on Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation premises", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) headquarters resembles a scrap godown nowadays with several truckloads of hoardings pulled down by the civic body from different parts of the city lying strewn on its premises.The pathway to the Tax Block has been blocked with the largest heap of the waste. The block is a citizen interface area where people come every day to deposit holding tax. \"It is very inconvenient. I was injured and my trouser was torn while struggling to enter the Tax Block,\" said Pitambar Dash, a city resident.Another big pile of the razed hoardings is lying close to the main entrance of the office. \"It is an eyesore. BMC should ideally keep these in a dumping yard,\" said another visitor.BMC sources said though it is a regular phenomena for the civic body, the problem has particularly become acute after the enforcement squad of civic body aggressively pursued drives against illegal hoardings in April. \"All those pulled down illegal material are added to the stock here. The deposits would have been much more but for frequent theft,\" said an employee.BMC secretary Debashis Mohanty said the corporation would very soon dispose of the razed hoardings through auction. \"We waited for sometime because the drive against illegal hoardings was on till recently,\" Mohanty said.Conceding that the pile up inside the corporation office was causing inconvenience, Mayor Anant Narayan Jena said, \"We have already started the process to auction these material. It would be cleared within two weeks.\"BMC had launched a massive crackdown on illegal hoardings in April. BMC sources said the corporation had given permission to 40 advertising agencies to install hoardings on private land and another agency to fix hoardings on government land. However, several illegal hoardings had come up causing revenue loss to the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13142397", "title": "Teen dies waiting for gates on border to open", "text": "Malda: In order not to stake the country's security, an ailing girl was allegedly denied entry into the mainland by the BSF. Due to lack of medical attention, Ruli succumbed to her ailment in the wee hours on Monday.The residents of Dui Sahata Bighi - located between the demarcated Indo-Bangla border and the fencing on the Indian side - live like outsiders in their own country. They cannot enter into the mainland except for four times in a day when the border gates are opened to them. It may be noted that around 5550 acres of Malda falls ahead of the fence. This part is inhabited by more than 1200 families and all of them have to depend on the scheduled opening of the gate for coming to the mainland.In this part of the world you live in your country as an outsider; your movement is restricted. In the need to go to doctor or any need you have to depend on the mercy of the security men. Living ahead of the fence you have to come to the mainland only at the scheduled hour. Meanwhile, your need can't be compromised with the security of the country. Yesterday the border saw the worst form of such restriction when a housewife failed to be taken to doctor succumbed to her ailment. Sensation was created at border village Dui Shata Bighi with the death of one Ruli Biwi (19) who allegedly could not be taken to doctor owing to the closure of border gate.Nineteen-year-old Ruli, the daughter of farmer Sadek Mia, was married to Razzak Sk of Bhagjantola a year back. Though both villages come under the jurisdiction of Battalion No. 134, Dui Shata Bighi lies inside the fencing and is being looked after Battalion No. 125 at present.Locals said Ruli had come on a visit to her parents' house a few days back. Here she fell ill. On Sunday night, when the body temperature did not come down,her relatives made an attempt to take her to the hospital. They reached Border Gate No. 13 at 10pm but it was closed. According to international rule, the gates are not opened after sunset except for some emergency. Sadek alleged that though they repeatedly requested the jawans,their pleas fell on deaf ears. After waiting at the gate for over two hours, Ruli died around 12.10am.As the news spread, the villagers launched an agitation near the dead body on Monday morning. Apart from demanding compensation, the villagers also demanded that the jawans be taken to task for being so inhumane. The BSF have lodged a written complaint with the BSF.Former MLA Biswanath Ghosh alleged, \"Not only the BSF, both the district magistrate and police superintendent were equally indifferent on getting the news. It was only at 12pm that police reached the spot, assured to take necessary steps and took away the body.\"However, Pranay Kumar, second-in-command of Battalion No. 125, said, \"It is most unfortunate. We had sent car for the ailing girl atnight but unfortunately she died before that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13143543", "title": "New pill to treat AIDS creates buzz", "text": "GUWAHATI: While HIV positive cases are on the rise in the northeast, Truvada, a pill, said to be the first ever pill to cure AIDS in the US, has created a buzz amongst patients here. However, the doctors are still not sure whether it will be right to jump into any conclusion as of now.HC Barman, a senior health official of Assam State AIDS Control Society (ASACS) said, \"We have heard about this new pill, but this is not the first such medicine; we already have 2{+n}{+d} line ART (Anti retroviral treatment) medicines. Seven such medicines are available in India right now. No confirmation has been given regarding this new medicine and such experimentation happen all the time. We cannot advocate the new medicine unless the health department and government approve it.\"\"The US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) has not given its approval yet as it is still being considered. Unless something concrete comes up, we can't advocate anything and we would rather continue prescribing the medicines that we usually do,\" Barman said.Barman added that the rate of infection is gradually coming down now, but the number of detection is increasing. \"Earlier, there used to be 22 per 1000 positive cases, which have now come down to 7 per 1000 cases. However, the number of detection has increased over the years as more people are getting themselves checked now,\" he said.There are around 166 ICTCT centers in the state and many new cases are being detected every year. In the northeast, the highest number of cases is being detected in Manipur. However, in Assam, the situation has improved considerably with people coming forward for detection,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13143833", "title": "Is it unlawful to marry a cousin?", "text": "BANGALORE : A marriage between two cousins belonging to Rajasthan's Shwetambar Terapanthi Jain community has come under the Karnataka high court scanner after a Mysore family court refused to decree a divorce on the woman's plea that 'an unwritten law' of the community had barred them from tying the knot .The Mysore court had also ordered the woman to stay with her husband . She had appealed to the high court against the order .Asking the trial court to adjudicate the matter afresh within six months , a division bench of Justices NK Patil and BV Pinto asked the wife to prove that there is a law in her community prohibiting marriage between cousins .Thewoman hasbeen advised to prove that such a custom prevailsin her community and the marriage is contrary to provisions of Section 5 of the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955 .The high court refused to buy an argument by the girl's lawyer , who cited a Supreme Court judgment granting divorce to a Khatri community couple who were relatives .\"The husband and wife in the presentcase areA roras (a community ) who do not belong to the orthodox class of Hindus and known to be much more liberal (than Khatri community ) over the prohibited degree between the two spouses ,\" noted the judges .The CaseIn 2008 , Rakhi Shah , a resident of Mysore , filed a petition in a local family court seeking divorce . She alleged that she was married to her cousin brother , Rakesh Shah from Bangalore , against her wishes . Rakesh's mother was the elder sister of Rakhi's father .She said Rakesh had forcefully married her at a lodge in Bangalore on February 16 , 2005.Itwaslater registeredin Bangalore . She sought nullity of the marriage saying her community does not permit the same between cousins .Rakesh claimed Rakhi had willfully married him and she had sought divorce under pressure from her father and other family members . He also filed a petition in the family court seeking restitution of conjugal rights . He argued that marriage between cousins was permissible in their community .Rakesh told the court that Rakhistayedwithhim tillApril 15, 2005, when her family forcibly tookher back . \"Sheis ready to come back to me , but is acting under her family's influence ,\" he contended .What The Law SaysSection 5(4) of Hindu Marriage Act, 1955, says a marriage may be solemnized between any two Hindus if the parties are not in a prohibited relationship, unless the custom or usage governing each of them permits a marriage between the two.(Names of the parties have been changed )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13145795", "title": "'Apple to unveil Intel-powered MacBooks'", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple is preparing a new lineup of thinner MacBook laptops running on more powerful chips made by Intel, people with knowledge of the plans said.The MacBook Pro machines, to be unveiled at Apple's annual developers conference starting June 11, also will feature high- definition screens like those on the iPhone and iPad , as well as flash memory to cut startup times and extend battery life, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plans haven't been made public.Apple's Mac sales are growing faster than the personal- computer market, benefiting from the popularity of its mobile devices. Since 2007, when the iPhone was introduced, Apple's Mac sales have more than doubled, reaching $21.8 billion last year. As Apple's share has grown, competitors such as Hewlett-Packard , Dell and Samsung Electronics have followed suit in making thinner, aluminum laptops that start up more quickly.Apple's new laptops will run on Intel's new processors, code-named Ivy Bridge, and will have a slimmed-down body design from the current 0.95-inch thickness, the people said.Bill Evans , a spokesman for Cupertino , California-based Apple, declined to comment, while Chuck Mulloy, a spokesman for Intel, referred questions to Apple.Apple shares fell 1.5 per cent yesterday to $558.22 at the close in New York . The stock has risen 38 per cent this year.Mountain Lion At the developer conference, Apple also may announce the debut date of its latest Mac operating system, called Mountain Lion, one person said. The new software, which Apple previewed in February, more closely aligns Mac computers with its mobile devices -- the operating system includes many elements of the iOS mobile software that runs the iPhone and iPad. One feature lets users send a text message to an iPhone from a Mac.Mountain Lion also expands Apple's iCloud digital-storage service to let Mac users access and share saved documents across the internet. It also allows users to create and access reminders and notes, and receive notifications, on all their Apple devices. Another new iCloud feature will make it easier to share photographs, the Wall Street Journal reported yesterday.The emphasis on the Mac at next month's conference suggests that Apple will concentrate on the iPhone later in the year. Analysts, including Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray, have predicted Apple will release its next smartphone model by October. The iPhone is Apple's top-selling product, accounting for 58 per cent of its revenue in the most recent quarter.New Mobile Software Apple is expected to preview some of the new mobile software features that will be part of that release at the developer conference in San Francisco .While Mac computers account for just 13 per cent of Apple's sales and are no longer the main sales engine for the company, the machines are steadily gaining market share. Apple controlled 11.6 per cent of the PC market in the US in the fourth quarter of last year, compared to 6.1 percent in the same period of 2007, according to Gartner Inc.Apple last redesigned the body of the MacBook Pro in 2008. The devices have more memory and stronger graphical and computing capabilities than MacBook Air laptops. The MacBook Pro now costs $1,200 to $2,500, depending on the size and components.The new models come as Apple looks beyond Intel for chips to power its iPhone and iPad. While Intel provides the semiconductors for Apple's new laptops, the chipmaker is facing questions from investors about why it hasn't made better inroads into the market for components that power phones and laptops. Instead of using the Santa Clara , California-based company for chips inside its mobile devices, Apple uses competing components based on the designs from ARM Holdings.Intel's Goals At an investor meeting last week, Intel Chief Executive Officer Paul Otellini was asked whether the company was at risk of losing the Mac business altogether if Apple moves its computers to an ARM design. He said Intel's plan is to improve the performance of its designs to the point where Apple will use its products more widely.Intel, the world's largest chipmaker, also is helping boost Apple's competitors in the PC market, who are seeking to respond to the popularity of Apple's iPads and laptops by introducing their own new products. Intel has been promoting a new type of thinner laptop, called an Ultrabook, that uses its components. Ultrabooks are less than an inch thick, have days of battery life, start up in seconds and sell for less than $1,000. The features are similar to those of Apple's MacBook Air.Intel also has been working closely with Microsoft on the release of its Windows 8 operating system, which was designed to work on both PCs and mobile devices. The Ivy Bridge processor design is made with an updated manufacturing process, resulting in more powerful chips that use less battery life. The technology website 9to5Mac.com reported earlier yesterday that Apple is working on a thinner version of the MacBook Pro with a sharper screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13142604", "title": "They wish to advance marriage to adopt newborn", "text": "BHOPAL: A city-based doctor and his fiancee are willing to speed up their marriage plans so that they can adopt the infant they found abandoned on Monday morning.Dr Ramprasad Mishra, a general physician with Mahesh Hospital and his fiancee Farhana Khan are eager to adopt the two-day old they found, so much that they had written to the police for the same.On Monday morning, Farhana found the new born when she opened the door around 6 am. The baby was found near the godown on the ground floor while she was on the first floor.She then took the baby to the hospital where she works as a receptionist and then Dr Mishra arranged for her milk, feeder, clothes etc.Dr Mishra said, \"The baby is so cute! We are willing to adopt her right away. In fact if marriage is the only constraint, then I'm ready to marry right now!\"Mishra said, \"After consulting others on the matter, I wrote an application to the Ashoka Garden police saying that I want to keep her as we found her.\"\"The police though told the doctor that it was not possible as there was a certain procedure and alerted our team to rescue her,\" said Archana Sahay of Childline, whose team went and brought the newborn from the police station.\"From there, she was taken to Hamidia Hospital's department of paediatrics for medical check-up. She was found normal and fit,\" she added.\"Since the time we have handed over the baby, Farhana has been sobbing incessantly. We both want to keep her with us. She is such a lovely and healthy child!\" said Dr Mishra.The doctor also said that he would do all within his might to get the custody of the child. The newborn girl was then taken to Matra Chhaya, an adoption agency later at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143044", "title": "Power demand still remains high", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite a dip in daytime temperatures due to showers in the city in the last few days, the demand for power has not ebbed away. The Hyderabad metro zone consumes between 1,700 mega watts (mw) and 2,000 mw per day and the Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL) has been facing a shortage of 400 mw to 500 mw of power every day.Though there are no official power cuts and load shedding, unscheduled power disruptions are continuing in surrounding areas of the city. These unscheduled power cuts might end in a month.CPDCL officials were hoping that summer showers and pleasant weather might bring down power demand in the city. On the contrary, the demand has remained unchanged in Greater Hyderabad limits, comprising three circles of Hyderabad and two circles of Rangareddy district. Of the total consumption, 1,200 mw power is being utilized in Hyderabad metro zone, mainly offices, industrial units and commercial establishments.CPDCL sources said the power demand on May 1 was 1,700 mw and subsequently it touched up to 1,900 mw on May 5, but it peaked on May 10, reaching 2,100 mw, highest this season. On the next day i.e., on May 11, the power demand was 2,037 mw.CPDCL officials said power demand is reduced to a great extent during the weekends, as IT hubs remain closed on Saturdays and Sundays and commercial establishments and offices on Sundays. Generally, the power demand is 900 mw on Sundays and 1,100 mw on Saturdays. \"There are no power cuts and load shedding for the past 20 days in the city as we are getting the required power from APTransco,\" CPDCL chief general manager (metro zone) AG Satish Kumar told TOI.However, consumers in two circles (North and South RR district) complain that they have been experiencing unscheduled power cuts from one to two hours daily. \"Even if there is a minor shower, there is no end to power woes,\" a consumer from Malkajgiri said. \"Once the power generation improves next month, we will overcome even the 400 to 500 mw shortfall,\" a CPDCL source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13144325", "title": "Air India travellers rush to other airlines", "text": "PUNE: The ongoing Air India pilots' strike and subsequent flight cancellations by the national carrier have disrupted holiday plans for many travellers from the city.Travel agents in Pune said that people scheduled to fly to international destinations by Air India flights have cancelled their flights and re-booked seats in other airlines in the last week. They have had to pay at least 20 to 25 % higher airfares. Some leisure travellers have cancelled trips altogether, they added.\"Travellers are playing safe by booking other airlines, though they have to pay Rs 15,000 to Rs 20,000 more than the original Air India fare. They have paid cancellation charges and opted for Jet Airways and British Airways ,\" Sohail Zaveri, executive director of a travel agency in Koregaon Park, said.\"Some international travellers who had booked to go abroad during the next two weeks have now resorted to alternative airlines, because they cannot take a chance if their original AI flight gets cancelled when they are set to fly. Most flight bookings cancelled were for flights bound from Pune via Delhi, to international destinations such as Chicago and London , among others (Delhi being the transit point). In the last one week, we have had about eight to 10 cancellations of AI bookings, with travellers re-booking in alternative flights,\" Nikhil Thakurdas, chief executive officer of a city-based tours and travel company, said. His travel agency had received another 10-12 queries from clients asking for options.G Krishna, general manager of another travel company and the treasurer of Travel Agents' Association of India (TAAI), Pune chapter, said his travel agency has had 30% cancellations from the total bookings done in AI since the past one week.\"These travellers, some going to meet their families in the UK, have re-booked on alternative airlines. Another 30% travellers who had booked on AI have cancelled their trips as they could not pay air fares in other airlines, which were Rs 25,000 to Rs 30,000 per person,\" Krishna said.About 500 people bound for the US via AI are currently uncertain, as they do not know whether their flights will take off as scheduled or get cancelled, Zelam Chaubal, director of a travel and tour company in Shivajinagar, said.\"About five per cent of our total clientele is booked on AI currently. In some cases, AI is making alternative arrangements. We have big groups travelling and it is difficult to re-book on alternative airlines. The entire situation is creating problems for travel agencies too, as 50 % business happens in the current holiday season,\" she added.Akhilesh Joshi, director of a city-based travel agency, said his company has currently rescheduled 15% of travellers on AI flights to alternative airlines. \"Passengers are paying more and not cancelling their trips in our case, as hotels have already been booked in other countries and a refund is not possible. These travellers are mostly bound for Europe for leisure,\" said Joshi.Amarjit Lidder, director of another travel company, said, \"AI has accommodated travellers on alternative flights in the face of flight cancellations. About seven to eight travellers from my company have been rescheduled this way during the last couple of days.\"A Pune-based traveller, who had booked on an AI flight scheduled to fly on Tuesday, said, \"I have booked a premium tour for myself and my daughter, which includes the Bahamas, the East and the West coast of the US. But I am unsure about the flight. Before travelling, one has to make many arrangements. However, with uncertainty looming, we can only wait and watch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13143519", "title": "NGO bandh hits life in four Meghalaya districts", "text": "SHILLONG: A 12-hour bandh called by influential pressure groups brought life to a standstill in the four Khasi-Jaintia districts of Meghalaya on Monday. Vehicular traffic was also very sparse. Government offices were opened, but attendance was thin.The bandh, which started this morning, affected normal life in the eastern Meghalaya districts of Jaintia Hills, East and West Khasi Hills and Ribhoi districts.Tribal NGOs, including the Khasi Students' Union, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front, called the bandh to press their demand to stop enrolment of voters. They alleged that the present system had scope for foreign nationals' entry into the electoral roll.In view of the bandh called by pressure groups, people preferred to stay indoors as the city wore a deserted look. All shops and business establishment kept their shutters down and vehicles were mostly off roads.Government offices, banks, financial and business establishments and educational institutions remained closed in most parts of these districts.Security arrangements were tightened in view of the bandh. Security was also beefed up in all sensitive government installations. \"There was no major untoward incident reported from anywhere in the state. The police have been carrying out round-the-clock patrolling,\" a senior police official said.A massive security blanket was thrown across Meghalaya, particularly in capital city Shillong.While the government has decided to do away with the special facilitation cells set up for enrolment of eligible voters at the DCs and SDOs offices in the four districts, it has set up an all-party committee to study the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141487", "title": "Indian Mujahideen boss\u2019s close aide held in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: A senior operative of Indian Mujahideen and a close aide of the terror group's Indian chief Riyaz Bhatkal has been arrested.A police source said the man, identified as Shakeel, had helped IM terrorist Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh with logistics and also roped in recruits for him. \"He has known Shahrukh for a long time and had met him in November last year,\" said a senior police officer. Shakeel is the 12th member of the IM module to be arrested in the recent moths. This module was found involved in a series of blasts in India in the past three years.The Special Cell of Delhi Police has arrested a senior Indian Mujahideen member, Shakeel, who is also said to be a close aide of IM boss Riyaz Bhatkal. Shakeel, sources say, also helped group's India boss Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh in his operations by providing logistical help and motivating youths for him.A team headed by DCP (special cell) Sanjeev Yadav arrested Shakeel in Lucknow on Saturday. The accused, from Sitapur in Uttar Pradesh, is also allegedly a relative of Bashir alias Hamza, an IM motivator. Hamza was arrested earlier this year.A source said, \"Shakeel knows Riyaz Bhatkal, Iqbal and Yasin Bhatkal since 2004 and has been motivating youths for them. He had met Yasin several times before the Jama Masjid and German Bakery blasts and was in touch with him till November last year. We are probing his role in these attacks.\"A source said Shakeel's arrest was crucial though several IM members, including its chief Yasin Bhatkal, are still at large. Police believe Shakeel is aware of Yasin's hideout, the source said.The arrest assumes significance as police are planning to file a chargesheet in the 2010 Jama Masjid attack., in which IM members fired at foreign tourists and exploded a bomb in a car on September 19, 2010.The chargesheet, slated to be filed in few days, will name Yasin Bhatkal, Qateel Siddiqui, Mohammad Irshad Khan, Abdul Rehman , Gauhar Aziz Khomani, Farooq, Gayur Ahmad Jamali and a Pakistani national who fired on Taiwanese - Mohammad Adil alias Ajmal. The Special Team of Delhi Police had busted the module of IM in November-December 2011, after a lull of almost two years.Shahrukh is still on the run and sources say that he is the most dangerous man as he is capable of reuniting his modules and creating new ones.Several members were arrested after Sanjeev Yadav's team busted an arms factory in Meer Vihar area on the outskirts of Delhi and arrested some members. A few members of the outfit have also been arrested by Mumbai, Tamilnadu and Karnataka police following Delhi Police crackdown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144297", "title": "Schools urge DM to allow board classes", "text": "LUCKNOW: In wake of the district magistrate's orders to close down all schools from May 15, some schools in the city have approached the DM requesting him to allow class 10th and 12th students to continue their classes, so as to enable to prepare for the board exams. Some parents too called up the DM, Anurag Yadav on Monday requesting him to allow their children to go to schools in the morning hours, so as to complete their course.However, the DM has not yet taken a final call in the matter. \"Many schools in the city have requested to allow them to run extra classes for class 10th and 12th students considering the board preparation. Since the schools are to be closed from May 15, I will see how many schools remain opened on Tuesday. I will take a final call after assessing the reasons as to why the schools did not close,\" said Yadav. The DM added that final decision is yet to be taken.To recall, the district administration on Saturday had asked the district inspector of schools (DIOS) to ensure that all schools are closed from May 15 due to intense heat. However, some schools have showed their inability in following the order and said that they had to finish the syllabus due to excess number of holidays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144350", "title": "UP budget session from May 28", "text": "LUCKNOW: The budget session of UP assembly will begin from May 28 with the opening of Governor BL Joshi's address to the joint session of both the houses of state legislature.A notification to this effect was issued on Monday by UP assembly secretariat. Since it will be the first formal sitting of the House after formation of the Samajwadi Party government, the joint session address by the governor is mandatory under the Constitutional provisions.Although the schedule of the House is yet to be decided, it is likely to have a protracted session stretching over three weeks. The budget session bears significance as it will set the tone and tenor of the state government which has come to power with a thumping majority.The session is equally important for chief minister Akhilesh Yadav who also holds the finance portfolio. His parliamentary skill will be put to test when he presents his first budget. What makes his task daunting is the sustainable public financial management in the face of election promises of his party. Apparently there seems to be liquidity crunch.There are many challenges and they come from the SP's promise to give unemployment allowance that would cost around Rs 1,100 crore to the state exchequer. Another Rs 2,900 crore is to be spent on free tablet PC to 26 lakh students and free laptops to around 20 lakh class 12 students. Free electricity to farmers and weavers will incur around Rs 4,000 crore. Grants-in-aid to encourage Muslim girls to continue their study beyond class 10 will bring an additional expenditure of Rs 700 crore.The SP has also promised remunerative prices to farmers, which will be 50% over the cost of production. It has also promised to go for the state procurement of major crops without getting into the administrative and cost dimensions of the promise. Further, it has also promised to waive farmers' debt upto Rs 50,000 and provide loan to farmers at 1%. While it is difficult to assess the exact cost burden of these promises, roughly they are estimated to cost well over Rs 15,000 crore.In addition, the ruling SP has also promised to give fee exemption to all girl students at graduate level and fee exemption to students from families with an annual income of less than Rs five lakh, who get admission in higher educational and technical institutions. Other sops to the youth include cycle to girl students and filling of a large number of vacancies in educational institutions and government departments.Further, the cause of worry is the SP's election promise to reduce VAT on various things, which are cheaper in other states. The loss on account of this is estimated to be well over Rs 4,000 crore. How this gap will be abridged is not yet clear.Based on the budget estimates of Rs 1,91,825.52 crore for 2012-13 made in the vote on account sought for the first four months (April to July 2012) by the previous Mayawati government, there is a cushion of around Rs 10,000 crore. So, this is proposed to be relocated as per the election promises. Apart from this, another Rs 10,000 crore would be raised by increasing the annual plan size from existing Rs 47,000 crore to Rs 57,000 crore. The fiscal deficit in the budget estimate of 2012-13 is shown to be around Rs 980 crore. Under the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act, the fiscal deficit can be up to 3% of the GSDP. From this calculation, the present deficit could be taken upto Rs 20,000 crore to create additional fund election promises of the government. Apart from this, the government might have to scrap many old schemes and direct the funds available in them for funding the remaining schemes.However, the approaching danger is the shortfall in the state resources. In this context, the major setback comes in the form of slashing in the state's share in the Central taxes. UP, which was supposed to get Rs 51919.54 crore, will now get only Rs 50,351 crore under the revised estimate. This is the negative impact of the global meltdown on the economy. This means the state will get Rs 1,568.54 crore less than its estimate. Apart from this, the recovery from minerals is likely to be only Rs 653 crore against the estimate of Rs 900 crore and Rs 280 crore as forest royalty against the budgeted provision of Rs 838 crore. Similarly, the recovery of the irrigation dues are also to be much less at Rs 190 crore as against the budgeted provision of Rs 500 crore. Recovery from the VAT is also said to be 10% lower than the target of Rs 50,866 crore. Other domestic resources are Rs 8,252 crore from the excise, Rs 7,629 crore from stamp and registration and Rs 324 crore from electricity duty.The main concern for the government is how best to make both ends meet with revenue recovery remaining painfully slow as against the committed expenditure of 84,296 crore on account of salary, pensions and interest repayment.The annual salary bill of around 16 lakh state employees stands at around Rs 47,000 crore, which is equal to the state's annual plan size of 2011-12. Then comes the pension of around five lakh plus pensioners, which is netted at Rs 14,000 crore. Besides, the state has a liability towards the repayment of its debt, which stands at Rs 20,4511 crore. The interest paid on it is around Rs 15,000 crore and repayment of capital is Rs 8,398 crore. With additional borrowings between Rs 16,000 crore and Rs 17,000 crore annualy, the debt burden continues to increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13144603", "title": "Mona becomes 1st Vidarbha woman cricketer to represent India", "text": "NAGPUR: Volleyball is still the buzzword in Meshram family. Most of the family members of Vidarbha batswoman Mona Meshram have represented Maharashtra at various levels.She too was a national-level volleyball player. However, when she decided to take up to cricket after the Indian cricket board took charge of women's cricket in 2006, nobody in the family objected. In fact, everyone in the family encouraged her.Four years after she learned the nuances of cricket at Vidarbha Cricket Association, the 20-year-old has made it to the Indian team for the forthcoming England tour. She is the first Vidarbha women cricketer to represent the country.Two city girls - Sangeeta Dabir and Monica Sumra - were part of the Railways team when they were selected for the Indian team. \"We knew whatever she does, she does it with dedication and determination. We all are proud of her,\" Mona's mother Chhaya told TOI at their residence at Abhyankar Nagar on Monday.The Indian team, which will play two Twenty20 and five one-dayers in a 16-day tour, will be led by her idol Mithali Raj. \"It's great to be sharing the dressing room with somebody like her. The likes of Mithali and Jhulan (Goswami) have given so much to the Indian cricket. They have achieved a lot and there's so much to learn from them. It's another level and there will be expectations but I am ready for it. I am not thinking too much about what's going to happen. I just want to keep things simple,\" a cool and clam Mona said.Calmness has always been her forte. Statistics may present different picture but she has always stood firm in the pressure-cooker situation for Vidarbha last year in many low-scoring encounters. Mona's consistency, especially in the last two years, forced the national selectors to have a look at her for the warm-up one-day match against visiting Australian team at Ahmedabad this March. She didn't disappoint and scored a composed 29 (2nd highest individual score of the innings).\"To me, cricket has always been a game of bat and ball. When I bat, I don't look who's bowling at me. I just look at the ball and play according to merit. If I think Ellyse Perry (Australian pacer) will be bowling to me then I will put myself under pressure. That innings gave me the confidence that I could play at that level,\" she said.The Vidarbha Under-19 team finished runners-up last year and it won't be an overstatement to say that it was Mona's tournament. This right-hander played a vital role in her team's success and scored 534 runs at an average of 106.80 hitting a century and four fifties. \"Whatever I am today is just because of VCA. The facilities here are world class. I want to thank all the VCA officials and coaches. Subroto (Bannerjee) Sir has helped me a lot in the academy. He told his boys to bowl to me in the nets and that has helped a lot,\" she said.\"The last two years have been fabulous. I have improved as a cricketer. I am fitter and stronger. The NCA camp has also helped a lot. I am looking forward to do well against England. It would be challenge for me in those conditions but I will give my best,\" said Mona.No wonder, VCA officials are elated with Mona's achievement. \"It's great for her. She deserved it. She has always been a hard working girl and all her hard work has paid off. VCA is proud of her. Now, she should aim to play for the country for long,\" VCA president Prakash Dixit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13146229", "title": "Suraj in Ente Sathyanweshana Pareekshakal", "text": "Known for his comic roles, Suraj is now all set to play the role of a protagonist in Subil's next.The movie is titled ' Ente Sathyanweshana Pareekshakal' . The movie is directed by Subil and the script of the movie is written by Shankhar RamakrishananThe film will be produced by K Anil Mathew under the banner of 'Mary Matha Films'. Going by his impeccable comic timing and OTT expressions, this film is definitely worth waiting for !Source: Keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13155498", "title": "Early vacation after scorcher of a Monday", "text": "KOLKATA: You felt it and the Met department agrees that Monday was the worst day this summer. The discomfort level scorched to 13 points above normal and the maximum temperature was a fraction below 38 - 3 degrees above normal.With no hope of relief in the next 48 hours, chief minister Mamata Banerjee announced that the summer vacation in government and government-aided schools would start on Tuesday instead of the scheduled date of May 19.\"It is very hot and children are suffering. I have told Bratya (Basu) to ask schools to declare summer vacations from Tuesday,\" the chief minister said at Writers' Buildings on Monday.The discomfort index is calculated on the basis of temperature, humidity, windflow pattern and other variables. Monday wasn't the hottest day of the season - the mercury had shot up to 39.6 degrees Celsius on April 23, but the other variables had kept the discomfort index within normal limits. \"There will be no respite from the scorching heat in the next 48 hours. There is no forecast of rain either ,\" said G C Debnath, director , Regional Meteorological Centre, Kolkata.Doctors have advised caution for parents who still have to send their kids to school.\"Parents should take special care to ensure greater fluid intake because it is easy to get dehydrated in this heat,\" said child specialist Shantanu Ray. There is also a high incidence of viral fever at this time. A common heat-related ailment among children up to 6 is febrile convulsion. Kids should be administered oral rehydration solution at regular intervals.Doctors warn that anyone who needs to venture out in this heat has to be extra careful. General physician Tomonash Bhattacharya advises people to avoid the peak hours of the day. \"Cover your head and face well and try to avoid constant fluctuation between extreme temperatures - the heat outside and the air-conditioning of your office or home,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144362", "title": "Scam unearthed in installation of Mayawati's jumbo statues at dalit memorials", "text": "LUCKNOW: After NRHM, Noida land, toilet and canal scams during the previous Mayawati government, financial irregularities have now been found in making and installation of elephant statues at dalit memorials. These memorials were built in Lucknow and Noida by the Mayawati government. She projected them as symbol of dalit pride.But on Monday, police found documents during raids at office and godown of the UP State Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd (UPRNNM) which showed anomalies in tendering, payments to the sculptors and over evaluation of about 200 statutes of elephant at dalit parks and memorials. A senior police officer told TOI that the scam involving the supply, cutting and polishing of stone and statues could be worth Rs 300 crore.The matter came to light on Saturday when Agra-based Madal Lal lodged an FIR against a contractor, Aditya Agarwal, from Lucknow who had ordered for the carving of the statues. Lal claimed that Agarwal gave him the contract of supplying stones and installing them after carving an elephant. Lal said he was told that the official rate of one elephant statue is Rs 48 lakh but was paid only Rs 7.5 lakh for 16 statues. Acting of the complaint, police on Sunday raided Agarwal's godown and found a statue of the elephant. Police also recovered Rs 63 lakh in cash from the basement of 'Lucknow Marbles', the office of Agrawal.Agarwal, who worked for the UP State Nirman Nigam, was arrested on charges of duping Lal.On Monday, police raided office and godowns of the UP State Nirman Nigam, a public sector construction unit of the UP government. \"As per the papers seized so far, we have reached the conclusion that while the cost of each elephant statue was Rs 5.62 lakh, Agarwal used to receive an additional Rs 47 lakh for polishing and transportation of a statue. There was clearly a scam in which the officers of UPRNNL were involved. We are expecting to unearth a bigger fraud after interrogating some of the officers and contractors,\" Lucknow DIG Aushotosh Pandey said.On Monday noon, a police team reached the UPRNNL office and sought details of the tenders and work allocation related to elephant statues. During the examination of the files, the names of former UPRNN MDs CP Singh and Arvind Kumar Bhatia and three GMs H Kumar, AK Gautam and Avni Kumar cropped up. Police wrote to regional passport officer for the cancellation of their passports, Pandey told TOI.Built at a cost of over Rs 4,000 crore, the dalit memorials have over 200 statues of elephant - 156 in Lucknow and 52 in Noida. The Election Commission had directed to cover the statutes at the time of assembly elections, as elephant is the poll symbol of BSP. It took 1.5km long polythene to cover the statues at a cost of over Rs 1 crore. Mayawati drew flak from several quarters for spending huge amount on construction of the memorials. The money, they said, could have been used for funding schemes to uplift dalits. Mayawati also installed her own statues in these dalit memorials.A CBI probe into the Rs 5,700-crore scam in the implementation of the National Rural Health Mission is already underway. The scam allegedly took place during Mayawati's rule. The Mayawati government was also pulled by the high court for acquiring land at throwaway prices from farmers and selling them to builders. Financial bungling running into crores of rupees have also been alleged in the construction of canals in Bundelkhand and toilets in rural area under total sanitation programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jalandhar/kurukshetra/lucknow", "code": "13143668", "title": "Potato prices increase by nearly 50%", "text": "JALANDHAR/KURUKSHETRA/LUCKNOW: The government may be pressing the panic buttons due to spiralling food prices, but it failed to read the writing on the wall five months ago when thousands of farmers across Haryana, Punjab and UP set ablaze hundreds of tonnes of potatoes on the streets to protest low prices and mounting losses due to a glut. Now, prices have shot up by nearly 50%.In December, angry farmers torched potato sacks on the streets of Jalandhar and Chandigarh and tonnes of vegetables lay charred or crushed under wheels of speeding vehicles on the highways. Farmers had claimed they were unable to even recover input costs for the last three years.\"A large part of the crop was destroyed by farmers as profit margins disappeared and losses loomed. Those who had stacked potatoes are reaping benefits now.\" said Vijay Mehta, general secretary, Bhartiya Kisan Union. Mehta had led the protests in the cramped Sahabad grain market near Kurukshetra and set potato sacks ablaze. There were no takers then. \"Traders had no arrangements to store the raw crop, nor did they want to take the risk. Tonnes of potatoes went up in smoke and now the prices are spiraling,\" said Pawan Aggarwal, a potato supplier in Pipli grain market.Experts say rising fertilizer prices is also a dampener. Fearing losses, not many farmers sowed the crop this year. \"There's a 35% fall in potato production. In Punjab, off-season rain also played spoilsport, said Jaswinder Singh Sangha, general secretary of Jalandhar Potato Growers Association.Growers did not get remunerative price in the last three years. \"So they preferred to invest less on fertilizers and production fell. Of all vegetables, potato requires most fertilizer, said Jang Bahadur, secretary general of Confederation of Potato Seed Farmers.In UP and West Bengal, which collectively contribute 70% of the national produce, there was 20% fall in produce due to less use of fertilizers. In Punjab, the January rain spoiled the crop by 35%.Middlemen are also playing a role in jacking up prices. Farmers are selling the produce at Rs 9-10 per kg which includes storage costs. \"But consumers are getting it for Rs 20 per kg. Middlemen are making maximum profit, not the grower,\" said Jang Bahadur.Babu Mohd Atiq, president of Fruits and Sellers Association, Lucknow, said there was a potato glut in the state last year. \"This year, not many farmers sowed the crop. Also, potatoes are being exported to states like Bengal and Bihar, leading to shortage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13143027", "title": "Students, police clash over cricket in Kashmir university", "text": "SRINAGAR: Unrest gripped Kashmir University after a cop fired in the air following a tiff with students playing cricket on the campus on Monday. Sparks flew when a cricket ball hit the Vice Chancellor's room. Witnesses claim, when students went to fetch the ball, they were stopped by police, triggering violence. Vice-chancellor Prof Talat Ahmad ordered a probe into the firing and suspended the errant constable.The cricket match was organized by the Army in collaboration with the sports and youth affairs department. Chief proctor Afzal Zargar said two local teams were playing the Kashmir Premier League on the campus when the incident occurred. \"The VC has ordered an inquiry,\" he said.\"Police had stopped the boys from entering the administrative block, a restricted area. This sparked off a war of words. Soon, players rushed in and assaulted the constable, Ashiq Hussian, and even tore his uniform,\" a police officer Saleem Khan said.Later, more boys stormed the campus and thrashed other policemen, including an inspector. During the scuffle, one of the cops fired in self defence. As word spread, students trooped out of their classrooms and launched protests.A defence spokesman said, there was a misunderstanding during the match on the campus and the issue was later resolved. No student of the university indulged in violence and no student was injured, university spokesperson Showkat Shafi said.Shafi said, \"The Kashmir Premier League was being held on the university grounds between two private clubs, Kashmir Greats and Blossom Cricket Club. There was an argument between the players and the university guards. The matter was resolved after a policeman was suspended and an inquiry committee set up.\"Last week, the vice-chancellor faced embarrassment when students and teachers showed disrespect to the national anthem during a 3-day seminar - Impact of peace, conflict and disturbances on economic development processes. The university authorities, however, played down the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13142409", "title": "100 devotees fall ill after having prasad", "text": "HOWRAH: Beware of food items kept overnight in this heat without proper refrigeration, even if it is prasad.Nearly 100 devotees, including 14 kids from the Mahishamuri village and surrounding areas in the Tajpur Gram Panchayat of Howrah's Amta-II Block, fell ill to food poisoning on Monday after having prasad at a religious ceremony. Timely arrival of a five-member medical team prevented the situation from turning worse.Every year, a two-day Krishna Mahotsav is organized at the village. According to sources, prasad was prepared on Sunday evening and kept throughout the night for devotees who reached in the morning. Soon after having it, the devotees complained of stomach ache. Some had loose motions and started throwing up. The medical team reached the spot and 72 were admitted to the Amta Rural Hospital.\"Of those admitted, 14 were children. Condition of all of them is stable now. Some have been released. We are checking how the food got contaminated,\" said Pinaki Ranjan Sengupta, BDO, Amta-II.Amta MLA Asit Mitra visited the spot and spoke to the affected villagers. In 2010, a similar incident occurred during the same festival. Many more devotees were affected then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13143416", "title": "Encroachments galore in Sector 19 market", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Finding parking space in Sector 19 market is never easy and the municipal corporation has turned a blind eye to the problem. Forget about creating an organized parking, the MC cannot even remove encroachments from around the market.Sector 19 rehri market sees quite a rush of the shoppers as one can shop from clothes to utensils and other daily need items. In the absence of the proper parking, the commuters park their vehicles on both sides of the road and many even park in front of the gates of residences in the area.Police station is just 100 metres from the rehri market, but this does not deter the shopkeepers, who have encroached the parking area. It seems that the enforcement wing of the MC is least bothered in removing these encroachments.Resident of Sector 18 Vishal Bhardwaj says he prefers to walk when going to Sector 19 market as it is easier to walk or hire a rickshaw than take a vehicle to the market. Veena Malhotra of Sector 32 says, \"It is not easy to find a parking space in the area so I park near the church and then walk to the rehri market.\"MC officials have already made it clear that they cannot regulate the traffic in the market and it is up to the traffic police, which on the other hand is planning to map the area where the parking is a problem. Area councilor Mukesh Bassi said there should be a community parking in the area and he planned to move a proposal in this regard. \"If the architecture department gives its approval, the problem can be sorted out,\" he added.UT has a long way to go to meet int'l standardsGaurav Bhatia | tnnCHANDIGARH: The UT plans to take the first step towards the introduction of the automatic parking system at some places, but it still has a long way to go before it provides services like online parking reservations.In Chandigarh even if capacity of the parking lot is full, vehicles are still allowed to enter in the parking lot as the contractor wants to make more money. To streamline the parking, the MC had constituted a paid parking committee that looks after various parking violations. The committee was dissolved in 2009 and since then it has not bothered to reconstitute a new panel. The UT has to strive hard to make the parking facilities at par with those in other nations. TOI takes a look at the best parking practices across the world.UNITED STATES The City of Rockville has an online parking ticket payment option. The service allows the convenience of paying current parking tickets over a secure website with most major credit cards.GERMANY The system includes car stackers, enclosed cabin lifts, fully automatic garages with the most space-efficient systems with automated parking for up to hundreds of cars on multi levels above or below ground. Wohr Parking Systems, based near to Stuttgart in Germany, have developed an increasing number of ways to create multi-storey vertical car storage and sliding platform solutions.SINGAPORE Commuters can opt for seasoned parking. Subject to the eligibility and the availability of the parking lots, people can renew the season parking for up to a maximum of 12 months. One can renew the season parking ticket which starts from the booking date based on the order of priority for allocation of parking lots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13144490", "title": "Ex-Congress MLA sent to jail", "text": "RANCHI: former congress MLA Niyel Tirkey was sent to judicial custody for 14 days on Monday after he surrendered in connection with a case lodged in 2005. He along with supporters staged a dharna on railway tracks and disrupted train movement demanding proper implementation of the Panchayat Extension to Scheduled Areas (PESA) Act. A case was lodged against him in the railway police station on charges of disruption of government work and creating nuisance. The court summoned him several times but he never appeared in the past seven years. On Monday he surrendered before railway judicial magistrate Ramesh Chandra who rejected his bail plea and forwarded him to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13143313", "title": "State looking for partner to set up sewage plant", "text": "MUMBAI: With treatment of waste becoming a major civic concern across the state, Kerala is looking for a partner in building a sewage treatment plant, said state industries minister P K Kunhalikutty while addressing the media in Mumbai on Monday.The minister said the government would solve the issue of waste treatment soon. He said residents will be encouraged to segregate plastic.Biodegradable waste will be turned into composite and a plant would be set up under public-private-participation model. \"We are looking for a partner and the government is ready to bear 75 percent of the project cost,\" said Kunhalikutty. Chief minister Oommen Chandy , Kunhalikutty and a host of civil servants are in Mumbai for a two-day visit to showcase 'Emerging Kerala', the state governement's investment initiative, and sell Kerala as an investment destination to the business community. On Tuesday Chandy and his team would meet business leaders arranged by Confederation of Indian Industry and Nasscom.This year's state budget had its focus on agriculture development but the CM was hard selling infrastructure projects such as high speed rail corridor, mono rail, Kannur international airport, Vizhinjam International Seaport apart from the expansion of PSUs.Chandy said agriculture is of importance though it contradicted with his statement that farmers will be the first beneficiary when their lands are acquired for projects. One of the thrust areas is food and agro-processing,'' he said.Chandy said Kerala's successful social model will be leveraged to achieve sustainable economic growth. The investment initiative \"Emerging Kerala' will be held once in two years. \"It is a platform to discuss the future direction of Kerala's development, with ideas and inputs from thought leaders across the world,'' he said.The high speed rail corridor from Thiruvananthapuram to Udupi in Karnataka costing Rs 118,000 crore will be ready in 2020. The CM admitted that land acquisition for projects is a problem. \"But I am optimistic,'' he said. Chandy added that workers unions affiliated to different political parties are supporting the development agenda.On the notorious practice of \"nokkukooli' where headload workers demand levy without doing any work Chandy said except in a few stray cases the trend has been reined in.\"There is a ban and police will register extortion cases against those who demand money. We will take action if there is a complaint,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142561", "title": "Vikas Yadav seeks benefit of doubt in Katara case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vikas Yadav, a convict in the 2002 Nitish Katara murder case, on Monday told the Delhi high court that he deserved the benefit of doubt of a statement that it was \"less likely\" that the recovered hammer caused fatal injuries to the victim.\"This small, little and legitimate benefit of doubt should have gone to the accused. The trial court denied that benefit in the case,\" lawyer U R Lalit, appearing for Vikas, told a bench of Justice Gita Mittal and Justice J R Midha.The defence based its arguments on the statement of Anil Singhal, who had conducted the postmortem on the victim Katara.Singhal had testified in the lower court that there was \"less\" chance that the injury on the head of the victim was caused by the hammer allegedly recovered at the instance of the accused during the probe.As the expert witness, who was not shown the hammer earlier during the probe by the police, did not opine that the injuries on the victim were \"likely\" to be caused by the recovered hammer, the non-conclusive nature of the statement favoured the accused, the lawyer contended.Referring to the relevant part of the lower court's verdict, which disbelieved the medical expert, Lalit said \"I have got a serious objection to the issue.\"The lawyer also disputed the credibility of recovery of the hammer saying neither \"disclosure\" statements were signed by the accused nor the doctor was shown the alleged weapon of offence during the investigation and prior to recording of his statement during the trial.Vikas, his cousin Vishal Yadav and Sukhdev Pehalwan were awarded life term for killing Nitish Katara, a business executive, after abducting him from a marriage party at Ghaziabad on the intervening night of February 16-17, 2002 because they did not like the victim's proximity to Vikas's sister Bharti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13144418", "title": "Town bus service set to roll in Berhampur", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Berhampur Development Authority (BDA) has planned two new bus services, one within Berhampur town, another connecting Berhampur, Gopalpur and Chhatrapur.The services will be launched through public private partnership (PPP), at an estimated cost of 3.5 crore. At least 24 buses will ply in the first phase. A Mumbai-based consulting agency presented a detailed project report in this regard here on Monday.The agency has suggested the formation of a special purpose vehicle (SPV) with involving the BDA, Berhampur Municipal Corporation (BMC) and the Notified Area Councils (NAC) of Gopalpur and Chhatrapur to monitor the services.At present, passengers depend on trekkers and matadors for travelling to these two places from Berhampur.\"Not only is time a big factor, but travel in trekkers and matadors is also a risky affair. These are always overcrowded. Moreover, there are no town bus services within Berhampur. So, we have also suggested a bus service for the town,\" a BDA official said.The Berhampur municipality had introduced a town bus service in 1991. The service was later discontinued as it incurred heavy loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "13142705", "title": "Panchayat polls: Village panels mark Bardez fight", "text": "CANDOLIM: The panchayat elections in the coastal belt of Bardez have assumed significance as Calangute MLA Michael Lobo is personally campaigning for some candidates and the BJP local committees have formed panels in some villages.Pramod Parulekar, who is the brother of tourism minister Dilip Parulekar, is contesting from ward No. 5 in Saligao panchayat. The Saligao constituency is witnessing a keen contest after the Saligao MLA's emergence as a tourism minister.In Nerul, sitting sarpanch and a veteran of 25 years Savita Shirodkar, who was backed by former MLA Agnelo Fernandes, is contesting once again. But her group has not formed any panel and she is not averse to extending support to the minister.However, BJP workers have their own panel, the Nerul Vikas Manch in the village, says Saligao BJP block general secretary Deepak Rane. He added that they have floated panels in Pilerne, Sangolda and Guirim too. The BJP-backed panel, Saligao Vikas Manch, hopes to win seven out of the nine seats in a contest with sitting sarpanch Lucas Remedios, who is out of the race, as his ward is reserved for women. Besides these two panels, the Saligao Civic Forum has also put up candidates.In Pilerne, sitting sarpanch Suvarna Malik is also re-contesting along with her husband, deputy sarpanch Ramakant Malik. There are five new candidates in their panel contesting nine wards and supporting BJP, Malik said. However, Deepak Rane says the Pilerne Vikas Manch is the BJP-backed panel.In Candolim, the poll battle has gained significance as Lobo is personally campaigning. The sitting sarpanch, Fermino Fernandes, is among the candidates from the panel supported by Fernandes. All the 11 wards, including four reserved for women and one for OBC, will witness multi-cornered contests but the fight is likely to be between the two main panels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13144182", "title": "Kathak workshop inaugurated", "text": "VARANASI: A year-long workshop to inculcate the steps of kathak among general people organised by members of the Benaras Gharana, in association with a cultural organisation Rupvani, was inaugurated at the open air theatre (OAT), Sanskritik Sankul (Cultural Complex), Chowkaghat on Sunday.According to Ramkrisna, kathak master and member of Benaras Gharana, the workshop aimed at introducing Kathak with local people and at the same time preserving this classical form of dance. According to him, around 20 persons have already shown their presence while some 100 kathak dancers are expected to join the workshop. According to Ramkrishna, various dance maestro of Benaras Gharana including the kathak danseuse Sitara Devi have given their consent to visit and impart training during the workshop. The workshop is free of cost however, some amount will be charged in the beginning as registration fee. Classes will be held at the OAT, Sanskriti Sankul and at the Vivekanad Shikshan Sansthan simultaneously.Divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari inaugurated the workshop that began with performance of Ganesh Vandana by Prashashti Tiwari followed by various vocal programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13145640", "title": "Two arrested for driver's murder", "text": "PUNE: The Chinchwad police arrested two suspects on Sunday night in connection with the murder of driver Popat Tikone. Tikone (35) was allegedly bludgeoned to death following a petty quarrel.Vijay Shivaji Gaikwad (40) and Shankar Kadam (29), both from Chinchwad, were arrested by a police team led by senior inspector P B Lokhande. Gaikwad is a neighbour of Tikone.On Sunday early morning, Tikone's body was found at Chinchwadgaon. Tikone's son Yuvraj (23) lodged a complaint with the police.Investigations have revealed that, Gaikwad and Tikone had entered into a brawl on May 12. When Yuvraj tried to intervene, Gaikwad had threatened Yuvraj that he would kill his father. \"The next morning, Tikone's body was found,\" Lokhande said.Lokhande said that the duo had bludgeoned Tikone to death, when he was fast asleep near a garden at Chinchwadgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13141954", "title": "Nashik witnesses CPM-led stir over drought situation", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik district unit of CPM on Monday took out a morcha to the Nashik district collectorate, to press for various demands including the announcement of Nashik district not just as water scarcity-affected, but as a drought-hit district.The morcha, led by the senior CPM leader Dr D L Karad, started from Golf Club ground and proceeded forward via Timbak Naka, Shalimar, Red Cross, Meher and finally concluded at the district collectorate.A delegation of CPM office-bearers, led by senior CPM leader Dr. D L Karad met the collector P Velarasu and presented him with a memorandum of their demands.The memorandum states, \"Last year, the monsoon was delayed causing delay to sowing operations in the district. Besides, the return monsoon did not arrive. The Rivers and nullahs did not flow due to lack of sufficient rain water, and as a result, rivers, nullahs and wells dried by December. The problem of drinking water has become severe in the district. There is no fodder for the cattle and labourers have no work. The measures taken by the government have been in adequate so far, as people have not received any government assistance that was announced, are so inadequate and people have still not received the assistance the government had announced \" the memorandum said. It also included specific demands such as supply of free cattle fodder, provision of tanker water supply by tankers to villages with severe water scarcity, free school books, note-books and uniforms to the students, and exemption from the recov-ery of electricity bills and crop loans.It went onto enlist other demands such as proper implementation of EGS (Employment Guarantee Scheme) works, cancellation of the river linking project in Nashik and Thane district, fixing a guaranteed price of Rs. 1,200 a quintal for onions, abolishment of Special Economic Zone (SEZ) projects and food-grains to all at below poverty line (BPL) rates through the public distribution system.The delegation included CPM office-bearers including Dr. D L Karad, Shridhar Deshpande, Sitaram Thombare, Tanaji Jaybhave and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143421", "title": "Cancer patient commits suicide", "text": "JAIPUR: A 63-year old man, who was suffering from esophageal cancer for the last two years, committed suicide by jumping from the terrace of his double-storied house at Swarn Path locality in Mansarovar.His body was spotted on the terrace of his neighbour's single-storied house on Monday morning. The people of the locality informed the police. \"He had sustained a grave head injury which the main cause of his death. The deceased was identified as Surendra Kumar Jain,\" said Nem Singh, circle inspector, Mansarovar.According to the police, Jain was disturbed with his prolonged illness and he committed suicide.\"Initially it appeared that he accidently fell down, but it was clear after investigation that he jumped from the terrace of his house and fell on the terrace of his neighbour's house. It is a clear case of suicide,\" Singh added.Jain retired from the Khadi Gramodhyog Board and after some years he was diagnosed with cancer. The deceased has not left any suicide note or implicated anyone as the reason behind his extreme step, police said.The body was given to the family after the post mortem.TOI visited the deceased's house on Monday evening. \"We have seen him in intense pain and he couldn't even walk properly for the past two months,\" said a neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13143279", "title": "Cop\u2019s son among 7 booked for kidnap, assault", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The son of a police inspector was arrested and half a dozen accomplices of his were booked for abducting, robbing and threatening a trader, Tarun, in Sector 27 on Sunday. Police have arrested Parminder Rana, the inspector's son, and have also recovered two vehicles used in the crime, an Innova and an Alto.The abducted Tarun was dumped near the dividing road of sectors 15 and 16 in Panchkula after a brutal thrashing. Two police gypsies chased the vehicles of the accused after a passerby passed information about the kidnapping to the police control room.Parminder, 19, a resident of police colony, in Sector 26 had been arrested earlier too in connection with an attempt to murder case in 2010. Police sources said an old rivalry is the reason behind his kidnapping. Tarun, a resident of Zirakpur, was standing outside his shop in the Sector 27 market when Parminder and his accomplices reached there and forcefully bundled him into a white Innova at pistol-point.Inspector Shri Parkash, SHO of the police station in Sector 26, said a case has been registered in this connection and raids are being conducted to nab the absconding culprits.Police sources said Parminder was arrested near Harmilap Nagar in Zirakpur when he and his accomplices tried to escape after abandoning their vehicles. A sharp-edged weapon was also recovered from him. A case in this regard has been registered at the police station in Sector 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13144210", "title": "Ganga Mukti Maha Sammelan on May 21", "text": "VARANASI: The Ganga tapasya has completed 121 days. It is still continuing on the Kedar Ghat in support of a free Ganga. The Ganga Seva Abhiyanam is going to organise a Ganga Mukti Maha Sammelan at Beniabagh Park on May 21.\"Seers and saints, intellectuals and the Ganga lovers from different places will assemble at the Ganga Mukti Maha Sammelan to work out the future course of action of the Save Ganga Movement with a declaration of Ganga Mukti Maha Sangram,\" Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, the convener of the Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, told TOI on Monday.\"It would be decided in the proposed convention what would be the nature and intensity of the save Ganga movement and Maha Mukti Sangram,\" he said adding it was unfortunate that the Central government had turned a blind eye to the plight of the National River.Meanwhile, the Ganga tapasya was continued by Devi Purnamba on Kedar Ghat, Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (Prof GD Agrawal) and Brahmachari Krishna Priyanand at Shiv Prasad Gupt Hospital and Ganga Premi Bhikshu at Sir Sunder Lal Hospital of BHU .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bbmp needs to address two independent issues on the financial front very urgently ", "code": "13144023", "title": "View from the top", "text": "BBMP needs to address two independent issues on the financial front very urgently : one, spend whatever money it raises very effectively; and two, be capable of raising more funds for infrastructure and social services. This is like a family that earns Rs 10,000 a month, but wants to plan for Rs1 lakh of expenses. The only way to make ends meet is to spend the earnings wisely, while simultaneously increasing the earning power. It will need to use innovative means of raising funds. This will require financial discipline -both to spend more wisely, and also to earn more intelligently. The starting point of such financial discipline is timely and audited financial statements. It is astonishing that BBMP doesn't have audited financial statements that provide an accurate and complete picture of its financial status, despite handling over Rs 9,000 crore of public funds. It is unfortunate that public interest in matters like budgets, finances and BBMP's performance is so limited. When there is such little pressure from citizens, we are bound to see little financial discipline.''- Ramesh Ramanathan | Co-Founder , Janaagraha Centre For Citizenship And DemocracyBBMP should adopt professionalism in financial management and if required consult experts outside the corporation framework. E-governance is a must in all works of BBMP; this ensures plugging of revenue leakages to a great extent and it will also clean up the property tax collection mess. However, BBMP should do away with licensing of trade and commercial buildings as it has become an outdated mode of collecting revenue. It must rather effectively collect commercial rents and regularize and manage their assets. They should rationalize nonrevenue tax collection systems.- JR Bangera | Presdient, FKCCIWhat BBMP needs is reforms. When it is incapable of charting out a realistic budget, it should take guidance from civic experts and involve groups like Janaagraha to plan such tasks for them. BCIC also has given several suggestions; they listen but beyond that, nothing happens. Also there is a political apathy. Things may improve if the mayor's term is extended. I have interacted with several mayors in Gujarat and other states, who are very proactive. Political apathy and bureaucratic helplessness hinders progress.''- Sumitra Iyengar | Chairman, Infrastructure Expert Committee, BCICThere are certain white elephants in BBMP. Those deputed from other departments are some among them. They are paid more for the little work they do. Cost cutting must begin from there. Besides, bringing about financial discipline is a must, for which BBMP must table its budget in time and it must be `realistic' .- Padmanabha Reddy | JD(S) Leader, BBMP CouncilNYC Vs BBMPNew York City has a budget of $ 66 bn (Rs 350,000 crore) for a population only 3% lesser than that of Bangalore. NYC's budget is therefore 3.5 times the size of Karnataka's state budget (for over 60 million people). That it handles several additional functions than the BBMP is hardly any consolation given the extent of difference in financial outlays.The per capita budget of NYC is Rs 430,000; 19 times larger than BBMP's per capita of Rs 22,500.NYC's own funds constitute over 70 % of its budget against BBMP's target of 44%. BBMP's own funds as per Revised Estimate in 2010-11 as % of Budgeted expenditure for 2011-12 is a dismal 14%.MCGM vs BBMPProperty TaxMCGM's (Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai) property tax budget for 2011-12 on per capita basis was lower than BBMP's at Rs 1,600. However, in 2012-13 , they have more than doubled it to Rs 3,400 through specific measures. MCGM's collection efficiency also appears to be significantly better with Budget documents indicating that targets for 2009-10 and 2010-11 were met. BBMP's collection of property tax against budget has been consistently lower by 30-40 % in the last 4 years. Will the BBMP also show the same resolve as the MCGM?Source: PROOF , JanaagrahaDifferent strokesEmergency fund? What's that?What is the definition of emergency? One which requires immediate action. But our mayors don't seem to think so. Take the case of the Emergency Reserves. The money is meant to be used during emergencies. But in 2011-12 , funds allocated from the Emergency Reserves saw Rs 9 crore going towards payment of pending bills and Rs 49 crore for taking up the spillover works. These spillover works were the emergency works supposed to have been taken up in the previous year!Starting trouble for BBMPWhen a residential plot is used only for commercial purpose, it must be considered as a commercial property and must be made to cough up revenue like any other trading centre. BBMP, on its part, has been mulling on this aspect: it has been considering treating hostels, paying guest accommodations and serviced apartments as commercial properties so that the tax collection can be escalated. However, so far no concrete decision has been taken in this regard.OFCs can bring revenueBangalore has an Optic Fiber Cable (OFC) network for more than 5,000 km across the city, but BBMP is not able to realise the service tax amount that matches the extent of the OFC network. The Karnataka Municipal Council (KMC) Act 1976 empowers BBMP to levy the fee and the move helps it to garner at least Rs 600 crore per annum. Though BBMP has been planning to mobilize funds by levying tax on internet service providers through OFC for utilizing BBMP's land for laying the network, the response from the OFC companies is lukewarm. Only strict implementation of laws will help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13144987", "title": "Parineeti gets a new friend!", "text": "She is fun. She is sweet. And now, post Ishaqzaade, she has emerged a star. And we have learnt that Parineeti Chopra has also got herself a new best friend - Jackky Bhagnani. In fact, since the two met around a couple of months back, they have been almost inseparable. Of course, Parineeti's film promotions have come in the way. But the young actress has been trying hard to make time for Jackky as well. We learnt that Parineeti has been dropping by at Jackky's residence on a regular basis. They were once spotted in the office above Jackky's sister Honey's Juhu interior shop. A source told us, \"Very few people are aware of this blossoming friendship. Both Jackky and Parineeti have maintained a very low profile. They do not want to be unnecessarily linked up romantically. They have just started knowing each other. Right now they are good friends and enjoy each other's company. In fact, two days before Parineeti's film Ishaqzaade released, Jackky was busy tweeting about it.\" Interestingly, before Parineeti made her Bollywood debut she was dating Maninder Singh. Maninder is Harman Baweja's cousin. And Harman in those days was still dating Priyanka Chopra , who is Parineeti's cousin. While Parineeti and Jackky remained unavailable for comment, Parineeti's spokesperson refused to say anything on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13143344", "title": "Rajasthan High Court notice to government over non-appointment of information commissioners", "text": "JODHPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Monday issued notices to the state government and the Rajasthan Information Commission (RIC) regarding non-appointment of information commissioners in the RIC by the government.A division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice Kailash Joshi sought a reply from them on the next hearing. The court was hearing a PIL filed by one Dinesh Bothra.Challenging the present structure of the RIC, the petitioner said that the appointment of at least one information commissioner is mandatory along with a chief information commissioner in the RIC. However, now there is only a chief information commissioner and not a single information commissioner.Counsels of the petitioner, Baljeet Singh Sandhu and Sandeep Shah, argued that the state has not complied with the provisions of the RTI Act, which describes the commission as a multi-member structure. \"Hence, the functioning of the commission is in contradiction with the fundamental notion of the Act,\" they argued.The petitioner claimed that in the absence of provisioned structure, the disposal of pending appeals has affected. The number of pending appeals has exceeded 8,000, with the time of disposal shooting to over one year. Thus, the RIC has miserably failed to perform its duties, the petitioner said.\"On the contrary, the governments of other states are providing comparatively better and adequate resources to ensure smooth functioning of the commission and speedy disposal of the appeals,\" the petitioner said, citing the example of Panjab and Himachal Pradesh. The petitioner also alleged that neither any transparency has ever adopted in the appointment of the chief information commissioner by successive governments, nor experts of respective fields have been roped in with a view to make the functioning of the commission effective and worthy in compliance of the provisions of the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13142880", "title": "What stops adminstration from implementing solutions?", "text": "GURGAOn: In a recent newspaper article on Malaysia, a senior columnist mentioned hope and anger as two motivational factors for civil action. In the context of Gurgaon, I would like to add two more - dismay and frustration.We, who stay in Gurgaon, start with hope. We feel we have some special knowledge and the time and energy to devote to improving our society. We make suggestions to the authorities in the hope that these will be implemented. We even volunteer to spend our time. Then we wait and discover that our hope was misplaced. After that, we experience dismay followed by frustration, and then anger.One example of this is our water and electricity situation. We had 57 sectors in Gurgaon earlier. When we heard that the government was planning to increase the number of sectors, we wrote to them that the electricity and water available in Gurgaon were not even sufficient for the present population and this was the condition when nearly half of new Gurgaon was still under construction or was yet to be occupied.We pointed out that it would be foolhardy to increase the number of sectors till such time that the electricity and water problems of the present and projected population in the existing sectors were satisfactorily addressed. Then we waited in hope.The government went ahead and doubled the sectors in Gurgaon. This will increase the demand for electricity and water to at least three times the present demand - demand, mind you, not supply. There was talk of getting additional water from the second canal and some additional electricity from new power plants.However, even if these worked on a 100% efficiency basis, these would not suffice to meet the full requirement of even the present residential, industrial, commercial and agricultural sectors in Gurgaon.Since then, the supply of water and electricity has become even more critical. The groundwater level is sinking, water harvesting remains mostly on paper and check dams in Aravalis are yet to be seen in adequate numbers. Residents' hope has now crossed the dismay stage and we are frustrated at the excuses given by the administration time and again. The next stage is anger.Another example concerns our traffic regulation and law and order. Years ago, we found that both these needed significant improvement. We identified the root cause as lack of enough manpower and training. We wrote to the administration and waited in hope.Almost five years later, we find that the situation has become worse. Almost 1,500 officers are missing from the sanctioned strength of about 4,800, which itself is low for our population. The existing officers and men are overworked - 12- to 18-hour duty for policemen is the norm. VIPs further eat into these scarce manpower resources. We have entered the dismay and frustration phase. With the doubling of sectors, the situation is even more critical. The next stage is anger.When the population becomes angry on one front, it can perhaps be managed. When it becomes angry on a number of fronts, then it is a time-bomb ticking under the administration and the government.It is not difficult to calm this anger. None of the solutions is very difficult to implement. The power supply companies can be professionally managed by qualified directors who are accountable, water harvesting and check dams can be expedited, new water pipelines laid on a war footing, sewage cleaning machines increased in number, many more officers and policemen appointed and so on.The voters are at the last stage of the hope/ dismay / frustration / anger cycle. The question is - will our government wake up by itself or will it wait till the electoral lynch mob is at the door?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13143442", "title": "Five dead, 12 injured in van-lorry collision in Karur", "text": "TRICHY: Five people were crushed to death and 12 others seriously injured when a tourist van collided head-on with a sand-laden lorry at Kulathupalayam on the Karur-Coimbatore Road.According to police, the accident occurred when 30 Thuvakudi-based factory employees and their families were returning from a tour in two different vehicles. They had embarked on the tour on Friday night. Fortunately, most of the women and children were in a van that was following the vehicle which met with the accident.Most of the employees of a Duvakudi engineering firm who went on a tour were from Trichy and Thanjavur. They set out on a two-day tour to Ooty. As they were returning, a sand-laden lorry coming from Mayanur in Karur district collided with one of the vans around 2.15am at Paramathi. Both the van driver, Jaqit Ali alias Rafique (38) and the lorry driver Murugan (40) from Krishnagiri were killed on the spot. The other three killed were workshop manager Sajjudin (35), supervisor Kajahsheikh Allavuddin (23) and a worker Baskar (34).Paramathi police registered a case and said that the sand-laden lorry was headed to Coimbatore. Police said the lorry had come to the main road from the mud road and the van driver did not expect its sudden entry due to poor visibility.Following the incident, Aravakurichi ASP Ziaul-Hug along with other police personnel rushed to the spot. They had to summon cranes to separate the vehicles. Only after separating the vehicles, the police were able to find the bodies of the victims, who had been crushed inside the van. The injured have been admitted to Karur government hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13144794", "title": "Actor Upendra offers \u2018tappu kaanike' over Katariveera... trouble", "text": "Mangalore: Kannada film actor Upendra and producer of 3-D movie 'Katariveera Surasundarangi,' Munirathna made amends for hurting the sentiments of several members of pro-Hindu organizations on Monday by offering 'tappu kaanike' at Kanakana Kindi of Sri Krishna Mutt, Udupi.They sought the blessings of Shiroor Mutt Seer Laxmivara Theertha, who was instrumental in stopping the screening of the movie in Udupi. Screening of the movie was stopped in Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Chikmagalur after VHP and Bajrang Dal held protests in front of cinema halls saying many scenes in the film are \"derogatory in nature\" and hurt their sentiments.The duo arrived in the temple town at 2.45 pm, three hour behind the scheduled time, and met Shiroor seer. The trio had a closed door meeting for half an hour.Upendra offered the 'tappu kaanike' on a platter with two coconuts and coins to the Kanakana Kindi. Both Upendra and Munirathna also apologized for hurting the sentiments of the seer. Upendra acknowledged the seer as his 'guru'. Munirathna said that already seven to eight scenes had been deleted as per the demand of the seer and others.Upendra told TOI: \"We had talks with the Shiroor seer and the row has been solved. The movie will soon be screened in theatres in the coastal region.\" The screening of the movie was disrupted in Mangalore or Udupi on Monday. Bajrang Dal convener Sharan Pumpwell said, \"We will not go back on our demand and will allow the screening of the movie only after editing objectionable scenes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13143689", "title": "Robbers attack couple at home, flee with gold chain", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 47-year-old bus conductor and his 35-year-old wife sustained multiple injuries late Sunday night when they resisted attempts by two youngsters from robbing their farm house at Kattampatty near Negamam in Pollachi. The masked thieves managed to escape after snatching a seven sovereign gold chain from the woman before the police arrived. Police have formed three special teams to nab the culprits.According to Pollachi police, A Manthiriyappan works as a conductor with Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC), Coimbatore division, and was home on Sunday. While he and his wife Pushpavathi were preparing supper at around 10.30pm, the robbers who used banians to mask their face gained entry and locked the house from the inside. Their two children M Soumya and Bharathi had gone to their grandmother in Palladam. The youth attacked Manthiriappan with a log and his wife with a knife when they refused to hand over the keys to the cupboard. The former sustained head injuries and fell unconscious.The youth, who wear wearing only their undergarments and mask, demanded that they hand over their gold jewels and money, but Pushpavathi denied having any money. The duo tried to force her to part with her gold chain at knife point. When she refused, they tried to attack her with a knife. In defending herself, she sustained severe cut injuries on both hands. Manthiriappan pleaded with his wife to hand over her gold chain to them. She eventually gave it up. The duo warned them not to shout for help. When Pushpavathi tried to get help using her mobile, the thieves seized it.When the burglars left, the couple alerted the police who rushed to the spot. Forensic science experts lifted finger prints from the house.\"Before they entered the house, the thieves gagged the pet dog, leaving it in the water tank. We have rescued the dog. We have got vital clues and have formed three teams to nab the culprits,\" said P Balaji, Deputy Superintendent of Police, Pollachi sub-division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13144043", "title": "The cause, the consequence and the cure", "text": "Debt is a double-edged sword for public institutions as it is for people. Debt helps common people buy cars and homes and helps public institutions build valuable infrastructure assets but if abused can drive both to despair. BBMP clearly finds itself standing at the wrong edge of this sword with estimated liabilities of close to Rs 6,000 crore, and scanty own sources to repay them. Its 602 bank accounts have run dry. Now is the time to introspect seriously on the 3Cs of BBMP's debt trap -- cause, consequence and cure.The CauseBBMP does not produce or review its annual audited balance sheet, income statement and cash flows. The balance sheet is a statement of wealth that shows the financial position of an entity. The cash flow statement reflects the liquidity position of an entity which in turn also determines solvency. Both balance sheet and cash flows need to be managed closely by any entity across short, medium and long tenors to avoid falling into a debt trap, more so by a public entity accountable for every rupee that it spends. BBMP's failure to do so has been the singular cause for its present woes.The ConsequenceBBMP will now focus on servicing Rs 4,000 crore of loans and paying pending vendor bills possibly exceeding Rs 2,000 crore, by itself a Herculean task, more than it would on improving the Quality of Life of Bangaloreans. The pressing urgency to fix potholes,clean polluted lakes and clear storm water drains will therefore be sacrificed at the altar of burdensome debt. It would be reasonable to surmise that it would take BBMP at least 2-3 years before it can get back to business as usual.The CureIn the new economy, loans are tools of leverage used prudently by borrowers who have the propensity to repay, to scale new heights in their realms of activity. It is suicidal for the financially weak to borrow without having sight of future sources of earnings from which they can service such borrowings. BBMP needs a strong balance sheet built on robust own sources of revenues and held together by prudent financial management. It needs to begin by collecting all amounts due to it as taxes, fee and fines and also explore avenues to shore them up further. This involves extensive stakeholder engagement and imaginative leadership. More reason why BBMP needs to act swiftly. The irony is that citizens neither know how much BBMP owes nor its true financial position. Hopefully, BBMP knows.Some LessonsProduce annual audited balance sheet, income statement and cash flowsManage balance sheet and cash flows across medium and long-termBuild capacities for strategic financial management to shore up own revenues, manage debt and long term capital expenditureThe writer is manager, Public Record Of Operations and Finance ( PROOF ), the public disclosure and accountability initiative of Janaagraha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13142582", "title": "Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad leader booked for sending obscene SMS", "text": "BHOPAL: An Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) leader has been booked for cyber-crime for allegedly sending obscene SMS to a woman yoga trainer at Multai in Betul district of Madhya Pradesh.A case has been registered against local ABVP leader Sunny Rathore following a complaint from a woman yoga trainer that he was regularly texting obscene messages to her, police said. Initially, the local police station in-charge Choudhary Madanmohan spoke to the ABVP leader on his mobile phone about the complaint, but the student union leader misbehaved with the police officer, police said.Subsequently, the police registered a case against Rathore under the Section 507 of the IPC for criminal intimidation by anonymous communication and under 66 A and 67 A of the Information technology Amendment Act (ITAA) for sending of offensive messages and sexually explicit content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13146077", "title": "India back in the reckoning at Cannes", "text": "American cinema is back here in force, declared Cannes Festival head Thierry Fremaux announcing that, among the 22 films competing for the Palme d'Or this year, six are US-based movies.The same could be said of three Indian films that will feature in other main sections of this 65th Festival de Cannes. Each presents a particular take on a crucial but unexplored aspect of emerging India.India, has been a No Show in Cannes for many a year, a 7-year lacuna filled by Vikramaditya Motwane's Udaan in 2010 and last year by Chatrak, directed by Sri Lankan Vimukthi Jayasundara. However, 2012 has broken the jinx.Quoting Thierry again, \"The focus this year will be on a fresh generation of adventurous filmmakers.\" So true of the 2012 crop of Indian films in Cannes. Two are debut works. One is by enfant terrible, Ashim Ahluwalia, with his debut feature Miss Lovely in the Un Certain Regard section, rated second in importance to the main Competition.Vasan Bala, arrives with his debut film Peddlers in Critics Week. This section selects seven feature films, each a first or second film that can vie for the Camera d'Or award ( Peddlers and Miss Lovely are eligible). The third, the man with a magic wand on India's new wave cinema, Anurag Kashyap, presents his two-part epic Gangs of Wasseypur in Directors' Fortnight. That's not all. Uday Shankar's great Kalpana (1948) plays in Cannes Classic, the world premiere of its pristine restored version.Interestingly, the face of the Festival in its publicity is Marilyn Monroe , a tribute to her on her 50th death anniversary. She astonishingly, never graced the Cannes red carpet.Star forecast at Cannes 2012Continuing its amazing balancing act between haute cinema and glitz, Cannes will roll out its famed red carpet to Hollywood star power with the likes of Nicole Kidman , Marion Cotillard , Jessica Chastain , Kylie Minogue , Kristen Stewart , Robert Pattinson and Brad Pitt . And this is just for starters...From India, Aishwarya Rai will grace the Cannes red carpet for the 10th time, demure in billowing Indian wear to suit recent motherhood. She will dine at the AMFAR fund-raiser (American Foundation for Aids Research), as will Mallika Sherawat , now a regular at Cannes. She will be seen glittering in designer diamonds and dresses by famous couturiers. Arjun Rampal and his lady will be in Cannes too.For those, curious to see leading lady Niharika Singh of Ashim Ahluwalia's Miss Lovely, there will be a long wait. The Indian films are screening towards the latter half of the festival because they are being finished at studios in Europe currently.Also, this year, the India Pavilion has become quite the meeting place in Cannes. Its programmes, an impressive daily line-up, have been mailed out to all. So has the invitation to its Incredible India reception, rated last year by Cannes dailies as one of most funfilled events at the partymanic festival. This year singer Jasbir Jassi will sing and the performance will have a Sufi flavour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13141968", "title": "International award for city med practitioner", "text": "NASHIK: Dr Sona Pawar has won the international Congress prize for her paper on 'Maternal Mortality-Retrospective Analysis over a period of five years'.Dr Pawar ( MBBS, DGO, DFP ) presented a paper on \"Maternal Mortality- Retrospective Analysis over a period of Five years\" during the Federation of Obstetrics and Gynaecology Society of India (FOGSI) and International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) workshop on 'Women's Health' and International Congress on 'Recent Adva-nces in Obstetrics and Gynaecology' recently in Mumbai.The paper presented got the best paper prize. She is studying DNB Gynaecology at Mumbai. TNNShe is daughter of Mr Ramesh Pawar, President Nashik District Industries and Exporters' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13141948", "title": "Central govt's move increases fund for Sardar Sarovar Project", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: A high-level committee of Government of India's (GoI's) finance ministry has cleared a proposal that would enable the Gujarat government to receive nearly 90 per cent of all funds over the new five-year plan, 2012-17, for completing the unfinished task of building canal network of the Sardar Sarovar Project (SSP). Well-placed Sachivalaya sources said, the proposal, made on the basis of a plea from Gujarat, would mean all desert zones of India would be treated as drought prone.\"The committee met last week under the chairmanship of the Union finance secretary (expenditure), which include a member of the planning commission, a senior official of the Union water resource ministry, among others\", a senior government official told TOI, adding, \"The proposal has been sent to the planning commission to be forwarded to the Union cabinet for final clearance. On being cleared, it is not just Gujarat but also other states, most notably Rajasthan, would benefit.\"Officials of the state Narmada department have calculated that, once the Union cabinet clears the proposal, the state government will get Rs 7,219 crore from the GoI for creating the pending canal network as against around Rs 4,600 it expected previously. \"We have worked out a proposal for submission to the Union water resources department to sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for Rs 7,219 crore. We expect the MoU to be signed in about a couple of months\", the official said.The proposal says that the amount is required to build a network of canals to irrigate about 8,500 hectares (ha) in Kutch, North Gujarat and Saurashtra, which is about 47 per cent of the total Narmada command area. Though the entire area falls under the \"desert zone\" category, it would now be treated as drought-prone. Under GoI rules, a desert zone is entitled to get 25 per cent of Central aid for irrigation, while a drought-prone area is entitled to get 90 per cent of Central funds.\"Once received, it would reduce by half the total funds required by the state government to complete the SSP,\" the official said.At 2008-09 prices, the total project cost of the SSP has been placed at Rs 39,240 crore. Of this, the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) has spent Rs 23,535 crore (As on March 31, 2012). As for the remaining works, the SSNNL requires Rs 15,805 crore, out of which it expects to get nearly half (Rs 7,219 crore) from the GoI.\"Currently, works worth Rs 7,000 crore are under progress, which include branch canals, distributaries and minor canals. Work for building sub-minor field channels to take Narmada waters right up to the farms has still not begun, for which Central funds would be particularly useful. \"This year alone, we expect the GoI to provide Rs 1,000 crore under AIBP for the canal networking, even as the state finance department has sanctioned Rs 700 crore for the first quarter of 2012-13\", the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13144474", "title": "Chains worth Rs 2.3Lakh snatched", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified persons snatched gold chains worth Rs 2.3 lakh in separate incidents in the city during the last three days. The incidents took place at Kharadi, Baner, Chatushrungi and in Kothrud.On Monday, around 7.30 am, Aarti Hanumant Sathe (27) of Kothrud was on her way towards the Mhatoba temple. A person on a motorcycle, who was following her, snatched her gold chain worth Rs 50,000 and fled. Sathe told the Kothrud police that the suspect was around 25 years old.On Sunday, Snehal Kiran Mohite (21) of Baner was walking on Baner road, around 1.30 pm. Two persons on a motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 60,000 and fled.Just over two hours later, Sheetal Chaudhari of Kasba Peth and her mother Surekha Shelke (53) were walking near the Chatushrungi temple. Two suspects on a motorcycle were following them. They snatched Shelke's gold chain worth Rs 60,000 and fled. Inspector Subhash Nikam of the Chatushrungi police station is investigating both cases.Around 8 pm on Saturday, 59-year-old Laurena Pinto from Kharadi fell prey to motorcycle-borne chain snatchers. The suspects snatched a gold chain worth Rs 60,000 from Pinto, who was walking with her sister. Inspector S S Shinde of the Yerawada police station is investigating .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13143248", "title": "Fire engulfs furniture market", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A major fire broke out in the busy furniture market on Monday night. At least a dozen fire extinguishers were pressed into service. Fire officials said over 30 shops were engulfed in flames and they had difficulty in entering narrow lanes of the market on the sectors 53-54 dividing road.\"Besides Chandigarh fire department, fire extinguishers were called from Mohali. It (fire) seems to have started after electric short-circuit. There is a lot of combustible material that is making our work difficult,\" said a fire department official. Preliminary reports suggested the fire may have erupted from shop no. 66. \"Two persons have sustained minor burns,\" he added.The shop owners said they have suffered losses worth crores of rupees.MC joint commissioner and chief fire officer Rajiv Gupta said, \"We have disconnected the power supply of the area.\" Fire was still blazing at the time of filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13144520", "title": "Anuj back in Mumbai, seeks cop cover", "text": "MUMBAI: Small-time actor Anuj Tikku has returned to Mumbai after being summoned by the police for questioning in his father Arun Tikku's murder case. Anuj, who has lodged a complaint for the missing documents of his property, has also sough police protection during his stay in the city.Anuj seems to have seen through his \"friends\" Vijay Palande and Simran Sood who had reportedly conspired to kill him and grab his property. \"They wanted to kill me but my father came in their way,\" Anuj told TOI. He has lodged the complaint, fearing that Palande might have forged his signature on fake property documents and transferred the house to his name.The police on Saturday also recorded the statement of Anuj who confirmed that the handwriting on the suicide note-the note was found in the locker of murder accused Vijay Palande-appeared to be his and the signature too, resembled that of his, but he did not remember writing the letter or signing it. Palande told the police that he hatched the plot of first killing Arun Tikku and then Anuj, after the latter, under the influence of alcohol, told him about his father's property worth crores of rupees. Anuj reportedly told Palande that his father had prepared a will in which he had mentioned that after his death, all his properties would be given to Anuj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13144460", "title": "Teachers' boycott hits paper evaluation at University of Pune", "text": "PUNE: Despite the University of Pune (UoP) serving notices on the striking teachers, the boycott of evaluation of answer sheets by the Pune University Teachers Association (Puta) and the Pune University College Teachers' Organisation (Pucto) continued on Monday. UoP officials said that the boycott has hampered the central assessment programme.Both Puta and Pucto said that if the government failed to initiate urgent steps to resolve the issue, it could further delay the examination results of some faculties.\"The central assessment programme (CAP) is not going in full strength as teachers are away from the work. The assessment of under-graduate faculties like commerce, arts and science is hampered. Very less teachers have reported for CAP so far,\" UoP acting vice-chancellor Sanjay Chahande told TOI.Chahande added, \"We are hopeful that the boycott will be withdrawn soon. Once the teachers report for duty, we will initiate steps to speed up the assessment work. Assessment could be taken up in two shifts also. Additional teachers would be deployed to complete the work at the earliest.\"According to Chahande, as per the instructions of the state government, notices were being served on the teachers, asking them to report for duty. Further action against the striking teachers will be planned soon, he added.C M Chitale, acting controller of examination at UoP, said that evaluation of answer sheets was a huge task. \"At present, evaluation work is underway for many faculties. Except for arts, science and commerce, the work is going on as per schedule. The boycott has affected the CAP for under-graduate faculties. It is difficult to exactly quantify how much work was affected,\" he said.The boycott will continue till we receive some concrete communication from the government, said Hema More of the Puta. \"Though the UoP has started the CAP for some faculties, teachers have not reported on duty. The results of faculties like commerce and arts could be delayed if teachers continue to boycott assessment work.\"\"We are awaiting the response from the state government. We are expecting a breakthrough in a couple of days,\" More added.According to S P Lawande of Pucto, \"Teachers have received letters from the UoP, asking them to report for duty. I have received more than 100 calls from members of our federations, stating that they received letter from the UoP. We are expecting a written assurance from the government on various issues pending for many days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141081", "title": "IPL spot-fixing: After TV sting, BCCI says it won't tolerate corruption", "text": "NEW DELHI: Spot-fixing and underhand financial dealings seem to be rampant in the world's richest, glitziest T20 competition, the Indian Premier League, if a sting operation by India TV is to be believed.The TV channel showed five domestic-level players, representing various IPL franchises, apparently succumbing to the lure of fixing. It showed these players discussing the alleged involvement of IPL captains and even team owners in such activities and engaging in lengthy haggling over the price of bowling a no-ball on demand in the IPL.The players were also seen discussing deals in which IPL owners allegedly pay players sums \"in black\" well beyond the slabs prescribed by the league.The accuracy of the channel's claims or the statements attributed to the players could not be independently verified by TOI.A TV sting operation involving IPL players shown discussing \"spot-fixing and underhand payments to players from franchisees\" drew a sharp reaction from the Indian cricket board (BCCI).The BCCI - whose president N Srinivasan is the owner of an IPL team - was quick to react, saying it \"would not tolerate any violations of regulation or any act of corruption\" and that the \"complete footage\" of the sting op would be sought.\"The (IPL) General Council will meet on an emergent basis to review the footage and take appropriate strict action,\" the BCCI said. It is learnt that the BCCI was contemplating meeting as early as Tuesday.The five players caught on camera include Team Hyderabad pacer T Sudhindra, formerly of the rebel ICL, who is shown confessing to having bowled a no-ball in a domestic game at the TV channel's insistence and boasting that spot-fixing could be done at any level of Indian cricket, including IPL.Spot-fixing is common but the rates differ according to the standard of the game, the player apparently insisted. Sudhindra was also shown as saying that franchisees were gifting players cars and flats since the IPL had capped remunerations for first-class players.Team Punjab's left-arm pacer Shalabh Shrivastava is another former ICL player apparently caught on camera. He apparently said that franchisees, hampered by the Rs 30 lakh cap on domestic players, were paying some players an additional Rs 70 lakh in black money.He is also seen demanding Rs 10 lakh per no-ball for the IPL and claiming women were being used to befriend players before cajoling them into fixing games. Shrivastava added that \"two or three\" out of 10 players were vulnerable and that \"everyone got offers\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13143280", "title": "Government medical colleges put in quality show", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It seems passing out from a self-financing medical or dental college in the state is a tougher task than getting a seat. Final year results of MBBS, BDS and BAMS courses published by the Kerala University of Health Sciences have raised a question mark on the quality of medical education provided by self-financing colleges in the state as most of them fared poorly compared to their counterparts in the government sector.Out of the 21 medical colleges registered under the medical university, the five government-run colleges have recorded above 90% pass. The government medical college at Thrissur recorded the best result in the last academic year with 98.66%.It is followed by the Kozhikode medical college with 95.98%, Thiruvananthapuram with 95%, Alappuzha with 93.29% and Kottayam with 91.39%. Of the 848 students who appeared for exams in government medical colleges, 805 cleared them.Only two private colleges could achieve a pass percentage of above 90% - Jubilee Mission medical college, Thrissur, and Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church medical college, Kolencherry. Four private colleges recorded above 80% pass. \"I am surprised that some private colleges could not score even above 70%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13143438", "title": "Collector says he will act on petitions against Nithyananda's removal", "text": "MADURAI: Continuing the war against the anointment of self-styled godman Nithyananda as the pontiff of ancient Saivite mutt, the \" Madurai Adheenam Retrieval Committee\" has submitted a memorandum to the Madurai collector on Monday demanding the state government to take over the mutt administration.Collector U Sagayam said that he had received similar petitions in this regard and that he would forward them to the state government and act accordingly. The committee comprising various other Saivite mutts in Tamil Nadu, religious outfits and scholars has taken a series of initiatives demanding the removal of Nithyananda. Besides organising a conference to mobilise public support, the committee has knocked the doors of the high court bench here and submitted a memorandum to the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowment (HR&CE;) department.K A Muruganji, founder president of Bharathiya Forward Bloc, one of the members of the retrieval committee, said in the petition to the collector that there was a threat to the properties of Madurai adheenam gifted for centuries by various people, including kings. \"There are criminal cases pending against Nithyananda in Tamil Nadu as well as Karnataka. The state government through the HR and CE department should announce as null and void the anointment of Nithyananda as the successor of the mutt,\" Muruganji urged.Besides, he also wanted the senior pontiff Arunangirinatha Desikar to be removed. \"The state government should take over the administration of the mutt,\" he urged. He also warned that on June 5 - the guru pooja day of saint Thirugnanasambandar who founded the mutt - the retrieval committee members would lay siege to the adheenam premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13142207", "title": "Rayudu combines with Pollard to ruin Bangalore's day", "text": "BANGALORE: Ambati Rayudu sizzled in adversity with a blazing unbeaten 81 (off 54 balls) and Kieron Pollard slammed a superb 52 not out as Mumbai snatched a thrilling five-wicket victory over Bangalore at the M Chinnaswamy stadium on Monday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | In PicsMumbai, in their chase of 172, were at the receiving end for most part of the game. They suffered early jolts when Bangalore pacer Zaheer Khan removed Sachin Tendulkar for a duck while Herschelle Gibbs ran himself out with the score reading just four. There was more embarrassment in store for the visitors when their last-match centurion Rohit Sharma (5) was dismissed by Vinay Kumar.The game seemed headed Bangalore's way when off-spinner Muttiah Muralitharan struck in his very first over to send back Dinesh Karthik (16) to reduce Mumbai to 44 for four.It was then that Rayudu and Pollard launched a sensational counter-attack, adding 122 runs off 65 deliveries to silence the home crowd and claim victory with two balls to spare. With 14 required from the final over, Pollard smashed fellow West Indian Chris Gayle for a six and two successive boundaries to finish the job in style.Bangalore are on 15 points while Mumbai have leapt to 18 points. The match was delayed by 50 minutes following a sharp downpour.It also came to a grinding halt during Mumbai's run chase, play being suspended for eight minutes when one of the four floodlight towers stopped working due to generator failure. But in between came the fireworks that more than made up for the delays.Bangalore found their hero in Mayank Agarwal, who scored a quickfire, unbeaten 30-ball 64 as the hosts overcame a miserable start to post 171/6.Agarwal, who stepped in with the team score on 87/4, treated the full house to some lusty hitting, slamming six fours and four sixes as Bangalore pushed their cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143069", "title": "Won\u2019t depose till CBI clears dues: Scribe", "text": "NEW DELHI: A journalist, involved in a sting operation exposing corruption into a fictitious arms deal, on Monday refused to testify before a trial court as a CBI witness on the grounds that the agency has not reimbursed his travel and other daily expenses.Mathew Samuel, who conducted the sting on former BJP President Bangaru Laxman and then Samata Party chief Jaya Jaitly and other government officials, said he would not depose in the case unless paid Rs 10,000 per day. Mathew holds the key to the prosecution's case against Hem Chand Pant and Narender Singh, erstwhile civilian officers in the defence ministry.He appeared before the court on Monday after a bailable warrant was issued against him on an earlier date and said \"it (the demand) has a history\".\"In the case against Bangaru Laxman and others, the CBI called me for 25 days. They said they will pay the air fare. I have a history. They have not paid even the Rs 200 daily expense,\" Mathew told the Special CBI Judge Manoj Jain.The judge said even though he felt that the \"system does not pay adequate amount\" to witnesses but the court is bound by law and cannot grant the expenses sought by him.The CBI sought time from the court to consider the demand and the matter is posted for July 12 for recording of Mathew's statement. \"It is expected that prosecution will be able to iron out all the issues related to reimbursement with the help of senior officials of the CBI,\" the court said.The court, however, expressed displeasure on the manner in which Mathews had refused to depose after which the scribe tendered \"unconditional apology\" for the same. \"To say point blank that I will not depose is not the way. You could have done it in a better way. I don't say you are unjustified. It is justified but I am bound (by law),\" the judge said.\"You hold the key to the prosecutions case. The fate of this case depends upon you and if you say I will not depose it will be over. Do you want it to happen?\" he asked.\"I am sorry for this. Unconditional apologies,\" Mathew said in response, adding \"I have met senior officers of the CBI, ministry and legal luminaries also. They say the special CBI court has the power\".The court said Mathews could bring to the court's notice any such provision of law, if it exists.The Delhi High Court also reduced the surety amount to be deposited by Jaitly, facing trial in the case, to visit abroad from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 25,000. Allowing her plea for reduction of the surety amount, Justice Mukta Gupta observed that on earlier occasions she had travelled abroad by depositing surety amount of Rs 25,000, hence there is no need to hike it.The case of bribe against Jaitly and three others was lodged on the basis of a sting 'Operation Westend,' conducted by a news portal in 2001, exposing alleged corruption in defence deals. George Fernandes , founder of Samata party, was the then defence minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142305", "title": "Murder of SUCI worker leads to clash, blamegame on", "text": "KOLKATA: Activists of SUCI have allegedly ransacked the houses of some CPM workers and set 25 of those on fire after a supporter of the former was reportedly hacked and shot near Joynagar on Monday.Following the murder of a SUCI activist at Joynagar in South 24 Paraganas, party activists stormed two villages where they allegedly ransacked and burnt down 25 houses belonging to rival CPM supporters on Monday.Trouble broke out when Saukat Khan, a 52-year-old cloth merchant, was on his way to home near a Joynagar village. was hacked and shot near Jaynagar when he was on his way to his village on Monday morning.Police said after getting down at the station, Khan took an auto for home. In the mid way, a gang of armed assailants blocked the road, dragged Khan out of the vehicle and hacked him. They also shot him to make sure that he was dead.District police superintendent Praveen Kumar Tripathy rushed to the spot with a huge force to bring the situation under control. SUCI activists and leaders said that CPM supporters and workers, including a panchayat member, was behind the incident. As soon as the news spread, hundreds of SUCI activists marched towards Taranagar Paschim and Rupnagar villages where the CPM men reportedly live. There crowd was armed with lethal weapons and soon outnumbered the villagers.After they ransacked and burned 25 houses, the violence turned into a political clash with the CPM supporters also deciding to retaliate. A huge combat force reached the villages in the evening and somehow managed tobrought the situation under control. Police pickets have been put up in the areas to check further unrest.Following intervention by senior police officers, the victim's family finally lodged a complaint against 18 persons, including Ahad Gazi, a CPM panchayat member of the area. All the accused are absconding andCops have initiated a search for the accused.Former CPM MP and the party's South 24 Parganas district secretary, Sujan Chakraborty, however, rubbished the allegation by the SUCI leadership. \"The CPM is not strong in the place where the incident took place. Our supporters are not active there. It's a ploy by SUCI people to malign us before the panchayat polls,\" said Chakraborty. Joy Krishna Haldar, former SUCI MLA, said: \"The victim and his family members are our supporters. CPM men and leadersare behind the murder.\" SP Tripathy, however, did not confirm any political link. \"We are still probing,\" said Tripathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13144015", "title": "Home sales show 9% dip in a year till March", "text": "MUMBAI: Home sales in the city have dipped over the past year , with the residential marketshowing a negative growthof 9.1% from March 2011 till March 2012.This was revealed in the latest survey of the Knight Frank Prime Global Cities Index , which compares the performance of prime sales markets in key global cities. Going by the survey , the value of prime properties in world's key cities fell by 0.4%in thefirst quarter of 2012. This represents the index's first quarterly fall since the depths of the global recession . Overall , the index rose by 1.4% in the past year ,till March 2012.Explaining the reason behind the slide in residential building sales , Knight Frank said numerous repo-rate revisions by the Reserve Bank of India , which led to the upward revision of mortgage rates , inflationary pressures , affordability and high prices , coupled with regulatory pressures , impactedend-users .\"Some parameters like affordability can help improve sentiments with one more interest rate-cut . But low customer confidence , which is an important factor for sales to pick up , remains the primary concern . Buyers are worried about the uncertain economic scene . Earlier ,therewas a guaranteeof recovering EMIs with three salary raises . Now, bad salary hikes and uncertainty of even retaining a job have deflated customers' confidence and that has lowered the sales rate ,\" said Knight Frank national director (research )AnandN arayan.Echoing him ,chairman and managing director of CBRE, South Asia Anshuman Magazine said while the realty market witnessed buoyancy in 2011, rising prices and prevailing economic conditions led to a drop in sales . \"This caused a supply pile-up in thekey marketsof National Capital Region , Mumbai andB angalore andthatkeptthe capital values flat across various micro-markets in the three hubs. While the rate-cut by RBI has helped generate positive sentiments in the market , demands may be muted ,\" hesaid .According to real estate services firm , CBRE, oversupply in Mumbai pertains largely to underconstruction flats launched in the past two years , mainly in Lower Parel , Mahalaxmi , Worli andNepean Sea Road . \"Buyers arewaiting for a fall in rates and not closing any deal . The simple reason is that prices in the Indiabulls project in Lower Parel andKR aheja project in Mahalaxmi have risen by almost 40%,\" an official of CBREsaid .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143376", "title": "Three flee with vehicle they had hired", "text": "JAIPUR: Three unidentified robbers fled with a vehicle that they had hired from Jaipur to Ringus after pushing the driver out of the vehicle. The driver was overpowered by the robbers and thrown out of the vehicle at Govindgarh town in Sikar district.The incident took place on Monday and the victim, Sanjay, had to come back to Jaipur by bus. He lodged a case at the Jhotwara police station. Initially, the victim claimed that the three men showed him a gun and asked him to get out of the vehicle after reaching Govindgarh town, police said that he changed his statement and later said that the three thrashed him and threw him out of the vehicle.Police suspect that the driver may be in connivance with the three who took away the vehicle. \"Sanjay works as a driver for a manager of a private company who had come to Jaipur on a business trip. After leaving the manager at a 5-star hotel, Sanjay thought of using the vehicle as a taxi and invited three passengers who were going to Ringus. When they reached Govindgarh Sanjay was overpowered by the unidentified robbers who fled with the vehicle,\" said Chain Singh, station house officer, Jhotwara police station.Asked if the robbers had looted the vehicle at gunpoint, Singh said, \"He was scared after the incident as he was wrongfully using the vehicle as a taxi to earn extra money. Thus he concocted a story to get sympathy from the travel agency. He admitted that he was not shown any weapon but was thrashed.\"A case of loot has been registered against unidentified persons and efforts are on to recover the vehicle and nab the assailants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13144024", "title": "Biker falls off flyover, dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 30-year-old biker was killed when he fell off a flyover in Geeta Colony late on Sunday. The man was identified as one Manoj Kumar, a resident of Ambedkar Vihar in Karawal Nagar. Police said Kumar was under the influence of alcohol.Eyewitnesses said Kumar was speeding down the road towards Rajghat. He had to negotiate a sharp turn on the flyover ; but due to the high speed of the vehicle, Kumar lost control and rammed into the railing. The bike tossed in the air and fell 40 feet below. A passerby informed the cops and a PCR van soon arrived.Kumar was rushed to to GTB Hospital where he was declared brought dead. Heworked in a company in Badarpur and was living in a rented accommodation with family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jalandhar/kurukshetra/lucknow", "code": "13143646", "title": "Dumped on streets months ago, potatoes hard to afford now", "text": "JALANDHAR/KURUKSHETRA/LUCKNOW: The government may be pressing the panic buttons due to spiralling food prices, but it failed to read the writing on the wall five months ago when thousands of farmers across Haryana, Punjab and UP set ablaze hundreds of tonnes of potatoes on the streets to protest low prices and mounting losses due to a glut.Now, prices have shot up by nearly 50%.In December, angry farmers torched potato sacks on the streets of Jalandhar and Chandigarh and tonnes of vegetables lay charred or crushed under wheels of speeding vehicles on the highways. Farmers had claimed they were unable to even recover input costs for the last three years.\"A large part of the crop was destroyed by farmers as profit margins disappeared and losses loomed. Those who had stacked potatoes are reaping benefits now.\" said Vijay Mehta, general secretary, Bhartiya Kisan Union. Mehta had led the protests in the cramped Sahabad grain market near Kurukshetra and set potato sacks ablaze. There were no takers then. \"Traders had no arrangements to store the raw crop, nor did they want to take the risk. Tonnes of potatoes went up in smoke and now the prices are spiraling,\" said Pawan Aggarwal, a potato supplier in Pipli grain market.Experts say rising fertilizer prices is also a dampener. Fearing losses, not many farmers sowed the crop this year. \"There's a 35% fall in potato production. In Punjab, off-season rain also played spoilsport, said Jaswinder Singh Sangha, general secretary of Jalandhar Potato Growers Association.Growers did not get remunerative price in the last three years. \"So they preferred to invest less on fertilizers and production fell. Of all vegetables, potato requires most fertilizer, said Jang Bahadur, secretary general of Confederation of Potato Seed Farmers.In UP and West Bengal, which collectively contribute 70% of the national produce, there was 20% fall in produce due to less use of fertilizers. In Punjab, the January rain spoiled the crop by 35%.Middlemen are also playing a role in jacking up prices. Farmers are selling the produce at Rs 9-10 per kg which includes storage costs. \"But consumers are getting it for Rs 20 per kg. Middlemen are making maximum profit, not the grower,\" said Jang Bahadur.Babu Mohd Atiq, president of Fruits and Sellers Association, Lucknow, said there was a potato glut in the state last year. \"This year, not many farmers sowed the crop. Also, potatoes are being exported to states like Bengal and Bihar, leading to shortage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13145664", "title": "3 killed in accident near Kapurhol", "text": "PUNE: Three persons died on the spot and six sustained severe injuries after a speeding truck dashed into a stationary private luxury bus at Kapurhol on Pune-Satara highway, around 40 km from the city. The incident took place around 5 am on Monday.The Rajgad police said the deceased were Sudhakar Patil (45) of Kolhapur, Pandurang Shinde (40) of Mumbai and Nijamuddin Pathan (20) of Uttar Pradesh.Anjali Oval (17) and her mother Rekha (36), both from Sangli, Sumit Dagle (25) of Mumbai, Pruthviraj Sutar (18) of Kolhapur, Sachin Yadav (32) of Mumbai and Puja Kamble (16) of Sangli were injured in the accident. They are undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Pune.Inspector Sanjay Bothe said that the bus was travelling from Mumbai towards Satara. It halted near Kapurhol due to some technical problem. \"Shinde, the driver, was checking the bus. Some passengers, including Patil, got down and were standing near the bus,\" he said.A speeding truck, which was also heading towards Satara, dashed the bus from behind. Shinde, Patil and Pathan - the truck's cleaner - died on the spot, Bothe said. The truck driver left the vehicle at the spot and fled. \"We have registered a case against him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143121", "title": "Hyderabad awaits chief minister's stand on police chief", "text": "HYDERABAD: Suspense is building over who the kotwal of Hyderabad will be with chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy yet to make up his mind whether to bring back AK Khan, give permanent charge to police commissioner in-charge Anurag Sharma or appoint a dark horse altogether. Which of the three happens is likely to be known by Wednesday, sources told TOI.Khan, who was away on a month-long mid-career training trip , is yet to take charge after returning to the city on Friday. Top police sources revealed that Khan was told to extend his leave to enable the CM to make up his mind on the key posting.Those in the reckoning include Lokendra Sharma, AP Transco's additional MD (vigilance and security), CID additional DG SV Ramana Murthy, SPG IG Sundeep Lakhtakia and AP Police Academy director N Sambasiva Rao.The matter has been held up as DGP V Dinesh Reddy, too, was overseas on a vacation. The DGP had to rush to Nellore on Monday after returning to the city on Saturday for a review meeting ahead of the bypolls. \"The chief minister, too, is busy with the bypoll campaign; but the decision on the Hyderabad police chief is likely to be taken by Wednesday,\" sources said.If Khan is relieved of the job, the possible openings for him include that of vice-chairman and MD of APSRTC or chief of the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB). Sources said that Khan is not averse to these postings but, for that to happen, either of incumbents B Prasada Rao or D Bhoobathi Babu will have to vacate his chair.Alternatively, Khan can be considered for the post of additional DG of prisons, a post that has been lying vacant since the superannuation of CN Gopinatha Reddy. According to sources, however, this posting may not be to Khan's liking.Sources said the decision on the new city police chief has to be taken at the earliest.\"The festival season, as far as Hyderabad is concerned, follows on the heels of the bypolls and will last till January next year. Therefore, it is imperative that a permanent police chief is in place as soon as possible,\" a source added.Those in the reckoning - should Khan be removed from his post - include Lokendra Sharma, an AP Transco additional MD, CID additional DG SV Ramana Murthy, SPG IG Sundeep Lakhtakia and AP Police Academy director N Sambasiva Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13142095", "title": "NMC Standing Committee chairman proposes LBT to CM", "text": "NASHIK: The Chairman of the Nashik Municipal Corporation's Standing Committee, Uddhav Nimse, has proposed that Local Body Tax be introduced in lieu of octroi.On the backdrop of the opposition by the industrialists against octroi and the apprehension over the NMC being able to achieve the target collection of Rs 603 crores, the chairman of the standing committee, Uddhav Nimse, met the chief minister on Saturday and advocated the introduction of the LBT.\"The Congress had party level discussion about octroi and that if municipal corporations introduce LBT, businessmen will not have to wait for long hours in the queue. Just like sales tax and income tax returns, LBT can be paid online. The goods purchased can be shown online and the payments can also be made online,\" said Nimse.When asked about the sudden change in the decision particularly when the NMC was directed to collect octroi by the general body and it was gearing to do so from May 19, he said that companies like MICO and Mahindra and Mahindra that paid through cheques did not complain about octroi but a handful of other traders did. \"There is no issue if the complete information about goods is given and the corresponding amount for octroi is paid. But this does not happen. Octroi is not paid for unbilled goods. With LBT, these things can be avoided. NMC can generate Rs 600-700 crores,\" he stated.He pointed out at the loopholes if NMC collected octroi saying that over 100 fake octroi receipts were prepared by the NMC employees two and a half year back and that the case was still going on. \"Many are feeling that NMC will not be able to complete the target collection of octroi. LBT will also save NMC's expenses like payment of staff and outsourcing. But Congress is not majority party in the NMC so will discuss the option of LBT with all the parties and then meet the chief minister again.\"Nimse informed that it may be possible to introduce LBT before May 19 but if this does not happen, in the near future also this would be a welcome decision.On Saturday, revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat, MLA Manik Kokate, MPCC president Manikrao Thakre and Uddhav Nimse met Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan with many issues including the proposal for replacing octroi with LBT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141660", "title": "Hauz Khas robbery: Broker's ex-driver, 3 others held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Making headway in last week's Hauz Khas robbery, in which the car of an IT broker and restaurateur was looted, cops have arrested four people, including the broker's former driver. Two of the accused were detained on Saturday.The accused have been identified as Dipak Paliwal, the driver, Nirbhay Thakur, Shekhar and Devraj. While Nirbhay and Shekhar are residents of Pitampura, the other two stay in Shalimar Bagh. \"So far, we have recovered Rs 30 lakh in cash. The remaining sum of Rs 40 lakh has been traced. A scorpio which the accused bought with the looted money has also been recovered along with the broker's Chevrolet car,\" said a police official.However, top officers at the police headquarters said two of the other accused, including Babu Yadav, who threatened the broker's accountant at gunpoint on the Panchsheel flyover, are yet to be nabbed. Cops expect more arrests in the next two days, claimed sources.Cops said they are now scrutinizing Paliwal's role. \"We have information that he often visited Lajpat Nagar when he was the broker's driver. He believed the money being carried by the accountant had come through hawala channels and assumed that the incident would not be reported to police. He was involved in a similar robbery at Lajpat Nagar one-and-a-half years ago. We are investigating if the gang targeted others in the area,\" said an officer.The plan, said sources, was hatched at the instance of Paliwal. \"He knew that promoter Shekhar was facing losses in his business and hence decided to rope him in. Nirbhay was arrested last year for murdering a panchayat pradhan at Muradnagar,\" said the source.The robbery occurred in the Hauz Khas area of south district around 5.30pm on Thursday. Though police sources maintained Rs 2.48 crore was looted, the sum didn't find a mention in the FIR. Sources in the special cell said the arrest had been made on the basis of CCTV footage from the BRT corridor and a tip-off.Preliminary investigations show that the broker's accountant Sukanto Roy was trailed from Lajpat Nagar in Shekhar's Corolla. The driver knew the route the accountant would take.The moment they reached Panchsheel Enclave the accused stuck taking cue from the sparse traffic in the area.the Hauz Khas robbery in which a car of a leading IT broker and restaurateur was looted three days ago. Two persons, including a former driver of the IT broker, have been detained, a police source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143512", "title": "Minor scuffle in Sawai Man Singh emergency ward", "text": "JAIPUR: The Sawai Man Singh (SMS) emergency ward witnessed unruly scenes when a patient's attendant got involved in a minor scuffle with the doctors and the trolley man on Monday.The doctors had to call the police but no FIR was registered in the matter. Emergency in charge Dr GD Maheshwari said, \"The patient's attendant tried to hit doctors and the trolley man. But, the situation was taken under control when the police was called.\"Moreover, SMS hospital superintendent Dr LC Sharma also rushed to the spot. Within a few minutes, guards, emergency staff and doctors gathered at the emergency ward.The doctors demanded that posters and banners should be put up in the hospitals informing everyone that scuffle with a doctor is a non-bailable offence. A doctor said that in this case they do not want to register a case against the person as they claimed that it was a minor incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142583", "title": "3 girls rescued from brothel missing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three girls rescued from a G B Road brothel have allegedly escaped from Bapnu Ghar on Tilak Marg in New Delhi district.A CWC court in Mayur Vihar has ordered the New Delhi district police to rescue these children and produce them as quickly as possible in front of it. According to sources, on May 11, a team from Shakti Vahini, along with a police team from West Bengal, searched the brothel to rescue a girl.\"The girl was not found but four others were rescued from the brothel. The girls were traumatized,\" said a police officer.They were provided temporary shelter at Bapnu Ghar following a CWC order. However, a day later, three of them allegedly ran away from the shelter home. The fourth girl was produced before CWC, Mayur Vihar, on May 14, and has been shifted to Nirmal Chaya, said a police officer.\"The CWC has ordered filing of an FIR against the traffickers. The committee also directed the SHO of Tilak Marg police station to make efforts to trace the girls by conducting raids in the brothel,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143967", "title": "Vegetables prices go through roof at Koyambedu market", "text": "CHENNAI: Poor cultivation has affected the prices of a few vegetables which hit an all time high on Monday.R Soundarajan, market advisor to the wholesaler's association in Koyambedu said the prices were rising as several farmers were selling their lands to large builders, as the real estate prices were soaring.He said beans, carrot, broad beans and chow chow were the among the vegetables whose prices had increased. Beans which a month ago cost 15 a kg now cost 45 a kg while carrot which was 15/kg was now 35/ kg. Broad beans which cost 16/ kg was now 35/kg, chow chow was 25/kg was now 40/kg. The retail prices at vegetable shops across the city were 10-12 % more than the wholesale rates. He said the prices are bound to increase as supply was poor and the demand was more.\"Last year during the same time carrot was 30/kg and beans sold at 20/kg. Most hotels use these vegetables for their curries and they too are set to increase the price of lunch and other vegetable dishes,\" Soundarajan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13144472", "title": "Ganjam orders probe into kids working in job scheme", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Ganjam administration has ordered an inquiry into the alleged engagement of child labourers in Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) works in the district. \"The District Level Monitoring Committee (DLMC) will inquire into the allegation and will submit their report in a day or two,\" district collector Krishan Kumar said on Monday. Stringent action would be taken against persons found guilty, he added.On Sunday, some child rights activists detected four children allegedly working in MGNREGS work at Kaudia village within Sanakhemundi block. The children aged 12 to 13 years were working for renovation of a village pond, alleged Sudhir Sabat, director of Child Line, Berhampur. The children are Class VII and VIII students of the neighbouring school, he said, adding that they were rescued and handed over to their parents. The children were working at the site instead of their parents, who hold the job cards.Block Development Officer (BDO) of Sanakhemudi P K Das said they were not working at the time of raid. \"The children were at the work site but were not working. So we sent them back home,\" he said. The Gram Sathi, who inspects the work and records the attendance of the labourers, was absent from the site,\" the BDO said.Sabat alleged that children were engaged in hazardous works during the summer vacation at different places in Ganjam district. He said the administration should keep strict vigil on their activities and take action against those who engage children as labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13143316", "title": "It's truce for Pinarayi Vijayan &amp; VS Achuthanandan till bypoll", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Opposition leader VS Achuthanandan and CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan have decided to stop their barb against one another till the Neyyattinkara bypoll is over. It was made possible by the timely intervention of the central leadership and a couple of LDF constituent leaders.The lull in CPM caused by the VS's outburst was partly removed on Monday by the strategic stand of Pinarayi, who is on a campaign tour in Neyyattinkara.Vijayan predicted a power change in the state after the bypoll and warned that days of the UDF government are numbered. This is in sharp contrast to the stand taken by the party till a few weeks ago that the LDF will not try to topple the government.\"Several factors which were not unfavourable to use are now in our favour in Neyyattinkara,\" he said.Sources said the Pinarayi's statement stemmed from the fact that TP's murder and the outrage of VS have dented the chances of LDF in bypoll.\"For motivating cadres and giving a new direction to the campaign, a serious intervention was needed,\" said a district leader of CPM.In all review meetings held in Neyyattinkara, Pinarayi insisted on the need to win the poll somehow.Meanwhile, coalition partners of CPM initiated steps to patch up the tiff between the two CPM leaders. T J Chandrachoodan, a good friend of both leaders, met VS at his residence to discuss the crisis.\"I don't want to disclose details of the discussion,\" Chandrachoodan said after the meeting. It is learnt that he had talked to CPM general secretary Prakash Karat and Pinarayi prior to meeting VS.Sources said VS reiterated his stand and told Chandrachoodan that there wouldn't be any going back from the issues he has raised.He also detailed the circumstances that have led to such an outburst and said a patch up was likely only if the leadership addressed it.He reportedly told Chandrachoodan that he was confident of leading a real Left movement if situations permitted.CPI state secretary Panniyan Raveendran said that his party would intervene in the crisis at the right time.Smaller parties of the Front have, however, taken a wait and watch approach and decided to keep mum for the time being.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13143375", "title": "Anti-nuclear protesters withdrew fast", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Anti-nuclear protesters observing an indefinite hunger strike at Idinthakarai withdrew the fast on Monday.S P Udayakumar, convener of People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy ( PMANE) said that the protesters were withdrawing the indefinite fast after a request from Justice A P Shah to withdraw the fast. \"But the relay fast would continue as well as the protest,\" Udayakumar told reporters at Idinthakarai.The withdrawal of the indefinite fast comes in the wake of the district administration clamping down a curfew in and around Kudankulam and preventing movement of people to and from Idinthakarai. The protesters also alleged that there was little medical attention to them due to which their health condition worsened. \"The district administration sent a medical team only once. So we were forced to withdraw the hunger strike to save the lives of the protesters. The state and Central governments are sending wrong signal to the youth by ignoring peaceful protests while responding to armed struggle,\" Udayakumar said.\"But we will continue our protest. We have organised a conference titled 'Future of Tamilians' at Idinthakarai on May 17, the day the war in Sri Lanka ended. A decision on the future course of protest would be taken during the conference,\" Udayakumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13143158", "title": "Haryana police recommends CBI probe into Dana Sangma\u2019s suicide", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana police on Monday recommended a CBI probe into Amity University student Dana Silva Sangma's suicide on the campus in Gurgaon last month.Dana, a management student, committed suicide after she was allegedly humiliated for cheating while taking her exam on April 24.The recommendation was sent to the state home department after Meghalaya CM and Dana's uncle, Mukul Sangma, wrote to the Haryana government asking for a CBI probe. On the same day, Dana's elder sister, Balsame M Sangma, moved the Punjab and Haryana High Court, seeking inquiry by an independent agency.Sources said the Haryana government would take a final call on the matter. DGP (crime) Sharad Kumar, who dealt with the case file, told TOI that the police took the decision after examining the Meghalaya CM's communication. \"We gauge the complexity and seriousness of a case before recommending investigation by the premier agency,\" said state home secretary Samir Mathur.Dana's suicide was raised in both the parliament and Meghalaya CM has written three letters to Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda after her death.In the last letter sent on Friday, Sangma alleged that his niece committed suicide due to discrimination meted out to her.Balsame's petition is expected to come up for hearing on Tuesday. Balsame, 24, a civil engineer, who had come to Chandigarh seeking justice for her sister, said Dana was a strong, independent and rational individual, who was unlikely to have taken such a drastic step for an insignificant reason like being accused of cheating in exam.Balsame sought direction from the HC to hand over the matter to any other police outside Haryana or to any independent agency like CBI. She submitted that on that day, her sister was in a cheerful mood and had told her mother that she had studied well and is looking forward to the examination. \"Prior to the incident, it appears that Dana had certain grievances regarding discrimination faced by her. Dana spoke to her father, Elickson M Sangma, and indicated that she was facing some humiliation there,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13145817", "title": "Pinky Moge Wali is turning into a movie now", "text": "A hit dialogue and character From \"Jihne Mera Dil Luteya\" is all set to be turning into a movie. The movie will be titled \" Pinky Moge Wali\". The movie will be produced by Batra Showbiz and Kapil Batra Productions.Well known Punjabi singer Geeta Zaildar will make her debutin the film industry. The ever charming and gorgeous Neeru Bajwa will be the actress in the movoe. As far as the character and title goes we can expect some really bone tickling comedy.The movie is set for release in July.Source: punjabimohalla.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13142010", "title": "Now, Modi's message for girl child education", "text": "AHMEDABAD: 2012 being election year, no stone is being left unturned by the state government for propaganda. After all the HSC (science) pass outs were distributed booklet on career guidance with a foreword by chief minister Narendra Modi, another booklet has been prepared focusing on the girl child education.The girls who have cleared the exam have been given a 20-odd page booklet which lists out the various efforts made by the Modi-led government towards supporting the cause of education of the girl child. The booklet lists the various schemes where girls from poor socio economic families can get support for their studies and higher studies.The booklet also enlists how the efforts of Kanya Kelavani have paid off and there are more girls in schools right now as well as how more girls have not dropped out of school due to better facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142461", "title": "'Master of Indian cinema' turns 90", "text": "KOLKATA: Iconic, visionary, realist. Boisterous, introspective, grounded. All these and many more words of admiration and adulation marked the 90th birthday celebrations of Mrinal Sen at Gorky Sadan. Or shouldn't we mention that? Sen is sensitive about the years. Just ask his leading ladies - Mamata Shankar, Madhabi Mukherjee or Sreela Majumdar.Eisenstein Cine Club and The Bengal in association with the Russian Centre of Science and Culture had arranged the programme, Mrinal Sen - 90, with filmmaker Goutam Ghose as the coordinator. An ensemble cast scripted a touching tribute to Sen with their effusive praise and anecdotes, little nuances and incidents that, not unlike his films, won him lifelong friends. However, his admirers from the '60s onwards had one refrain: \"Mrinal Sen's films left the youth shaken, he stirred the deepest emotions and energized the audience with a radical energy. And his greatest achievement is capturing the age and time on film.\"But those snapshots were not always pretty. It still isn't, according to Sen. When film scholar Samik Bandyopadhyay asked him: \"In our history, whenever time has been marked by chaos and confusion, you've brought to us a film and linked it with other films. But can the current age be captured? How would you?\" Sen said: \"These are terrible times, everything is breaking down. A former chief minister called me to ask how things are. I demanded to know why such a time has come, why couldn't you or the Front do anything? We all need introspection.\"\"We must stand against the tyranny of collective mediocrity. Jawaharlal Nehru had said law is the will of the dominant faction. It still is, all over the world.\"\"A lot of filmmakers in India wouldn't have made radical cinema had it not been for 'Bhuvan Shome'. Mrinal Sen gave us the courage to break rules, to create new rules. He taught us cinema is not about being perfect. He inspired us to be 'not pretty'. He proved cinema is not work, it's a lifestyle,\" said filmmaker Anjan Dutt.Stalwarts and stars lit up while praising Sen, with Madhabi Mukherjee, Mamata Shankar, Sreela Majumdar, Prosenjit Chatterjee, directors Raja Sen, Ashoke Vishwanathan and Mainak Bhaumik, among others, paying glowing tribute to the maestro.\"He's the master of Indian cinema. He represents India on the global stage,\" said Prosenjit. \"If I can act, it's because of Mrinal Sen,\" said Madhabi.\"When we were students, his films energized us, burned us. Mrinal Sen is a revolution,\" gushed Raja Sen.Mainak said: \"Whenever you'd think there's no forward movement in Bengali or Indian cinema, you should go back to a Mrinal Sen movie.\"However, Goutam Ghose offered the greatest birthday gift to Sen: \"I've been urging you for 10 years, please make another film. All of us will assist you, just give us instructions.\"Mamata Shankar echoed Ghose as well: \"Ninety doesn't suit Mrinalda. He is nine. Not many know this, but he is very fond of gossip. Please make a new film, amra sobai achhi.\"Mrinal Sen's response would shock Bollywood , and jolt Hollywood . \"Among others, a top bank manager had offered to finance my film. But they'd release the funds only if it is over Rs 5 crore. I said I could make half-dozen movies with that money. So it never took off.\"Like Charlie Chaplin , Mrinal Sen has always sought a reflection of society in his films. Some may dislike the picture the mirror offers. But one can't always hide from reality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13142677", "title": "Panchayat polls: Candidates fear public wrath, stay away from family raj", "text": "MARGAO: Though not fought on political lines, the elections for panchayats are certainly seen as political barometers. And coming as it does on the heels of the assembly elections, the subsequent change in political equations is likely to have a bearing on the panchayat elections, grassroots political watchers say.Coupled with this, the issue of family raj that proved to be the cause of the Congress debacle in the last assembly polls, seems to have weighed heavily on the candidates aspiring to try their fortunes in the panchayat elections. Having realized in the last assembly elections that voters treated dynasty politics with utter contempt, most of the incumbent panchayat members have shied away from fielding their kin, lest they face the voters' fury through the ballot box.It's a known fact that former PWD minister Churchill Alemao had held sway over the panchayats in Salcete. This time, Alemao's shadow over the panchayat polls has considerably paled, poll watchers say. Take for instance, the Navelim panchayat. Sarpanch Paul Pereira, known to be a staunch supporter of Alemao, has decided not to contest the polls. Pereira's two family members- wife Loretta, and sister-in-law Minguelina- who were elected members of the panchayat in the last election, are also not contesting this time. The Pereiras may not like this to be linked to the fear of 'family raj', but political observers say that the reasons are obvious.The Varca panchayat that houses the Alemao residence is another key village that will be closely watched by political observers, given that Alemao's dominance over the village was nearly total. Significantly, four of the seven-member panchayat have not entered the fray this time, including Alemao's nephew Reagan Alemao. In Rumdamol, while several candidates known to be Alemao's supporters are contesting the polls against BJP worker Ulhas Tuyekar, sources said that BJP workers have formed a panel in a bid to defeat the rival camp.In Raia, panchayat member Esmeralda Gomes, who is the wife of incumbent sarpanch Nazaraeth Gomes, has opted out of the fray though her husband is contesting the polls. Esmeralda has been the sarpanch of the village for two terms. However, sources close to the Gomes family are unwilling to link the issue to family raj.In Camurlim, while former sarpanch Concessao Dias is contesting the upcoming polls, his spouse, Elizabeth, who had made it to the panchayat by contesting when the ward was reserved for women, is not. Nevertheless, instances of husband-wife duo contesting the panchayat polls can be seen in a couple of villages. In Aquem-Baixo panchayat, Damu Naik and his wife Deepa are contesting the polls, while in Curtorim, Concessao Dias and his wife Sarita are in the fray.Interesting battles are on the cards in the mining-rich panchayats of Sanvordem and Kirlapal-Dabhal. While Dipak Pauskar who tasted defeat in the last assembly elections is now trying his luck in the Kirlapal-Dabhal panchayat, his brother, Sandip Pauskar, is contesting from the Sanvordem panchayat.Former Sanvordem sarpanch is contesting the polls for the fourth time. As he was unable to contest the last polls last time as his ward was reserved for women, he had fielded his wife, Sugam, who had made it to the panchayat. This time, however, she has paved the way for her husband by opting out of the fray. Two other panchayat members from Sanvordem, Namdev Parsekar and Ulhas Bhandari, have fielded their wives as their wards have been reserved for women.In Curchorem constituency, MLA Nilesh Cabral has put a panel of candidates in Xeldem and Assolda panchayats, while politicians from Sanguem and Quepem are also supporting certain candidates to ensure their hold over the panchayats.Many candidates from these areas are into the business of mining trade and transport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13145896", "title": "'Paa' child actor Taruni Sachdev dies in plane crash", "text": "Fate's cruel hands crushed Taruni Sachdev's dreams on Monday when a 20-seater plane slammed into a cliff in Jomsom, western Nepal killing thirteen Indians and two crew members. The 14-year-old child actress was last seen in the Amitabh Bachchan starrer 'Paa'. Her mother Geetha Sachdev also died in the crash.Besides the Hindi blockbuster, Tarunai also featured in two Malayalam films, ' Vellinakshatram ' and ' Sathyam '. Her last TV outing was as a participant on Shah Rukh Khan's quiz show ' Kya Aap Paanchvi Pass Se Tez Hain? '. She had done many commercials including the popular Rasna ad.As per the Indian embassy there were 21 people aboard out of which 16 were Indians. Those rescued included Sreekanth, aged between 35-40 years, and two girls - Sreevardhini (9) and Sreepada (6).\"The injured Indians are undergoing treatment at Manipal Hospital in Pokhara. The other 13 Indians are feared to be dead,\" the embassy said in a statement.Amitabh Bachchan has expressed shock over the death of child artist Taruni Sachdev, who played his school friend in Paa. \"Just reading that Taruni Sachdev the girl child artist in Paa, has perished in Nepal plane crash. Please God may this not be true.\"Even Abhishek Bachchan also expressed his grief over the sudden demise of the child actor. \"Shocked and very saddened to hear about the Nepal plane crash. Lost 1 of my cutest co-stars. Little Taruni Sachdev from Paa. Speechless...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13143987", "title": "CST to Panvel in just 45 minutes by 2019?", "text": "MUMBAI: The techno-economic feasibility study for the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus-Panvel high-speed corridor has pegged the project's cost at Rs 11,000 crore. It has recommended 9-car services for the corridor and a travel time of 45 minutes by 2019, as against the present 77 minutes.Rail India Technical and Economic Services Limited (RITES) presented an interim report to the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC), which will execute the project in association with the state government through a public private partnership. The corridor will establish rail connectivity between South Mumbai and the Navi Mumbai international airport.The consultant has recommended halts at 10 destinations , including Navi Mumbai airport. A senior MRVC official said, \"It will halt at select stations on the Harbour line and can attain a maximum speed of 110 kmph to ensure faster transportation of commuters . Halts have been identified according to the importance of stations or where the interchange facility is available through the rail, metro or mono networks.\"The frequency of train services is estimated at 4.5-5 minutes. The official said, \"It will ensure at least 14 services per hour. Due to the continuous automatic train control (CATC), headway can be improved without compromising on safety.\"The system is expected to have 21,000 peak hour-peak direction (PHPD) trips by 2019 and 39,000 by 2031. The official said, \"We expect a 30% shift from the suburban line and 20% shift from road traffic once operations begin on the corridor.\"The corridor will run on broad gauge, with each coach having a capacity of around 350 passengers. Unlike the seat position in existing rakes, coaches for the proposed corridor will have a longitudinal design, similar to the Delhi Metro. The new terminal for the service will come towards the east of CST.The official said, \"The elevated route will follow P D'Mello Road/Barrister Nath Pai Marg and will enter railway land just short of Reay Road between the existing track and under-construction eastern freeway. It will be at an elevated level up to Mankhurd, from where it will take the ground level up to Panvel and the Navi Mumbai international airport.\"RITES also identified spots where station buildings can come up. The official said, \"The alignment will be more or less final, barring minor changes in the final report that will be submitted a few months later. The project's financial model will soon be submitted too.\" The CST-Panvel corridor alignment will skirt Navi Mumbai airport.But the consultatn has recommended an 8.5km spur route linking the airport via the Nerul Seawood section.Virar-Dahanu to get extra linesMumbai: The Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) has approved a proposal for a feasibility study for laying of the third and fourth lines between Virar and Dahanu, besides exploring the possibility of extension of the suburban rail corridor from Panvel to Karjat. The decision was taken at a meeting of the MRVC's board of directors on Monday and the process will begin to appoint a consultant, who will carry out the study for both corridors. A senior MRVC official said, \"The distance between Panvel and Karjat is 29 km. If the rail link is established between these two destinations, the distance between CST and Karjat via Panvel will become 78 km. The existing distance via main line between CST and Karjat is 100 km. Extending the rail link from Panvel to Karjat will bring down the distance from CST by 22 km.\" MRVC is also keen to quadruple tracks in the 63 km-long Virar-Dahanu section. The official also said suburban rail connectivity between Virar and Dahanu will have to be increased and improved as many housing projects have come up between these destinations.-Manthan K Mehta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13143330", "title": "High court seeks chief secretary' report on lawyer arrest", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Monday directed the chief secretary to submit a report regarding the arrest of a Samastipur lawyer on April 19.A division bench of Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh issued the directive while hearing PIL filed by a lawyer, Ashok Kumar . The petitioner sought transfer of the DM and the DDC of Samastipur for arresting the lawyer, Anil Kumar Singh, on April 19, and sought quashing of an FIR against Singh and other lawyers.The judges said the procedure was to file a petition seeking quashing of FIRs. Vindhya Keshri Kumar and Umesh Kumar Singh, appearing for the petitioner, submitted that the state government had not yet taken any action despite the lawyers' demand for transfer of the DM and the DDC. They sought fixing of responsibility against the respondent officials for Singh's illegal arrest.Anil appeared before the court seeking compensation from the government for his illegal arrest by the police. On this, the judges asked him to file a petition for compensation in accordance with law.Directive to City SP: A division bench of Justice Navaniti Prasad Singh and Justice Ashwini Kumar Singh on Monday directed the city SP (Patna), Kim, to supervise the case of alleged kidnapping of the daughter of a high court lawyer, Ajit Kumar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13142115", "title": "Wockhardt open to cops", "text": "NASHIK: Over 2,000 cops and their families can now seek treatment at Wockhardt Hospital under the Maharashtra police family welfare scheme, which has now been approved for Wockhardt. tnnInforming more in this regard, Dr Rakesh Sharma , centre chief of Wockhardt Hospital, Nashik, said that the hospital has been providing medical treatment to the employees of India Security Press, Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd, Indian Oil, Bharat Petroleum, Central Ware Housing, etc and now the Maharashtra Police can also take treatment at the hospital.Meanwhile, Jeetendra Lekhwani said in order to take treatment at the hospital, the employees will have to participate in the Maharashtra Police Family Welfare Scheme and inform them about the other technicalities for taking treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13141894", "title": "CNG bus catches fire near Karnavati club", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An AMTS bus caught fire after a suspected short-circuit near Karnavati club on SG Road on Monday evening. A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials rushed to the spot and doused the flames after a 40-minute operation.According to AFES officials, they received a call at 7.20 pm on Monday that a bus has caught fire. \"When we rushed to the spot, we noticed that the fire had started from the engine in the rear and the entire bus was engulfed in fire and smoke. Its seats and floor were damaged in the incident. However, nobody was injured in the incident. We tried to contain the fire and prevented it from reaching to the CNG tank that could have resulted into a blast,\" said Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer, AFES.The officials got to know that Rajesh Vaghela, the bus driver of AMTS bus on route number 501, had shown presence of mind and stopped the bus at side of the road when the passengers complained of foul smell and investigated the matter. Once the driver and conductor realized that the fire might be serious, they asked the passengers to get down and called upon the AFES. The bus was going from Vasna to Chandkheda.\"We believe that the fire might have started after overheating. Investigation is on,\" said an AFES official.Uneven bumps and dug-up roads add to woes of the commuters on the SG Highway. A speed-breaker has turned into cavity a few feet away from where the bus caught fire. Experts believe that the bus' internal mechanism might have got damaged after jumping on the uneven road.The cavity has been created at an important location on the highway near flyover and Karnavati Club. Road safety experts said that such a cavity can cause accidents especially in the night hours where vehicle riders tend to speed up.Times ViewThe Gujarat government has oferd to the center that it will build and maintain national highways in the state. Before venturing into this, the Modi government has some lessons to learn in road safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13144518", "title": "Red wing leader produced in court", "text": "RANCHI: Cultural activist and executive member of the Revolutionary Democratic Front (RDF) Uttpal Baski was produced before the chief judicial magistrate Giridih on Sunday following pressure mounting from the outfit and other human right activists.Denying allegations of unlawful detention, Giridih additional superintendent of police (ASP) Sanjay Kumar said Baski was arrested on Sunday morning and produced before the judge the same evening.Asked about charges under which Uttpal was booked, Kumar said he was a member of Jharkhand Aven, a banned outfit, and was involved in the propaganda work of Nari Mukti Sangh, another banned outfit of the CPI (Maoists). \"He admits being the member of the banned Jharkhand Aven and that is sufficient for his arrest under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA),\" he said. The ASP, however, unable to cite the exact charges under which Baski was booked.RDF national president and known Maoist ideologue Varavara Rao intervened in the matter and demanded unconditional release of Baski.Issuing an appeal to democratic organizations and individuals to raise their voices against the alleged illegal act of the police, Rao said Baski was a singer and a composer. \"He is a tribal cultural activist who was elected to the all India executive committee in the first conference of the RDF held on April 22-23 in Hyderabad,\" the letter reads.Rao's letter mentions that Baski was arrested by Giridih police near Dumri More on May 7 when he was returning from Ranchi after appearing in a court case. \"Cultural activists of Jharkhand Aven were waiting for him in a village when he was detained by Dumri police around 3pm on May 7 from a public bus in which he was travelling,\" Rao said.Local human right activist Damodar Turi said one of his associates and co-passengers on the bus informed members of Jharkhand Aven that Baski was forced to get off the bus and taken into custody.Jharkhand Aven is a revolutionary cultural organization whose general secretary Jeetan Marandi was sentenced to capital punishment by a court in connection with Chilkhari attack in which former chief minister Babulal Marandi's son Anup Marandi was killed.The judgment was later reversed by the high court and Marandi was acquitted of all charges related to Chilkhari case.Earlier, soon after the arrest of Jeetan Marandi, police arrested Baski under UAPA. He was in jail for almost a year and recently came out of prison on bail. He played an active role in campaigns taken up by Jeetan Rihai Manch (Release Jeetan Front) for his acquittal.The efforts were successful and Jeetan was acquitted by the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141536", "title": "Ayurvedic drugs shops on the rise in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Ayurveda was once seen as an exotic science, even in the country of its origin. The scene seems to have changed a lot in the last couple for years with the number practitioners, proponents and believers of this ancient technique of medicine increasing. No wonder than that there are many shops exclusively selling ayurvedic medicines, a phenomena not seen a few years ago.Practitioners of the science and those who deal in the medicines believe that this trend is seen due to people's increasing belief in ayurveda, along with disillusionment with modern medicine. More awareness and better availability of the medicines have also contributed towards this, they say.\"People have realized that there are no side effects of these medicines and they are more effective. Also, like most home-grown things, the interest of people came about after the West started turning towards Ayurveda. Several people who were previously apprehensive about it are now more confident about this pathy,\" said ayurveda practitioner Dr Shrikant Wanikar.\"The basic difference is that in Ayurveda, medicine is given after the diagnosis is complete while allopaths administer medicines after noting the symptoms. Though the relief that one gets after consuming allopathic medicines is quicker, the chances of relapse are also higher,\" said Dr Pramod Rakshamwar, secretary of Maharashtra Association for Gazetted Officers and an ayurveda practitioner himself. These relapses require higher doses of antibiotics which are doing more harm than good, he added. Another factor that he holds responsible for increasing popularity of the traditional treatment is people's increasing inclination towards organic products.\"Several spiritual leaders have taken up the cause of Ayurveda as have the media men, making it more popular than ever before,\" reasoned Shyam Khawase of Akhil Bhartiya Pharmacist Welfare Association (ABPWA). He said that he has several patients coming in with the prescriptions and even more who refer to advertisements on television or in newspapers demanding a particular ayurvedic medicine. \"At such times, we conveniently direct people to a shop near their home as the shops have come up all through the city,\" he added.The cost factor also plays a big role in this diversion, believes distributor Pradeep Karia. \"Treating someone through Ayurveda is much more viable financially. The results being more lasting, several people suggest their friends and acquaintances to try what provided them relief earlier. This word-of-mouth publicity also makes a lot of difference,\" he said. In his 30 years as a drug distributor, Karia has seen the demand and sales of Ayurvedic medicines increase in each decade. \"The last five years have been particularly dramatic in this regard,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13143439", "title": "Pakistani virologist Khaleel Chisty finally leaves Ajmer for Pakistan", "text": "AJMER: After 20 long years, Pakistani virologist Khaleel Chisty finally left Ajmer for his country on Monday amid intense media glare.The fast track court here released his passport after an application was filed by Chisty along with a copy of the receipt of Rs 5 lakh deposit to the Supreme Court.He was serving a life sentence in a murder case and was recently granted permission by the Supreme Court to visit Pakistan , albeit with several terms and conditions.Chisty produced the certified copy of the SC order along with his application and demanded release of his passport from the court. The passport was seized when he was granted bail after his arrest in the case in 1992.\"Today is my most memorable day and after 20 years I am leaving the land of Ajmer and going back to my family,\" Chisty said after coming out of the local court and waved his passport to the media.\"I thank the Supreme Court of India for this moment which is a miracle in my life. It's the grace of Almighty and blessings of Khwaja Moinuddin Chisty,\" the beaming virologist said.\"After the getting the orders from the SC, the local court released Chisty's passport,\" said Manjoor Ali, public prosecutor.Chisty went to his brother's place, where he collected his baggage, and headed for the Ajmer railway station to board the Shatabdi Express to New Delhi.\"I have to renew my passport and positively leave India on Tuesday,\" he said.At the station, a moist-eyed Chisty kissed his niece and granddaughters goodbye before being helped to get onto the train.Chisty had come to Ajmer on April 19, 1992 to attend a marriage ceremony where he got into a brawl and was later arrested for the murder of a relative Idris Chisty at the Dargah bazaar.The trial in the case continued for long, during which Chisty remained in Ajmer, and was finally convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment in January, 2011.Chisty challenged the verdict of the trial court in the Rajasthan high court and also moved a mercy petition to the governor of Rajasthan. The Supreme Court, last month, granted him bail. He moved an application in Supreme Court on May 2 seeking permission to go to Pakistan.Contempt petition moved against ChistyTwo advocates filed a contempt petition in the fast track court against Chisty. The advocates alleged that Chisty had deliberately passed derogatory remarks against the lower judiciary in the country. \"He had in one of his interviews said that judges in lower judiciary are 'illiterate',\" said advocate Devendra Singh Shekhawat.He said the court has accepted their application and is examining the documents and the audio-video tape. The court will hear the matter on My 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142878", "title": "India rubbishes Pak newspaper report on troop withdrawal plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Monday moved swiftly to rubbish \"propaganda'' emanating from Pakistan that it had agreed to pull back troops from the border as part of a larger agreement between the two countries.The Indian defence ministry denied a Pakistani newspaper report which held, quoting unnamed military and diplomatic officials, that the two countries had reached an agreement on the troop withdrawal during President Asif Ali Zardari's visit to India on April 8.\"The report published in The Express Tribune (Islamabad edition) on May 14 that `India may move troops to peacetime locations' is completely incorrect and without any basis. There are no such plans,\" said the terse statement issued by the defence ministry.This is the second time India has strongly countered Pakistan recently. Earlier, New Delhi held there was no change in its stand on the Siachen-Saltoro Ridge issue, and that it would continue to insist on ironclad guarantees and foolproof authentication of troop positions before any disengagement and final demilitarization of the glacial heights.The Pakistani media report on Monday claimed India is likely to thin out troops from wartime positions on the border with Pakistan, where they are deployed after the 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai. The announcement about the troop withdrawal, a result of the ongoing backdoor channel talks, is \"likely'' when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visits Islamabad later this year, it added.That the defence ministry, not known for issuing denials on newspaper reports from across the border, reacted promptly is an indicator that the government is unhappy over the \"propaganda'' being floated from across the border.\"Despite Pakistan not delivering on our main concerns on terrorism, there seems to be an attempt to build unrealistic euphoria. At another level, it seems a ruse to portray to the world community that New Delhi is backtracking on agreements it had reached with Islamabad,'' said a senior official.This comes ahead of the bilateral home secretary and defence secretary-level talks slated for May 24-25 and June 11-12, respectively, in Islamabad. Defence minister A K Antony, in fact, has declared nobody should \"expect dramatic results\" on the Siachen issue from the 13th round of the defence secretary-level talks next month.Antony had told Rajya Sabha that India had neither \"hardened'' or \"softened'' its position and was \"standing firmly where we were''. The two sides have to first agree on \"authentication'' of respective troop positions on the 110-km Actual Ground Position Line (AGPL) along the Saltoro Ridge, then \"delineation on map and ground'' and subsequently the final demarcation of the agreed border. \"It's our long-standing considered position,'' said Antony.Pakistani Army chief Gen Kayani had earlier created a flutter by stating India had \"hardened'' its position on the glacial dispute by asking for \"demarcation'' instead of the earlier \"authentication'' of the AGPL. But Antony said the only way to resolve the long-festering dispute is through the sequential process of proper authentication, delineation and demarcation.The Army, too, is clear that if Pakistani troops occupy the heights vacated by it, then dislodging them from there would be virtually impossible. Indian soldiers control almost all the dominating heights, ranging from 16,000 to 22,000-feet, on the Saltoro Ridge that effectively prevents Pakistan from the west and China from the east joining up through the Karakoram Pass to threaten Ladakh. China is fast expanding its footprint in Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143157", "title": "Sakshi's unfreeze plea dismissed", "text": "HYDERABAD: First additional special judge T Pattabhirama Rao of the CBI court on Monday refused to re-activate the frozen bank accounts of Jagathi Publications (the publishers of Sakshi newspaper), Indira Television (broadcaster of Sakshi TV) and Janani Infra, a form that supports both these ventures.The CBI, as part of its investigation into the assets case of Kadapa MP YS Jaganmohan Reddy, had earlier frozen the current accounts the above-mentioned ventures held, respectively, in the Banjara and Jubilee Hills branches of Oriental Bank of Commerce, SBI and Indian Overseas Bank . Aggrieved by the CBI move, the three Jagan firms filed pleas in the CBI court asking it to unfreeze the accounts and allow the media houses to resume normal functioning. The firms even offered to furnish security or bank guarantees to have their request granted.However, dismissing the petitions, the judge in his order said that were the bank accounts to be re-activated, there is a possibility that the funds may be misused for personal use. Since the matter is still in the pre-trial stage, it cannot be established just yet whether the money is legal or not, the judge observed.Also on Monday, in a separate development, all three Jagan firms, along with some Sakshi journalists, filed petitions in high court challenging the state government's decision not to release advertisements to Sakshi, seeking suspension of the GO implementing the said decision. The plea in this regard will come up for hearing before a vacation bench on Wednesday.The enforcement directorate (ED), too, approached CBI court on Monday urging it to furnish a copy of the first chargesheet filed by the investigating agency in the Jagan assets case. The court is likely to deal with this petition on Tuesday.Meanwhile, in the Emaar case, the CBI court dismissed the anticipatory bail petition filed by the firm's MD, Sravan Gupta.Jaganmohan Reddy gets summonsThe CBI on Monday served summons on YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy in connection with the disproportionate assets case. A four-member team of CBI officials met Jagan and served summons on him at the house of his loyalist MLA Y Balanagi Reddy where he stopped over for breakfast during the third day of campaign for the next month's by-elections. Sources said Jagan personally signed in the register and received the summons. The son of late chief minister Rajasekhara Reddy has been directed to appear in person or through his lawyer before the principal special judge for CBI cases in Hyderabad at 10.30 am on May 28 to answer the charges against him in the illegal assets case. However, a spokesperson of the YSR Congress said in Hyderabad that it was yet to be decided whether their leader would personally appear in the court or his lawyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13143301", "title": "ITIs in state to set up virtual classrooms", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As part of enhancing the quality of education and job prospects of ITI students in the state, the Labour Department is introducing 'virtual classrooms'.Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the facility as part of the first anniversary of the UDF government in Kozhikode on May 17, labour affairs minister Shibu Baby John said at a news conference here on Monday.According to the minister, the virtual classrooms will help ITI students catch up with communication skills and learn more about the recent developments in the industrial sector.A Dubai-based alumni association of engineering graduates from Kerala has already offered its support to the programme. The facility will be introduced in all the 34 ITI units in the state. Labour Department had sought Rs 120 crore Central assistance for upgrading facilities in ITIs, he said.Students passing out of ITIs can register their names on the website. The portal, www.skilljobs.kerala.gov.in would also be launched on May 17, the minister said.With the assistance of Quality Council of India, ITIs are trying to obtain ISO certification, and hope to get it for all in another five years. Kozhikode Women's ITI has already received the certification. It's the first time that an ITI in the country had received ISO certification for quality of education and infrastructure facilities, the minister said.According to Shibu Baby John, the government is trying to sharpen the skill sets of ITI students and make them employable in and outside the country. With the overall development of ITIs in mind, the Labour Department has compiled the details of all government run ITIs in the state and prepared a handbook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13143621", "title": "Tikku's suicide note in Palande's locker", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police's crime branch has recovered a suicide note in the handwriting of Anuj Tikku from the bank locker of murder accused Vijay Palande. The discovery has cemented investigators' belief that 40-something Palande was going to kill Anuj after allegedly getting the small-time actor's father Arunkumar Tikku bumped off.Crime branch officers opened the locker in the Lokhandwala branch of ICICI on Saturday in the presence of Palande after obtaining court permission. In it, they found several documents, including an undated and handwritten note that read: \"I am not happy and am ending my life. Nobody should be held responsible.\" Written in English, the note reportedly bears the signature 'Anuj Tikku'. Anuj has confirmed that the writing appeared to be his, but added he had no recollection of penning the suicide note or why.Suicide note written in drunken state?MUMBAI: Police have found a suicide note from murder accused Vijay Palande's locker.As the police interrogated Palande again he reportedly admitted that he had planned to murder Tikku and make it appear like a suicide. Officers believe that Palande had made Anuj write the suicide note while the latter was either under the influence of alcohol or drugs. \"We found other documents in the locker and they are being scrutinized by our officers,\" said an investigator. \"After killing Anuj, Palande could have made forged sale agreements of Tikku's properties and taken possession of the assets.\" The officer added Tikku's property papers, which went missing from his Oshiwara residence, have still not been recovered.The suicide note is the latest part of the jigsaw puzzle that the police have been piecing together ever since the murder of Arunkumar on the night of April 7.During earlier interrogations, Palande had told officers that the plot to usurp Anuj's properties was hatched last year. He and his accomplices-Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh-came up with the plan after an inebriated Anuj told Palande that Arunkumar had properties in Mumbai, Gurgaon and Delhi worth more than Rs 50 crore and had willed them all to Anuj.Palande also told the police that had a neighbour not raised an alarm while Shinde and Gajkosh were killing Arunkumar, he would have walked away with Anuj's properties . The three had plotted to kill Anuj by making him overdose on drugs. Anuj told the police that Palande used to provide him drugs.It was while investigating Arunkumar's murder that the police cracked the case of aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar's killing . Palande reportedly told interrogators that he and his accomplices murdered Kakkar on March 5 to usurp his property and car.They were of the belief that Kakkar was rich because he, according to officers, lost Rs 40 lakh to Rs 45 lakh in betting during last year's IPL, but still bought a BMW worth Rs 30 lakh without taking a loan from any bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13144085", "title": "Illegal vendors emboldened by cops' attitude to plaints", "text": "MUMBAI: Illegal hawkers have turned increasingly belligerent due to the reluctance of police to register citizens' complaints. The attack on the Goregaon resident, a dialysis patient, by a hawker on Saturday, is the latest of several instances in Bandra, Vakola and Andheri in which residents were assaulted for protesting against the illegal hawker nuisance.In September 2011, five men entered Dev Laxmi Jewellers on SV Road, near Andheri (West) station, dragged out the store's owner Roshan Lal Jashi, 50, and bashed him up ruthlessly even as a large crowd looked on. Joshi had regularly raised his voice against illegal hawkers in the area who were blocking the front portion of legal shops which was affecting their business.Several citizens have written to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar that the authorities often reveal the identities of complainants. Moreover, hawkers return soon after the BMC raids get over.\"Residents have no say with the police. Sometime back, a BMC lorry inspector was attacked by Andheri hawkers. She waited for five hours in the police station but wasn't heard by the police. She couldn't register her complaint. If cops do not listen to civic offi cials, why would they want to listen to ordinary citizens? Police are reluctant to register com plaints against hawkers,\" said Aftab Siddique, chairperson, 33rd Road ALM on Linking Road in Khar (West).Citizens complain they often end up being victimised in a po lice station and inadvertently get cases slapped against them. The PSI on duty in the Goregaon inci dent, Nilesh Kamble, not only al legedly detained the complain ants for over five hours on Satur day when they went to register a complaint against the hawker, he also slapped a case against one of them for unruly behaviour and penalised Rs 1200 under section (112) of the Bombay Police Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143149", "title": "Rs 35 crore seized from Chiranjeevi's son-in-law's house", "text": "CHENNAI: The income tax department on Monday said it had seized Rs 35 crore in cash from raids on Friday and Saturday at the offices and residences of actor-turned-politician Chiranjeevi's son-in-law Vishnu Prasad and his father Siva Prasad.In an I-T department news release, joint director Sanjay V Deshmukh said that a group of persons with interests in granite, real estate, sugar and distillery businesses were subjected to raids on Friday. Further investigation by the department resulted in the seizure of Rs 35 crore in cash from the bedroom attached to an office. The cash was neatly packed in 35 cartons, each containing Rs 1 crore in Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 denominations, the release stated. The income tax sleuths also seized several documents with one of the persons who was raided admitting that the cash recovered was unaccounted-for money, the release said.Prasad, whose premises were raided, is married to Sushmita, the elder daughter of Chiranjeevi.Earlier, Chiranjeevi denied reports linking him to the raids and said they were aimed at tarnishing his image. Chiranjeevi said that he was a regular taxpayer who had even received an award from the I-T department for prompt clearance of tax dues.\"I condemn such reports and categorically declare that I have no connection whatsoever with I-T raids,\" the Rajya Sabha MP said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13144415", "title": "Deer dies in Cuttack park", "text": "CUTTACK: A 12-year-old male deer died at the Deer Park here on Monday. While park authorities cited old age to be the cause, animal lovers have alleged overcrowding. This is the second deer death in the park in the last one week. A female deer had died in the park on May 7.The deer park was set up over 2.5 acres of land with just six deer brought from Nandankanan in 1981. Since then, the population of the animals has risen to 129 but the area has not been increased. Animal lovers allege that animals are being kept in inhuman condition at the park.\"Only 5 to 6 deer should be kept in an area of one acre according to the guidelines of the Central Zoo Authority but the CMC has accommodated 129 deer in just 2.5 acres of land,\" said wildlife activist Biswajit Mohanty. He alleged that CMC has been running the deer park illegally without a valid licence. \"The Central Zoo Authority (CZA) had cancelled CMC's licence to operate the deer park in 2008 and had directed the civic body to expand it. But the civic body has done nothing,\" Mohanty said.But the civic body has refuted the allegations. \"Shortage of space is not responsible for the death of the animal. The male deer probably died because of old age. The postmortem will tell about the actual reason behind the deer's death,\" said Saumendra Ghose, the mayor of Cuttack.Civic authorities also stated that steps are being taken to create a second deer park in CDA area. \"The new park is spread over an area of 12 acres. We have already started fencing the park but we need some more time to complete the project,\" said Rabinarayan Nanda, commissioner of CMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13145820", "title": "Bokaro Steel Plant squatters lay siege to collectorate", "text": "BOKARO: Squatters under the banner of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) gheroed the district collectorate building on Monday demanding the anti-encroachment drive be stopped. The drive was scheduled to be conducted by the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) from May 16.Recently, the BSL has served eviction notices to the illegal occupants residing in 30 unauthorized slums in its township, asking them to vacate its lands by May 16 or explain why their illegal structures would not be removed or else the company will demolish their huts, cowsheds or any of mud or concrete structure which have illegally come up on its land.However, the BSL move has sparked protests among squatters and various political parties here. In the past 48 hours, a series of demonstrations against the BSL management took place in town. The BJP, JMM, JVM and other local parties have termed such action of the company as \"inhuman\" and have raised demand from the administration to stop the demolition drive.JMM and JVM party workers had burnt effigies of the BSL authorities on Sunday. The JMM workers along with the squatters on Monday assembled in large numbers in front of the district collectorate building and staged demonstration for several hours. They were demanding that Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar should intervene and stop the anti-encroachment drive. To stop demonstrators from entering the collectorate campus, the gates were closed by policemen deployed there.Manto Yadav, a JMM leader heading the demonstration, said the people residing in 30 slums who were served notices by the BSL assembled here. \"We were demanding that the demolition drive be stopped as that will affect around two lakh people. The residents whom the BSL are terming as squatters are mostly contract workers working in its plant. They are living here for the past several decades,\" he said.A six-point demand letter has been submitted by the JMM leaders to the DC who assured them to look into the matter seriously.Kumar said administration was ready to provide every possible support to the BSL in this regard. He also said there was no discussion with the BSL for starting such a massive anti-encroachment drive. The BSL management has not informed the administration before issuing eviction notices in such a large scale. \"We will discuss the beginning of anti-encroachment drive with the BSL officials since the exercise could cause any grave law and order in the town,\" he said.There are 2,086.39 acres of land of the BSL which has been identified to be under unauthorized occupation. The BSL management with the district administration had conducted massive anti-encroachment drive in 2011 and evacuated two unauthorized slums Addakuwari and Kashmir Colony in Balidih. Apart from the two, the squatters from about 100 acres had also been removed but the BSL fails to take possession of those evacuated area following which it has been re-encroached again. The Jharkhand high court has also ordered CBI and CAG inquiry to assess the encroachment status and loss suffered by the BSL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13146301", "title": "Rana wants more of Bollywood in Southern film industry", "text": "His second Hindi film is still to hit the theaters but Rana Daggubati says he has big plans ahead, in Bollywood that is.Recently in Lucknow to promote Ram Gopal Varma's \"Department\", his next with Amitabh Bachchan and Sanjay Dutt , Rana talks about his filmi future and more...My mantra? Be different!Rana says he simply can't, won't be slotted. Be it in Bollywood or even down South. \"There's everything good about this film,\" smiles an excited Rana, explaining, \"The subject, police drama, is something I am comfortable with, in fact, I have been wanting to work in for a long time. Again, it comes almost a year after \"Dum Maaro Dum\" and so people have had time to forget my work in the previous and they will watch me with a fresh perspective. Actually, it all comes down to practicalities of the profession. For someone like me who has started out in both the Hindi and Telugu films at roughly the same time, it's important that I be different. Especially since now even Hindi films have a great presence down South. Hindi films open at around the same time as a Telugu film does in Hyderabad, where I live... If there is one thing I am certain about, is that while I still have the time and the energy, I will try everything till I find my niche. And I have no fears in experimenting. In the total of six films that I have appeared in, including Hindi and Telugu ones, the genre ranging from romantic to thriller has been completely different.\"South calling, can B-wood hear?If there's one question that Rana's constantly asked, it's about his reasons for attempting Hindi films despite a flourishing Telugu career. And his stock reply is, \"Why not?\" He continues, \"in fact, there have always been stars from South who have done Bollywood, though in the past they came for one-off projects, usually to act in the Hindi remakes of their own films, as they were intent that no one else reprise the role. Now that trickle has become something of a flood.\"But what Rana really wants is more of Bollywood in the Southern film industry. He explains, \"Both the industries share a lot of commonalities and already the Bollywood influence is apparent in the songs, choreography, etc in Tollywood films. But I see scope for the Telugu/Tamil industry to adopt more in terms of stories from Bollywood, and of course it would be nice to have more actors, who can work in many languages, someone like me. Actually, I am the missing link here! For, I am conversant in languages and can thus straddle both the industries.\"Naam mein kyaa rakkha hai?Hungry Rana may be for an all-round filmi experience, but he is loath to talk about directors on his wishlist. \"Of course, Ramuji has been a dream to work with, especially since I have grown up watching his work. Then again there was a familiarity because both of us come from the same place,\" he reluctantly agrees when probed on the director he would want to work with next, but stops short of mentioning any more names. And not without good reason, Rana shrugs, explaining, \"See it may sound like a cliche to say I go after stories, but I really do, and I have a practical reason for doing so. Among my first films was this one with a well known director, who I wanted to work with. And it flopped! So, trust me when I say that I go after the story. And I take the decision to work on a ny script after seeking advice from my father and my team.\"Ever since Love Life Is Out Of BoundsRana Daggubati made his Bollywood debut with \"Dum Maaro Dum\", if there's one thing that has kept him constantly in news, it's his love life and the affair with co-actor Bipasha Basu. However, after having admitted to not dating Bips and agreeing that he does have that someone special in his life, Rana begs off from answering more. \"There is a great deal of pressure on us actors already and I see no reason to allow a peek into my private space. That's precious and I need to give my relationship time to develop, I need to nurture it and help it grow and that won't happen if there is constant scrutiny. Everybody needs balance in their lives, but perhaps we seek it more, considering our lives are already out in the public space.\"Mr Akhilesh Is Such A GentlemanCalling this second visit to Lucknow a \"much more relaxed one\", Rana says, \"The last time we were here, for \"Dum Maaro Dum\", it was all such a mad rush. But this time we had more time. Of course, Lucknow food is heaven for someone like me who has a meat tooth. But the best part was meeting the CM. You know, there's such an aura that the word 'CM' always carries. You expect a person with all the airs and more security... But Mr Akhilesh was such a gentleman. He came out to receive us when our vehicle arrived at his residence! And the entire family greeted Sanjay and me and piled food on us. Such a hospitable family. I wish I had taken pictures with them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143168", "title": "Srilakshmi knocks HC door", "text": "HYDERABAD: Y Srilakshmi, senior IAS officer and former secretary of industries and mines department, who is an accused in the illegal mining case, on Monday filed an appeal in the high court urging it to grant bail to her. Earlier, the CBI court dismissed her bail plea.Her appeal to the HC is likely to come up for hearing before the vacation court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13142209", "title": "When a market matters...", "text": "PANAJI: Once considered as the granary of the state, Taleigao is now rapidly transforming into an urban village of sorts. The village has witnessed development at such a swift pace that it is losing its village character.The village, whose fertile fields produce high quality crops, is now rapidly turning into an urbanized locale lined with paved streets. Instead of paddy and vegetables, buildings are taking root in the once fertile fields of the village.But these high-rise buildings have brought in new inhabitants and a few infrastructure dilemmas have also arisen. Though the village is equipped with a state-of-the-art community hall, the need for a new market ranks high among the infrastructure requirements of the village.Every morning one can see vendors sitting on either side of the road selling vegetables, fruits, fish and meat. Sometimes, there is also an odd vendor displaying miniature electronics and peripheral wares on a small mat.Depending on the season, one also finds fruit vendors displaying stacks of watermelons, mangoes and other fruits. Some do this on their carts. Most agree that a new market is the need of the hour.\"A new market premises should be constructed as soon as possible,\" said Datta S Naik, a 22-year old youth from Taleigao. He felt this will help end the present practice of vendors squatting by the roadside.Xavier Almeida, a former panch of Taleigao village panchayat told TOI \"The (new) market has not been constructed since the last 10 years.\"\"The vendors have to sit on the road. The conditions are unhygienic...you can see sausages being sold on the roadside...there are flies all around,\" he added.But evenings see the area teeming with people, a sizeable portion of whom are migrants using the area as a sort of meeting point. Many are seen walking on the road making it inconvenient for the passing traffic. Almeida also lamented the crowding of the road saying \"The market area should not be a meeting point.\"He felt a new market should have been the top priority of the elected representatives from the village and wondered why the panchayat was unable in getting the project through despite there being no opposition to the ruling panel.But, Taleigao MLA Jennifer Monserrate appeared keen to resolve the market issue for her constituency. Monserrate told TOI, \"It was the previous MLA's (Atanasio Monserrate) idea to build a new market for Taleigao. The plans and drawings for a new market have already been prepared by the Planning and development authority (PDA) and have been forwarded to the Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC) for final approval.\"Ilda Falcao, sarpanch of Taleigao, echoed this view. Falcao said, \"The market requirement proposal has been finalized and execution of the work is awaited.\"Monserrate also disclosed that the new market building will be an aesthetically designed ground-plus-two storey building. Besides the market, it will also house the village post office, electricity sub-division, telephone department office and health centre all under one umbrella. It is expected to be complete with even a mini-hall and parking facilities.In a nutshell, \"all facilities under one roof\" said Monserrate, while emphasising that such an establishment would solve the roadside vendor problem as all types of vendors would be accommodated in the new market. The project is expected to be completed in a span of two years if everything goes according to plan, she added.Another problem the village faces are disposal of garbage due to the lack of a garbage treatment plant. The present garbage dump on the Taleigao plateau caught fire a few days ago, and smoke can still be seen emanating from the site. A treatment plant had been planned but is awaited.There is also a view that the intensity of multi-storey housing projects has to be reduced in the village to ensure its sustainability. With the influx of more residents, the strain on the water, electricity and other amenities is bound to increase.Problem Problem1) The village faces a problem of garbage disposal due to lack of a waste treatment plant. The present garbage dump on the Taleigao plateau caught fire a few days ago, and smoke can still be seen emanating from the site. A treatment plant had been planned but is awaited.2) There is also a view that the intensity of multi-storey housing projects has to be reduced in the village to ensure its sustainability. With the influx of more residents, the strain on supply of water, electricity and other amenities including internal roads and drainage is bound to increase, say Taleigao locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13142564", "title": "Vision-2030 to reshape Kochi into a global Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: With Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) planning new projects to elevate Kochi to a global city, the preliminary discussions on its Vision-2030 have begun. The programme is expected to lay the foundation for large scale projects that will redefine the city's landscape. The discussions on Monday were attended by a 16-member team of experts.They pointed out the need for a master plan to develop Kochi as a metropolis. They also stressed the need to put in place a Greater Cochin Metropolitan Authority - an agency with more autonomy to execute development projects in the area comprising Kochi Corporation, neighbouring municipalities and panchayats.Renowned town planner Kuldip Singh and former GCDA chairman S Krishna Kumar talked on the need to develop Marine Drive further. Highlighting the second phase of the Cochin Marine Drive Scheme, they said 60% of the land reclaimed for the purpose should be used for developing public utility projects, and remaining for commercial purposes. While Krishna Kumar said concern for the environment should not hinder development, environment expert Shivashankara Pillai said GCDA should abide by the Coastal Regulation Zone rules and limit construction activities in environmentally sensitive regions. Collector P I Sheik Pareeth said priority should be given to the basic needs of the people. \"The master plan should have provisions for safe drinking water, efficient waste removal and drainage systems. The success of any development will depend on the ability to address the basic issues of the people,\" he said. Kerala Chamber of Commerce president K N Marzook said there should be a scientific approach to developing the master plan and there should be consensus among various agencies regarding Kochi's requirements.Indicating the need to explore the possibilities of developing Kochi's waterways, Better Kochi Response Group president S Gopakumar said focus should be on developing areas with waterfronts that did not fall under CRZ rules.\"While developing roads, the needs of pedestrians should be taken into account. Development of Kochi should not be limited to MG Road or Marine Drive. The possibility of constructing underground parking should be explored,\" he said.Speaking on Vision-2030, GCDA chairman N Venugopal said the authority was planning to incorporate the existing projects into the new scheme and extend its reach to city suburbs and satellite towns.In the second round of talks, the observations made here will be discussed with panchayats, municipalities and the corporation. The final decision will be arrived at after holding discussions with ministers, MLAs, MPs and government secretaries.New projects proposed by GCDA include:Cochin Marine Drive Scheme (CMDS) Phase 2: It's an extension of phase 1 proposed in (to be) reclaimed 400 hectares of land extending from Goshree Island Development Authority land to Varappuzha. The plan is to set up a world trade centre, international convention centre and entertainment zone. GCDA proposes to undertake this project under PPP.Entertainment zone at Marine Drive: CMDS is considered a landmark project of GCDA. The projects envisaged here are oceanarium, dolphinarium, laser shows and a dancing fountain.Division Centres: These centres have been proposed with the intention of arresting dependence on the CBD, and to decrease the level of congestion in the central area. Eight division centres identified are Kaloor, Kadavanthara, Tripunithura, Rameswaram, Palluruthy, Thrikkakara, Cheranellore and Elamkunnapuzha. The division centres will be developed on PPP basis. It has also been proposed to identify more division centres in the urban fringe.Logistic Centre: As the freight movement through ICTT and LNG Terminal is expected to increase, the need to set up a logistic centre has been pointed out. This requires 40 hectres of land in close proximity to rail and road connectivity near Kalamassery.Outer Ring Road: The proposal is to develop a 64-km long four-lane access-controlled ring road connecting National Highway 47, airport and sea port. The ring road begins from Marine Drive and ends at Kumbalam on NH 47.Satellite Township: GCDA intends to develop satellite townships at Alangad, Puthencruz, Nedumbassery and Kureekkad. These townships are along the proposed ring road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143950", "title": "Bill to protect heritage buildings in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: A comprehensive heritage conservation bill that is expected to go a long way in conserving historic buildings and environmentally important precincts in Tamil Nadu was tabled in the state assembly on Monday. A commission under the Tamil Nadu Heritage Commission Bill 2012 will frame guidelines on conserving structures not protected by the Archaeological Survey of India or the state archaeological department.The commission will use incentives and penal provisions to preserve public and private historic structures. Apart from penalising those who deface heritage buildings, it will exempt owners of such structures from payment of taxes or fees for supply of water and grant them certificates of right of development.According to the bill, introduced by School Education minister N R Sivapathi, the commission will help the government identify, restore and preserve heritage buildings. It will have a say in development projects, including road and drainage work that could affect nearby historic structures.It will advise local bodies on how to raise repair funds for heritage buildings from private sources. The local bodies will have to regulate hoardings and other advertisement structures near heritage buildings and document records of historic structures. Private parties sponsoring beautification schemes will have to follow special guidelines.In addition, the commission will help classify heritage buildings according to their importance, supplement existing lists and make provision for restoring structures. It will advise the government in the alteration or modification of conservation laws, and whether a building can be put to commercial use. It will involve the public in creating awareness about heritage preservation.The commission, slated to meet once in three months, will be led by a heritage conservation expert. It will have 16 members, comprising bureaucrats from departments of tourism, housing and urban development, municipal administration and water supply, rural development and panchayat raj, law, museum, ASI, archaeology, environment and public works department, representatives from school of architecture and planning, Anna University, Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach), and Institute of Town Planners (India ), Tamil Nadu region.Activists welcomed the bill saying its penal provisions and incentives could help conserve the state's heritage. \"Many owners are not affluent. If incentives are given to owners of old houses in Mylapore and parts of George Town in Chennai, and in Srirangam, Madurai and Thanjavur, then entire streetscapes can be preserved,\" said S Suresh, convener of Intach's TN chapter. But the listing of heritage structures will be a mammoth task and the commission can use the lists prepared by Intach for Thanjavur and Nilgiris, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13145535", "title": "Jharkhand State Mineral Development Corporation clears development proposal of 3 coal blocks", "text": "RANCHI: The board of Jharkhand State Mineral Development Corporation (JSMDC) has finally cleared the proposal for development of three coal blocks in joint venture with private companies.The decision of JSMDC board will help in saving the mines from de-allocation. Union coal ministry was contemplating to de-allocate the mines as they were not utilized by JSMDC even after five years of allotment due to various factors.Sources in JSMDC said the corporation last year decided that it would start operation of the three coal blocks - Rabodh, Patratu and Pindra Debipur - in joint ventures with private companies as it dose not have the required expertise or resources to operate the mines.While the Rabodh block has reserves of 133 million tonnes the estimate reserve of Patratu block is around 450 million tonnes. The estimated reserve of Pindra Debipur block is around 62 million tonnes. \"In the JSMDC May 12 board meeting the proposal for development of coal blocks in joint venture was approved. Now the Union coal ministry will not be able de-allocate the mines\" a source said.JSMDC GM C Mishra confirmed the development. He said the files along with the relevant documents, including those related to the bidding process, would be sent to governor for his assent. \"The coal blocks will be handed over to three different companies -Jindal Steel and Power Limited, Orissa Manganese and a consortium of Coal Engineering and AMR Construction,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13143067", "title": "Observe hygiene in pool to stay away from infections", "text": "INDORE: Memberships at the swimming pools in the city are much is demand as the residents take to the pool with the rise in temperature. However, health experts advise swimmers to observe good hygiene to stay away from infections.According to doctors, pools and its surrounding areas may infect people with bacterial and fungal infection if proper cleanliness on the pool side area is not maintained.With summers at its peak, a number of public pools are organising classes for the children along with adults. Though most of the pool owners claim to have water filters and chlorinated water, poor hygiene could lead top infections.Dr N C Sethi, a renowned city-based dermatologist says, \"If chlorination is done then chances of infections are less. However, people get bacterial or fungal infection when surrounding areas like bathing rooms and toilets.\"Excessive chlorine too is harmful as it causes sun burn. A lot of patients come with complains, he added. He suggested wetting out completely as most of the infections occurs spaces between toes and groins.Though doctors deny to see the cases of cryptosporidium parasite that causes cramps and diahorrea when a swimmer ingests contaminated water, one needs to be careful while a taking a plunge in the pool. Dr Arun Vishnar, a specialist of internal medicine says, \"Cases of gastro infections are rare. Twice a month such patients come up with complaints of diarrhoea and other infections.\"This doesn't mean you shouldn't swim. \"It's a great exercise. Since you share the pool with many others, it's important for every swimmer to be responsible. That includes vaccination for preventable diseases like H1N1, hepatitis B and typhoid,\" said Dr Sethi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13144129", "title": "Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation passes valid on Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation", "text": "Now sportspersons , writers and artists can travel by ordinary BMTC and Vajra buses using their KSRTC passes . Arjuna awardees , Olympians , Paralympians , writers and artists , accredited with the department of Kannada and culture , already have passes issued by KSRTC .The same will be valid for travelling by ordinary BMTC, Vajra and Vayu Vajra buses in the city .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141505", "title": "Govt goes one step back on divorce laws", "text": "NEW DELHI: Diluting women's share in marital property in the event of divorce, the government has sought to restrict the provision for `immoveable property' to residential assets, a move opposed by women's rights activists.The marriage amendment bill seeks to amend the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955, and the Special Marriage Act, 1954, legislating a women's right to marital property acquired during the subsistence of marriage. The amendment cleared by the Union Cabinet recently said that the women's share will be decided by the courts. However, sources said that a new provision in the bill that describes ``immoveable property'' as ``residential property'' has raised the hackles of women activists who feel that this will be used to cut off a woman's share to her rights on other assets acquired by the husband during the period of their marriage.Opposing the amendment, a delegation of women's rights activists, led by Rajya Sabha MP and CPM leader Brinda Karat , met law minister Salman Khursheed on Monday. Speaking to TOI after the meeting, Karat said, ``This provision will be equal to leaving a woman to the wolves. We have urged the minister to postpone bringing in the amendments till such time as there is a provision guaranteeing equal share for women in marital property. This must be specifically mentioned in the bill.''Sources said that the proviso appeared to have been brought to pander to parties who felt that a woman after marriage will be able to stake claim to her husband and his family's property. The new marriage amendments include introduction of a new ground for divorce - irretrievable breakdown of marriage. The amendment has met with a mixed response since both BJP and Left parties have demanded that the government bring in adequate guarantees to protect women's rights if the ``quickie divorce'' is introduced.Karat, who was accompanied by AIDWA member and former Law Commission member Kirti Singh and others, also pointed out that so far there is no adequate definition for ``marital property''. She also stressed that there was no urgency to prioritize this legal reform at a time when several pro-women legislations continued to languish.Sources said that Khursheed heard the concerns of the members and said that he would consider all aspects before bringing the amendments before Parliament.The amendments had met with scathing criticism from BJP leader Arun Jaitley , who had argued in the Sabha, that putting irretrievable breakdown without a financial support system as a ground would result in mostly women as sufferers of matrimonial breakdown. ``Once a husband uses it for a divorce, courts will give conventional and very conservative maintenance amounts,'' he had said demanding that provisions like sharing of assets be made part of the bill.The amendments also give powers to courts to waive off six-month period of staying together before divorce can be granted in cases where the separation is by mutual consent. The amendments also give adopted children the same rights as natural-born children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13142006", "title": "Civic body clears dumping ground", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has finally stepped in to clear the reserved land at Rajeev Nagar from being turned into a dumping ground. The action comes after the residents of Rane Nagar and Rajeev Nagar raised the issue with the MLA, the corporator and the NMC.\"We have undertaken the levelling of the ground and also dug a pit around it, such that henceforth the to deter vehicles from dumping their debris in from entering will henceforth not be allowed to enter the space that has been reserved for NMC purpose,\" and dump the waste such as rubble at the location,\" an NMC official said.The residents of Rane Nagar and Pushpanjali Nagar of Rajeev Nagar were irked with the people engaged in construction and other businesses using the ground as a 'trading' space to deposit for the rubble. \"There were traders who would dump construction waste and then pick up refuse from the area. The Tractors and trucks loaded with debris used to be dumped in the area three times a week. We have been following up one this the matter since the last one year,\" B B Bairagi, a resident of Rajeev Nagar said.Sharad Bhadange of the Rane Nagar police gruhanirman Sanstha, raised the issue with MLA Nitin Bhosle, corporator Archana Jadhav and NMC officials, which finally yielded to their demands. \"The vast open space filled with rubble was also used for reduced to defecation in open by slumdwellers the residents of the slum areas nearby. This created a problem for the residents surrounding the ground who were frustrated with the authorities not doing anything about the overlooking the issue,\" Bhadange said.Nana Bachchhav, another also the resident in the area said that when they tried to stop construction folk the people on the trucks from loading and unloading at the groundplace, they were threatened by them. Besides the, \"We managed to gather courage and mobilise the people together because we feared the growth of health issues because of the nature of what was being dumped on a regulas basis. Fearing health issues if and when people start dumping dead animals around, the People in the area finally came together demanding a better solution for the problemissues,\" Bachchhav said adding that it was this mobilization that forced the NMC to act.The debris is finally the debris is being cleared, with the NMC having put up a board that prohibits dumping.The NMC is digging a pit along the highway, but it has no solution to block the opposite end of the ground which contines to provide an easy access to the vehicles inside the ground to carry on their dumping as they have been doing. and carry their business.It is therefore that residents feel that while clearing the ground may not do much to prevent on-going dumping, it is the start toward some action on the issue. and the NMC has put up the board of 'No dumping' in the ground. The locals, however said that it would hardly help especially when those engaged in the business were stopped from carrying out their business here.However the residents have welcomed the action with corporator assuring the best cooperation in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143498", "title": "Three cellphone towers sealed in city", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Municipal Corporation has sealed three illegal cellphone antenna towers in the city on Monday. Acting on the directions of principal secretary, urban development and housing (UDH), GS Sandhu, to remove the towers erected at Adinath Marg, C-Scheme, the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) sealed three illegal towers in the area.As per the new provisions, permission would be granted in a time-bound manner and the safety measures will be evaluated before granting the permission. The mobile company also has to take prior permission before installing towers in the city.Councillors claimed the problem is old in the city. Mohini Kanwar, councilor of ward number 10 said: \"In our area, two illegal mobile towers were erected. The issue has been raised several times in meetings. However, no action has been taken till date. We will once again register our complaint and ask them to carry out a drive in a fair manner.\"Though the JMC started the drive and took action against three mobile towers, there is no action plan for a major drive. \"The mobile towers are permitted by the Union government. However, now we will act on the complaints and against towers violating the rules. As per municipal bylaws, we will take action against them,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13142711", "title": "Panel wants Centre to increase Haj quota", "text": "MALAPPURAM: With the number of applicants from the reserved category itself exceeding the state's Haj quota, the chances of people in general category getting a chance for pilgrimage has dipped further. This has forced the state Haj committee to ask the Centre to increase the Haj quota by 1,500.The situation arose during the draw of lots for the pilgrimage at Haj House in Karipur on Monday, which was inaugurated by industry minister P K Kunhalikutty.This year the committee received 49,377 applications against the available quota of 6,487. The quota was filled by 3,120 applicants from the reserved A-category pilgrims, comprising people who are above 70 years. The remaining 3,367 quotas were filled by applicants from the B category, in which there were 4,987 applicants. People who did not get a chance even after applying three times for the pilgrimage were included in the B category.The Haj committee chairman P T A Rahim has already urged the Centre to allot additional quota as the highest number of applicants are from Kerala.The chairman along with district collector M C Mohandas attended the computerized draw of lots.The details of the selected applicants are available on the website of the Kerala State Hajj committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13143859", "title": "English Premier League comes full circle", "text": "In the twentieth year of its existence, the English Premiership has finally come of age. The EPL will be seem in the prism of a Before 2012 and After 2012 from now. That probably is Manchester City's greater achievement, not 'merely' its first title in 44 years.There is something else altogether to see a flawed team pick itself up and worm its way to the much-desired prize. It makes the achievement so much more believable, so much more human.When a seemingly perfect entity like Barcelona fail, the lament is perhaps for the loss of supreme beauty and high skill; a City-like near-choke actually takes you back to your childhood playfields. While you get addicted to the Barcelona kind of ideal, there's a possibility of a greater connect in the latter.What Sergio Aguero accomplished in the dying minutes on Sunday, has it echoes in what transpired in a less invasive, but equally competitive English football scenario 23 seasons ago.In 1989, the EPL wasn't even an idea, leave alone being the monster that it is today. It was probably the last time that it could still boast about its Englishness, though there was still a fair sprinkling of industrious Scandinavian players.Michael Thomas - often seen as shaky in front of goal by his Arsenal fans - scored an injury-time winner against Liverpool for what was then called the First Division Championship. Both teams vying for the title clashed in the final fixture of the season with Arsenal needing to win with a two-goal margin.Leading 1-0 into injury time was just not enough, and as Manchester City-like despair loomed, Thomas fumbled, bumbled his way to do the improbable. It ended the Gunners' 18-year fruitless wait. Nothing would ever be the same in English football ever since.The idea was further reinforced when the English football team was 'tragically' knocked out of the World Cup semifinal a year later. The image of a weeping Paul Gascoigne was to immediately touch the hearts of a nation that was getting weary of the technical suspicion and backwardness with which their game was regarded in other football cultures, not to mention their ever-running stigma of hooliganism that made English fans more feared then their teams.You must remember England was still reeling from the horrors of Hillsborough stadium stampede and other ills. In all this came an explosion of football's cultural freedom, if you like.In 1992, Nick Hornby, a Highbury North End season-ticket holder, presented the desolate side of a fan seeking redemption which explodes to life in the 1989 victory.Fever Pitch: A Fan's Life, altered a lot of perceptions, notably the relation with sport on a psychological and sociological level. It was the new wave of sports writing, and specifically in English football, a game previously seen unfit for such human approach.It was also the year that the Premiership came into being. But the human side of the game and huge corporate money did not necessarily sit together.Two decades of watching Liverpool fade away, witnessing the complete domination of Manchester United and the onset of big spending, of Chelsea unabashedly following United, and yet marveling at Arsenal plough a lonely furrow for the romantics... Then, Manchester City and Queens Park Rangers come forward and present the totally forgotten human face of Premiership football. And to think, we had lost all hope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13143272", "title": "Bihar TET results: Only 3.59% men, 1.57% women cracked the primary examination", "text": "PATNA: Merely 2.81 per cent candidates cleared Bihar Primary Teachers Eligibility Test (TET), the results of which were declared here on Monday. Pass percentage of women candidates is even more deplorable.Only 1.57 per cent of candidates belonging to fair sex cleared the test that would make them eligible to get a job of teacher in the state government-run primary schools having classes from one to five. The pass percentage of men candidates is 3.59.Results of upper primary TET (for schools running classes from 6 to 8) is little better. Around 17 per cent candidates cracked the test. Pass percentage of women and men candidates in this category was 14.49 per cent and 17.98 per cent respectively. However, state education minister P K Shahi, while releasing the results at the state secretariat here, said that the pass percentage of Bihar students in the TET was not \"too bad.\"\"In the upper primary TET, the candidates have done better than the national average of pass percentage which used to be in between 5 to 12 per cent,\" the minister explained. However, he also added the quality of results depends on the merit of the appearing candidates.Giving details of the results, the minister informed that a total of 21,62,929 candidates appeared in the TET for primary schools. Of them, only 60,730 candidates cleared the test. The successful candidates include 13,261 women.In the upper primary category, a total of 5,17,408 candidates appeared for the test. Of them, 87,254 passed the examination. The successful candidates include 24,074 women, the minister informed while releasing a data-sheet comprising social category-wise break-up of passed candidates and their percentage.Among the social categories, just 0.40 per cent of women belonging to scheduled castes (SC) could crack the test, while the pass percentage of scheduled tribes (ST) women candidates is 0.66 per cent. Shahi also informed that the results of Secondary Teachers Eligibility Test (STET) was almost ready and it would be announced in near future. He said a special examination for around 1.08 lakh STET applicants, who had boycotted the test at various centres in the past, would be conducted in June this year.programme for the proposed June examination would be announced soon. A special examination for the 4,000 primary and upper primary TET examinees, whose OMR sheets were lost in transportation, would also be arranged in June.To a question whether all successful candidates would be given jobs in government schools, the minister said, \"The government would have to maintain a balance between the available vacancies and resources. We will recruit only such number of teachers for whom the government can easily arrange salaries on time.\"He could not give specific number of teachers to be appointed among the successful candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13145954", "title": "Wearing their luck? You bet!", "text": "The IPL is racing towards its final stage. A look at this season's super men and their superstitionsSachin TendulkarApna Sachin has a lucky pad gifted to him by his brother. He reportedly wears it on his left leg for a while before every match. This IPL season, more than his runs, Tendulkar's hair did the talking what with the super cricketer getting his curly mop straightened. Ranked 27 in the orange cap list, Sachin is yet to show his bat ka jalwa. Hang on tight to your lucky pad, little master!Michael Clarke &amp; Sourav GangulyAussie cutie, Clarke, returned to IPL 5, and to perhaps the most-talked-about Team Pune, after touring West Indies. The skipper swears by loud music before going out in the middle. Sadly, he couldn't do much for his team as the side slid down the points table despite all the hoopla surrounding Sourav Ganguly's captaincy. Significantly, team's skipper, Sourav, keeps a photo of his guru in his pocket when he goes out to play. But when it comes to IPL 5, he failed to pocket his luck as Team Pune raised fans' hopes only to dash them with a flurry of losses, all of which were close games. Interestingly, some say, Dada repeatedly checks the width of his bat before taking guard. Another superstition, Dada?Dale Steyn, Mahela Jayawardene &amp; Lasith MalingaDale Steyn believes in stepping into the playing field with his left foot first and his eyes to the sky. At least that's what his girlfriend Jeanne Keitzmann claims he does! We hope this hunk keeps putting his best foot forward everytime he plays! Mahela Jayawardene apparently kisses his bat before batting! With just 167 runs from 11 matches, it's quite clear that this Sri Lankan skipper's luck has been eluding him for a while. But that's not all! Lasith Malinga kisses the er... ball before every delivery!Virat KohliVirat has moved on. From wearing the same batting gloves with which he used to score well to wearing black wristbands, Mr Kohli's superstition lies close to his hands! This is what he had to say about the change in his PoV: \"That phase has gone as now I look for comfort.\" We want to see more of you, Virat, so make sure that you keep those wristbands on!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13143831", "title": "Garbage problem: \u2018Door-to-door collection needed\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Despite efforts being taken by the municipal corporation, hygiene and sanitation in city has failed to improve. In the latest effort to make city garbage-free, MC has received clearance from the Union environment ministry for setting up a solid waste management plant. However, residents insist that a proper door-to-door garbage collection system is necessary to successfully tackle the garbage disposal problem. They argue that even after getting clearance for setting up the unit, the plant would be ready and functional only by 2013.The level of sanitation has continued to deteriorate due to various factors, including official inefficiency and public apathy. Previously, the private company which was given the task of setting up the solid waste management system had initiated door-to-door garbage lifting, but due to pressure created by sanitation employees of MC, it was stopped - leaving the residents continuously complaining about non collection of garbage from their houses and carelessness of the sanitation employees in performing their duty.According to sources, the city produces around 900 metric tons of garbage and till date only 775 metric tons of garbage is being lifted while rest is lying on roads. Now, a manure plant of 300 tones per day capacity along with a plastic waste-recycling unit will be installed. Also refused derived fuel plant will be installed for producing energy from solid waste.Though citizens generally blame authorities for the dirty state of city, people too are responsible for improper dumping of garbage.''A private company had started collecting garbage door-to-door in August 2011, but after a few days it was stopped. The garbage problem can only be solved if this door-to-door system is handed over to a private company and if we as residents of this city become responsible,'' said Manpreet Singh of BRS Nagar. Homemaker Sunita Gupta said, ''MC's fist priority should be to facilitate a smooth and regular door-to-door collection before making big plans of installing a garbage processing unit.''Joint commissioner and head of health branch, A S Sekhon said, ''The long pending clearance from Union environment ministry has come and now construction work of plant will begin next week. It will be functional by 2013-end.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13143269", "title": "Canteen facility for airport visitors soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The grouses of visitors and taxi drivers, who have to spend hours at the domestic terminal of the Trivandrum International Airport, about non-availability of food will soon be addressed. The airport officials have decided to float a fresh tender inviting expression of interest for a canteen in the domestic terminal campus.It is learnt that tender will be floated next week. The airport's commercial department had pitched a few suggestions to the regional headquarters in Chennai to bring down the minimum reserve price, which is believed to be the main reason for the lack of interest of food chains. Earlier, attempts to have a food court on the campus failed as there were no takers for the price advertised by the management. \"Hoteliers and restaurateurs think twice to set up a business at the airport since they are not guaranteed to have a certain number of customers. One of the suggestions is to start basic canteen services for the common man which could bring down rental prices. The other thing being the building's location, it is under a bridge so it is best to keep it simple,\" said an AAI official. The building, which has been completed and located under the approach flyover near the parking lot of the international terminal, has a seating area of 1,950 sq ft which can accommodate 25 tables. The kitchen is 750 sq ft.\"We don't think big brands are interested to start something here as we had called many tenders for starting a restaurant at the domestic terminal. Only brands seeking visibility have taken up space inside the international terminal. Outside, however, is a different matter. There may be hungry taxi drivers and visitors. At present there is only a snack bar near the airport and the rental is approximately Rs 3 lakh per month,\" added the AAI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13145670", "title": "Statistical highlights of Royal Challengers Bangalore-Mumbai Indians IPL match", "text": "BANGALORE: Statistical highlights of the Indian Premier League match between Royal Challengers Bangalore and Mumbai Indians on Monday:# Munaf Patel has recorded expensive figures -- 4-0-54-1 -- the most conceded by a Mumbai bowler in the IPL 2012.# Mayank Agarwal (64 not out off 30 balls) has registered his career-best knock in Twenty20 - his third fifty.# Chris Gayle has amassed 578 runs at an average of 52.54 in 13 games in the IPL 2012, extending his record.# Gayle's above tally is the fourth highest in an IPL tournament - the highest being Sachin Tendulkar (618 at 47.53 in 15 matches in 2009-10).# Gayle has recorded 44 sixes, emulating his own feat of most sixes in an IPL tournament, achieved for the first time in 2011.# Kieron Pollard (52 not out off 31 balls) has recorded his second half-century in the IPL - both in the present tournament.# The 122-run unbroken sixth-wicket match-winning partnership between Rayudu and Pollard is the highest in the IPL.# Rayudu has deservingly got his fourth Man of the Match award in the IPL.# Rayudu has completed his 300 runs in the present tournament, totalling 311 at an average of 44.42 in 14 matches.# In the course of his match-winning innings, Rayudu has completed his 1,000 runs in the IPL, totalling 1062 at an average of 31.23 in 44 matches.# Rayudu (81 not out off 54 balls) has registered his highest innings in the IPL - his second fifty in the present tournament and eighth in the IPL overall.# Rayudu's brilliant unbeaten knock is the highest by a Mumbai batsman against Bangalore in the IPL.# Sachin Tendulkar has recorded his first golden duck in IPL 5 - his third in the IPL.# With 15 points, Royal Challengers Bangalore are placed fifth in the Points table.# Of the 11 games played against Bangalore in the IPL, Mumbai Indians have won six and lost five out - success percentage 54.54.# Mumbai Indians have become the second side after Delhi Daredevils to win nine matches in the present competition.# Mumbai Indians, thanks to their win over Bangalore, are placed second in the points table.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144328", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav, nine newly elected MLCs take oath", "text": "LUCKNOW: Ten newly-elected members of Uttar Pradesh Legislative Council, including chief minister Akhilesh Yadav took oath on Monday. The new members were administered oath by Legislative Council chairman Ganesh Shankar Pandey at a function held at Tilak Hall.Other than Akhilesh, the Samajwadi Party members who took oath, include revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary, Umar Ali Khan, Rajendra Chaudhary, Naresh Chandra Uttam, Madhu Gupta, Ram Sakal Gurjar and Vijay Yadav. Chaudhary Mushtaq and Mahendra Sigh of RLD and BJP respectively also took oath. However, three members of BSP-Thakur Jaiveer Singh, Vijay Pratap and Sunil Kumar did not take the oath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13143572", "title": "Bravo six saved the day for us, says Dhoni", "text": "KOLKATA: Chennai Super Kings captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni heaped praise on Dwayne Bravo for his last-ball six to seal CSK's five-wicket win over Kolkata Knight Riders in their crucial IPL match but said that his side needs to improve batting in middle overs.\"It's very difficult in a game like this. We began strong with a solid partnership between Hussey and Vijay but did not bat well in middle overs. That is something we have to learn. But for Bravo's last ball six we would have lost the match,\" Dhoni said after the match.After Monday's win, CSK remained in contention for a playoff berth and Dhoni said they will have to win their last league match against Kings XI Punjab on May 17 at Dharamsala.\"We will take one game at a time and won't think for the playoffs now. We have to win our next match,\" he said.KKR captain Gautam Gambhir said his side was in for a chance for a win after off-spinner Sunil Narine got two wickets in one over.\"We needed wickets and thanks to Sunil who got two wickets in one over we were in for a chance. But Dhoni batted well and then Bravo hit that six. They played better cricket than us,\" he said.\"It is always a matter of learning your mistakes. The kind of cricket we are playing we are confident we will make it to the playoffs,\" he added.Asked he would think at the hindsight that his side should have one extra spinner, Gambhir said, \"May be an extra spinner could have been there. But before every match we select the bowlers whom we thought would do the job and try our best. It's a matter of taking decision for a particular match.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "13143715", "title": "No booze, prostitutes for US troops at Nato meet", "text": "CHICAGO: No alcohol, no prostitutes. This is the stern message the head of the US Northern Command has sent to his troops supporting the upcoming Nato summit in Chicago , the hometown of President Barack Obama .The message comes as the US military finalizes its probe into the conduct of 12 troops assigned to security for a recent presidential trip to Colombia , CNN reported.Investigations continue into an alleged prostitution scandal involving military and Secret Service agents who were in the South American nation in advance of a trip last month by Obama.The US military is about to offer its logistical support to the Nato summit that will be attended by Obama and other heads of state later this month here.US troops are expected to assist with communications, security, transportation and other functions throughout the high-profile event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13141849", "title": "Khaki lures all", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Shruti Mehta, a mathematics lecturer at a Gandhinagar college, got a call for joining the state force as a deputy superintendent of police (DSP), it was a dream come true for the tribology PhD aspirant.She is one of the representatives of the new batch of DSPs that passed out from GPA on Monday. The batch not only boasts of being one of the biggest batches to join the force but also the most qualified one. It has eclectic mix of candidates from all walks of life such as doctors, engineers, government officers and other professionals, who wanted power of khaki and position of a class I officer.\"I used to take classes for professional courses but that life did not give me that satisfaction and thus I decided to take a chance when I got a scholarship to attend SPIPA in 2006 to prepare for competitive exams. Before joining the police force, my interaction with police was limited to that with a traffic constable. However, a year of training has shown me khaki in new light and I want to make most of it,\" says Mehta.First to join police from his village, Mukesh Patel is son of a farmer from Modhera. \"I worked as a medical representative for a multinational company after my masters in organic chemistry but I always wanted to become a government official and what better than being a class I police officer,\" says Patel.The batch has 20 women DSPs, more than the total number of woman DSPs in the state hitherto. The idea was to give a gentle edge to the force and equal representation to fairer sex.It lured many professional women such as Manjita Vanzara. Niece of suspended cop D G Vanzara, the English lecturer left her job to pursue her dream. \"I have seen my uncle from childhood and wanted to wear the uniform,\" she says.Many police officers also got selected for the position. Rajesh Gadhiya was a sub-inspector when he appeared for GPSC exam in 2006. \"I worked with Ahmedabad rural police but I continued my academic efforts too. I got support from my SP to prepare well for the exams and interviews,\" he says.Component IITo go with pics in Pict_TOIRupal MakwanaPrevious profession: Bank officerThis feisty girl from Viramgam battled all odds to join the state police force. \"I belong to scheduled caste and have been subjected to discrimination right from the childhood, where we were asked to sit separately at school. However, it never dampened my spirit, rather I was motivated to be an achiever in life. I am the first woman in police force from my caste,\" she says. It is her dream to encourage education in girl children in villages and fight for rights of the lower strata of the society.Hetal PatelPrevious profession: TDOBecoming a DSP was not a cakewalk for this mother of a four-year old girl. \"After completing my journalism course, I appeared in GPSC earlier and held positions of chief officer of a panchayat and TDO. However, I had aspirations to become a class I officer and the opportunity came in 2006 when I again appeared for GPSC and got selected for DSP rank,\" she says. She adds that she has never missed a parent-teacher meeting and cites her family support for her success.Harpalsinh JadejaPrevious profession: DoctorAlready an MBBS, Jadeja got interested in life of a policeman during his prolonged practice at government hospitals in Jamnagar. \"There were many medico-legal cases where I gave my opinion as a medical expert. I used to go to sites of accidents or scenes of crime out of interest. Gradually, I developed interest and started preparing for the entrance. Fortunately, I cleared it at the first go,\" he says. He is also a closet poet and performed at various platforms with his shayaris.Praful VaniyaPrevious profession: TeacherFor Vaniya, the journey from a small village in Junagadh to becoming a cop had several detours. \"I left education midway due to financial crisis and also polished diamonds for a while before pursuing my dream of becoming a teacher. After class XII, I started giving tuitions and simultaneously applying for competitive exams. I currently hold degrees of MA and BEd,\" he says. For him, khaki will become a way to reach out to maximum number of citizens and bringing positive change in their lives.Imtiyaz ShaikhPrevious profession: EngineerThis lad from family of advocates in Bharuch left his engineering job to pursue his true dream. \"My earlier goal was to join army and serve the country. However, I got selected for DSP and concentrated on being a policeman. The challenge lies in the fact that you don't know your opponents in police as you do in army, where you know from whom to defend your motherland,\" he says. He enjoyed forensic science lessons and horse riding during his training period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13143827", "title": "Climactic end to English Premier League campaign", "text": "Rarely has a game between teams at the opposite ends of the spectrum been so compelling.Any other time, it would have been just another mismatch, pitting Manchester City's prized acquisitions against Queens Park Rangers' motley group; but then, one was battling for ultimate glory, while the other for survival itself.So, yes, nerves had to be on the edge and tension thick in the air too; but who would have thought it would provide more thrills, more drama and more emotion than even a fast-paced, goal-fest between the topmost clubs of Europe possibly could have?City's attacks came relentlessly, like waves one after the other on a high-tide day; QPR defended resolutely, casting away each of them with grace and purpose. Goalkeeper Paddy Kenny was the perfect last line of defence, coming into play every time everything else had capitulated.For the most part, however, the stadium was a sea of blue; it almost seemed like it was awash with the tears of its own fans. A few of the younger, restless ones even stomped in anger and remonstrated at every missed opportunity. After all, elsewhere, bitter rivals Manchester United had taken a 1-0 lead and the final step towards the trophy too.Then, somewhere during the second half, a raucous roar emanated from the stands; strangely, the action was at a standstill in the middle and City fans looked askance at the mega screens. A new message flashed: Stoke City 2 - Bolton 2. QPR had got their lifeline; they would survive in the Premier League even if they lost now.But their team was in the zone, playing like men possessed. A 66th-minute breakaway from the left flank had already seen Jamie Mackie finishing it off with a killer header. The sea of blue was ready to turn red, as disappointment turned to dismay and desire to desperation.The City players, though, didn't lose their cool: they played like it was just another game, even though the clock inched closer towards the cruelest denouement; they held on to the ball, and slowly but steadily moved towards the goal. Each time they were rebuffed; and each time, they would begin the entire process again.As the contest approached the 90th minute, the writing had clearly started appearing on the City walls: their millions were on the verge of amounting to nothing; the 44-year long wait was going to enter a much more agonizing 45th.Man U had, meanwhile, completed their win and knew it was just a matter of five more minutes; but the madness was about to begin. The flurry of attacks was finally going to break the QPR resolve; maybe, they were just tired or plain relieved that the ordeal was over.Two goals in two minutes. There couldn't have been a more dramatic climax; it was a happy ending for everybody involved, other than Manchester United that is.MANSOUR OF CITYThe family of City's owner, Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed al-Nahyan,is some 60 times wealthier than the billionaire Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich. Mansour, 40, is one of 19 children in the world's richest royal family.Their wealth is estimated at \u00a31trillion thanks to Abu Dhabi striking oil in the 1950s while his personal fortune is \u00a315 billion. University-educated in the US, he bought City in September 2008 and also owns a stake in Ferrari.This is the man who made a \u00a31.4b profit selling an 11 per cent stake in Barclays having only bought it seven months earlier. On the same day, he spent a mere \u00a312m for Gareth Barry from Aston Villa.Between 2008 and the end of last season, the club's total cash outlay was \u00a3930.4m, of which only \u00a3365.3m was generated from their own operations. The remainder - \u00a3565.1m - had to be supplied by Mansour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141975", "title": "2G case: Order on Raja\u2019s bail plea likely today", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court is likely to decide on Tuesday the bail plea of former telecom minister A Raja, who is facing trial in the 2G spectrum allocation scam case and has been in custody for the past 15 months.Special CBI judge O P Saini had on May 11 reserved his order on Raja's bail plea for Tuesday after hearing arguments from the CBI and counsel for the DMK MP.Raja has sought bail on the ground of parity with other 13 co-accused who have already secured it from the Supreme Court, Delhi high court and the trial court. In his bail plea, Raja said that the case against him was \"false and fabricated\" and \"not sustainable in law\".The CBI had vehemently opposed Raja's bail saying he could not be released on the ground of parity as the charges levelled against him were of serious nature. During the probe, it had come to light that Raja and others received bribe of Rs 200 crore in connection with the scam, it said.The CBI prosecutor had raised questions on Raja's alleged links with Mauritius-based Delphi Investment Ltd, in which Reliance Telecom Ltd had allegedly transferred its shares and said if released on bail at this stage, he might tamper with the evidence.\"It is suspected that there may be involvement of public servants, including accused A Raja and his family members etc, in the affairs of the said companies (Delphi),\" the prosecutor had said.Raja has sought bail saying the Supreme Court, while granting bail to former telecom secretary Sidharth Behura, had not distinguished the case of public servant with others. Raja's counsel had also said that Raja and Behura were facing similar charges of abetment, conspiracy and criminal breach of trust.The prosecutor had opposed Raja's bail on the ground that witnesses from Department of Telecom (DoT) and other private persons connected with the alleged bribe transaction of Rs 200 crore from DB Group companies to DMK-run Kalaignar TV are yet to be examined.He had said A K Srivastava, senior DoT official and one of the most important witnesses in the case, was yet to record his statement before the court and Raja may try to influence him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13143625", "title": "Yeddyurappa \u2018defers\u2019 decision to resign", "text": "BANGALORE: The 48-hour resignation drama of former Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyurappa petered out as he backtracked from his threat of quitting the BJP on Monday. But, it was only a postponement, he insisted.He sought the blessings of the Siddaganga seer for charting a new political course in the morning and said he'd announce his decision at 4pm. But after an hour's delay, BSY told reporters at his residence: \"I've only postponed my decision to quit. This is not a blackmail tactic as I don't aspire to become the CM or the party president.''BSY claimed that he had decided not to resign from the MLA's post in deference to advice from mutt seers, party leaders Nitin Gadkari and Arun Jaitley , who reportedly told him the party would be orphaned if he quit. But it appears legislators backing him declined to follow in case he quit the party.Another reason was the number of MLAs with him on Saturday was not encouraging. Though he claimed the support of around 40 MLAs, sources said there were 30 legislators including six MLCs. Some claimed he was not sufficiently confident of ditching the BJP.BSY maintained he had informed speaker KG Bopaiah that he would meet him around noon to hand over his resignation but there was no need for MLAs to follow suit.Concluding his 30-minute press conference with blistering attacks on chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, party national general secretary H N Ananth Kumar and state BJP chief K S Eshwarappa, the former CM said: \"I'm leaving the decision to the central leadership whether they require Yeddyurappa or not. I've worked 40 years for the party and I'm not a sanyasi. Within three years of becoming CM, my programmes such as Bhagyalakshmi (scheme for girl child) and bicycles to students are still remembered.''He accused Kumar of nurturing ambitions of becoming CM. \"If he was so desperate, Kumar should have led the party and contested the elections in 2008. Instead, he used the advantage of being in Delhi and made L K Advani turn against me,'' he added. He also accused Kumar of making three attempts to dislodge his government.BSY was particularly severe on Gowda. He said the CM was insulting him and casting aspersion on his four decades of public life. \"He has been practising the politics of revenge by aligning with JD(S) leaders,\" he said.What transpired at BSY residence?Till 12.30pm, BSY was keen on quitting. But legislators, including ministers at the former CM's residence, reportedly advised him to stay back. \"We told him (Yeddyurappa) that quitting the party may hamper MLAs' prospects as they have built their base in constituencies for many years. With elections around the corner, we may not be able to rebuild the base afresh,\" sources at the meeting said.BSY is said to have shouted at MLAs and even flung newspapers in his fury. He is said to have told them that if he doesn't quit the party, people may think he is just being rather dramatic. However, legislators said his strength lies in staying within the party as more number of MLAs would back him. \"Without a party, it's hard to keep the flock together for long. We brought this to his notice,\" sources added. Legislators told that BSY should instead ensure the exit of detractors.BSY off to DelhiYeddyurappa may leave for New Delhi on Tuesday evening to file counter complaints against Gowda, Eshwarappa and Kumar with party bosses. His trusted ministers Basavaraj Bommai and V Somanna may leave in the morning.Why BSY backtracked?* Continuous attack against Gowda, Kumar and Eshwarappa would attract disciplinary action from the party which he wants to encash into sympathy* Not enough confidence to quit party and join another party or float new one* Not many supporters were willing to follow him* Needs party backing during CBI inquiry", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13143352", "title": "B Tech graduates among 1,200 apply for a post of peon", "text": "PANCHKULA: Unemployment has hit a new low in the Tricity with 1,200 candidates, many of them B Tech degree holders, applying for a post of peon at the Panchkula courts. Minimum qualification for the post was Class VIII. There was only one vacancy for the post of peon at Panchkula courts for which interviews were held at the courts complex on Monday.\"I have done my engineering from Alipur and for the past seven months I am unemployed. I applied here knowing that the post is not what I really want, but I have no choice,\" said Madan Ali, who has done his B Tech from Alipur Engineering College.Similar sentiments were voiced by Bhanu Khushwaha, who had come from Ambala for the interview. \"I know there is just one post and I just hope I make it to the interview. I am the only son of my parents and I know how difficult it is to survive in this country without a job. It is better to do any job you get than to sit idle,\" said Khushwaha, who has done his M Tech from Delhi.\"No job is small or big. It is just the way how you think about it. Something is better than nothing,\" said Vinod Panda, a resident of Mohali, who done his engineering from Chandigarh.Virender, an M Tech from Delhi, was another such candidate. \"I have been waiting for hours together for the interview. I need it badly as I have been without a job for the past two years. Wherever I go, the authorities say the process will take time. Even private institutes are not hiring anymore due to recession. I just hope I make it here,\" he said, adding, \"I know I am over qualified for this job. I have not told my parents about applying here but I can't sit idle like this anymore.\"...while PGs go for clerical posts at PUNeha Miglani | tnnCHANDIGARH: These days over-qualified candidates with degrees like MBA, MSc (IT) and some even with double masters degree are turning up for the posts of clerks-cum-data entry operators at Panjab University campus.A post for which minimum qualification required is graduation and a starting salary offered is Rs 6,400, over-qualified candidates are turning up in huge numbers.Selection and screening process is going on for 310 such posts, while candidates continue to throng the campus counters throughout the day for 150 other posts that have been freshly advertised.While most of these students are postgraduates from private colleges, such response from over-qualified candidates has taken even the PU authorities by surprise.\"There are several candidates for these posts who are over qualified and possess master's degree in business management and even information technology. The trend is surprising and university has been getting scores of such applications,\" says PU registrar A K Bhandari.Applicants, on the other hand, are an anxious lot, despite being over qualified. \"I have completed my MBA from a university in Punjab and have been looking for a job for a long time. The posts were advertised in 2008 and I am hoping to get a job at PU,\" says Manish, an applicant from Punjab.Yet another applicant, who refused to divulge identity, added that the competition was tough and despite being over qualified, he was uncertain of his chances to get through. \"I am a double postgraduate, but could not get a job. Even as the profile for the announced posts is not in sync with what I have studied, I applied nonetheless since I was in need of a job,\" says the applicant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143477", "title": "San Jose officials to meet chief minister Ashok Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: With the fate of the multi-crore ring road project hanging in balance, chairman of the San Jose-Supreme Jactino Ray will be coming to the capital to meet the chief minister Ashok Gehlot and urban development and housing (UDH) minister Shanti Dhariwal.The company has been awarded the contract to construct the 47 - KM Ring Road. However, with the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) is struggling to get possession of the land acquired, the chances of starting the project in near future looks bleak.San Jose-Supreme, business development manager Vineet Gehlot said, \"The chairman will fly down from Spain on May 19 to meet the chief minister and UDH minister. The appointment is not fixed yet, however, it will be done during his three-day stay here.\"The company sources said the chairman is especially coming to discuss the future of the project as the situation is not clear yet. \"It's very necessary for the company to know the strategy and the planning of the state government and in how much time project will be started.\"The JDA had to hand over 60% of the acquired land to the company to commence the project. However, it was mutually decided by the JDA and the company to start the project on the available land. Gehlot said, \"As the chairman is coming to the city, we are positive to start the work soon.\"Last year, the company began work at the project site after 146 days of the scheduled date of July 28 owing to farmer protests. The company finally started work on December 21, 2011 and began leveling the land in Dadiya and Nevta village. However, regular protests by farmers for better compensation the work was stalled many a times.According to the company official, it has the possession of approximately 22 bigha of land in stretches and expecting possession of six bigha soon. \"The work of leveling the land has started. But we can start with the survey only when more land is acquired. The construction can take off once 26-bigha acquisition is done,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13146114", "title": "Adhinayakudu's Release Date is May 25?", "text": "The release date of the Nandamuri Balakrishna-starrer \"Adhinayakudu\" has been planned on May 25. The release of the action entertainer was constantly being postponed due to various reasons, but looks like this time around, the makers want to roll out the movie on May 25. The censor formalities of the film have been completed long ago and the film has received 'A' certificate.Balayya would be seen in three powerful roles in this mass entertainer which has Saloni and Lakshmi Rai as the leading ladies. The movie is directed by Paruchuri Murali and produced by ML Kumar Chowdary under Keerthi Creations banner. Kalyani Malik has given the soundtrack. Sources say that the dialogues in \"Adhinayakudu\" will be a highlight and the movie is touted to revolve around village politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143343", "title": "Vishvendra regrets remarks against Pradesh Congress Committee chief, Gehlot meets Rahul Gandhi", "text": "JAIPUR: Former MP and scion of the Bharatpur royal family, Vishvendra Singh expressed 'regrets' to the party high command for calling Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) chief Chandrabhan a \"murderer\".At the same time, he denied his role in the violence at the party function in Bharatpur on May 5. In support of his claim, Singh is believed to have submitted letters to the high command from Congress's Bharatpur MP Ratan Singh, Kaman legislator Zahida Khan, seven pradhans and several other local party functionaries.\"The Bharatpur MP, the Kaman legislator and 50 local Congress functionaries have given written statements that I had no role in the violence,\" Singh told TOI on Monday.The latest development was being seen within the party as the Congress leader's last-ditch effort to escape disciplinary action over the May 5 incident. This has also increased the divide between the Congressmen demanding stern action against Singh and those lobbying for him to be let off with a 'warning'.Sources said the PCC office-bearers were preparing to decline to attend party functions in districts if the former MP was spared. Sources close to PCC chief Chandrabhan, who recommended disciplinary action in the matter, said a clean chit to the Bharatpur ex-royal could lead to greater infighting with the state Congress.Singh, meanwhile, said that the confrontation among party members at the Congress workshop in Bharatpur was a \"minor incident\" that was not unusual to political functions. \"In a worse incident in the past, Congressmen bashed up each other with shoes and slippers when the then Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi was addressing a public assembly at Bharatpur's Tal Katora stadium,\" Singh recounted.The Congress leader, however, said he regretted his inflammatory statements against PCC president Chandrabhan. \"I regret calling him a murderer. But it was he who started it first; he called me a coward. I, a descendant of Maharaja Surajmal, cannot tolerate such a charge,\" Singh said, justifying his earlier outburst against the PCC chief. \"I have now expressed regret only because he (Chandrabhan) is older than me,\" the Congress leader added.Yet another group within the state Congress said the party would avoid a disciplinary action against the former Bharatpur MP who belongs to the Jat community. \"He still has a sway over the local people. Moreover, the party would not like to antagonize the Jat community that holds a grudge against chief minister Gehlot and feels 'targeted' after the arrest of legislator Mahipal Maderna in the Bhanwari Devi case,\" a senior PCC office-bearer said.Singh, though, lost the 2008 assembly election from Deeg-Kumher to BJP's Digamber Singh by margin of over 49,000 votes. The former MP shifted from the BJP to the Congress only days before the assembly election.The former is also quick to narrate his contributions to the party. \"I helped the party win the Bharatpur Lok Sabha seat, got a victory for the party from an area sensitive to Jat-Jatav rivalry, six of the nine pradhans in the district and all the elected student leaders here are Congressmen,\" Singh said.Gehlot meets Rahul GandhiChief minister Ashok Gehlot held discussions with the party high command including AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi , in New Delhi on Monday. Sources said the two leaders discussed the state's political situation, including the constant complaints by a group of legislators against Gehlot's leadership. During his two-day stay in Delhi, chief minister Gehlot also met senior leader Ahmed Patel and union minister Mukul Wasnik.Sources said the party leadership was preparing to make changes in the AICC to gear up for the assembly elections in Gujarat this year, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh , Delhi, Chhattisgarh and Karnataka in 2013 and the general elections in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13144003", "title": "China may use dissident sect against Dalai Lama: Tibet", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Tibetan government-in-exile on Monday pointed its finger towards a splinter community among Tibetans - the around 5000-strong Dorje Shugden community - after the Dalai Lama had raised an alarm on Sunday over threat to his life.The Dalai Lama has not recognized this community - members of which live underground - and had put a ban on them in 1996, saying they do not conform to the principles of Buddhism, sources said. Members of the community are also not allowed to vote in the elections of the Tibetan government.The Dalai Lama told the New Delhi correspondent of UK's Sunday Telegraph that he had received reports from inside Tibet warning that Chinese agents had trained Tibetan women for a mission to poison him while posing as devotees.\"There is a threat perception from this community as the Chinese may use their anger against the Dalai Lama to cause harm to the spiritual leader,\" said religion and culture minister of the government-in-exile Pema Chinjor.What has made doubts stronger is an anonymous letter, of which TOI has a copy, allegedly written by Dorje Shugden administration to the Tibetan administration, saying that the Dalai Lama should be unbiased towards all Tibetans and should not exclude them from his fold.GUARDING THE DALAI LAMA Tibetan spiritual leader has been given special category security cover, above Z plus There is a 2-tier security cordon in place - outer one is manned by Himachal Pradesh police and the inner cordon by specially-trained personnel from the Tibetan government-in-exileIB and state CID personnel have been deployed at Tekchen Choling, the Dalai Lama's residence, in McLeodganj; at least 17 CCTV cameras have been installed in and around his residence which are monitored by a control room inside the residenceThere are three entrances to the Dalai Lama's residence. Apart from frisking by securitymen, five metal detectors have been installed at all the entrancesPrior permission from the private office of the Dalai Lama is required for a meeting with the Tibetan leaderPrivate audiences with the Dalai Lama are usually scheduled thrice a week. Applications for private audience with the Dalai Lama have to be made well in advanceMedia requests for an interaction with the dalai Lama have to be given at least 6 months in advanceThe practice of the Dalai Lama accepting Khatas (white scarf) from his followers has now been stopped. Now his secretary receives the Khatas on his behalf on the instruction of his security wingDuring his public teachings, people are not allowed to carry mobile phones, cameras or any other electronic device; only cushions, FM radios, drinking cups and hats are allowed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143751", "title": "Viability issue, theft hamper revamp move", "text": "CHENNAI: In 2007, much to the dismay of environmentalists, Dubai decided to set up airconditioned bus shelters. It proved to be a major hit with commuters. Taking a cue from the Middle Eastern country, Mumbai, the country's financial capital, is planning to set up 50 airconditioned bus shelters on an experimental basis.Commuters in Chennai say why not here as well? Given the hot and humid climate in the region, such shelters would be a huge relief. Chennai Corporation has begun work on a project to revamp bus shelters within a year, but proposed improvements do not include even fittings such as fans and digital boards, let alone airconditioners.Commuters say the corporation ought to consider throwing in a couple of fans into the design to improve passenger comfort, and may be a payphone and digital board as well to display the bus timing.While airconditioners may be way too ambitious, contractors who are constructing the new bus stops say fixing a fan and a digital board to show bus timing would not stretch their budgets much. \"Fixing two fans would cost 2,500 every Joseph, general manager (operations ), Vantage Advertising, a firm bidding to set up bus shelters in order to acquire outdoor advertising space.Contractors now spend 2,500 a month to maintain every shelter. Additional cost of operating a few extra features like fans would be a pittance as they earn up to 1 lakh every month from advertising revenues. \"It is viable to provide some additional features in Anna Salai and south Chennai. However, in north Chennai it would be unviable. Earning even 10,000 there is a struggle, \" says Joseph.The big fear about putting up fans and other amenities in shelters is pilferage, especially in the northern and extended parts of the city. \"We have tried appointing a security guard at night. But they still steal our tubelights,\" says a manager of an advertising agency, who recently set up a large number of shelters. Contractors say with BSNL's help, they are willing to fix pay phones, but say the telecom company should be responsible for replacements if the handset is stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13145577", "title": "Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd announces amnesty scheme for agricultural consumers", "text": "PUNE: An amnesty scheme has been announced by the Pune zone of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd for low and high tension agricultural consumers, below poverty line (BPL) consumers, those in tribal areas and covered under Rajiv Gandhi rural electrification scheme.Consumers in these categories who have defaulted in bill payment and whose power supply has been permanently disconnected can avail of the amnesty scheme. Fine and interest liability on bill arrears of these consumers will be waived off if they agree to pay original bill amount, said a statement issued by the distribution company.About 14,891 agricultural and BPL consumers in the Pune zone owed bill arrears of Rs 25.68 crore till March 31, 2012. If they pay these arrears their fine and interest liability worth Rs 17.33 crore will be waived off.The statement further said that 11,691 high and low tension agricultural consumers in Pune zone have faced disconnection of power supply because they have not paid bills amounting to Rs 25.44 crore and their interest and fine liabilities are worth Rs 17.18 crore. If these consumers clear their bill arrears, besides waiving off their fine and interest burden, the distribution company will also grant them fresh connections.The Pune circle has 3,200 consumers in the BPL, tribal and Rajiv Gandhi rural electrification scheme categories who have defaulted. Their arrears are worth Rs 24 lakh and fine and interest liability is Rs 15.07 lakh. \"If these consumers pay the bill arrears of Rs 24 lakh, they will not be asked to pay fine and interest and will also be given new connections,\" the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "13144889", "title": "Monsoon showers boost farming activities", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Pre-monsoon showers has augured well for the farming community and resulted in an increase in agriculture activities in the district. More than 20 percent of sowing of pulses has been completed in plain parts, according to agriculture officer Lokeshappa.According to the agriculture department, they have set a target completing sowing in 1.61 lakh hectares and excluding paddy sowing target of 41,900 hectares in Malnad area and 48,000 hectares of Ragi in plain parts for which the sowing operations takes momentum after the month of July remaining 70,000 hectares sowing has been completed in 14,500 hectares.Lokeshappa said he is confident of meeting the set target of 1,61,370 hectares and this year the pre-monsoon showers have exceeded normal rainfall.Kadur taluk, which received very less rainfall during monsoon and was declared a drought hit area, has received abundant rainfall during April and May. Crops taken up for sowing include jowar, pulses such as black gram, green gram, sesame, horse gram; and oil seeds like groundnut, sunflower and cotton. The department heads have dispelled the fear that farmers may face acute shortage of manure and seeds.Officials said that with adequate stock of manure, seeds and stock the needs of farmers can be met till the end of June and will replenish it, if required.All taluk-level assistant directors have been asked to provide seeds pertaining to pulses, sesame, cowpea, jower and sunflower to the farmers under 50 percent subsidy and stocks have been forwarded to all the taluks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13143134", "title": "Six more held in timber merchant\u2019s murder case", "text": "INDORE: Police on Monday have arrested six more persons including three women in the gruesome murder of timber merchant Jasveer Singh Chhabra and Rs 15 lakh loot on May 6 in Khatiwala tank here over a week back. Police recovered a part of the booty including gold valuing around Rs 5 lakh from the accused.Police said that Gulshan, Chandrabhan alias Chandru, Akshay, Deepa, Suklibai and Ladobai (all are residents of Guna district) have been arrested in connection with the murder of Chhabra and looting of his house. Police have recovered jewellery worth Rs 4.5 lakh and Rs 60,500 cash from the accused. All the six were arrested from Guna district based on the information provided by the accused arrested on May 8.Police had already arrested four persons identified as Deva alias Kadha, Chikaan alias Chikan, Kalia and Kheru. Kalia and Kheru were arrested from Kurukshetra in Haryana. During the interrogation, the four accused told the police that one Suraj Pardi, who is still absconding, was the kingpin. Police teams have been sent to many parts of the country to arrest them.It should be noted that the five raided the house of Jasveer in the wee hours and battered him to death, while injuring his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143396", "title": "Housing board can recover revised rates from allottees: High Court", "text": "JAIPUR: The high court has held that the Rajasthan Housing Board is entitled to recover enhanced rates of allotments while handing over possession to residential units to successful allottees.The order was issued by Justice Alok Sharma while hearing a bunch of 36 petitions. It was contended by the petitioners, all successful allottees of a scheme named Gharaunda launched in 2005, that the housing board is charging double the rates of what they advertised while launching the housing scheme.It was argued that the original rate of allotment was Rs 85,000 but the final allotment letters were issued in 2009 after completion of construction and an amount of Rs 1.6 lakh was being sought by RHB.It was argued by housing board that the forms filled by the applicants contain a clear mention of the fact that the board has rights to revise the rate, looking into the cost incurred and hike of prices during the construction period. As such, there was no illegality in the action.Upholding the contention of board, the court held that it has a right to issue demand note for the arrears of money while computing final costs at revised rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13145791", "title": "Session on growth &amp; leadership", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Confederation of Indian Industry and CAS came together to organize a corporate event for the 'growth and leadership by dissolving the boxes'.The event was on freeing individuals and organizations from their mental traps and bottlenecks that hold them back. Chief speaker Santosh Sharm, the author of the best seller 'Next what's In', said it was time to dissolve the box and move on from thought to intent leadership which was seamlessly integrated with the entire universe. He gave examples to make the session interactive and lively. The speaker brought out the difference between thinking out of the box and dissolving the box clearly that was convincing and an eye opener for the participants.He also discussed how this idea could add value to the small, mid size and large scale organizations in the short, medium or long term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13143732", "title": "Woman faces cop fury over hawker complaint", "text": "MUMBAI: A Goregaon resident who went to the police station to complain about a hawker assaulting her neighbour on May 12 was allegedly detained for over five hours and fined Rs 1,200 for 'unruly behaviour'. The police refused to register her complaint. Kavita Thakker, a resident of Rajendra Park Society, near Goregaon (W) station, was at home on Saturday when she got a call at around noon that her neighbour had been assaulted after an altercation with a hawker. After the incident, she went with some others to the Goregaon police station to complain. There when she said , she had filed four written complaints earlier against 200 illegal vendors, sub-inspector Nilesh Kamble lost his cool and allegedly detained her.High-Handed HawkersAug 16, 2011:Hawkers assault Natwar Bhatt, a resident of Vile Parle and grandson of freedom fighter Gokulbhai Bhatt, on suspicion he had complained against themSept 21, 2011:Five illegal hawkers enter Dev Laxmi Jewellery Store on SV Road, near Andheri (West) station, drag out owner Roshanlal Joshi and beat him up. Joshi had complained against them Police say Goregaon woman was unruly, detain &amp; fine herHawker Let Off With Warning After Cops File Only Non-Cognizable PlaintGoregaon police reportedly refused to register a complaint against an illegal hawker on Saturday and booked the complainant instead for 'unruly behaviour' .However, commissioner of police Arup Patnaik who visited Goregaon police station on Monday and was apprised of the case, told TOI, \"It has been sorted out. There are some misunderstandings. It's a small matter.\" Asked if a case could be filed against a person because s/he is rude with a cop, he said, \"If a policeman wants to go after a person, he can file cases under 200 sections. Citizens need to have patience and perseverance. In Mumbai, many people are disturbed. But they can't go on venting their fury against the police.\" Probed about the five-hour delay in registering a case, he said, \"I'm tied up right now.\"On May 12, Goregaon resident Kavita Thakker received a call that her neighbour was assaulted by a hawker. The 57-year-old neighbour, who was returning from a dialysis, had stopped his car at the gate of their Rajendra Park Society, near Goregaon (W) station, when a hawker's cart hit it from behind. A heated exchange followed and the hawker allegedly assaulted the neighbour. \"My neighbour's wife called to say her husband was hurt,\" said Thakker. Thakker, her husband and the neighbour's sister complained to Goregaon sub-inspector Nilesh Kamble.\"When I also told the PSI about four written complaints I had filed against 200 illegal vendors in our area, he lost his cool,\" she alleged. Kamble charged Thakker under Section (112) of the Bombay Police Act, issued a (149) notice for alleged misbehaviour and fined her Rs 1200. She claimed they were virtually held hostage from 12.30pm to 5.15pm, as she refused to pay. \"I told the cop my five-year-old child was home alone, but he didn't let me leave,\" said Thakker.Police finally registered a non-cognizable offence against the hawker around 5.15pm, by which time Thakker paid the fine. As they were about to leave, they got a call from another neighbour saying some hawkers had gheraoed their housing society. \"We demanded police protection but got it only around 10pm and reached home by 11pm,\" she saidArun Jadhav, senior inspector of police, said, \"I was told Thakker banged the table and shouted at the officer on duty. We have registered a non-cognizable offence and cautioned the hawker to maintain peace in the area.\"Thakker, who met Patnaik at the Goregaon police station on Monday, said, \"The CP said senior cops informed him I was rude. He said while police will support the BMC against hawkers, they can't do anything on their own as it's not their job.\"SHOCKING SATURDAYMAY 12 | 12.05pm:Kavita Thakker got a call from her 57-year-old neighbour's wife that he had been assaulted by a hawker who hit his car12.30pm:Thakker, her husband and the sister of the injured neighbour reached Goregaon police station to lodge a complaint12.30-5 .15pm:Police booked Thakker instead for 'misbehaviour with a cop' and refused to let the three go till she paid a fine of Rs 12005.30pm:As Thakker paid the penalty of Rs 1200, an NC was registered against the hawker and the trio got ready to leave. But she got a call from another neighbour that hawkers had gheraoed their Goregaon housing society gate, so they waited outside the police station to meet the senior PI8-8 .30pm:Soon after the senior PI arrived, he met the hawker union first9.30pm:The complainants, who were called to meet the senior PI as soon as the union representatives left, sought police protection against the hawkers10pm:The senior PI asked two officers to accompany them home11pm:The complainants finally reached homeTimes ViewThe Goregaon incident follows several instances of cops tipping off hawkers about complainants. It is this complicity between lawkeepers and law-breakers that scares citizens into not complaining against illegal activities in the neighbourhood. Total lawlessness on streets may be a natural consequence of browbeating citizenactivists into silence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13142814", "title": "A summer's day: Goans flock to beaches for a mudans", "text": "CALANGUTE: It's summertime and Goans are headed to the beaches for a 'mudans' (change) from the routine of life.The queen of beaches Calangute is the most preferred destination for a number of reasons, not least because of the constant excitement in the air. So in between the hundreds of Indian and foreign tourists frolicking in the water and building castles in the sand, one also finds dozens of Goan families relaxing in the shade and taking in the sights and sounds of paragliding balloons and speeding jet-skis. \"They usually bathe in the mornings and evenings,\" says a lifeguard. \"They're not like the other tourists who jump into the water at anytime of the day. There are many of them these days. When it gets too hot during midday and the afternoon, they relax in the shade of the pine trees or shacks.\"Says Joao Antonio Fernandes, a traditional fisherman from Gauravaddo-Calangute, \"A lot of people have been coming. They always come after the Shirgao 'zatra' in Bicholim. Most of them come from far away places like Valpoi, Bicholim, Assonora, etc. One visit in the year for a bath in the sea and then they don't need to visit the doctor for a year.\"According to him, this is the best time to visit Calangute beach for a bath. \"Right now, the sea is very powerful. It's the best time,\" he says, indicating the healing power of salt water.Conceicao Fernandes from Mapusa visited with her daughter and grand daughter for their annual trip to Calangute. \"We come every year for one day only,\" she smiles, as they relax in the shade besides a shack packed with Indian tourists. She remembers the day when there were more Goans than tourists on the beach. \"Now it's all outsiders.\" She confirms that a sea water bath is good for one's health. \"Here, especially, the water is not polluted,\" she says. \"It's good.\"Most Goans who visit beaches for a sea water bath do not patronize the shacks. \"We can't afford the prices in these hotels and shacks. We bring out a little food and eat,\" she says modestly. But there are also many others who patronize shacks and spend a few days in fancy beach resorts.Baga beach is also packed these days with visitors from interior Goa. One family from Aldona, requesting anonymity, said they returned after 15 years. Others were relaxing in the shade besides shacks after taking a dip in the sea water. In Candolim, Joaquim Dias, who rents out beach beds, is more accommodating towards his fellow Goans, especially since there are no crowds in Candolim. \"I charge 100 for the beach beds and let them use the facility for as long as they want,\" he says. \"In Calangute, they charge 100 per hour whether you're a Goan or not.\"Most of these summertime visitors arrive early in the morning and depart by evening. \"Some come for only a day, while others come for three days in succession, because it's said to be more beneficial for health. A few even spend the nights on the beaches,\" says Joao Antonio. \"Some come for a few days and sleep in the night on the beach itself where there are trees,\" he says. \"But if it rains, it becomes a problem.\"Some good Samaritans have built shelters around the many old crosses on the sand dunes along the beach stretch. However, many of these wooded areas are also full of garbage.The scene is similar on most other beaches in Goa. People in Pernem head to Arambol and Morjim, while in the south, Colva is still the biggest draw for people coming from interior areas like Sanguem. Palolem and Agonda are the hot favourites for people from Quepem and Canacona.Using sea water as a form of therapy, also known as thalassotherapy, has been around for centuries. Sea water is said to contain approximately 35 g of salt per litre of water. This salty water offers several health benefits although drinking excessive sea water can potentially lead to several diseases, including hypernatremia.An Australian study published by the National Institutes of Health suggests that salt water swimming pools can have a positive effect on 'pyoderma' (skin sores) and perforations of the 'tympanic membrane' (ear infection) in children under the age of 17. Atopic dermatitis is a type of chronic skin disease characterized by inflamed, itchy skin; it's also a type of eczema. A Japanese report published by the National Oceanographic Data Center, suggests that sea water is an effective treatment for atopic dermatitis. Inhaling sodium chloride, or salt from sea water, in aerosol form is called halotherapy. This type of therapy was used in a 1995 study for treating patients suffering from acute bronchitis. Sea water treatment has also been shown to improve the effects of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in patients suffering from the diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143136", "title": "Special buses for Inter exams", "text": "HYDERABAD: In view of the Intermediate advanced supplementary examinations from Wedmesday, APSRTC will operate special buses. The number of special buses will be increased as per requirement. The first year exams will be held from 8 am to 11am and those of second year from 2.30 pm to 5.30 pm on the test days. This year, the advanced supplementary examinations will begin with physics instead of the second language paper. A total of 12,40,296 candidates are slated to write the exam.Board of Intermediate Education (BIE) authorities stated in a press release that the problem of old and new question paper could arise in English Paper-II scheduled on May 18 and requested students to check if the paper was correct before writing the examination. Candidates appearing for the first time should answer questions from the new syllabus only.The practical examinations will be conducted from May 28 to 31 in two sessions; 9 am to 12 pm and 2 pm to 5 pm daily. A control room will function with the telephone number 24601010 and fax number 24655027.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13142121", "title": "Bhonsala College offices attacked", "text": "NASHIK: Unidentified youths on Sunday ransacked the offices of the Bhonsala Military College and damaged goods worth Rs 7,000. At 1.30pm, the youths entered the college premises, beat up and locked the guard in a room, and broke the latches of offices on campus. Authorities said equipment worth Rs 7,000 has been damaged, though nothing was stolen. tnnWhile, initial reports suggested no burglary, the Gangapur police are investigating the case further.Meanwhile, the office administration has said that office equipments worth Rs 7,000 have been damaged in the said incident. The college is run by the Central Hindu Military Education Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143417", "title": "Maoists caught CISF jawans off-guard killing 6 in Dantewada", "text": "NEW DELHI: Within ten days of releasing Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon, Maoists killed seven people, including six CISF jawans, within the NMDC mining complex at Kirandul, about 40 km from the district headquarters in Chhattisgarh's Dantewada.Maoist cadres of the South Bastar divisional committee caught CISF jawans off guard while they were changing shift. The ambush site is on the main road, about 1 km from the headquarters of a CISF company stationed at Kirandul.Maoist armed with AK-47s and self-loading rifles (SLR) allegedly laid an ambush around 9.30 pm on Sunday. They had also planted an IED which did not explode. Besides 800 rounds of ammunition, Maoists escaped with five AK-47s, one INSAS rifle and six bullet-proof jackets of the slain jawans.The jawans were part of the security detail guarding National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) facility at Kirandul.Sources said Maoists had conducted a recce of the area and movement of jawans. \"They (Maoists) deliberately chose to attack when jawans change shift and are slightly relaxed,\" said a senior police officer.Senior CISF officers led by director-general Rajiv, and state police officers, including Bastar IG T J Longkumer, reviewed the security at the NMDC complex. CISF officers also met the NMDC management and discussed fortification of the complex and a change in deployment strategy of the security personnel.CISF DIG (intelligence) Jaideep Prasad, part of the team, said, \"We plan to use bullet-proof and anti-mine vehicles for our men. We will also increase the number of forces deployed here.\"The jawans killed on Sunday were travellng in a Bolero. \"If they were in a bullet-proof vehicle, they would have had a chance to retaliate,\" said an officer.On May 2, while Menon was in their custody, Maoists killed two policemen and injured four others while firing indiscriminately on a district police team patrolling the weekly market at Bacheli.Chhattisgarh police resumed offensive operations which were suspended while Maoists held Menon hostage. From May 11-14, an inter-state operations was conducted with CRPF and Odisha police deep in the Red zone at Darbha bordering the states. Adivasi Mahasangh leader Manish Kunjam said, \"The government should stop these operations where the tribals are harmed. Maoists, too, must end violence.\"Sunday's attack comes ahead of a Bharat bandh call by Maoists on May 16. In a recent statement, Maoist Dandakaranya Special Zonal Committee spokesman Gudsa Usendi said the bandh was called to protest against the proposed national Counter Terrorism Centre, torture of villagers during joint forces operation and increasing presence of the Army in Bastar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13144227", "title": "Palande used Kakkar's cards in Bangkok days after murder", "text": "The police have learnt that Vijay Palande flew to Bangkok a few days after allegedly killing aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar and had his wife Simran Sood join him there. In the Thai capital, investigators said, the two used Kakkar's debit cards for shopping.The revelation came to light during the course of the investigations into Palande's fake passports. One of these, officers said, showed that he was in Thailand between March 23 and 27.Palande, who is the main accused in the murders of Kakkar and Delhi-based business consultant Arunkumar Tikku, had earlier admitted to his interrogators that he stole about six of Kakkar's debit cards. He had however denied travelling to Thailand or using the cards there. In fact, he had claimed passing on a debit card to a friend, who ostensibly made use of it in Bangkok. His claims now are believed to be untrue. \"Palande used Kakkar's card in Bangkok. We are verifying other details,\" said additional commissioner of police (crime) Deven Bharti.Officers asserted that Palande first flew to Thailand and Simran followed him a day later. They used at least one of Kakkar's debits cards in the Southeast Asian country. And before returning to Mumbai on March 27, Palande handed the card over to a friend, who continued using it. On April 1, Kakkar's family got the aspiring producer's debit cards blocked.According to officers, Palande and his accomplice Dhananjay Shinde killed Kakkar at his Oberoi Springs flat in Andheri on March 5. The next day, they packed Kakkar's chopped body into two suitcases and used the deceased's BMW to dump the suitcases at Kumbharli ghat in Ratnagiri. The duo then reportedly visited Palande's sister's house near Chiplun. Finally, they parked the BMW in the compound of a friend's housing society on March 9 because \"Palande was flying abroad for work\".According to officers, evidence shows Palande used Kakkar's cards even before he flew to Thailand. At least on March 10 and 11, shopping was done and car fuel bought on the cards in Mumbai.Simran had told the police earlier that she travelled to Bangkok in March with a woman friend, who owns a boutique in Lokhandwala and is married to a developer. In her statement to cops, the friend had said that she often flew abroad for shopping. And in March it was she who invited Simran to come with her to Thailand. The police are trying to get the details of Palande's contacts in Bangkok and find out what all was bought on Kakkar's cards there.KARAN KAKKAR MURDERVijay Palande told the police that he and accomplice Dhananjay Shinde killed Karunkumar Kakkar in the aspiring producer's flat at Oberoi Springs, Andheri, on the night of March 5 They gave Kakkar a sedative, knifed him, took his body to the bathroom, chopped it up and stuffed the parts into plastic and gunny bags that were, in turn, put into two suitcases The next evening, the two left with the suitcases for Chiplun in Ratnagiri district in Kakkar's BMW. On the way, they dumped the body parts at Kumbharli ghat On March 9, they left the car in the parking lot of an acquaintance's housing complex in PuneARUN TIKKU MURDERAnuj Tikku met Vijay Palande, who had taken on the name Karan Sood, through Simran Sood. Palande introduced Anuj to Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh Anuj rented his apartment in Samarth Aangan Society at Oshiwara to Palande's wife, German national Nives Ligensa. She did not live there, but Shinde and Anuj did Anuj's father Arunkumar Tikku arrived in Mumbai on April 5 and had a heated argument with Shinde on finding him living in the Oshiwara flat. Arun asked Anuj to get rid of his friend. Shinde left, but returned the next day and hid two suitcases, coils of wire, a knife and a hammer.On April 7, Anuj and Palande left in the latter's Mercedes for Goa. The same night, Shinde and Gajkosh went to the Oshiwara apartment. The duo stabbed 62-year-old Arun, who was perchance seen struggling at the window by a neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13143351", "title": "MLA plays Big B's 'saala' in Bhojpuri film", "text": "PATNA: Vinay Bihari has already created a niche for himself in the entertainment industry. Now a lawmaker, this actor, singer and lyricist has acted in a Bhojpuri film which is going to be released in the first week of next month. The theme of the star-studded film, 'Ganga Devi', with Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya Bachchan is reservation for women in democratically elected bodies.Bihari, an Independent MLA from Lauriya, has played the role of Jaya's brother and Big B's saala (brother-in-law) in the film. \"Last week, the shooting of the film was over and dubbing was also complete,\" Bihari told TOI on Monday after his return from Mumbai. \"The Bhojpuri film which is a remake of a hit Marathi movie will be a big entertainment, particularly in Bihar, which is the first state to accord 50 per cent reservation to women in panchayat and local bodies,\" said Bihari who has written and sung over 300 songs and acted in three dozen films. In some of the Bhojpuri films like 'Chanda', 'Khoon Paseena', 'Bhai Ho To Aisa' and others, he played the lead role. While lauding the reservation for women in the elected bodies, the film is also a satire on elected women being controlled through remote by their husbands. \"Tum hamari patni ho aur wahi karogi jo hum kahenge\" kind of orders the husbands yell and the women have to obey.The film, Bihari said, is on the real impact of the reservation and deals with whether this reservation has helped the empowerment of women. \"It shows how the women have benefitted and how men have reacted to this development. When a wife is elected to some institution, not only hers, but the responsibility of her husband, too, increases manifold,\" he said and added that as a matter of fact women still do not function independently.About his own role, Bihari said he is a kind of social worker who arranges marriages of boys and girls. \"I arrange the marriage of my nephew (son of Amitabh and Jaya) who is an urchin,\" Bihari said. Amitabh teases him, \"Sale sahib ghoom ghoom kar sab ki shadi karate hain lekin iski (his son) shadi kaun karayega.\" Bihari tells him, \"Ek se ek ladki mil jayegi.\" Amitabh cuts him short and says, \"Ek se ek nahi kewal ek.\"Bachchans' daughter-in-law proves her capability and gets elected as pradhan. She takes guidance from her father-in-law.The role of Bachchans' son and daughter-in-law are played by Dinesh Lal Yadav Nirhua and Pakhi Hegde, both known faces in Bhojpuri films. Like Jaya, Bollywood bad-man Gulshan Grover is also acting for the first time in a Bhojpuri film. The producer is Deepak Sawant, who is also make-up man of Big B, and who was instrumental in persuading Jaya to act in a Bhojpuri film. Film's director Abhishek Chaddha from Mumbai informed TOI that 'Ganga Devi' will also be released in Hindi under the title 'Srimati Netaji' along with Bhojpuri version.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13141554", "title": "Angry relatives of patient go on rampage", "text": "NOIDA: Nearly a week after a junior engineer of Noida Authority passed away, family members and relatives of the patient alleging lack of proper treatment reportedly created a ruckus damaging property and manhandling staff at a private hospital in the city. Angry relatives and friends of the patient went on a rampage on Monday morning, alleging negligence by hospital and doctors which led to the death of their family member. A complaint has been filed by the hospital administration against the protestors.Family members alleged that if they had been informed about 53-year-old JC Jain's medical condition, they would have shifted him to a speciality hospital. However, the hospital administration claimed that the patient had a history of heart problems in his family and was also suffering from diabetes and hypertension besides being obese. They said they had been informing the family about the patient's health and about the \"need for him to take care of his health\".According to the relatives of the patient, Jain was brought to the casualty ward of the city hospital on May 6 following his complaint of feeling unwell. As per Jain's doctor of several years, he was reportedly suffering from high blood pressure and high blood sugar levels when he was brought to them. \"His blood pressure was recorded at 220/120 and his sugar level was 242 when he was brought to the hospital on Sunday morning. We then advised admitting him,\" said the hospital's doctor who was treating Jain. \"Though we brought his parameters to an acceptable level and he was to be discharged on May 8, Jain complained of uneasiness and giddiness even as the discharge papers were being readied that day,\" the doctor said. \"We then shifted him to the ICU and kept him under observation till evening. He, thereafter, suddenly collapsed and passed away about 7.30pm,\" the doctor added.On Monday, May 14, two of Jain's brothers and his son met with the doctor who had treated Jain and the hospital's owner to \"discuss matters\". \"They alleged that they should have been told that Jain could have had a heart attack,\" the hospital doctors said.The family members on their part alleged that they came to the hospital to ask for Jain's medical documents to be handed over to them, which the hospital staff refused to hand over, which led to the ruckus.Things went out of control soon after that and a group of people started breaking and manhandling the hospital staff, police who had by then reached the spot said. A hospital spokesperson alleged the family displayed unruly behaviour, resorted to threats and also damaged hospital property. A complaint has been filed at the Sector 20 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142283", "title": "Green energy funds: Germany to go for full bidding in power from 2013", "text": "KOLKATA: Germany, considered as a major green force among the European Union countries, will go for full auctioning in its electricity sector from 2013. And the move is aimed at generating funds to put in place an electricity system run by renewable energy resources by 2020, the year by which it has decided to cut the greenhouse gas emission by 40%. The country, which has already shut down eight of its 17 nuclear power plants in 2011, will phase out the rest by 2020.\"The idea is to produce 35% of electricity using renewable energies by 2020. And to start work on the future grids, which should be flexible enough, we need funds. The move to go for 100% auctioning in the sector is expected to generate a revenue of over 3 billion euro per year, which will be used as climate and energy funds. The national grid development plan will be on table by June this year,\" said Martin Weiss of the federal ministry for environment, Germany. The country is managing about 350 million euro climate and energy funds for 2012.When asked about the impact on consumers, Weiss said the electricity prices don't necessarily need to rise as all the elements to decide power prices have been factored in the present tariff structure. \"Before the start of emission trading in 2005, the utility firms were given free allowances (one allowance is a permit to emit 1 ton of CO2) and they have even incorporated this along with generation, distribution, supply and grid cost for charging tariff. So, the tariff is already on the higher side,\" added Weiss.Renewable energies generated 20% of electricity in Germany in 2011, whereas the nuclear power plants' share in the generation was 18%. Brigitte Knopf of sustainable solutions department from Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research said if a proper power generation system using renewable energy resources is not put in place in time, the prices might rise once all the nuclear plants are closed in 2020. \"This is because hard coal and lignite-based plants will have to bridge the gap and generation cost using these fuels are much higher compared to renewable energies,\" she added.With eight to 10 coal-fired power plants are under construction and ready to come up by 2013, German Bundestag member and deputy chairman of Social Democratic Parliamentary group Ulrich Kelber said the country needs some fossil fuel plants as a back-up arrangement. And his belief seems to hold water as there was a near-blackout situation in Germany in 2011 when some nuclear plants were closed and the country had to import energy from Austria . However, the federal foreign office looks reluctant over the fossil fuel plants as it wants to bring down the energy import bill of the country, which currently imports 97% of its oil, 67% of coal and 88% of its gas.Meanwhile, grid construction seems to be a huge challenge for the country with a confusion prevailing among the grid operators and offshore park owners over payment for transferring electricity from off-shore wind parks to the shore via grids.(This correspondent was in Germany on an invitation by the German Federal Foreign Office)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13141967", "title": "Renjith Maheswary wins gold in Asian Grand Prix", "text": "BANGALORE: Mayookha Johny's efforts to hit the Olympic qualification mark in women's long jump failed to materialize again on Monday as she settled for the silver in the 3rd and last leg of the Asian Grand Prix in Chonburi, Thailand.Mayookha, who has already made the Olympic grade in triple jump, managed a best of only 6.50. Filipino veteran Marestella Torres took the gold with a leap of 6.62 but still three centimetres short of the Olympic 'B' qualification mark.Renjith Maheswary won India's lone individual gold winning the men's triple jump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13142863", "title": "Government fast-tracks mass rapid transit projects, appoints managing director", "text": "GURGAON: To fast-track the mass rapid transit projects in state and for better coordination with Delhi Metro for its extension to the NCR cities, the Haryana government made the formal appointment of managing director (MD) for the Haryana Mass Rapid Transport Corporation Ltd (HMRTC). Considering the role that the state's industrial agency HSIIDC will play in this crucial venture since the MRTS stretches would connect future industrial townships, HSIIDC managing director Rajiv Arora has been given the additional job. Arora could not be contacted since he is out of the country.\"The reasoning behind the establishment of HMRTC is to ensure better coordination with all agencies. We are hopeful of extending Delhi Metro from Faridabad to Ballabhgarh and similarly from Gurgaon to Manesar. While these projects will need coordination with DMRC we have to talk to the Railways and Union urban development ministry for the rapid rail corridors,\" said a senior government official.The two priority rapid rail corridors will cover portions of Haryana in the NCR. The first stretch will be from Delhi to Panipat and the second one will be between the national capital and Alwar.Moreover, the chief minister has announced the plan to lay an orbital corridor in the NCR to improve connectivity across the region. \"There is a huge task before this new agency. The MRTS between Delhi airport and Bawal has already been finalized. If industrialization in NCR pushed the state economy, now we need to focus on transportation and connectivity,\" said an industry department official.The HMRTC will have a corpus in which the state government will have 51% share, HUDA with 29% and HSIIDC will have 20% ownership.The government has already approved a corpus of Rs 100 crore for the company which would include paid-up capital of Rs 10 crore.The office of the company would be located either in Gurgaon or Panchkula. It would carry on the work of planning, designing, development, maintenance and operation of mass transit and other urban transport on its own or in association with other undertakings or agencies through a turnkey contract. It would also be involved in building new transit routes and providing all infrastructural facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "13143237", "title": "17-year-old who witnessed his mother raped burnt alive", "text": "NAWADA: Mother's Day proved to be a catastrophic day for the 50-year-old mother, Karuna Devi, of Garobigha village under Narhat police station of Rajauli subdivision in Nawada district, when her 17-year- old son, Chintu, was allegedly set ablaze by the same people who had been charged with allegedly gang-raping her in 2005.Chintu was to depose as a witness at the Nawada civil court on Monday in his mother's rape case, but was locked in his house and set on fire on Sunday evening while Karuna Devi was away. Incidentally, Karuna's another teenage daughter had died due to severe burn injuries 10 years ago.According to Saifur Rahman , Rajauli SDPO, Karuna Devi was deserted by her husband, Anjani Singh, some 20 years ago, leaving Karuna to fend for herself and her children. Presently, she is survived by a son and daughter after the ghastly death of Chintu and the daughter.Narhat police station SHO Nand Kishore Singh said that property dispute with her husband's brothers was the root cause of Karuna's never-ending tragedy. She had charged her two \"bhainsurs (husband's elder brothers)\", Kishori Singh and Dayanand Singh, besides Nityanand Singh, her \"devar (husband's younger brother)\", and one of her \"bhainsur's son\" of raping her in year 2005. However, subsequent investigations conducted by the investigating officer (IO), the then SDPO's supervision report as well as the then Nawada SP's report II (4206/2006) found the allegation false, added the SHO.Nawada's present SP Surendra Lal Das informed TOI on Monday afternoon that Karuna Devi had cooked up her rape theory and added that her son, Chintu, attempted suicide by setting himself ablaze while he was locked in the house by her mother. He added that Chintu was mentally unsound and her mother used to lock him up in the house whenever she ventured out of her house. The SP further said that when neighbours found smoke emanating from inside the house, they broke open the lock, but Chintu died at the sadar hospital in course of treatment a few hours later.The SHO stated that all the nine persons, charged by Karuna Devi with setting Chintu ablaze, were on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13142182", "title": "Now, 20% degree seats for G2CET candidates", "text": "PANAJI: Noticing a rise in the number of students appearing for the G2CET for direct admissions to second year of the engineering and pharmacy degree courses, the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has decided that 20% degree course seats should be made available for these students instead of the earlier 10%.\"Last year, around 350 students appeared for the G2CET which is conducted for diploma and BSc degree holders to get direct admissions to second year degree courses in engineering and pharmacy. The number of those appearing for the exams has been going up with 490 appearing for G2CET this year. So from this year on, 20% of the seats will be available to those answering G2CET instead of the earlier 10%,\" director for technical education, Vivek Kamat, told mediapersons on Monday.Of the 1050 seats available for engineering and pharmacy degree courses in Goa, now 210 seats will be kept for those clearing the G2CET.The G2CET for admissions to direct second year of degree courses was held on May 11, 2012 at two centres in the state - Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, Panaji and Fr Agnel Multipurpose Higher Secondary School, Verna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142527", "title": "Government approves relief plan for rape victims", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government on Monday approved a comprehensive compensation scheme for victims of rape, acid attacks, human trafficking, child abuse and kidnapping. It has decided to set aside Rs 15 crore, to begin with, for the scheme that was formulated by the Union home ministry.According to the provisions of the scheme a rape victim will get compensation of Rs 2-3 lakh within two months of the crime. In case of death, a maximum compensation of Rs 5 lakh and a minimum of Rs 3 lakh will be given to the family of the victim.An acid-attack victim will be given compensation in the range of Rs 2-3 lakh in case of disfigurement of the face, while other victims will get Rs 50,000. Victims of human trafficking, child abuse and kidnapping will be given compensation of Rs 50,000. The scheme also envisages providing Rs 20,000 for rehabilitation of the victims.The new scheme has been formulated after addition of a new provision - section 357-A - in the code of criminal procedure (amendment) Act, 2008.The Act lays down that every state, in coordination with the central government, shall prepare a scheme for providing funds for the purpose of compensation to the victim or his dependents who have suffered loss or injury as a result of the crime and who require rehabilitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13143492", "title": "PM wife\u2019s sister dies of cancer", "text": "LUDHIANA: Thananter Kaur, the elder sister of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's wife Gursharan Kaur, passed away after a long illness on Monday morning. She was 85.Thananter was suffering from liver cancer for almost a year. She had lost her son and husband recently due to the same scourge. She is survived by two daughters.Thananter's health deteriorated on May 2, following which she was rushed to Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) around 12.30am on May 3. Since then, Thananter had been undergoing treatment in the hospital's ICU.According to hospital sources, there was bleeding in her intestine when she was brought to the hospital. Due to her old age, it was difficult to perform a surgery. She breathed her last at 5.45am on Monday. Gursharan had visited the city hospital on May 3 to see her sister. However, she could not make it to the funeral. At Thananter's residence in Dyal Nagar, only a few close relatives gathered to pay their last tributes. Her brother Jaspal Singh had come from Delhi to attend the funeral at the Civil Lines cremation ground.Thananter's son-in-law, Charankamal Singh, said, \"She was already aware of her approaching death and had got a suit stitched for her last day. Religious ceremonies usually performed after one's demise were carried out by her in advance while she was still alive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13144171", "title": "The New-Age old-age homes", "text": "Have you wondered how you will spend your retirement years? Retirement Village is an attractive option where the village comes with all modern amenities as well as security . In retirement villages, residents tend to buy their own home and retain their independence, unlike in a retirement home.\"I retired without compromising on my independence,\" says R Sankar, a permanent resident of Suvidha (Sushruta Vishranthi Dhama) Retirement Village. One of the eight permanent residents of the state-ofthe-art cottages in the village, this 79-year-old retired professor of computer science owns a swanky cottage . He stays with his wife, Padmavathy Sankar, 75.\"It was a friend who referred this place to us. We had always wanted to retire gracefully and after looking at many retirement homes, finally zeroed down on this,\" says Sankar, who was with IIT Kanpur and IISc till he retired from the University of Pune in 1992. The couple got married in 1960 and stayed in Bangalore for close to 20 years starting 1957. \"We had a happy association with the city and wanted to come back here,\" says Padmavathy. With both sons pursuing successful careers in San Francisco , they were on the lookout for a secure place and they found that at Suvidha.\"There is a sense of ownership here. I own this cottage and we are all stakeholders in this ambitious project,\" says Sankar.Retirement homes, a popular concept in the West, is beginning to find a market in India. Changing social dimensions , fading joint families and financial independence are some factors that are contributing to the trend. It offers independence, community and security.GK Raju, 84, is all for retirement villages. Having served as MD of two Tata Group companies in his prime, Raju decided to move to Suvidha 20 months ago - their son is settled in Bangalore. The Rajus were bowled over by the peace and no-pollution zone. \"We are not financially dependent on our son, so why should we stay with him? We love our space as much as youngsters do, we meet up often,\" says Raju. He and his wife Lalita Raju, 78, are content leading an independent life.Similar is the story of Ashok, 74, and Dr Lakshmi Dey, 77. One of the early couples to move into the village in 2010, their only son is in the US for almost 30 years. \"I skype with my 10-year-old granddaughter thrice a week and my son is my best friend. We never felt the need to stay with them. We meet up once a year. We have lived our life the way we wanted to, now it's their turn,\" says Ashok Dey. He is the director and CEO of the village.\"People mostly complain of diabetes and hypertension. But by and large people enjoy good health,\" says Lakshmi Dey, the resident doctor. So is this not an oldage home? \"Oh, please, don't call this an old-age home, it would be highly unfair, this is a retirement village,\" insists Lakshmi.It is conceptualised by Dr KS Shekar, currently the chairman of Suvidha. This eminent plastic surgeon , founder chairman of Bangalore Hospital, South End Circle, Bangalore , is also a permanent resident of the village. This unique 'assisted living' facility is the joint effort of a handful of doctors of Bangalore Hospital . Nearly 70% of the investors in the company, therefore, are from the medical profession.The village idea was born when the doctors found that many of their elderly patients who seemed to have no particular physical ailments suffered from the 'Empty nest' syndrome - almost all of them had children who had moved away to other countries or cities. And with the joint-family system not a feature of urban living any more, the effects of that syndrome had become even more acute. Hence, the doctors decided to set up Suvidha.Swanky VillageIt is located in the green belt outside Bangalore. The company acquired 31 acres of land and the current project is located on 27 acres off Kanakapura Road. At least one member of a twosome who wishes to be 'permanent residents' has to be 55 years old. The construction of the first stage, comprising 192 cottages, is complete. Of the 192 cottages built, 161 have already been allotted to 133 shareholders. It consists of single dwelling units, each measuring 840 sq.ft. A shareholder needs to purchase 15,000 shares of the company to qualify for the allotment of one dwelling unit. These qualifying shares are currently priced at 4 category levels - the categories depending on the location of the particular dwelling unit and the view it offers. A monthly maintenance charge of Rs 5,000 for a single dwelling unit has to be paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143138", "title": "Home ministry upset with MEA for European envoys\u2019 visit to Nagaland", "text": "NEW DELHI: The home ministry on Monday strongly objected to the visit of a group of ambassadors from European countries to Nagaland without taking 'security clearance' and asked the ministry of external affairs to explain under what circumstances it took a 'unilateral' decision in permitting the visit.The home ministry, which gives 'mandatory' security clearance to foreign teams to visit sensitive northeastern states, also raised concern on the delegation meeting members of different political parties, civil society and non-government organizations.Home secretary R K Singh is learnt to have conveyed the concern to foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai when the latter talked to him on the phone and explained the situation with an assurance that the delegation would stick to its 'itinerary'. Mathai spoke to Singh on Monday evening following the protest lodged by the home ministry during the day.An eight-member delegation comprising European Union (EU) ambassador to India Joao Cravinho and diplomats/ambassadors of Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Finland, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia is on its three-day visit to Nagaland.The delegation, which is on a 'familiarization' trip, is expected to explore opportunities of investment in the state as part of ongoing efforts to enhance India-EU cooperation in various fields including trade. During the visit, members of the delegation are supposed to meet only officials, ministers, chief minister and governor.Deviating from its 'official' plan, the delegation, however, on Monday met representatives of tribal organizations and civil society and leaders of Naga Hoho among others and is learnt to have discussed with them the ongoing peace process in the northeastern state. This drew objection from the home ministry.Officials in the ministry believe such meetings could lead to sharing of information inimical to the country's interests as Nagaland is an insurgency-hit state. Besides, sources said, several vested interests were trying to \"internationalize\" the vexed Naga issue and they may try to exploit the diplomats' visit to highlight it in Europe.Under the normal practice, the ministry of external affairs (MEA) informs the home ministry and gets 'security clearance' before giving such permission.\"But in this case, the MEA has taken unilateral decision. It was the duty of the external affairs ministry to take us into the loop as and when foreign delegation approaches it for such permission,\" said a senior home ministry official.MEA sources, however, said, \"In all such visits, necessary process is ensured and coordination is ensured amongst all concerned organizations and ministries.\"Not convinced with the MEA's explanation, officials in the home ministry said the MEA should issue a 'note verbale' to the envoys seeking clarifications on their meetings with people other than state government functionaries.Officials referred to the existing practice of taking prior permission not only by foreigners but also by Indians in three northeastern states - Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram - under 'Inner-line' Permit and 'Restricted Area' Permit schemes.Anyone visiting Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram is required to take Inner-line Permit while citizens of China, Pakistan and Myanmar have to apply for Restricted Area Permit (RAP). Inner-line Permit is granted by the state government while the RAP is accorded by the state government with due clearance from the home ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13144229", "title": "Cops unaware of topography of area of posting, feels Uttar Pradesh election commissioner", "text": "VARANASI: State election commissioner (SEC) SK Agrawal is dissatisfied with the preparations being made by the police to ensure free and fair local body elections in the state.After reviewing the preparations of the local body elections at the meetings with officials of Varanasi and Mirzapur divisions at the monitoring hall of divisional commissioner office on Monday Agrawal said: \"The SSPs and SPs in most of the districts have been posted recently and many of them are even unaware about the topography and ground realities of their districts. They have been directed to complete this exercise in a day or two as more delay cannot be afforded.\"He said as per the orders of the Supreme Court, the process of local body election for municipal corporations, Nagar Palika Parishad and Nagar Panchayat have to be completed by June end at any cost. Despite this fact, he said that the men in khaki had not succeeded in ensuring satisfactory progress in the exercises assigned to them. He said that neither the preventive action was satisfactory nor the process of identification of sensitive and highly sensitive polling stations is realistic.How 90% polling booths of any municipal area can be termed as sensitive and highly sensitive, asked Agrawal making it clear that the police in all districts would have to make fresh exercise in order to desensitize the polling booths by initiating necessary action. He said the problems of trouble marred districts like Maoist affected districts of Sonbhadra, Mirzapur and Chandauli can be realized but declaring maximum polling booths as sensitive or highly sensitive in other districts can't be justified.He said no demand for Central Paramilitary Forces (CPMF) would be made for the local body elections in the state. He said own resources of the state government would be utilised to conduct the election. He said the format of election for holding polling in three-four phases in each division has been prepared to avoid seeking help of CPMF. At a time the polling would take place only in one district of any divisions, he said adding that the force of entire division would be deployed in same district on the polling day. Agrawal said the police had been asked to complete the exercise of preparing the list of sensitive and highly sensitive districts, making efforts to desensitize the sensitive polling booths and initiating preventive action against those who can cause disturbance during the poll process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13142660", "title": "Unhappy farmers go on rampage", "text": "NOIDA: After the Allahabad high court rejected the review petition of villagers in Noida Extension, a small section of farmers unhappy with the order went on a rampage targeting projects of several builders. Other farmers were, however, happy that the Allahabad high court had turned down the plea made by the Greater Noida Authority in its review petition to not dole out hiked compensation and developed plots to non-ancestral lands of villagers.Soon after news of the order reached Noida Extension, some agitated farmers took to the streets and targeted under-construction properties of developers. They blocked traffic at the Gol Chakkar in Noida Extension for a few hours. The angry crowd was dispersed following police intervention. \"After getting news about farmers agitating in the region, we reached the spot and our officials managed to quell the agitation,\" said SP (Rural), Ashok Kumar.The police informed that no case has been filed into the incident of violence. \"We are likely to register a case into the matter,\" Kumar added.Farmers' counsel, Pankaj Dubey, informed that after facing rejection from the high court, where they had sought land to be given back to farmers, they would now challenge the October 21 verdict in the Supreme Court.Other sections of farmers have expressed happiness over the fact that the plea made by Greater Noida Authority, vide its review petition, in which it had expressed its inability to pay hiked compensation and developed plots to all farmers has been turned down. The Authority had asked for relief from the high court in granting it order to pay compensation and plots only to those farmers who had 'ancestral lands' in the region as against 'non-ancestral lands' belonging to those who are not originally from the region but own land in different villages.\"The Authority had been trying to make a difference between ancestral and non-ancestral land in the region in giving compensation to farmers,\" said Ranveer Pradhan, president of a farmers' organization, Grameen Panchayat Morcha. \"Not only was the Authority shy of giving any developed plots in lieu of acquiring 'non-ancestral' lands, they had also been paying 10% less compensation to owners of such lands. It is a matter of great satisfaction that farmers across the board are eligible to get 64% hiked compensation and 10% developed plots now that the high court has upheld its original order delivered on October 21,\" said Pradhan.The Grameen Panchayat Morcha said that there is a vast amount of land in the Noida Extension region which the Authority had classified as 'non-ancestral'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143986", "title": "Govt to set up RTI site, call centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Encouraged by usage of the provisions of the Right to Information Act, the government has decided to set up a stateof-the-art call centre and an interactive website to facilitate easy exchange of information related to the transparency law to citizens.The project was envisaged after taking insights from a government study which highlighted inconvenience faced by citizens in exercising their rights to information.According to a department of personnel and training (DoPT) official, RTI call centre and portal project is aimed at improving access for illiterate and rural citizens with the help of information and communication technology.As per the proposal, a selected agency will set up, operate and maintain RTI call centre to facilitate voice calls, SMS and Inter Voice Response System managed calls; develop, provisioning of data centre disaster recovery services and training to government personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141577", "title": "IED seizure, Naxal encounter keep Gondia commandos on their toes", "text": "NAGPUR: The C-60 commandos from Gondia were kept on their toes on Monday as they ran into Naxals in two incidents. Though no casualties were reported from both camps, there was daylong drama at both places in the district.The commandos recovered, defused and seized an Improvised Explosive Devise (IED) planted on Istari-Dhamditola Road near a bridge. In another incident, three Naxals managed to sneak away into the forest after narrowly escaping an ambush laid by commandos on the road between Daldal Kuhi and Wanjari.The IED weighing 20kg with four detonators was retrieved by the Gondia commandos following specific information. The IED was buried around a couple of feet below the tarred road surface.Sources said that the IED, which had sulphur and nitrate based yellow mixture, was planted the day Istari village sarpanch Ghanshyam Koretti was shot dead by Naxals. Koretti's body was found a short distance away from where the IED was found.The area is in the jurisdiction of armed out post (AOP) at Ganutola under the Chichgarh police station. It is learnt that the security forces had lost one man last year in an encounter with the Naxals close to the place where the IED was found.It is surmised that the Naxals had placed the IED on the Istari-Dhamditola Road after killing Koretti with the intention of blowing up the convoy of security forces that would arrive to retrieve the body. The Naxal ploy failed as the cops took a detour to recover the body.However, information of the IED reached the police, who immediately started an operation in the area. A police officer said that the IED was powerful enough to blow up a van.Deputy inspector general of police Ravindra Kadam, in-charge of Gadchiroli-Gondia Naxal range, said that the security forces had pressed into action a combined force of Gadchiroli and Gondia commandos in the border zone after the killing of the sarpanch. \"We had started increasing pressure on them,\" he said.While the Gondia police tasted success in recovering the powerful IED, success eluded them in Darekasa, where they had laid a trap for Naxals after getting specific information. Superintendent of police, Gondia, Chandra Kishor Mina said that three civilians had come in between the commandos and Naxals, which compelled the security forces to exercise restraint.\"We had information that three Naxal cadres on a bike and another on a separate two-wheeler were coming from Daldal Kuhi village and heading to Wanjari. Our commandos had reached a tri-junction and laid a trap, but three civilians happened to enter the zone from another direction, forcing our personnel to hold fire,\" said Mina. The skirmish took place in the area under the Darekasa AOP, which is considered a Naxal hotbed.It is learnt that the three Naxal cadres spotted the movement of the commandos, immediately turned around their bikes and slipped into deep jungle after leaving the roads with the commandos giving chase. Another biker, also suspected to be a Naxal cadre, was 100 meters away when he took a U-turn and fled.The Naxals fired at the commandos from their crude firearms. The exchange of fire continued for a brief moment but no one could be apprehended. \"The place had thick forest, which helped the Naxals to flee. We feel that a section of the civilians were helping the Naxals,\" said Mina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13142203", "title": "Mining engineering open to diploma holders", "text": "PANAJI: Engineering diploma holders in mining will now be allowed to join the degree course in mining engineering at Goa Engineering College (GEC) at Farmagudi, director for technical education Vivek Kamatsaid.\"The mining engineering course was started only last year at GEC with an intake of 30 seats. We have now increased the intake to 36 seats of which six will be available for diploma holders in mining engineering who have passed out from the course at the Bicholim polytechnic,\" Kamat said.Kamat said that mining being a major industry in Goa, the course at GEC has generated much interest as students had to earlier travel as far as Bihar to pursue a degree in mining engineering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13144020", "title": "Keep CBI scanner off ex-NDMC chief: Sheila Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit has made a strong intervention with Union home minister P Chidambaram on behalf of former NDMC chairman Parimal Rai, who is facing a CBI inquiry.The investigating agency wants to look into the role of Rai in a project related to NDMC's convention centre and had recently approached the home ministry for sanction under Section 6a of the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act. Rai, till recently Delhi's power secretary, is now posted in Goa. In a letter dated May 10, 2012, the chief minister wrote to Chidambaram, \"I would appreciate if the permission sought by the CBI to start investigation against the officer is not initiated in haste.\"The letter, titled \"To protect officers for taking bonafide decisions in larger public interest\", refers to a representation from Rai to her earlier in the day and asserts that \"a dynamic and sincere officer, who took initiative and showed exemplary performance, should not be made to suffer, especially as he has an unblemished track record of 27 years\". Sheila cites PM's call to guard able officersInvoking the Prime Minister, who recently stressed on \"the need for providing protection to such officers\", Dikshit refers to \"a number of inquiries being conducted against various officers who showed leadership and dedication in ensuring timely completion of the Commonwealth Games projects.\"Reflecting her stand on CAG's criticism of Games projects, she argues that execution of the projects had to be done on a war footing, especially because of delays in grant of approval to such projects on account of multiplicity of authorities under control of various government and local bodies and statutory bodies like the DUAC, ASI etc. \"Often quick decisions had to be taken by fast-tracking procedures,\" she says.The CBI wants to ask Rai about a contract worth Rs 16 crore related to civil and electrical works awarded by NDMC to a private company.Rai's letter, addressed to the chief minister, says they had to \"take decisive action while awaiting full due process to complete the projects.\" It says that while such inquiries may highlight some \"minor process deviations which were the need of the hour, the pernicious impact of initiating such an inquiry is far greater and demoralizing.\" The letter cautions that if permission for a probe against \"an upright officer working assiduously is given, it will lead to complete demoralization of the entire official machinery and will bring the administration to a standstill.\"Rai also claims credit for the growth in NDMC's reserves from Rs 2,400 crore to more than Rs 4,000 crore during his tenure and for various projects, including the renovation of Connaught Place.But his strongest pitch is on how \"after MCD refused\", he and his team camped for a month at the Games Village and got the 34 residential towers of DDA cleaned. This, he says, saved the country \"a lot of embarrassment\".He agrees that during events organized on such a big scale, \"some persons do take advantage and misuse the system, but the contribution of remaining majority cannot be undone and all officers should not be painted with the same brush.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141475", "title": "Enjoying breezy &amp; cooler summer this season", "text": "NAGPUR: A less summery summer in Rajasthan, rains and storms at the peak of the season. This year the changed wind pattern in the country has surprised even the weathermen. Infamous for its scorching heat, Nagpur also has experienced a summer less harsh than in most other years with the weather being cloudy on most days. In the next couple of days, however, one can expect the temperature to rise by a couple of degrees, say officials from the regional met department only to fall again later.Even after reaching the middle of May, temperatures in the city are yet to go beyond the 41 degree mark this month. The highest temperature of the season remains 43.2 degrees Celsius, which was experienced in the last days of April. After that the temperatures have been falling progressively. The situation was similar last year when the months of April and May were breezy and cooler, making it mildest summer in five years.\"The wind pattern has changed a lot this year. Normally, by this time of the year a low pressure belt forms in Rajasthan which has not happened so far. There still is a low pressure belt formed even as moisture-laden winds from the Arabian Sea blow towards Central India and rains are being experienced on both sides of this area - in the Northern part of the country as well as in Western and Southern parts,\" said an officer from the met department.As a result of clouding in the region, one can experience a rise in the minimum temperatures but not in the maximum temperatures, he added. That is the reason why one has woken up to a breezy and pleasant mornings that transform to sweltering afternoons on most days this month.The Indian Meteorological Department has already announced a normal monsoon in its long-range forecast for this year's south-west monsoon that is expected to hit the country's southern tip during the first week of June. However, the same prediction was made last year as well and though the coastal parts of the state received the monsoon showers on time, the city had to wait for some time before being able to enjoy the rainy season.In a couple of days' time, the temperature of the city may rise a couple of degrees higher reaching the normal average maximum temperatures, informed the officials. They also said that this rise would only be temporary as the temperature will soon begin to decrease afterwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13141739", "title": "College fined for charging extra fees", "text": "AKOLA: The Jamanlal Goenka College and Hospital at Babhulgaon Jahagir has been slapped with a fine of Rs 50,000 by the national consumer dispute redressal forum for charging extra fees from applicant, Dr Rahul Paras Maru of Indore.The forum headed by VB Gupta and member Vinay Kumar dismissed the appeal filed by the college management terming it as baseless and gross misuse of power.The college has been directed to deposit Rs 50,000 by way of a demand draft in the name of the 'Consumer Legal Aid Account of National Commission' by May 25, 2012. If the deadline is not met, interest @ 9% per annum will have to be paid, said the national forum.Dr Maru had approached the district consumer forum seeking justice for a fee refund of Rs 3,37,500 which was paid in excess.In his order, Premchand Mishrikotkar, head of the Akola district forum, had directed the college authorities to refund the excess fees with 6% interest amounting to Rs 50,000 for the period between January 16, 1998 and May 15, 2010.Aggrieved with the order, the college management appealed to the state forum which dismissed the application saying the fine cannot be condoned.The college management then went to the national commission which turned down the application and ruled in favour of Dr Maru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13144154", "title": "Doctors can't tell what killed Loitam", "text": "BANGALORE: His to pathological tests, too, have failed to establish the cause of Richard Loitam's death. Doctors say his body was decaying, and a delayed autopsy was the reason for inconclusive findings. The Manipur native was found dead in his hostel room near Madanayakanahalli, on Tumkur Road, on April 18. Postmortem and forensic tests on the visceral samples of Loitam, 19, a second semester student of Acharya NRV School of Architecture, Chikkabanavara, near Hesaraghatta, failed to zero in on the cause of his death. Loitam's death sparked nationwide outrage, with northeast students staging demonstrations across the country and alleging that the boy was a victim of racism.In the histopathological test report handed over to Madanayakanahalli police , Victoria Hospital's pathology department head Dr AR Raghupathy stated that \"it was too late\" to reach conclusions , given that specimens were collected from Loitam's body after 'autolysis ' (decay of tissues) had set in.Autolysis can obscure the causes that lead to death, a source at Victoria Hospital forensic medicine department said, adding that the postmortem was conducted immediately after the body was received at the hospital morgue. The source added that all through the procedure, the deceased student's relatives were waiting outside the mortuary.'' After a thorough dissection during postmortem, doctors removed internal organ parts for histopathological tests,\" the source said, and disclosed that the body had already started decaying as there was a delay on the part of the police in getting it to the mortuary . '' We had kept the body in freezer section box No 5 in the mortuary, to avoid any further decay,'' the source explained.Police, however, denied they were responsible for any delay. '' There was no mistake on our part. After receiving the complaint, we commenced our procedures. But there was a delay in filing a complaint, which might have affected the forensic process. We'll have to ask the college authorities about the delay,\" a senior police officer said. Though Loitam was found dead in his bed in the afternoon, the complaint was filed only at 6.30pm.According to police, the student's body was shifted to the mortuary only on April 19. Postmortem was conducted the next day. But the report had failed to establish the exact cause of his death, and visceral samples and body part specimens had been forwarded for further forensic and histopathological tests.The Forensic Sciences Laboratory, Madiwala, too, failed to ascertain the exact cause of Loitam's death.What HappenedApril 16:Richard Loitam meets with an accident while riding a bike. Though severely injured, he gets outpatient treatment in hospital, and returns to his hostel roomApril 17:The hostel inmates are watching the telecast of an IPL cricket match late in the evening. Loitam, a football lover, changes the channel, and there is a commotion. He is beaten up by other students, particularly Vishal Banerjee and Syed Afzal Ali. Punched on his face, Loitam returns to his room. Police later claim the fight was because Loitam had used Vishal's bike, which had been damaged in the accident the previous day. Loitam is seen watching a movie on his laptop later that night.April 18:Loitam's roommates find him lying in front of the laptop around 1.30 pm. Alerted by the students, the warden finds Loitam bleeding from his nose. The hostel doctor declares Loitam dead.How He DiedThe postmortem and forensic tests have identified clots in Loitam's brain but failed to identify whether he died of injuries in his brain during the accident, or the punches delivered by his hostelmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13142387", "title": "Why not go for 3-tiers and NFA shortlist?", "text": "Yes, 185 and counting. That's the number of features entered for the 59th National Film Awards. \"And the count can only rise,\" I&B; minister Ambika Soni said last week, \"since digital technology has made it easier to make films at lower budgets.\" Romesh Sharma, who chaired the Non-feature jury, foresees exponential growth in numbers, experimentation, complexity of documentaries. So how should I&B; gear up to crown the future Bests in Indian cinema?From its inception in 1954, a composite jury would view all the entries and award the Silver and Golden Lotuses. Through 1970s, 80s, 90s the count of films kept rising, as did the categories, thanks to environmental awareness, special effects, costumes, background score, adapted screenplay, dialogue, make-up... The jury then started filtering them in smaller groups, identifying potential winners before the entire jury took a collective call. However, the viewing process became a major exercise since members from across India were required to stay in Delhi for 15 days, three weeks, even a month.Even so, until three years ago the single jury system prevailed. Five three-member groups would shortlist films that were then viewed by the full jury. But since eminent names found it more and more difficult to carve out time, a committee headed by Phalke winner Shyam Benegal recommended the 2-tier system. Now, five juries - East, West, North, South I and South II - shortlist the entries from the regions. A central jury comprising the five regional chairpersons, plus five new members, meet under the grand chairperson to award the Best.Sounds perfect? Problems usually arise on two counts. The different regions do not profess the same standard of filmmaking. But every region must shortlist only a third of the total entries! This leads to a major filmmaking centre like Bengal, for instance, leaving out efforts that deserve a fighting chance while, say, North - with fewer films being made in Punjabi, Dogri, Haryanvi or Bhojpuri - could award single entries as the Best in that language.\"It's more critical that the preliminary jury members don't get to defend their selection,\" says Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury, who felt he was rendered redundant after the first round (2009). And, since East comprises Bengali, Assamese, Manipuri and Oriya, with Tripura popping up occasionally, the representation can become 'reservation.'This had led Pinaki Choudhuri to leave the final meeting in 2010. \"My lone voice representing East was completely ignored by the central jury. So I quietly retired without making public statements,\" he said to TOI. Subsequently the number was raised to two - this year Alokananda Roy and Hiren Bora were there from Bengal and Assam but the Tollygunge actress was defending the South I (Tamil &amp; Malayalam) panel which she'd chaired in the first round. It was left to Malayalam director K P Kumaran to take Ranjana, Abosheshey, Laptop and Noukadubi to the winning line.Interestingly A S Kanal, who chaired the South II panel (Telugu &amp; Kannada), has proposed a three-tier system \"to do justice to the growing numbers,\" he explained. Taking a cue from him this writer - who has been in the feature jury thrice, including this year - details the 3-tier format.1. Three-member juries select the cream of the five regions. 2. Next, these chairpersons, along with five new names, nominate three films each for every award. The nominations are then made public, much like the Oscar shortlist. This would give mileage to the films and also enhance the transparency. 3. Finally, five more jurors would join the third tier under a grand chairperson - preferably a Phalke winner - to declare the winners.This could make for continuity, transparency and National glory for a land that loves its cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13143928", "title": "Cops want all rental deals reported", "text": "MUMBAI: Every rental deal, including sub-lets , will have to be reported to the nearest police station following several high-profile crimes in the western suburbs. The police have also warned people entering into leave and licence agreements that they should update the police or face action.The deputy commissioner of police (operations) issued a temporary order effective from May 4, in which he told tenants, estate agents and landlords to report to the local police while entering into agreements for rental accommodation . The order will be valid for two months. On administrative grounds, the police issue such orders after regular intervals considering the threat perception. The order empowers the police to initiate action against defaulters.It states that terrorists/ anti-social elements may seek hideouts in residential areas and there is every likelihood of a breach of peace and disturbance of public tranquility, and also there is grave danger to human life, health and safety and injury to public property. The order says it is necessary that checks should be there on landlords/tenants so that terrorists/ anti-social elements in the guise of tenants \"may not cause explosions, riots and shoot-outs\" , and that immediate action is necessary for their prevention.The police officer said such orders have been in practice since long but for administrative reasons the DCP (operations ) has to issue such orders after regular intervals. The police have also told foreigners to furnish their name, nationality, passport and visa details to them.Last month, the police arrested gangster Vijay Palande along with three accomplices from Andheri in a double murder case. The accused lived in a posh building in Andheri (W) after providing police fake identity details. The gang's activities were exposed when two members killed a senior citizen in Oshiwara and a society resident noticed them committing the crime.A senior officer said that it was a preventive measure to curb criminal activities. \"In case a tenant is involved in criminal activities, their details help us to trace them. Very often after the offence we spend few days to collect basic details of the suspect as they didn't provide details to the housing society and police\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13141897", "title": "Two girls abandoned by kin near Kalupur railway station", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Childline officials, an NGO, rescued two girls abandoned by their parents near Kalupur railway station on Sunday and have started a search for their parents with help from the police officials.Childline officials said they got a call on Sunday evening about two girls found wandering around the mosque area near railway lines outside Kalupur station. A team of volunteers rushed to the spot and took the girls to the Government Railway Police (GRP) at Kalupur railway station.\"We questioned the girls when we got to know that they were Hetal, (4) and Manisha, (1), sisters from a Devipujak family. They could not provide much detail about how they reached the spot but they said that their father was abusive and had taken them out. They don't remember anything else. We however have got strong breakthrough that the girls might belong to Nadiad district and were brought to the city by train. A team has been sent for verification on Monday,\" said a Childline official.Meanwhile, the girls have been sent to Mahipatram Rupram Ashram till their parents or relatives are found. Investigators said that the girls don't seem to have been abducted but investigation is on to verify facts. \"We have sent out photos and description of the girls to various police stations in the state,\" said a GRP official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "13144193", "title": "SP to protest govt's 'duality' on hate speech", "text": "MUMBAI : The Samajwadi Party willorganize a rally at Azad Maidan on Wednesday to protest against the government's alleged double standards in sanctioning prosecution of politicians for hate speeches .Metropolitan magistrate Saja shree Gharat sentenced five leaders , including the SP's state president and MLA Abu Asim Azmi , on April 30 to two years ' jail for making a hate speech at a rally in Nagpada in 2000.Thefive were let off after they paid fines and personal sureties .\"Our leader and four others were convicted under sections 153 A (inciting communal passions ), 153 B (making imputations and assertions prejudicial to national integration ) and 153 (wantonly causing provocation with the intent to cause riot ) of the IPC. While we are complying with the court's order , we condemn the state's double standards in sanctioning prosecution of leaders like Bal Thackeray and the MNS's Raj Thackeray ,\" said Abdul Qadir Chaudhury , SP'sspokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13145556", "title": "Power crisis persists in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: An electric transformer blasted in the distribution network department of Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) on Sunday night leading to an electricity crisis in the plant and township.However, the power supply inside the plant was restored soon after the incident to save production loss, but the township is still reeling under power crisis with repairing work yet to be completed. Frequent power cuts have made life miserable for the residents when temperature outside is touching 42 degrees.Chief of communication BSL, Sanjay Tiwari said that a flash in the transformer has affected the power supply line of Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC), which disrupted power supply. However the problem leading to transformer breakdown has not been ascertained yet. The restoration work is on and power supply would be normalized soon.The power problem has affected residents of Chas township. The demand raised by the people for adequate power supply have fallen on deaf ears of officials concerned as power crisis has been persisting for the past four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13142580", "title": "Kochi residents embrace terrace farming", "text": "KOCHI: Giving thrust to organic farming and self-reliance in vegetable cultivation, a terrace vegetable farming initiative was inaugurated here on Monday.Jointly organized by the Ernakulam District Agricultural Society, Horticultural Society, Ernakulam District Resident Association's apex council, residents association apex council and the Vegetable and Fruit Promotion Council Keralam ( VFPCK), the programme was inaugurated by district collector Sheikh Pareeth.Nearly 2,50,000 seedlings were distributed in the city. The aim is to distribute seedlings to 500 families before Friday. The second phase, which aims to bring one lakh families under the programme, will be implemented in Tripunithura, Kakkanad, Maradu, Kalamassery and Thrikkakara.Organic methods will be used for this green endeavour, and though the primary experiment began in Kochi, people from Alappuzha and Thrissur can also join the initiative. As part of the drive, guidance will be given to people. There will also be a follow-up along with a 50% subsidy to select families. The implementation committee headed by the collector as chairman and the monitoring committee chaired by the joint director of agriculture and deputy director of horticulture will check the progress of the programme and make necessary amendments.\"Along with seedlings, booklets containing guidelines will also be distributed,\" said Radhakrishnan, secretary of Ernakulam District Agricultural Society.Giving thrust to organic farming and self-reliance in vegetable cultivation,the terrace vegetable farming initiative was held in Kochi on Monday. Jointly organized by the Ernakulum district agricultural society, horticultural society, Ernakulum district resident associations apex council (EDRAC), resident association apex council Ernakulum (RACe) and the Vegetable and Fruit Promotion Council Keralam (VFPCK), the event aims to distribute seedlings to select families.The programme was inaugurated by district collector Sheikh Pareedh and around 2,50,000 seedlings were distributed. Around 500 families will be provided with seedlings before Friday and the second phase of the event aims to bring 1 lakh families under this programme. City areas will be covered in the first stage and then plan will be implemented in Trippunithara, Kakkanad, Marad, Kalamaserry and Thrikkakara later. Only organic methods will be used for this green endeavour and though the primary experiment begins in Kochi, people from Alappuzha and Thrissur can also join.As part of the drive, guidance will be given to people and there will be follow-up too along with a 50 per cent subsidy to chosen families. The implementation committee headed by the collector as chairman and the monitoring committee chaired by the joint director of agriculture and deputy director of horticulture will check the progress of the programme and make necessary amendments. Along with the seedlings, booklets containing guidelines for the programme will also be distributed, said Radhakrishnan, secretary of district agricultural society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13141997", "title": "Day One: Over 22K engineering, pharmacy forms sold", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students who have passed HSC (science) queued up outside the designated branches to collect the forms for admission in engineering, pharmacy and other professional courses on the first day of form distribution on Monday. Officials said 22,409 forms were sold on the first day. Last year, 7,000-odd more forms were sold on the first day of admissions.Officials said that forms will be sold till June 4. On Monday, 4,838 students logged into the computer using the PIN number provided along with the admission booklet to fill the form online. A total 1,529 students filled the form online and registered themselves. A good 67 students completed the entire process by also submitting the detailed documents at the helpline centers.Officials said that 75-odd helpline centers have been set up all over the districts in Gujarat. In LD Engineering College, which has witnessed serpentine queues in its campus when parents and students queued up to buy forms in the past, saw only seven students registering themselves and submitting their documents.The Central Board of Secondary Education result is expected to be declared on May 24 or 25. Officials said that the students can buy forms now or later after the result as the forms will be available from designated bank till June 4.Member of Admission Committee for Professional Courses M N Patel said that students are urged to pay extra attention to ensure that details in the online forms is correct and that documents are submitted at the helpline centers. \"In absence of valid documents, the admission forms will be declared invalid,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13142628", "title": "No more water woes for Chulannur peacocks", "text": "THRISSUR: Hereafter peacocks in the Chulannur Peacock Protection Centre will not have to wander around the villages nearby in search of water. The wildlife authorities have set up 50 small water tanks in the park to enable these birds to quench thirst.\"During summer, the birds used to go to nearby villages in search of water and food. But now with the tanks being filled regularly, the peacocks here can be seen near these tanks most of the time,\" said Shajikumar Y M, wildlife warden, Peechy. He is in-charge of the Chulannur Park.Spread across Thrissur and Palakkad districts, the 342-hectare bird sanctuary harbours many species of plants and butterflies that are endemic to the area. This is the second sanctuary in the country dedicated exclusively to the national bird.Farmers in the area have been complaining about peacocks attacking paddy fields in search of food and water. The directorate of the principal agriculture office in Palakkad has estimated that about 1,900 hectares of agriculture land in Palakkad district alone is vulnerable to peacock attacks.in the last financial year. The data was generated as part of an exercise to assess the extent of man-wild animal conflict in the district.\"We are yet to find a solution to the food scarcity in the park. We hope to develop the ecology of the park in the next 10 years. A master plan on this will be submitted soon,\" said Shajikumar.\"There is an increase in the number of peacocks in the centre. We are planning to carry out a census later this year,\" he said. In the census in 2009, the authorities had counted 67 peacocks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13142860", "title": "104 suicides in 4 months and counting", "text": "GURGAON: According to the records of the Gurgaon district police, the entire region has seen as many as 104 cases of suicide in the first four months of the year 2012. These, apart from the attempt to suicide cases in the district.On Monday morning, one more case of suicide came to light when an 18-year-old maid jumped to her death from a high-rise in Gurgaon. This once again shows how the city is turning into a \"suicide hub\", with at least one person taking such an extreme step every 36 hours.According to the Gurgaon police commissioner, K K Sindhu, it has been seen that the maximum number of people who have committed suicide is in the age group of 20 to 30. \"Amongst the urban population, there are largely two main concerns which drive people to take this extreme step - souring of interpersonal relations between family members/couples, etc or financial distress due to a job or business loss,\" said Sindhu.When asked how the police tackle such cases, Sindhu said that all cases of unnatural death need detailed investigations which include recording of statements, collecting of evidence, checking of postmortem reports, etc to rule out foulplay.In cases where the reason for suicide is not clear, the investigating officer is instructed to register cases of abetment or dowry deaths under the relevant section depending on circumstantial evidence, relatives' versions, suicide notes, etc.According to Dr Sayra Ansari, a psychiatrist at Colombia Asia hospital and a consultant at various city schools, there could be various causes for someone to take such an extreme step starting from loneliness, acute depression to low self esteem and parental squabbles.\"Suicides can be either planned or a spontaneous act. While it is almost impossible to help spontaneous cases, a regular check on behavioural pattern can actually prevent planned suicides,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13143276", "title": "Youths' intervention a must for state's development: CM Oommen Chandy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Evolvement of a consensus over and above political motives is essential for turning the state's dreams about comprehensive development into a reality. Youngsters in the state could contribute significantly to evolve this much needed consensus, chief minister Oommen Chandy told a group of Youth Parliamentarians here.Interacting with the state-level winners of the School Youth Parliament competitions in 2010-11 and 2011-12 here on Monday, Chandy shared with the students his disappointment over the controversies that are associated with almost every developmental initiative taken by successive governments.The youth parliamentarians quizzed the chief minister on topics like the education sector and civic issues. There were also questions about how the CM manages his time and health. While one youngster wanted to know the secret behind chief minister's health, another student wanted to know why the government could not take any effective steps towards solid waste management.\"The major challenge for solid waste management is that we don't have a time tested model for the same. The government is now trying to find a solution to the problem through decentralized waste management and by adopting new technologies for the disposal of solid waste,\" he said.To a question, the CM said Kerala has several practical difficulties in implementing many directives stipulated in the National Right to Education Act passed by Parliament recently. As many as 20 winners in the competitions participated in the interaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13143701", "title": "Beijing rubbishes Dalai Lama\u2019s allegations", "text": "BEIJING: Beijing on Monday rubbished Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama's allegations that the Chinese government was plotting to poison him.The spiritual leader had a day earlier accused it of training female agents to approach him for blessing with poison in their hair and scarves.A Chinese foreign office spokesperson dismissed the allegations as \"sensational\" and \"groundless\". The spokesperson said the comments were \"not even worth refuting\".The state-run Global Times put out a story targeting the Dalai Lama over the remarks. \"If the central government wanted to eliminate the Dalai Lama, why has it waited for such a long time? Isn't it foolish to try and eliminate him at such an old age?\" it said. The newspaper said that modern China had never indulged in political assassination since its establishment in 1949.\"China is different from the United States , Russia , Israel and Turkey . He would never be given such liberty if he happened to be a citizen of any of these countries. Even if the Dalai Lama dies of a normal illness, the speculation would be that he was poisoned,\" said the Global Times.It quoted a Minzu University professor Xiong Kunxin saying that the Dalai Lama's followers may trigger disturbance ahead of the Communist Party of China's 18th National Congress to elect the country's new leaders including the president and the premier later this year. \"The clique may plot more separatist acts, such as instigating self-immolation and provoking violence,'' Kunxin said.In fact, the state media seemed to have been aware of the spiritual leader's fears three years back. \"When the Dalai Lama met with Tibetan people in the past, he blessed them by touching their heads. Today, he rarely does this as he suspects someone may have smeared poison on their heads,\" said the state-run People's Daily in its December 2009 dispatch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13142280", "title": "Harshal loses cool as Mumbai snatch improbable victory", "text": "BANGALORE: An ugly spat occurred between Bangalore bowler Harshal Patel and Mumbai batsman Ambati Rayudu in the IPL match between the two sides and the home team captain came in defence of his player.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | In PicsRayudu while celebrating Mumbai's win allegedly passed some comments on Patel that enraged the tall Bangalore medium pacer who tried to charge menacingly at the Mumbai batsman before his captain Virat Kohli physically stopped him.Kohli later said that there was no need for Rayudu to approach Patel and say a few words to him when his team had won the game.\"He (Rayudu) should have instead walked to the dug out and celebrated the win with his teammates. That sort of reaction was not needed,\" Kohli told reporters at post-match press conference.The spat happened after Kieron Pollard smacked the winning four off Chris Gayle in the last over.Kohli said that the ugly incident would not take sheen off the performance of Bangalore, saying that Mayank Agarwal batted brilliantly and hoped he showed the same form against Delhi.\"Mayank has delivered for us at few occasions but today was a very special day,\" Kohli said.Meanwhile, Pollard played down the Harshal-Rayudu spat by saying that Mumbai were an aggressive side and such incidents were part of cricket when far too many teams are battling it out to make to the playoffs.He, however, said that his team tried to patch up after the ugly event by shaking hands at the end of the game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142656", "title": "Help, aides rob West Delhi woman", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 52-year-old woman was held at knife point by her servant and two of his associates and cash and jewellery worth several lakhs looted from her in Moti Nagar area of the capital on Sunday.According to the victim Rajkumari Mittal, she was alone at her residence on Sunday evening when her two men pounced on her holding her at knife point.\"The accused demanded that her money and ornaments be handed over. She was allegedly slapped when she refused to do so. The accused then fled. The shocked victim then found out that her servant, Uma Shankar who has been employed with the family for the past four years, was also planning to leave the house. When asked, Shankar said that it was he who had let in two of his associates inside the house and planned the entire operation,'' said a police officer.\"Shankar was a resident of Madhupur in Bihar. One of his friends has been identified as Ganesh.,'' said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "13144394", "title": "Green nod for high-rises takes too long, says CM", "text": "MUMBAI : Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday expressed concern over pending environmental clearances for high-rise projects in the city . \"It has been found that the Union ministry of environment andforests (MoEF)hasbeen taking too much time in granting clearances to high-rises ,\" said Chavan.During his meeting with Union environment minister Jayanti Natarajan on May 7, Chavan had suggested the formation of three expert committees for the state . \"While one can take careof approvalsfor realestate projectsin Mumbai ,the second can clear realty projects in the rest of the state and the third can look into industrial and mining clearances ,\" Chavan said , adding he was willing to meetN atarajan again todiscuss the issue.Chavan said he had requested the Union minister to keep in abeyance a contentious notification which ruled that a high-rise can be permitted only on roads with a minimum widthof 30 m and required a fire brigade unit within a certain distance from the structure . \"I told the minister that if the notification is implemented , no high-rise construction would be permissible in a city like Mumbai ,\" Chavan said .Chavan plans to call on the minister to discuss the ambitious proposaltosetup a statue of Shivaji in the Arabian Sea . The chief minister said the Madhav Gadgil report on preservation of the ecology in the Western Ghats was yet to be discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143850", "title": "Rs 35cr seized from kin of Chiranjeevi in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The income tax department on Monday said it seized Rs 35 crore in cash during the searches conducted at the offices and residences of actor-politician Chiranjeevi's son-in-law Vishnu Prasad at Poes Garden and the offices of his father Siva Prasad on Friday and Saturday.According to a press release by income tax joint director Sanjay V Deshmukh, a group of persons involved in the businesses of granite, real estate , sugar and distillery was raided on Friday. Further investigation by the department resulted in the seizure of Rs 35 crore in cash from the bedroom attached to an office. The cash was neatly packed in 35 carton boxes, each containing Rs 1 crore in denomination of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000,itsaid.In all, Rs 35.66 lakh in cash was seized along with promissory notes to the tune of Rs 4 crore.The total worth of seized assets was Rs 39.66 crore. The income tax sleuths also seized several documents. One of the persons from whose house the cash was recovered admitted it was unaccounted money, the release said.Prasad, whose premises were raided, is married to Sushmita, the elder daughter of Chiranjeevi. The Telugu star has recently merged his Praja Rajyam Party with the Congress and is expected to get a Union cabinet berth. Earlier the actor denied news reports linking him with the raids and said they were aimed at maligning his image. He said he was a regular tax payer and was the recipient of the samman award given away by the income tax department to prompt tax payers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13142107", "title": "Revaluationrelief for engineering students", "text": "NASHIK: Many engineering students found respite after the results of the revaluation of their exam papers were declared online on Sunday at 8 pm. They were under tremendous pressure till then as their exams for the next year were to begin from Monday onwards.The re-examination for engineering students was conducted in December, the results of which were declared in March. After the results, many students had applied for revaluation and verification of their written papers. The results of the revaluation and verification have to be declared 15 days before the next year's exam. But till Saturday, the results were not declared leaving the students in thelurch since the exams for the engineering branch of all the years were scheduled from Monday onwards.On Saturday, youth congress workers protested at the divisional office of Pune University after they were denied answers to the students' queries. Regional Director, University of Pune, V B Gaikwad promised that the results of the revaluation and verification would be declared online by Sunday night so that the students could appear for their exams on Monday.\"On Sunday at 8 pm, the results of first and third year were declared online. Around 40-50 students out of those sent for revaluation could appear the exam on Monday since they had passed. But the result of revaluation of second and fourth year would be declared on Tuesday evening,\" informed Swapnil Patil, a volunteer.When contacted, V B Gaikwad assured that the results of second and third year would be declared as early as possible on Tuesday evening. He said that there were too many applications for revaluation which led to the delay.A source from the engineering faculty said that they had received as many as 90,000 applications from Nashik district.The authorities assured that the revaluation results would be declared before the exams of the respective years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142755", "title": "No storage space for bumper harvest, warns food ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Food Corporation of India (FCI) has warned that unless the government can distribute 750 lakh tonnes of food grain, there will be no storage space for the bumper harvest being currently procured, the food ministry told Rajya Sabha on Monday.The crisis of plenty has been engaging the government for a while as it is under pressure to distribute food grain to the poor or intervene in some manner to cool inflation and the FCI alarm provides the clearest indication of the scale of the problem.TOI had reported on the FCI notice that central and state storages would be overflowing by the beginning of June. The food ministry in a separate answer told Rajya Sabha that at present, a total storage capacity of 627 lakh tonnes exists with FCI and the states, of which 85% was used by the end of March.By the first week of June, there would be no space to store 12 million tonnes of food grain that is being procured with high minimum price and bonus offered by states boosting procurement to record levels.This 627 lakh tonnes include storage space in proper godowns and outside on plinths. Government standards require that food kept outside on plinths must be disposed of within a year to prevent them from deteriorating.The note had warned, \"It is clear that FCI and state agencies will be faced with unprecedented problem of shortage of storage capacity resulting in large stock of wheat in CAP (in the open) in Punjab, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh. It is also possible that substantial quantity may have to be stored in unscientific plinths.\"At current rates, the off take of grain under public distribution system is expected to be 88.11 lakh tonnes less than procurement. The FCI asked that 750 lakh tonnes of grains be offered to the states to distribute through PDS through the 2012-13 financial year.The government has been unable to take a call on further export of grains or distribution under PDS though the food ministry had mooted a proposal almost a month back. The decision was deferred at the GoM led by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee with concerns about the subsidy bill for the year overshooting budgeted levels.Following up, PM Manmohan Singh held a meeting with the food and agriculture ministers but the decision was deferred again to a committee chaired by PM's chief economic advisor C Rangarajan. A final call is yet to be taken.With stories of grain lying in the open in state godowns in Punjab already coming in and states like Madhya Pradesh complaining of shortage of gunny bags to pack the grain in, timely rains -- expected to hit Indian shores by the beginning of June -- is likely to only increase the government's headache.By beginning of June, 231 lakh tonnes of wheat is expected to be sitting out on plinths in just the three states of Punjab, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13142982", "title": "Orientation programme for Fulbright fellows", "text": "Seven recipients of Fulbright-Nehru scholarship and other Fulbright fellows from AP are undergoing an orientation programme in the city along with 126 other recipients from across India. The three-day programme is a pre-departure orientation for Indian recipients of the scholarships in order to educate them about the academic, social and cultural environment in the US and encourage them to perform the role of a cultural ambassador.Speaking at a press conference in the city on Monday, Adam J Grotsky, executive director of US - India Educational Foundation (USIEF), said, \"Hyderabad was a natural choice as the venue this year because every year we receive hundreds of applications from here\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13145773", "title": "Student's body still traceless", "text": "RANCHI: The body of 20-year-old Mohd Wasim, who had drowned in Dasam Falls on Sunday evening, is still traceless. Police had deployed three divers to search for the body but in vain.Wasim had accompanied six of his friends in a car to take a bath in the fall and went missing after he jumped into the water, Bundu DSP Nawsad Alam said. The deceased student was a resident of Hindpidhi in Ranchi.No FIR has, however, been lodged yet in this connection. The elder brother of the deceased, Mohd Arif, has claimed that his brother was killed.\"We will investigate accordingly after we see the body. We have not received any complaint yet,\" said the DSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13142737", "title": "Vayalar Ravi backs VS barb against Pinarayi", "text": "KANNUR: Minister for overseas Indian affairs Vayalar Ravi has said that V S Achuthanandan should stick to his view on the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan if he was honest about what he said the other day against CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan.\"When VS said that TP was a brave communist and questioned the stand of Pinarayi, I am sure he made those remarks after evaluating the entire developments,\" said Vayalar Ravi after visiting the house of TP in Onchiyam.\"The CPM is pressing the panic button to escape the protest of its cadres,\" he said, adding there is no doubt that this was a planned murder.\"Even the LDF constituents know that. The CPM cannot escape from the responsibility of the incident,\" he said. Vayalar Ravi said the central leadership of CPM is silent on the issue because party general secretary Prakash Karat is surviving on the support of Pinarayi.\"After he became the party secretary, the CPM lost power in two states, and the party leadership in West Bengal was opposed to him. It was the support of Pinarayi which helped him overcome the crisis,\" said Vayalar Ravi. Talking about the leadership crisis in the Congress in Kannur, he said a new DCC president would be named in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13143665", "title": "Cops clueless about recent spate of burglaries", "text": "COIMBATORE: Despite four major burglaries and two failed attempts in three consecutive days, police remain clueless about the gangs that decamped with more than 125 sovereigns of gold ornaments worth above Rs 10 lakh after targeting the homes of families on summer vacation. Fear grips residents of areas that have been hit. Many vacationers have cut short their holiday to avoid being targeted.According to Deputy Police Commissioner (Law and Order) T Senthil Kumar, special teams are engaged in a massive hunt to crackdown on the gangs and recover the stolen valuables. Night patrolling has been intensified in all major locations. More frequent vehicle checks are being conducted at key entry and exit points. Additional forces are deployed to detect suspicious movements during the night and early mornings. Police are now focusing on different sections including the migrant community, traditional local thieves, inter-state and inter-district operators.In a significant bid to capture the burglars, police have deputed sixty well-trained plainclothesmen to hide in those houses susceptible to burglary, sending the families on vacation. The men are trained in martial arts. This massive effort is being coordinated by senior officials of the Tamil Nadu Armed Police.Meanwhile, another sixty plainclothesmen have been deputed to patrol in residential localities like Saravanampatty, Ganpathy and Singanallur at night to track movement of criminal gangs. They will also interact with residents to gather information on suspected elements. Police continue to distribute pamphlets instructing on how to be safe and advising people to store valuables in bank lockers.The incidence of chain snatching has also increased. Most of these thefts happen in R S Puram. It was only recently, city police had formed 15 special teams to curb illegal and criminal activities including illegal lottery, illicit liquor, gambling and prostitution. However, there have been no visible results.Frequent raids to curb illegal activities apart from patrolling duties have also failed to bring about desired result. According to a senior officer, shortage of staff is hindering the collection of information on suspects. There is a shortage of staff in the crime police department. Officers are not motivated to achieve breakthroughs. Senior police officers should focus on high profile burglary and chain snatching cases, showing the way for the younger officers,'' he added.While the city's population has increased to 16 lakh, we have only 2,500 police personnel to protect them,'' points out another police officer.Measures in placeSixty well-trained plainclothesmen to hide in houses susceptible to attackSixty additional plainclothesmen to patrol crime-ridden areasNight patrolling intensified in all major locationsMore frequent checks at key entry and exit points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142496", "title": "Stab me in heart but don\u2019t doubt my integrity: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Monday kept up the pressure on home minister P Chidambaram over the alleged connection of his son Karti to the controversial Aircel-Maxis telecom deal that received foreign investment clearance when the minister held the finance portfolio.An emotional home minister reiterated that no member of his family \"have any equity at any time indirectly or directly or have any investment in any telecom company, including Aircel or Maxis\".Facing leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley's pointed questions on links between a company that had dealings with Aircel and Karti, the home minister said, \"It would be much simpler if somebody took a dagger and plunged into my heart rather than questioning my integrity.\"Jaitley quickly retorted that \"our concern is not to plunge a dagger in somebody's heart, the purity and fairness of government should be maintained\".The government backed the home minister, with finance minister Pranab Mukherjee telling Lok Sabha that Chidambaram was not involved in any wrongdoing. Mukherjee will reply to opposition's charges in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.The exchanges between the two lawyers remained cordial. Jaitley did not take Karti's name, leading Chidambaram to compliment his \"friend of 22 years\" for the manner in which he had raised the issue.But the civility did not take away from the intensity of the debate.The exchange held the upper House in rapt attention. Chidambaram said that in 2006, when he was the finance minister and FIPB approved the Aircel-Maxis deal, his son's firm Ausbridge had no link with Advantage Strategic Consultants: a firm which had commercial transactions with Aircel Televentures. He said that Ausbridge made a passive investment through partly paid-up shares in 2011.Jaitley called this an unconvincing explanation, pointing to the common email ID and web addresses that the two firms shared in 2006. \"Companies are floated, friends are shareholders, you enter the company at a later date. Six years later, when we are re-investigating the facts, you have to look at the footprints that they have left behind,\" he said.He pulled out documents filed with the Registrar of Companies to say that contrary to the argument that Aircel paid Advantage for consulting services, it was actually the other way round. He then went on to say that in 2006, Advantage gave loans to three entities - Chess Management Services, Chess Healthcare Solutions and Halidon Marketing - all controlled by \"the same person with which you are connected\".Asking whether there was link between the companies and the \"gentleman\" before the FIPB clearance, Jaitley said, \"If there was such a dealing, then this further vitiates this FIPB clearance which has been granted, and it raises serious doubts, which I am afraid, have not been cleared\".The BJP leader said the ties needed to be explained because the Aircel-Maxis deal was controversial for at least three reasons. One, it allowed Malaysian firm Maxis to acquire 99.3% stake in Aircel when the FDI cap for telecom was 74%. Two, the Indian shareholders got 26% for Rs 34 crore which was disproportionately low for a deal which was worth Rs 5,000 crore. Three, Maxis which took 74% stake had earlier intended to buy nearly 100% in Aircel. \"In the face of these three facts, a legitimate doubt appears that the Indian nominee could only be front, and this was really an acquisition through a front of the entire 100%,\" Jaitley said.\"It was highly doubtful whether such a permission could have been granted because prima facie facts did indicate that the transfer was not of 74%, but breaching the FDI guidelines, it was a transfer of 99.3% or even more,\" Jaitley said demanding that government needed to clarify matters.Reacting to the BJP leader's argument, a Chennai-based company secretary T Balasubramanian said it was he who had handled both Advantage and Ausbridge accounts and \"the returns for these two companies were filed under my email ID. This was used mainly for my administrative convenience\". He said quite a number of returns had been filed in a similar fashion by him.Chidambaram offered that the accounts of Advantage could be examined by the finance ministry, saying, \"If you want to examine the transactions, I will be the happiest person.\" He said the \"law can be set in motion and the other investor will explain how that investment (26%) was made\". This failed to convince the opposition which said original promoters of Advantage were two stockbrokers who had no background in telecom consultancy.Seeking to rebut the suggestion of Advantage and Ausbridge being linked to the telecom deal, the home minister said, \"No one is saying the promoters of (the two firms) do not know each other. Both are in Chennai doing business... young people in this country are entitled to start legitimate business.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13145632", "title": "Second phase of Unique Identification in Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation areas to start on June 15", "text": "PUNE: The second phase of the Unique Identification (UID) project in Pimpri-Chinchwad will start from June 15. According to civic officials, the Union government has given directives to start the work of collecting data under the UID project from June 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013.Of the 17.3 lakh population in Pimpri- Chinchwad, about 4.74 lakh (about 35%) have enrolled in the UID project in the first phase, Prakash Kadam, additional commissioner, PCMC, said on Monday. The first phase of the project was completed between January 20, 2011 and February 16, 2012.For the second phase, three companies have been allotted the work of collecting data from citizens.There are 64 bi-panel wards in Pimpri Chinchwad. The civic body has proposed to set up one centre in each ward for the project. One machine will take information of 50 citizens a day. A total of 12.29 lakh citizens have to be covered in the second phase.Kadam said government/ municipal employees will be appointed as verifiers for documents.There are complaints that a large number of citizens who had enrolled their names in the UID project and given requisite information have still not received the cards. Reacting to it, Kadam said, \"The three companies who were allotted the work of collecting the information in the first phase have been directed to complete the UID card distribution work at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13142729", "title": "Malabar flower show gifts a bouquet to Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Malabar Flower Show-Monsoon Festival which began at the Beach Marine ground on Friday is attracting large crowds with its wide variety of flowers.Rare and beautiful flowers and plants like banana saplings, rose bushes, decorative plants, medicinal plants, birth star tree saplings, anthurium and orchids are on display in the fest.A separate orchid and anthurium stall set up by M P Sulekha, hailing from Karuvanthuruthi, Feroke, attracts a lot of people. \"I put up my stall to encourage women to take up gardening as a hobby,\" said Sulekha, who has around 200 varieties of anthurium and 150 varieties of orchid and 300 varieties of decorative flowers in her stall.\"I have been receiving overwhelming response from women, and some of them have expressed their desire to visit the nursery at my home. Floriculture can easily make up to Rs 20,000 a month,\" said Sulekha.Another attraction is the mango fest which showcases 69 varieties of mangos from across the state and neighbouring states. Dishes made of jackfruit is yet another attraction of the fest. \"We have 57 varieties of jackfruit dishes including chakka puttu, chakka biryani, chakka payasam, chakka juice and halva,\" said P L George, Wayanad Foods.The fest jointly organized by the South Indian Youth Council and Green India Agri-horticulture society will conclude on May 27.Kozhikode: The Malabar Flower show-monsoon festival that commenced at the Beach Marine ground on May 11 is attracting large crowd with its wide variety of flowers.The major attractions of the show are the varieties of plants of various fruits, banana samplings, large collection of roses, decorative plants, medicinal plants, birth star tree saplings, bonsai expo, anthodium and orchid section. A separate section of orchid, anthodium stall of M P Sulekha , hailing from Karuvanthuruthi , Feroke is another attraction at the show.I put up my stall in the show to encourage women to take up gardening as a hobby,'' said Sulekha, who has around 200 varieties of anthodium and 150 varieties of orchid and 300 varieties of decorative flowers. I have been receiving overwhelming response from women and some of them have expressed desire to visit the nursery at home. Anyone who is interested in gardening can easily make a minimum Rs.10, 000 to Rs.20,000 in a month,'' said Sulekha who has been in the field for the past four years.The other highlight at the show is the mango fest which showcases 69 varieties of mangos from across the state and from neighbouring states . Another attraction is the show is the varieties of dishes made of jackfruit that caters to the need of all ages.We are preparing 57 varieties of jackfruit dieses including Chakka puttu , chakka biriyani, chakka payasam, chakka juice, halva and many other items. We have been receiving good response for the food fest as many started asking recipe of the food items put up for sale, said P L George, Wayadnad Foods.The flower show -Monsoon fest organised jointly by the south Indian Youth Council and Green India Agri-horticulture society will be concluded on May 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13142055", "title": "Cancer diagnosis camp in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: The Curie Manavata Centre has organised a three-day Cancer diagnosis camp that began from Monday.The camp has been organised on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of the centre. Around 20 participants participated in the camp, which will continue until May 16.The participant patients are being examined with the advanced technology the Centre has. The camp will be held during 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Centre, near Mahamarga Bus Stand, Mumbai Naka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13144497", "title": "Tribal woman kills man for 'misbehaving' with daughter", "text": "KEONJHAR: A tribal woman allegedly murdered a villager for misbehaving with her daughter at Mahadeijoda in Keonjhar's Sadar police station area.The 35-year-old woman, Sambari Munda, and her servant, Krista Munda, were remanded in judicial custody after a local court rejected their bail pleas on Monday.The deceased, 30-year-old Rup alias Motu Munda, had reportedly barged into Sambari's house on Sunday when she had gone to a market. Her 13-year-old daughter and one-year-old boy were present in the house. It is alleged that Motu misbehaved with the girl. He then ran away as the girl started shouting. On getting to know what had happened after returning home, Sambari got furious and went to Munda's house along with her servant. They allegedly dragged him out of his house and took him to their home. Sambari then tied him to a pillar and started beating him up with a stick. Villagers who gathered at the place also beat him up. He died in the spot after bleeding profusely.Sources said Sambari's husband works with the Army and is currently posted in Jammu and Kashmir. She lives with three daughters and a son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13143786", "title": "Now, generate power from your footsteps", "text": "LONDON: Imagine generating electricity in your footsteps. Sounds utopian. But, this could soon be a reality, say scientists who have developed a paper-thin generator that harnesses the mechanical energy of one's steps. An international team says these \"living generators\" use viruses to convert the soles of one's shoes into electricity.So far, the generators can only create enough power to run a small LCD panel (about a quarter of the power of a AAA battery) - but work in the laboratory simply by tapping a finger on an electrode, the 'Daily Mail' reported. In the future, the scientists could be used to power everything from portable electronics like phones - powered by footsteps - to lighting systems, powered by similar panels inside doors.The viruses are harmless - built to \"harness\" physical stress in an object to generate electricity. The technology already works - at least in the laboratory, say scientists at the US department of energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Lab. They tested their approach by creating a generator that produces enough current to operate a small liquid-crystal display. It works by tapping a finger on a postage stampsized electrode coated with specially engineered viruses.The viruses convert the force of the tap into an electric charge. This generator is the first to produce electricity by harnessing the piezoelectric properties of a biological material. Piezoelectricity is the accumulation of a charge in a solid in response to mechanical stress. The milestone could lead to tiny devices that harvest electrical energy from the vibrations of everyday tasks such as shutting a door or climbing stairs, the 'Nature Nanotechnology' reported.\"\"More research is needed, but our work is a promising first step toward the development of personal power generators, and other devices based on viral electronics\" , said Seung-Wuk Lee of the Berkeley Lab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "13144396", "title": "Acclaimed litterateur juggles pen and scissors with aplomb", "text": "SAMBALPUR: He is the recipient of Sarala Samman in 2008. Odisha Sahitya Academy felicitated him in 2010 for his contribution to the field of literature. But 83-year-old renowned litterateur and lyricist Binod Pasayat never fails to open his barber shop every morning.\"This is my bread and butter and literature is my hobby. So I maintain an equilibrium between my two professions,\" smiles the octogenarian, who has numerous prestigious awards and citations to his credit. The writer of several plays and songs, considered an important figure in the history of Sambalpuri language, has no other source of income apart from his inherited profession.Born in the year 1935 in Balangir town, Pasayat had to drop out of school after Class VIII to help his father in their ancestral profession because of their poor financial condition. Though he could not complete his studies, his passion for literature led him to shift his workplace to Sambalpur in 1953. \"I came in contact with Murari Prasad Mishra, a renowned cultural figure of Sambalpur, and with his encouragement and support I started my literary career in Sambalpur,\" recalls Pasayat. \"But it was famous musician Arun Prasanna Seth who gave a new shape to my songs and I created one Sambalpuri song after another,\" he reminisces.However, it was Pasayat's famous Sambalpuri play 'Mui Nai Mare' (I will never die) that brought him fame. In the play, the actor playing Ravan, the demon king of Lanka, refused to die at the hands of Ram because his wife suggested him not to die this time. Everyone, including the director tried a lot to persuade him to die, but he was rigid not to die this time. The play was a hit and Pasayat's work was appreciated by one and all.\"The government should recognize his contribution by providing him a pension as a mark of respect to the artist,\" says retired teacher and educationist Laxmikant Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13143503", "title": "Doctors to undergo emergency training", "text": "SHILLONG: Around 60 government doctors serving in rural areas of Meghalaya will be trained by GVK Emergency Management and Research Institute (EMRI) and Stanford University faculty to help them handle emergency situations better.\"The training module has been developed by GVK EMRI and the department of medicines, Stanford University to suit the needs of emergency patients in low resource settings, which is very common in rural India,\" Srinivasa Rao, associate partner of GVK EMRI, Hyderabad said on Monday.The five-day training, scheduled to begin on Tuesday in Shillong and in Tura next week, will have 30 doctors in one batch. According to Rao, the training will also benefit patients undergoing emergency treatment in all government secondary level health institutions as well.He said the participants will be trained on steps to taken during emergencies, essential emergency medicine and initial evaluation and stabilization of sick and injured patients. \"Common emergencies and essential skills will be covered in the programme through lectures, case studies, video training modules, hands-on simulation-based skills training,\" he added.\"Training district and sub-district hospital doctors in emergency medicine skills will help save more lives,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13144457", "title": "Reliving the glorious history of Bihar", "text": "PATNA: If six hundred years before the Christian era is the germinal period of India's history, it was the fertility and the fecundity of the soil of Bihar wherein the seeds sprouted into trees with overarching branches. While lot of emphasis is laid on imperial contributions, the popular culture of Bihar has been just as significant. Exemplary pottery traditions developed in this region, one of the finest being the Northern Black Polished Ware or the NBP.The terracottas of Bihar bring out the vitality and richness in the life of the people adding colour to that which is mundane. Artists of the Mauryan period began to experiment in stone and sculpted the fine yaksha and the yakshini pieces and nowhere can one get a better example than the Didarganj yakshi. The rich polish imparted to the yakshi, her ornamentation, hair style and expression make it one of the finest pieces of sculpture in the country.Equally significant is the development of the economy of ancient Bihar which received an additional boost as the first metallic coins came into use in the lower Gangetic plains. These are the first of the un-inscribed coin series, made of copper and silver, the very unique punch-marked coins, whose appearance coincides with the phenomenal development of trade described in the Buddhist Jatakas. Two of the greatest political experiments began in Bihar. Vaishali became the seat of a powerful republic/oligarchy.In Rajagriha, the foundation of a monarchy was being laid, which would eventually develop into the most powerful empire that the country was to witness, as the wheels of the chariots of the Magadhan rulers traversed in different directions and created from a loose configuration of 'janapadas' and 'mahajanapadas' a powerful empire.But 'samratism' is not built on sword alone and lot of emphasis was being laid on the development of human resource.Well-being of the subject is a principle oftstated in the writings of Kautilya and finds echo in the edicts of Ashoka. The king's inscriptions are first evidence of a deciphered script which is Brahmi. Across the centuries the man gives a message which is the crux of good governance. Apart from giving the country a script, Bihar also developed as a hub of educational activities. The tradition of philosophical debates in the quest of knowledge goes back to an even earlier time. The early Upanishads were probably compiled in north Bihar and Raja Janaka's 'sabha' was the centre of debates and deliberations. The tradition continued and the monasteries of the Buddhists and Jains became centres of learning which reached great heights in the later period when Nalanda, Vikramashila and Odantapuri developed as universities.I F Bihar was writing the history of ancient India, the openness of the mind of the people made it the centre of religious experimentation. The Buddha stands out as a colossal figure, giving to the world the message of peace, brotherhood and nonviolence and, above all, the belief in the power of reasoning and individual effort. His contemporary Mahavira was preaching the tenets of Jainism and the two heterodox faiths impacted every aspect of Indian psyche.But other than the two great Teachers, there were numerous other sects preaching their respective worldviews, often very materialistic in their approach. The Ajivikas, to name one, contributed towards enrichment of philosophical debates. Bihar's contribution to the realm of art is closely linked to these traditions.The magnificent pillars of Ashoka , the great 'stupas', especially the ones at Nandangarh and Kesariya, and the caves at Barabar and Nagarjuni are splendid examples and leads one to speculate on the skill training that was being provided for.What is great about the greatness of ancient Bihar is the holistic development of the region without which masterpieces are not crafted. The writer teaches history at Patna University.--Dr Daisy Banerjee", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13142303", "title": "Madhya Pradesh information commission appointments may run into trouble", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court on Monday issued notices to centre, state governments and others on a petition challenging the constitutionality of the certain provisions of the Right to Information (RTI) Act.The HC also directed that any appointments to be made to the state information commission would be subject to the outcome of the petition. The post of chief information commissioner (CIC) and nine information commissioners are lying vacant in Madhya Pradesh. The high court order came when the state government had apparently initiated a process to fill up these posts as per the RTI Act provisions, which has now been challenged in the state high court.The bench of acting chief justice Sushil Harkuli and justice Alok Aradhe issued notices on a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by Arun Gurtoo, a retired Director General of state police, and RTI activist Ajay Dubey seeking to declare section 15 (3) and 15 (5) of the RTI Act 2005 with respect to appointment of CIC and Information commissioners of Madhya Pradesh Information Commission as violation of constitutional provisions and hence liable to be struck down as ultra vires of the constitution. Petitioners' counsel Siddharth Radhelal Gupta argued without issuing an advertisement, the process of appointments to the information commission cannot be kick-started. He said it was necessary to maintain transparency in all the appointments to statutory posts funded by the state government.Gupta told TOI that there has been a move to fill up the vacant posts of CIC and information commissioners without issuing an open advertisement. \"Such appointments cannot be made without adopting an open and transparent process\", he added.RTI Act's section 15 (3) empowers a committee, headed by chief minister and comprising the leader of the opposition and a cabinet minister to be nominated by the chief minister, to recommend selection of state CIC and information commissioners. Section 15 (5) mention that the state chief information commissioner and the state information commissioners shall be persons of eminence in public life with wide knowledge and experience in law, science and technology, social service, management, journalism , mass media or administration and governance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "13144333", "title": "Schools must give 25% seats to poor from this year", "text": "MUMBAI : The state government , in a bid to ensure implementation of the Right To Education (RTE) Act, has made it mandatory for schoolsto admit 25% students from weaker sections and disadvantaged groups from neighbouring areas at the entry level from this year . A decision to this effect was taken during a meeting presided over by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday. The government will initiate action against schools that do not adhere to the norm .While a few private schools have set aside seats for these categories , a senior education department official said many others claim to have nearly completed the admission process for this year . Managements of such schools will have to prove that they had enrolled the students before the apex court's order on April 12. \"If the school management fails to prove this, it would amount to contempt of court ,\" the official said . \"Action will be initiated against such schools.\"The SC had ruled that all schools, with the exception of unaided minority institutions , willhavetoset aside 25%of the seats for students from \"weaker sections\" and \"disadvantaged groups\" at the entry level . The norm is applicable to IB schools and those affiliated to ICSE and CBSE boards .Schools will have to enroll such students either at the preprimary level or Class I.The state cabinet will meet soon to define \"weaker section\" and \"disadvantaged group\". It will also fix the individual share of each category. Debate is on on whether to include families residing below the poverty line or set another income ceiling (between Rs 40,000 and Rs 1 lakh ) in the \"weaker sections\" category . In case of \"disadvantaged group\" , the bone of contention is whether to include the creamy layer in the Scheduled Caste /Scheduled Tribe and other castes . Orphans and children of commercial sex workers are likely to be included in the \"disadvantaged category\".\"There is a projection that students from some government and civic schools will switch over to private schools on implementation of the norm ,\" said the CM. The state plans to use a lottery system for the admissions .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144234", "title": "CBI seeks seven-day remand of Dr Shukla", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation sleuths moved yet another application seeking seven-day remand of former CMO Dr AK Shukla in the murder of CMO family welfare Dr VK Arya.In its application, the CBI pleaded that as per the information and several clues available with them, Dr Shukla has as of now turned out to be the key conspirator in the murder of Dr Arya.In his earlier two-day remand, Dr Shukla had not cooperated as it was expected from him and hence it's necessary that Dr Shukla be given on 7-day remand, the agency has pleaded.After hearing the CBI application, the court served summon on Dr Shukla in jail and asked him to be present in the court on Wednesday. The CBI sleuths are expecting to gather some vital clues with regards to a few more shooters, which most likely are known to Dr Shukla, the CBI sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13143101", "title": "Man held for murdering mentally challenged father in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The Kshipra police claimed to have solved the murder mystery of a 60-year-old mentally challenged man on May 9 in the city with the arrest of his son here on Monday.Police said Ashok Chauhan, a resident of Mangliya, allegedly strangulated his father Man Singh Pitambaram Chauhan and left his body in a room to hoodwink the police. Then, he raised a hue and cry that his father was found dead in his house in Mangalia. However, the mystery behind Pitambaram was unveiled after the post-mortem report was out, which stated that the death happened due to strangulation.The police then started investigating into the case. During the course of the probe, it was found that the persons he met before the death were his son Ashok and wife.Rajesh Sahu, Kshipra police station in-charge, said that the deceased's wife and his son were seen with the mentally challenged man before he was found dead. Ashok was detained on the basis of suspicion and interrogated him. Though he initially denied to have been involved in the murder, but later confessed to have committed the murder of his father, said police.Ashok, said Sahu, dragged his father into the room and tied a rope around his neck to strangulate him. It has been said that Ashok was fed up with behaviour of his father owing to his mental imbalance.Police have booked the accused under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and sent him to jail after producing in a city court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13143308", "title": "I was behind the wheel, says father of accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: High drama was witnessed at the Sector 39 police station when the accused in the hit-and-run case and his father tried hard to convince the police that it was the latter who was behind the wheel at the time of the accident. The daughter of the deceased couple, Muskan, 9, however has been insisting that it was a young man who was driving the Zen. Baffled over such a claim, police examined the technical leads in the case, following which they arrested the youth, Puneet, 26. Muskan was injured while her parents died in a hit-and-run accident in Sector 40 on May 6.Surinder Singla, the father of the accused, claimed that he was driving the car, while Puneet too claimed that he was not in the car.Sources said involvement of Puneet was established after finding out his location at the time of accident through cellphone tower records, which said he was in Sector 40. DSP (south) B S Negi said, \"Considering the claims of Surinder that he was driving the car when the accident took place, we examined some technicalities and found Puneet was involved in the crime.\" The absconding father and son appeared before the cops at the Sector 39 police station at around 9.30am. They had also brought the white Zen to the police station.The car has been repaired but marks of accident were still visible.Ashok Kumar, 40, and his wife Sushila Devi, 35, were killed and their daughter Muskan injured when the speeding Zen had allegedly rammed their scooter in Sector 40 and then escaped from the spot on May 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13143278", "title": "Financial services market shallow in Patna", "text": "PATNA: \"Land prices in and around Patna have shot up 10-fold or more in the last six-seven years,\" says a stock broker and former president of Magadh Stock Exchange Association, Suresh Rungta. If that is taken as an indicator of the wealth seeking profitable avenues of investment, one may assume that the state capital would have a vibrant financial services market, with wealth management advisory services having a pride of place in it.Nilesh, senior manager of a private sector bank here, says, \"We do provide such services. Our wealth management advisory services are customer-centric rather than product-centric. We take into account the specific needs and circumstances of customers and our services cover the entire spectrum of asset classes. There is no specific threshold level for rendering our services to customers, which is available in all our branches in the city.\" Some other banks and local franchisees of national financial services firms (primarily in share broking) also claim to offer such services here.But some stakeholders whom TOI talked to painted a different picture -- that financial services market, wealth management included, is quite shallow in Patna despite the state registering one of the highest GDP growth in the country in the recent years.Financial planning and advisory, or wealth management in other words, is not about term deposits, or insurance, or investment in equity, debt instruments, precious metals or realty. It needs taking a holistic view of one's financial goals (like children's education and marriage, buying/constructing a house/flat and retirement planning) and preparing a viable plan to achieve them in the light of one's risk-taking willingness and ability. However, specially trained financial advisors and planners, as in metros and Ahmedabad, are an unheard of tribe here.What explains this dichotomy? Bihar Industries Association secretary general Sanjay Goenka attributes this to lack of capital formation in the state in the past 20 years or so. \"The growth witnessed in recent years is largely on account of government expenditure and real estate boom, contributing about 80 per cent of the gross state domestic product. Money is moving to a handful of people and there is little growth in the overall economy.\"According to him, \"Dissemination of information with respect to financial services is low in the city. Some insurance brokers from Kolkata and Delhi may have set up business here, but there is no culture of investment in financial instruments. Whatever little interest was generated earlier was lost due to mis-selling of equity, mutual fund and insurance products due to agents' greed of earning fat commissions in the quickest possible time.\"Having burnt their fingers, investors have taken to investment in real estate and gold, which have earned maximum returns in recent years, says Goenka. Rungta says, \"Too much money is chasing scarce land and other forms of realty. The demand is mostly from financial investors and not by actual users (residential purposes).\"Goenka adds, \"The regulatory framework of the country hasn't helped the matters either. While PAN card is a must for investing a single rupee in equity shares or mutual funds, real estate transactions with a threshold limit of above Rs 25 lakh only are reported to the I-T department and no PAN card is required for buying jewellery worth Rs 5 lakh. Therefore, flow of money to the latter two forms of unproductive investment is higher.\" The high returns delivered by gold post-2008 economic meltdown has added much lustre to this asset class, even though these returns may not be sustained in the near future, he feels. Rungta says that Patnaites have now began to buy gold mutual funds (gold ETFs) rather than physical gold.A chartered accountant and former director of the Magadh Stock Exchange, R S Agrawal, says, \"Few people are availing whatever little professional wealth management services are there. The banks and broking firms lack specially trained personnel for the purpose.\"A franchisee of a national broking firm, Pramod Kumar, agrees, \"Even banks provide advisory services tailored to their targets. Bank managers ought to be better trained to advise about investment in different asset classes. Sloppy Portfolio Management Services (PMS) have seen investors losing their hard-earned money.\" Sebi's move raising the bar for PMS to Rs 25 lakh has also been a setback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13143373", "title": "Loco pilot hurt in stone pelting incident", "text": "MADURAI: The loco pilot of Rameswaram - Madurai passenger train suffered severe head injury as some miscreants pelted stones even as he was piloting the train with about 600 passengers near Madurai on Sunday night.The assistant loco pilot came to the rescue M Suresh Rangababu (57), the loco pilot who suffered a deep bleeding injury on his head. The assistant loco pilot, who later took control of the train, informed the railway officials who instructed him to halt the train at the nearby Keel Madurai station where Suresh was administered first aid.Government Railway Police (GRP) investigating the incident said that they are yet to ascertain the identity of the miscreants or the motive behind the stone pelting. \"It appears to be an unintentional act of the miscreants, possibly children. However, interrogation is on to ascertain the facts,\" said a GRP officer. But the official did not rule out of the possibility of mischief-mongers who could have hurled stones on the trains deliberately though their target was not the loco pilot.The stone shattered the windscreen of the locomotive and hit the loco pilot around 9.15pm at a spot located between Mela Anupanadi and Keel Madurai railway station about six-km from the city.The train left from Keel Madurai station after 10 minutes. \"He was discharged on Monday after getting treatment for his injury,\" railway police said. A case has been registered under IPC Sec 332. for voluntarily causing hurt to a government servant to deter him from discharging official duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142676", "title": "Commonwealth Games Village sealing order set aside", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Appellate Tribunal MCD on Monday set aside the sealing orders for towers five and 15 at Commonwealth Games Village which had been lying unused so far due to the unresolved issue of excess floor-area ratio. While private developer Emaar MGF has already sold other flats in its share, 65 flats in these two towers and one flat in tower seven were sealed by DDA in November last year.The tribunal had later ordered their de-sealing. On Monday, it held that these towers will remain de-sealed till further directions from the high court or unless DDA orders fresh sealing orders. The order issued on Monday stated that \"the subject property is lying de-sealed as per orders of this Tribunal dated 22-11-2011, so it will remain as it is subject to further directions/restrain orders of the high court.\"Though Emaar MGF officials insisted after the order that DDA was now free to issue completion certificates to these two towers as well, DDA officials wanted to wait for the high court to decide on the issue of extra FAR. The high court is likely to hear the concerned petition on May 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13144916", "title": "2012: SRK\u2019s year for romance", "text": "After last year's action failed to pack a punch, the actor has now decided to get back to his super hit formula of love and dramaThe thing with winning formulas is that they always help you win. Some may say it restricts the actor within. Some may call it repetitive. But formulas work. More so when it's a super hit formula. And Shah Rukh Khan has perhaps woken up to that realisation. After last year's big budgeted ventures RA.One and Don 2 (both in the action genre) failing to generate the response that was expected, the actor seems to have decided to go back to doing what he is good at - romance. The actor has already started shooting for Yash Chopra's directorial comeback, London Ishq co-starring Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma . And now, it is learnt that the Rohit Shetty-SRK collaboration that was claimed to be an action packed project will actually be an on-the-go romance with a sprinkling of Shetty's signature action sequences. At a meeting, held a couple of days back, the producers along with director Shetty and SRK took a decision on how to take the film forward. The film is about a man travelling from Mumbai to Rameshwaram (thus the title, Chennai Express ) and what happens to him on the way - romance between Shah Rukh and the lead actress. Though it hasn't been finalised yet, a source from the industry revealed that in all probability, the female lead would be Deepika Padukone . The love express in question will now be built in Film City, Mumbai. The construction will begin by the end of August. Shah Rukh, who started the year on a romantic note by kick-starting the shoot of Yash Chopra's film in January, will now end the year in that strain. Rohit Shetty's Chennai Express will go on floors in October.On he other hand, while there were speculations regarding the producers of the film, a source confirmed that it is UTV Motion Pictures that has finally bagged the deal. \"There were two prominent production houses in contention. But the deal was locked a few days back. UTV's Ronnie Screwvala met SRK around a week back in Kolkata during an IPL match and locked the deal,\" revealed the source.Siddharth Roy Kapoor of UTV Motion Pictures remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "13145635", "title": "Apple changes new iPad branding", "text": "SYDNEY: Tech giant Apple in Australia and some other countries has ceased branding its latest third generation iPad tablet as 4G capable, instead using the term 'Wi-Fi + Cellular'.Apple's move came in the wake of complaints in Australia and the UK that the new iPad branded 'Wi-Fi+4G' does not connect to 4th generation network.The firm's Australian branch said because telecommunications companies 'do not all refer to their high-speed networks with the same terminology' it had therefore 'decided to use 'Wi-Fi + Cellular' as a simple term' which describes all of the networks supported by the new iPad, The Sydney Morning Herald reports.The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) took Apple to court in late March this year.It alleged that the firm had misled consumers when it came to marketing one of its latest iPad models as being compatible with 4G mobile data networks even though it could not connect to them in Australia.According to the report, the UK's Advertising Standards Authority also investigating Apple for similar reasons, but without any legal action against the tech firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13143226", "title": "Country\u2019s first private pilot dies in oblivion", "text": "MOHALI: Journey of the country's first private pilot took flight after her marriage, at the age of 20. And thanks to her husband's influence and motivation, she also got a chance to have a cup of tea with India's first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru in Rashtrapati Bhawan. But her life's odyssey ended on a rather sombre note with not a single family member around her during her final days.The body of Beant Kaur, 97, who breathed her last on Sunday evening, lay in the mortuary on Monday, waiting for one of her distant nephews to reach here from Canada to perform the last rites. Kaur was the wife of Air Vice Marshal Harjinder Singh, who died in 1972. The couple had no issue but they adopted five-year-old son of Beant's brother in the late 1950s. Kaur, who earlier lived with her adopted son in their 4-kanal house in Sector 3 of Chandigarh, spent her last days at Major Narinder Singh Jallo's (retd) house here in Sector 71.Jallo said that Kaur did not share much about her flying stint with anyone. \"She did not disclose much. Yes, once she had told me that her husband had lovingly slapped her while explaining a technical point of flying,\" he pointed out.After retiring from Air Force in 1964, Harjinder started giving Kaur flying lessons in Kanpur. She picked up things very fast and soon got the private pilot licence. She flew for nearly 70 hours and most of the times, she flew as co-pilot with her husband.\"She had become very frail due to old age. Though earlier she used to be very agile but of late Kaur could not even sit,\" Jallo told TOI. Jallo, a distant relative of Kaur, had brought her at his house nearly six years back. He got her body kept in the morgue and awaits arrival of Kaur's nephew. Jallo said even though according to the birth certificate, Kaur's age was 95 but actually she was 97. \"Harjinder was an influential man and he was very close to Nehru and Krishna Menon. The couple had lived a luxurious life and they also attended a tea party at Rashtrapati Bhawan, during the tenure of President Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan,\" said Jallo. Though Kaur had studied up to class 10, and keen to learn new things, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143085", "title": "Order on defamation case against Army chief reserved for May 18", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Monday reserved its order for May 18 on a criminal defamation complaint filed by Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh seeking summoning of Army chief General V K Singh and four others in the case.Metropolitan magistrate Jay Thareja reserved the order for May 18 after the conclusion of arguments on behalf of Tejinder Singh. \"You can issue notice to them and they can come and explain their part to you,\" Tejinder Singh's counsel Anil Aggarwal said.Besides the Army chief, Tejinder Singh has named Vice-Chief of Army Staff Lt Gen S K Singh, Lt Gen B S Thakur (DG MI), Maj Gen S L Narshiman (additional director general of public information) and Lt Col Hitten Sawhney, accusing them of misusing their official positions, power and authority to level false charges against him.During the arguments, the court asked Tejinder Singh's counsel how it would ascertain if Lt Gen S K Singh, Lt Gen B S Thakur, Maj Gen S L Narshiman were \"actively involved in the alleged conspiracy\".To this, the counsel said the court could issue notice to them and they could present their case after appearing before the court. \"You can issue notice to them and they can come an explain their part to you. The main thing is that they are accepting and vouching on it that we will reply in the court. At the end of their reply (to the legal notices sent by Tejinder Singh), they (accused) are saying that they will file defamation case against my client,\" Aggarwal said.The court also told the counsel that the case against Lt Gen S K Singh, Lt Gen B S Thakur and Maj Gen S L Narshiman was not strong as per the evidence on record.\"See I am telling you for accused 2, 3 and 4 (S K Singh, B S Thakur and S L Narshiman), your case is 50-50 at this stage. Accused 2, 3 and 4 can very well come to this court and say that 'Sir, we have given the press release to accused 5 (Lt Col Hitten Sawhney)... but he sent it directly to the media through e-mail and we were not aware of it and you should have given us protection then what will I do',\" the magistrate asked.Tejinder Singh, a former director general of Defence Intelligence Agency, had filed the defamation complaint against the Army chief and four other officials, rejecting the allegations that he had offered the bribe for clearing a deal for 600 \"sub-standard\" vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13141933", "title": "National Students Union of India alleges favouritism", "text": "AHMEDABAD: High drama was witnessed at the BK School of Management on Monday when the National Students Union of India (NSUI) members barged into the office of director Sarla Achuthan and burnt her posters there.They were protesting against the alleged case of preferential treatment given to a student. The student had been allegedly taking exam in a separate hall without his identity card or fee receipt. He also tore the answer sheets, but teachers at BK School allegedly put them all together and accepted it. Tearing answer sheets amounts to copying and action should be taken accordingly, as per rules.NSUI leaders later met Gujarat University vice chancellor Parimal Trivedi and demanded strict action against Achuthan for showing favouritism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13145734", "title": "23-year-old drowns in civic pool", "text": "PUNE: In a second incident in the span of a week, another epilepsy patient drowned on Sunday, in a PCMC-run pool in Bhosari this time, raising questions about safety measures as well as the need to demand medical fitness certificates by pool authorities.Sagar Madhukar Dolas (23) of Bhosari suffered an epileptic attack while swimming. Ironically, Sagar's brother, who works as a lifeguard at the pool, had warned him to stay away, but Sagar somehow entered the pool for a swim and suffered an epileptic attack.Police officials of the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial hospital chowky said Sagar became unconscious around 4.15 pm. He was rushed to hospital but the doctors declared him dead on arrival.PCMC's assistant commissioner Sahebrao Gaikwad, who is in charge of the swimming pool, said the youth's brother works as a lifeguard at the pool.\"After he had the epileptic attack, other swimmers raised an alarm and the lifeguard - the victim's own brother - jumped into the pool to rescue him and brought him out of the water. Sagar was immediately taken to the YCM hospital but died before he could get any treatment.\" People who suffer from epileptic attacks should not venture into swimming pools, he added.Only on Tuesday last, 17-year-old Akash Chavan drowned in a Pune Municipal Corporation-run swimming pool at Bopodi after suffering an epileptic attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13142357", "title": "Bhopal to have unique museum dedicated to Indian heroes", "text": "BHOPAL: In an initiative to honour the national heroes and freedom fighters, Madhya Pradesh is setting up the first of its kind museum namely 'Veer Bharat Premises' dedicated to them in the state capital.This unique museum would be a tribute to the people, who sacrificed their lives for moulding and making the modern India. Veer Bharat Premises is also an attempt to re-introduce the forgotten national heroes of the country to the new generation.\"This is an attempt to re-introduce the real Indian idols to the forthcoming generations\" Shree Ram Tiwari, director, state culture department, told TOI.The Environmental Planning and Co-ordination Organization (EPCO) submitted a report regarding the basic features of this museum to the culture department, which has been forwarded to the state cabinet for approval. The EPCO has prepared an estimate of Rs 500 crore to build this museum, Tiwari said.The Veer Bharat Premises will include contribution of the country's heroes like King Bharat - after whom India was named as 'Bharat', Vikramaditya, Raja Bhoj, Kabir, Emperor Akbar, Chandra Shekhar Azad, Bhagat Singh, and Mahatama Gandhi among others.\"It is different from other museums, in which sculptures have to be only shifted from one place to another. However, it is difficult to constitute this museum as all the details and sculptures have to be placed after consulting historians and archaeologists,\" said Tiwari.Apart from the national heroes, Veer Bharat Parisar will also have features like laser show, light and sound effect, video show including 3-D film, puppet shows, robotics and optical illusions.Bullock cart, boats, toy train, elevated transit system, lifts, escalators and specially designed vehicles will also be a part of the museum.\"The cabinet will be approving the report within a month, after which the work for this unique museum will catch speed,\" Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13142823", "title": "Use roads for the purpose they were constructed", "text": "With reference to \"Exit cars, enter community bonding\" (May 14), did anyone see the anguish in the eyes of motorists who had to spend extra time and petrol by entering Panaji city and clogging inner roads that are normally empty on a Sunday? Did anyone, including police officials, see tourist vehicles desperately trying to find a way out to the main DB marg. Because of the whims and fancies of a few members of \"Amchi Panaji\" I had to miss the spiritual function of my aunt's 80th birthday. Will those who enjoyed their sit-out on DB marg give me back this missed opportunity?What does community bonding mean? People have to wake up and learn to see and grow beyond the boundaries of their house, locality and city. How will people travel on roads if children at a tender age are taught to squat on roads and participate in drawing and informal quiz competitions? Please do not guide tender citizens and future leaders like this. Let roads be used for the purpose they were constructed. The unmaintained gardens of Panaji could be put to good use by the members of community bonding to get to know each other better and make Panaji a better place to live.Jennifer SamantDigital energy meters not suitable for local conditionsElectricity department has been replacing existing analog meters with digital meters to record consumption of energy and perhaps to track suspected losses which mainly occur at the transmission stage and not at the end user's stage. These electronic gadgets normally work effectively in controlled conditions. It is generally not possible to provide steady conditions and digital meters tend to go erratic in the existing highly fluctuating conditions thereby give abnormal readings. The consumption recorded shoots up and the consumer is forced to pay exorbitant bills and complain later. These types of 'digital (sophisticated and electronic) meters' are unsuitable in our environmental conditions, and need to be removed/stopped forthwith and go back to analog meters which are proven, rugged and reliable.BVS PriolkarFDA should also check handcarts for hygieneThe food safety officers of the FDA have issued \"improvement notices\" to 53 establishments. FDA personnel have also directed eight eating houses and two bakeries to stop activity, because of unhygienic conditions, until defects are rectified. There are several handcarts operating all over the state serving soup, noodles, omelet, chicken, mutton, especially at night. Obviously the owners do not prepare the food items at the site but bring it to be served at these handcarts after preparing it elsewhere. Does FDA have a system in place to see whether the food is prepared under hygienic conditions before being served at these handcarts?Adelmo Fernandes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "13145394", "title": "Villagers protest 'cop atrocity'", "text": "BALANGIR: Villagers residing inside Sunabeda sanctuary on Monday staged a dharna in front of the Nuapada SP's office condemning alleged police excesses in the area.The protesters said police harassment increased about a week ago following the murder of an assistant sub-inspector by the Red rebels in the sanctuary. The agitation was led by the sarpanch of Dharuamunda, Banita Dharua.Dharua alleged that police were harassing innocent villagers by accusing them of being Maoists. \"We are underprivileged people. Our village does not have drinking water and electricity. The villagers are innocent and don't have any role to play in whatever the Maoists are doing,\" she said.Refuting the allegation, SP (Nuapada) Umashankar Das said police are there only for the safety and welfare of villagers and are not harassing them. \"Since Maoists keep mingling with the villagers, the police at times have to interrogate them. It is not harassment. Police only keep a vigil on the movement of Maoists,\" the SP clarified.Assistant sub-inspector Kruparam Majhi was recently gunned down by Maoists in the sanctuary area. Majhi was escorting a water tanker, which was being towed by a tractor, for the CRPF personnel when the incident took place. Sources said the Maoists enjoy considerable rapport with tribals in the sanctuary. The 20 panchayats, which are Maoists infested, are inhabited by tribes like Chakutia Bhunjia, Paharia, Gond and Majhi. Reports reveal that Maoists have their base in at least 53 villages inside the sanctuary. Sunabeda tiger reserve sprawls over 600 sq. km and there are 75 villages among which 17 hamlets are in the core area of the sanctuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13144732", "title": "Fitting tribute to legendary musician", "text": "Dharwad: Hindustani vocalist Piyu Sarkhel of Rajkot enthralled the audience at Srujana auditorium in Dharwad on Sunday evening with her scintillating performance.At a programme organized jointly by Bharateeya Sangeeta Mahavidyala and Dr Annajirao Shirur Rangamandira Trust to mark the birth centenary of legendary musician Ustad Ameer Khan, Piyu Sarkhel, an exponent of Ameer Khan's lineage, began her concert with Raag Shuddha Kalyan. After rendering Raag Jog, she concluded with Ragashri. She was ably accompanied on tabla by Shridhar Mandre and on harmonium by Guruprasad Hegde.A documentary on Ustad Ameerkhan was screened on the occasion. Anil Desai and Raghavendra Ayi spoke on life and achievements of Ustad Ameer Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13145674", "title": "Bobby Jindal has chance to be selected as Romney's running mate", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indian American Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal has a good chance of being selected as vice-presidential running mate of Mitt Romney, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, a media report has said.\"Though the nation's first Indian-American governor may be flying a bit under the radar in the VP speculation game, his chance of being selected may be as good as any of the more buzzed-about prospects,\" RealClearPolitics.Com has said.\"He's certainly on the short list as far as qualified people that could be a complement to Governor Romney,\" Utah Governor Gary Herbert, who endorsed the now-presumptive nominee in early February was quoted as saying.Jindal, who is serving a second term as Governor, himself has denied having any vice presidential ambition, and have gone on record several times in the past few weeks that he is currently focused on his job of being the Governor of Louisiana.\"Governor Romney's hallmark is his ability to turn things around, whether the Olympics here in Utah, or turning around Massachusetts when he was governor, or turning around businesses from failure to success -- that's certainly going to be a big part of his platform, and Bobby's done that as governor of Louisiana,\" Herbert told RealClearPolitics.The news portal said Jindal's dismal shows in 2009 when he addressed the nation soon after Obama's State of the Union Address is unlikely to play any major role in his selection as Romney's running mate.Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour, who considered a presidential bid last year and remains one of the most well-connected members of the national Republican establishment, said he had \"no idea\" whom Romney would pick as his running mate but praised Jindal as \"extremely capable\" and \"genuinely knowledgeable about public policy.\"\"Plus he's a very nice guy -- pretty family and a good person,\" Barbour said.\"He's just got a tremendous capacity,\" Barbour was quoted as saying.Though he is only 40, Jindal is already one of the more experienced Republican governors in the country, having been in office for 4 and half years after serving three years as Louisiana's 1st District representative in the US House, RealClearPolitics. Com said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143586", "title": "CBI warns against fraud officers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking note of recent instances of fraud, the CBI has warned people to beware of con men posing as its officers and asking money to manage their complaints or cases.\"Certain instances of some conmen or fraudsters posing as CBI officers or acquaintances of CBI officers and trying to extort money or favours from the general public or public servants have come to the notice of the Central Bureau of Investigation . Such imposters generally approach unsuspecting members of the public or public servants and offer to 'settle complaints or cases' in exchange for money or favours. They normally avoid showing any identity card,\" a recent advisory from the CBI said asking people to be vigilant.The move comes at a time when the probe agency found that senior scientific officer of CFSL A R Arora, since arrested, was posing as its additional director and also conducting illegal searches for bribe. The advisory said certain emails with a CBI logo and bearing names of senior CBI officers were being sent to the public, claiming to validate foreign transactions such as fund transfers or overseas employment or payments made by purported international organizations in the form of lottery proceeds, bank transfers etc.\"This is to alert the public that any demand of money or favours to settle complaints, made by person(s) claiming to be from CBI or claiming to have acquaintances with CBI officers, should not be entertained. Such persons should be viewed with suspicion and must be asked to show their identity proof,\" it stated. It further said that CBI does not certify or validate any foreign remittance or transaction of funds. \"Any such email or document is fraudulently generated,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13143608", "title": "Spotlight on pools after boy dies", "text": "COIMBATORE: Summer holidays are a boom time for those holding swimming coaching lessons. But the death of a seven-year-old boy in the corporation pool near Gandhi Park has forced the spotlight on the loopholes in the safety features and maintenance of swimming pools in the city.What's shocking is the city corporation hasn't even realised the gravity of the situation despite the death of a little boy. In the case of the Gandhi Park pool, all they say is the contract period of the person currently running the pool has expired and the new contractor will be asked to have proper safety and security measures. \"This is the first time such a mishap occurred in the pool and it was unfortunate,\" said T K Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore Corporation.Private swimming pools in the city are managed by the respective owners.In the boy's case, he ingested excess water after mistiming dive into the pool and was not given proper first aid. One of the employees noticed that the boy was drowning and rushed him to a private hospital in the city, where he died on Sunday.The corporation pool did not have a well-trained life guard or an employee in the pool premises who could administer proper first aid in the case of an emergency. Medical experts who treated the victim pointed out that he could have been saved if there was a trained life guard or a swimming coach at the pool when the mishap occurred.\"The first and foremost factor that should be cross checked before sending your children to swimming sessions is whether the coach at the camp is properly trained to deal with emergency situations,\" says Amit Dugar, whose daughter Bhavika Dugar, a student of Bharathiya Vidya Bhavan school, won silver and bronze medals at the national level swimming championship held in Indore and Bangalore last year.Private clubs and hotels that conduct summer coaching camps in the city claim that they take all necessary steps to ensure the safety of the swimmers, children and adults. \"We have a dedicated team consisting of seven members including a trained coach and life guards who are deployed outside the pool whenever it is in use. One of the trainers keep a close watch on the swimmers when they are using the pool from an elevated platform constructed along the side of the pool,\" said Roy Ston Laybourne, event manager (sports activities), Jenny Club, Coimbatore.Pools are to give clear indications about the depth of the pool, phone numbers of personnel to be contacted in case of emergency and also basic diving instructions. Red flags are also to be erected at the deep ends of the swimming pools to indicate that it is a danger zone for learners. The personnel deployed at the pool should also take training sessions in first aid techniques to respond effectively to emergency situations.\"There is absolutely no need to panic about pool safety provided that the concerned camp has taken all necessary measures and have a trained crew to ensure the safety of the swimmers, especially children,\" said C Ramesh, a swimming coach in the city.However, there is a shortage of proper trained swimming coaches in the city and most of the coaches are swimmers, who gradually take up coaching as a profession later. \"Trained coaches and lifeguards are a must at any swimming pool. There are some diploma courses for every sporting events including swimming offered by the National Institute of Sports and anyone aspiring to be a swimming instructor should opt for it first,\" said Ma Gireesh, a swimming trainer at a prominent education institution in Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13144352", "title": "Woman commits suicide", "text": "PUNE: The Chinchwad police have found a body of a woman in a state of decomposition in her rented flat in Keshavanagar on Monday. According to the police, the woman, identified as Deepali Manohar Badhe (36), from Jalgaon, may have committed suicide by consuming poison. The police said Badhe may have committed suicide around three days before. \"We have found a suicide note near her body which was dated May 11. The note states that no one is responsible for her death,\" said sub-inspector Seema Surve of the Chinchwad police. The incident came to light on Monday around 10 am after a foul smell started emanating from Badhe's flat, after which the neighbours informed the Chinchwad police. \"We entered the house by breaking open the door. We also found a bottle of poisonous substance near her body,\" Surve said.Surve said Badhe was a MCA degree holder and was working with a private company in Kasarwadi. tnn\"She was suffering from blood pressure and other ailments. She may have committed suicide following frustration,\" Surve said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13144547", "title": "'Leopard died of poisoning'", "text": "THANE: Nearly a month after the decomposed and mutilated carcass of an eight-year-old leopard was found in the Yeoor forest , officials have attributed thedeathto planned poisoning .A forensic report suggests the wild cat died after eating a poisoneddog ,whichcouldhave been kept to trap the leopard . The carcass was found deep inside the forest on April 16. As many as eight nails of the carcasswere pulledout . Two security guards from a nearby bungalowwereinitially quizzed and they could face a probe following the forensic reports .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13141877", "title": "Dalits pour their hearts out before National Human Rights Commission team", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In April, a dalit family of Tajpur village of Sabarkantha district, 100 km from Ahmedabad, was targeted by other communities when it tried to take out a marriage procession. Despite police bandobast, the procession was attacked and stoned. \"When it came to filing complaints, the local police sided with the upper castes,\" said dalit activist Sanjay Parmar.Parmar was highlighting the plight of people belonging to scheduled castes at a two-day open house session of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC). The public hearing began on Monday at the Gandhi Labour Institute (GLI). On Tuesday, the NHRC team will meet the state chief secretary.\"Gujarat could be a model state in this regard. We have begun the hearing session from here,\" NHRC chairperson justice (retired) K G Balakrishnan said, while inaugurating the session. The former chief justice of India (CJI), Balakrishnan, is accompanied by NHRC member justice (retired) BC Patel and other officers of the commission.The NHRC began its \"open hearing\" session on issues related to alleged atrocities against scheduled caste people and problems faced by them in seeking justice. Dalits converged from different parts of Gujarat to narrate their tales of woes before NHRC.Several complaints of non-cooperation of police in filing complaints, inaction of government authorities, lack of rehabilitation, among others poured in the first session of the hearing here.Suresh Jadav, a government officer who stays in Kundla village near Sanand, told the NHRC how he faced social boycott after a temple was built in his village in 2009.\"All villagers donated for the temple and we were quite happy that the upper caste communities also sought our help in the matter. However, when the temple was built on land owned by the village panchayat, and I went to offer my puja, I was not allowed to enter. When I went to file a complaint, the police turned me away by saying that I should get an eyewitness to prove that I had not been allowed to enter the temple.\"When police filed a complaint after being pressured, I faced social boycott. I had to shift from there to Sanand. But my aged parents stay in the village, we own some land there but nobody gives water for tilling our fields,\" said Jadav.Kirit Rathod, representing Navsarjan - of a voluntary organization, pointed out that according to the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, a state-level committee to supervise issues concerning the communities should meet twice every year. \"However, since 1995 the committee has met only six times. To deal with atrocity cases, a special court and a special public prosecutor should be there in every state, but the state government says that it does not have any money for this,'' he said.Rathod added that Navsarjan has conducted a survey in 1,589 villages. Of these 98 per cent of the villages still are hounded by untouchability. When this report was submitted to the state government, a re-survey was ordered in these villages and CEPT University was given the job for Rs 45 lakh. CEPT officials have submitted their report. \"But the state government has not told us about the contents of this report till date,\" he said.Complainants utter police apathyMost of the people who came to narrate their troubles had an axe to grind against the police. Most of them said that police did not take their complaints. The complainants claimed that the cops often use abusive and derogatory language against them and conduct the inquiry in a manner which helps the accused to go scot free. A suspended deputy superintendent of police, SK Makwan, told the retired judges that he was posted as DSP (atrocity) in Banaskantha district in 2006. \"I conducted inquiries into more than 1,000 cases of atrocities. In most of the cases, the senior officers pressured me and prevented me from doing my duty or catch the accused,\" he said. The NHRC asked Makwan to submit his statements in writing.Non-dalit 'exposes' cops' storyDinesh Bhanushali, a Jamnagar resident, came up to speak before the NHRC team with his 12-year-old granddaughter. He claimed that his son had been killed in a fake encounter by police in 2006. He claimed that the police story was fake - his son did not know how to drive any vehicle, but the cops claimed that he was gunned down while driving a car. NHRC officers pointed out that he was not a dalit and his case could not be heard by this forum. Bhanushali said: \"I have no money for food and had to borrow money for bus fare to reach here. Consider me a dalit too.\"Guj a model state for SC welfare: Ex-CJIAhmedabad: Chairman of NHRC, Justice KG Balakrishnan, began the two-day 'open hearing' session in the state by praising Gujarat in effectively dealing with issues faced by SC community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13143255", "title": "HC for demolishing structures in lake area", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what may be seen as huge blow to those who have made constructions in catchments area and forest zone of Sukhna Lake in defiance of its orders, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday directed to demolish all such construction.A division bench comprising acting chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh ordered the states of Punjab and Haryana, as well as the Chandigarh administration \"To put their enforcement agencies in action and construction activities going on in the catchment area as per the map of the Survey of India should be immediately stopped; and any construction raised in violation of the directions issued by the court be demolished without issuing any notice.\"On March 14 last year, HC had stayed all kind of constructions in the forest and catchments area of Sukhna Lake falling within the areas of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh.With these orders, any kind of construction done in past one year from regulator-end of Sukhna Lake toward Saketri of Panchkula district, some part of Mansa Devi Complex (MDC) of Sector 1, Panchkula, and some portion of residential colonies of Kansal village adjoining the lake would be demolished.The directions were given by HC during the resumed hearing of an ongoing PIL about the deteriorating condition of Sukhna Lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142521", "title": "Power tariff hiked 11% in New Delhi Municipal Council areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: VVIPs in Delhi will now have to dish out more for power. Two weeks after announcing new fuel price adjustment (FPA) surcharge for private distribution companies, Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) has announced 11% FPA for New Delhi Municipal Council (NMDC) to be applicable from May 14 to August 14, 2012. With this, power tariff in NDMC areas may have seen a significant increase but overall power tariff will still be lower than those paid by consumers in other parts of the city under private discoms.The new tariff will be applicable in residential areas like Lutyen's Bunglow Zone, Sarojini Nagar, Malcha Marg, Lodi Road, Chanakyapuri, Khan Market, Kaka Nagar, Sujan Singh Park, Sunder Nagar, Golf Links, Jor Bagh, among other places, which come under NDMC and will be charged on energy consumed from May 14 to August 14. The commission received submissions from NDMC on May 3 for new FPA after the previous surcharge expired on April 30. \"Government-run NDMC along with all three private discoms had been allowed a 5% FPA from February to April. This time based on their submissions, each discom has been allowed a different FPA based on their expenses and power purchase accounts from January to March, 2012. On the basis of the information submitted by NDMC and considering first power purchase bills and billed amounts reflecting in the auditor's certificate, the regulator approved FPA charges of 11%,'' said regulator chairperson P D Sudhakar.The amount sought by NDMC on account of fuel price adjustment formula in their application was 11.8%. As was seen in the earlier FPA order, DERC has allowed the claims close to the amounts filed by each discom. While Tata Delhi Power had sought a 4.65% hike for fuel costs, BSES Rajdhani had claimed 7.2% and BSES Yamuna 9.2%. The discoms were eventually allowed 4%, 6% and 7% respectively. The fuel surcharge hike is granted to the power companies for the additional cost they paid generation companies like National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) or National Hydro Power Corporation (NHPC) due to rising fuel cost in the international market from January 1, 2012 to March 31, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142362", "title": "Metro suicide hits services", "text": "KOLKATA: Metro services were disrupted for nearly 40 minutes on Monday after a 25-year-old woman committed suicide at Kalighat station around 11.38am. Though the motorman of the Dum Dum-bound train slammed emergency brakes when he spotted the woman in a pink salwar-kameez jumping off the platform, the train did not slow down enough when it hit her.\"From her belongings, we could identify the victim as Jayashree Das of Thakurpukur. But we didn't find any suicide note.The impact was high as she jumped off the end of the platform just as the train was about to enter. The motorman didn't get sufficient time to slow down the train. Had she jumped off the middle of the platform, the impact would have been less and she might have survived.Two coaches of the train passed over her before it could be stopped. We reversed the train, switched off power to the third rail andretrieved the body around 12.19 pm. Till then, truncated services were run between Dum Dum and Maidan and Mahanayak Uttam Kumar and Kavi Subhas,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGMG, Metro Railway.According to him, this was the 240{+t}{+h} suicide attempt in the Metro network. While 118 people have been saved, the remaining died on the spot. In the last few months, the Metro has made several efforts to bring down the number of suicides at stations. While security personnel have been posted to keep a watch on people behaving suspiciously, motormen have also been directed to enter stations at a slow speed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143877", "title": "Ex-navy officer goes missing in Singapore seas", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old ex-navy man from Kanyakumari, employee of a Singapore-based marine firm, is reportedly missing off the coast of the city state since Saturday. T Ramesh, a diver with Cutech Marine Service Private Limited, was engaged in maintenance operations on the hull of a crude carrier vessel in the outer seas, company sources said.The Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore ( MPA), which is coordinating the search and rescue mission in the area, has issued a navigational broadcast alert to vessels passing the region and deployed acoast guard vessel at the spot.A message received by Ramesh's family from Singapore on Saturday said he had gone missing after all other diving crew returned to the ship. \"We were told that the area where he worked was prone to currents during certain intervals of the day. His company suggests that as a possibility. But no other divers have been affected and nobody noticed any signs of danger,\" said Ramesh's cousin Ganesh T.Ramesh, a diving instructor with the Indian Navy, took voluntary retirement in August last, and joined the Singapore firm as a diver. Normally, divers engaged in maintenance operations surface at specified intervals. The carry oxygen masks and, at times, communication equipment to receive messagesRamesh's father N Thankaraj, a retired police officer, said he believed Ramesh would return. \"We are told they are continuing the search. We call them every hour for information.\"Ramesh and his wife Shanti have two children - Hari Kishore, 5, and Priyadarshini, 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13146190", "title": "Kodak seeks expressions of interest for patents", "text": "NEW YORK: Eastman Kodak , the photography pioneer that filed for bankruptcy in January, is seeking expressions of interest in its digital-imaging patents by today, the first step in an auction of the technology.At this stage, Kodak is only determining who may want to bid on the portfolios, rather than taking formal offers, the Rochester, New York-based company said.The ultimate price may hinge on the outcome of Kodak's case with the US International Trade Commission, which is deciding whether Apple and Research In Motion violated patents covering image previews on cameras. Judge Thomas Pender is due to give his ruling by May 21. A decision against Apple and RIM may lead the companies to license or buy Kodak's technology.Chris Veronda, a spokesman for Kodak, declined to comment, as did Apple's Steve Dowling and RIM's Heidi Davidson.Kodak is offloading the digital-imaging patents as part of a plan to shrink the company and focus on printing rather than photography. It has until June 30 to file the patent-bidding procedures, which typically name the bidder preferred by the seller, also known as the stalking horse. Once the stalking- horse offer is made public, other potential buyers can submit competing bids.Kodak is selling two portfolios of patents: one related to digital capture, known as DC, and another covering the Kodak imaging systems and services, known as KISS.Patent value Together, the technology is valued at between $2.21 billion and $2.57 billion, based on an estimate by 284 Partners LLC, a patent advisory firm hired by Kodak and cited in a debtor's motion it filed before a US bankruptcy court in January.Envision IP, another patents adviser, estimated in March that the net present value of the two Kodak portfolios would be between $2.08 billion and $2.21 billion, \"assuming that Kodak's forecast of $250 million to $350 million in annual recurring licensing revenue is accurate.\"Apple, Facebook, Google and Microsoft have been snapping up intellectual property to protect themselves against infringement litigation.Kodak hired Lazard to sell its patents last year when it was still trying to avoid default, and then retained the firm to sell its portfolio out of bankruptcy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13143419", "title": "Rs 3 lakh, 41 sovereigns gold stolen in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Cash amounting to Rs 3 lakh was stolen from the manager's office of a car Maruti Suzuki showroom-cum-service centre on the Madras - Trichy Trunk Road, at the T-junction of Mambalasalai at Srirangam, it was reported today. Police said that the Police were rattled since showroom is situated opposite the all-women police station at the Srirangam end of the Cauvery bridge, and the theft must have taken place during the weekend.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic and crime) Ramaiyyan, who lives in the showroom's vicinity, visited the spot and reprimanded manager Kathavarayan for his lackadaisical careless attitude. Police had already given an ultimatum to all major establishments in the city, to install cameras in their premises by April 30.Police said that the The diktat was forgotten in the hustle and bustle of investigations in the wake of the recent Ramajayam murder in the city. Ramaiyyan was livid because money was kept in a wooden box beneath a locker and the two watchmen appointed to safeguard the showroom at night were sleeping when the theft occurred. The theft was reported only this morning, and there was no camera fixed at the showroom.Ramaiyyan said there was a vast open space behind the showroom that expanded to the service centre at the back. The culprits could have entered the manager's office through the rear on the night of either Saturday or Sunday, and decamped with the loot.Ramaiyyan further said it would be premature to put the blame on insiders, as there was a professional gang operating in the area with a similar modus operandi. This group had earlier broken into showrooms in the same fashion in places like Mannargudi, Sivaganga, Madurai and Tirunelveli, he said.Meanwhile, two cases of house break-ins were reported in Musiri in Trichy district and in Perambalur district respectively.In the first incident, as much as 28 sovereigns of gold were stolen from the residence of a printer Murali alias Venkatesh, at Ayyampalayam. Murali had locked the house and gone to his parents house, following his father's demise a few days back.In the second instance, car broker Mohammed Bukari's residence at Malligai Nagar in Perambalur was broken into and 13 sovereigns of gold were stolen. Bukari had gone to Namakkal on an assignment, while his family had gone to his relative's house in Kerala for the summer holidays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "13143493", "title": "4 charred as car catches fire in road mishap", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Four persons, including a woman, were killed when their car collided with a truck on NH-38 at Lekhapani in Tinsukia district early on Monday.Police said the Maruti van carrying eight passengers were travelling from Jagun to Margherita when it collided with a speeding Tata 407 truck near Burma camp in between Ledo and Lekhapani, about 16 km from Margherita town.The incident occurred at around 4 am when they were returning home from Jagun after attending a Bihu programme.The car caught fire on collision with the truck and three persons died on the spot while another passenger, who sustained severe burn injuries was taken to Margherita Civil Hospital, but the perrson died a couple of hours later.The other four passengers, who also sustained injuries, managed to extricate themselves from the burning vehicle.The four injured persons, Papu Choudhury (30), Rakesh Das (25), Riki Barman (20) and Himanta Sekhar (12) have been sent to the Assam Medical College and Hospital in Dibrugarh.The deceased have been identified as Umesh Das, Biju Barman, Ranjita Sinha and Rahul Gogoi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141420", "title": "Six years on, Nagpur Municipal Corporation's swanky malls remain on paper", "text": "NAGPUR: In 2006-07, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) proposed construction of five swanky malls in various parts of the city. Six years later, the malls remain on paper, becoming examples of NMC's apathy towards development projects.The construction of two malls had started at Danaganj in East Nagpur and Jaripatka in North Nagpur, but there has not been any progress since 2008. If the projects had been completed as per schedule in 2009, citizens may have got proper services while NMC would have earned revenue.The five malls were to come up at Danaganj, Jaripatka, Sitabuldi, Gokulpeth and Panchpaoli. The private agency awarded the work order started work on two malls. However, work was affected by the slow down and came to a grinding halt in November 2008. The work order was cancelled in April 2010.It was then decided to issue fresh tenders. But it took two years to start the process. The work order of Danaganj Mall was given to another private agency in 2011. However, this agency is yet to start work at the site.Bids were later invited for Jaripatka mall also. The process of finalizing a work order itself took five months. Bids of the mall were opened on July 5. The proposal was sent to the standing committee for a decision to give work order to the highest bidder on August 9. The committee took the proposal on its agenda on September 26 but the proposal remained pending with the committee for two months. Finally, the proposal was cleared on November 24, but nothing has moved at the site till date.Sources told TOI the negligence of officials along with undue favours shown to agencies have hampered the projects. \"Agreement with the agency was to be signed within 15-30 days of getting the standing committee nod. The agreement has not been signed till date, though the approval came five months ago. Works have to be carried out in a given time period. Otherwise, action may be taken against the agency again for default. But the norms are ignored, resulting in inordinate delays,\" said sources.Admitting the delay, a senior NMC official said there were various reasons for the delay since 2007. \"Works are expected to pick up momentum as the state government has restored the FSI to 2.5 in the city last month. Process to restart the works is on,\" he said.However, it's over a month after restoration of FSI to 2.5, officials are coming with new reasons every week to explain the delay in construction of the malls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13141579", "title": "Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals finally gets funds for sterilization of stray dogs", "text": "NOIDA: Giving some much-needed relief to the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA), the only animal shelter in Noida, the Noida Authority paid the organization about Rs 9 lakh of the 60 lakh due to them on Monday. Even though an amount of Rs 5 lakh had been sanctioned for the organization every month by the Authority in October last year, for the last six months they had not received a single paisa.The sanctioned fund was to deal with the problem of stray dogs. The aim was to check the stray population in Noida by sterilizing nearly 2,400 dogs within a period of one year. \"In October, 2011, we received Rs 5 lakh from the Authority. This amount was to facilitate sterilization of about 200 dogs per month and the construction of about 70 kennels, which would have housed these strays,\" said Anuradha Dogra, member, managing committee, SPCA.An additional amount of Rs 4.90 lakh per month was also to have been given to the SPCA for caring for bigger animals and for the running the centre. While the Authority had increased the funds provided to the organization by almost double, the SPCA on its part had promised to check the population of stray dogs by implementing Animal Birth Control as well as undertaking rescue operations. \"Somehow, we carried on with birth control and day-to-day operations till February, but soon we had to stop all operations,\" Dogra said.After being paid the amount, the SPCA promises to re-start its stalled work of sterilization of dogs and caring for the strays. \"It is a relief that we have been paid the amount due to us for the months of November and December. This will help us repay our debts and pay for the medicines we had obtained on credit,\" Dogra said. \"As most of our staff had left us as their salaries were not paid, we will recruit more people and carry out at least 4 to 5 sterilizations till more funds pour in,\" she added. In the past four years, SPCA has been sterilizing 50 to 100 dogs a month and currently the shelter houses nearly 400 stray dogs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143046", "title": "Three auto drivers held for gangrape", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police arrested three auto drivers who allegedly gangraped a 19-year-old woman in an abandoned building at Khairatabad on May 10.Abdul Sami, 23, Hameed bin Saleem, 23, both from AC Guards, and Mohammed Moinuddin, 22, of Suleiman Nagar in Chintalmet were taken into custody. The victim, a 19-year-old housewife from Karimnagar, came to the city after an altercation with her husband the previous night.On May 10, Sami noticed the victim crying at the Lakdi-ka-pul bus stop and asked her what had happened. She told Sami that someone had stolen her bag containing gold jewellery and Rs 150 cash.Sami promised to help her out and asked the victim to get into his auto. While moving in the auto, Sami contacted two of his other associates and hatched a plan to rape her.As per Sami's directions, his associates reached an abandoned building near Nirankari junction and after the auto reached there, the trio dragged the woman inside and raped her, Saifabad inspector V Umender said.After committing the offence, the trio fled from the spot. Based on the complaint lodged by the victim, a rape case was booked by the Saifabad police. During the probe, police held Sami when he was waiting in his auto at Lakdi-ka-pul on Monday and, based on the info provided by him, his associates were also nabbed from their houses.They were produced in court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13144604", "title": "Stir widens rift in merged Air India", "text": "MUMBAI: The Air India management's handling of the current crisis has caused concern among a section of employees, who blame the problem on key posts in the merged airline being held by officials of the erstwhile Indian Airlines.\"The ongoing pilots' strike has sent the message that it helps to be from the erstwhile IA,\" said a spokesperson of the Aviation Industry Employees Guild (AIEG), a union that represents around 10,000 employees of the erstwhile AI. Former IA officials holding key posts in the merged airline include Vineeta Bhandari (executive director, integration cell and industrial relations), Deepa Mahajan (ED, personnel) and Deepak Brara (director, commercial and corporate affairs).\"Two of our office-bearers, for safety reasons, had refused to do overtime. On April 16, they were suspended. In my 25 years in AI, I have not seen such drastic action being taken over such a minor matter,\" the AIEG spokesperson said. \"It appeared to be a ploy to provoke us to go on strike and that sums up the pathetic state of industrial relations in AI.\"Last year, IA pilots went on an illegal strike demanding higher salaries and the management agreed to their demands. \"Now, Airbus-trained IA pilots want to fly the Boeing 787; the management has sidestepped its own agreement and is sending them for training,\" said a senior AI official. \"The Justice Dharmadhikari panel is to issue recommendations on such contentious merger issues. By not waiting for the report, the management has dishonoured the civil aviation ministry's order on the matter.\"A senior AI official said, \"Pilots may have gone on agitation during this peak season, but they would not have done so had the management held back its decision to send IA pilots for Boeing 787 training from May 7 onwards, thus giving them an unfair advantage in career progression.\" &#160;", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13143762", "title": "David Hussey breathes fresh air into Punjab campaign", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When Team Punjab paid $1.4 million, the second-highest for an international buy at the last IPL auction, they must have seen leadership potential in David Hussey.With Adam Gilchrist getting on in age, they needed to groom someone to take over the reigns. That investment, as it has turned out, is bearing fruit much earlier than planned.David Hussey isn't one of those Aussie cricketers to have set the international scene on fire. Having played only ODIs and T20s for Australia, he has been overshadowed by elder brother Mike. Yet, his ability to destroy bowling attacks and chip in with some handy overs of quality spin has made him a key player in the shorter version of the game.Whatever limited opportunities he has got to play international cricket, he has met with average success. But what has come to the fore in the ongoing IPL is his ability to handle young players and guide them during edge-of-the-seat contests.At the IPL auction last year, Hussey was the costliest pick after Mahela Jayawardene, commanding a better price than Dale Steyn, Jacques Kallis, AB de Villiers, Johan Botha or Gilchrist himself. Now the team is reaping the benefits of that investment. Hussey has enjoyed the support of Gilchrist, who has been grooming him to take over the captaincy. The hamstring injury to Gilly has meant that Hussey has had to take over the role of skipper.Gilly himself is full of praise of the way Hussey has guided the team on the field in his absence. \"He is an excellent captain. The way he has led from the front has been crucial for the team. He reads the situation well and has the ability to guide the younger players under him.\"We saw on Sunday night how he guided Gurkeerat Singh in tense situation. He was not averse to the youngster stealing the show. In fact he was there to encourage him.\"Commenting on TV, ex-India captain Sunil Gavaskar also heaped praise on the Aussie for the way in which he encouraged the youngsters on the field. \"Probably David has an advantage over Gilly. Not being as big a name as Gilly, the youngsters are not overawed by David's reputation and personality. He is more approachable. The way he has guided the young players in tense games has made the difference.\"It's not just about captaincy. He has led from the front, scoring vital runs or picking up crucial wickets to set up victories. On Sunday night he remained unbeaten on 65 to bag the manof-the-match award against Hyderabad and in the earlier away game against the same opponents, he grabbed two wickets in an over to turn the game on its head.Hussey is a simple guy willing to take a rap on the knuckles, as was proved during the infamous 'obstructing the ball' allegation during a game against India in the CB Series match in Sydney early this year.\"I was just trying to protect myself from (Suresh Raina's throw). I probably should have just let the ball hit me and then the whole situation would have been less frustrating. I can see how the Indians are frustrated with the decision but I certainly was protecting myself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13144174", "title": "Heritage sites may soon get back old sheen", "text": "VARANASI: The sites of religious, tourist and cultural importance may soon get their old glory back through a renovation and facelifting exercise. The regional tourism department has initiated a move to renovate, resurrect and restore all sites of tourist, both domestic and foreign, attraction.\"A number of projects to give fillip to tourism potential of the region are in the pipeline and they have been already placed before the Ministry of Tourism. Some of them have also got sanctioning and the work could start very soon for renovation and restoration of the sites. The projects cover a wide range of historically and religiously important sites apart from reviving the glory of local festivals in the region,\" regional tourism officer (RTO) Dinesh Kumar told TOI.As per reports of regional tourism department, the projects worth around Rs 51 crore have been put before the Tourism Ministry. They include renovation and restoration of old sites along with construction of concrete ghats on the embankments of the Ganga. As per the list, Sarnath, a pilgrimage for Buddhists, has attracted a project of Rs 17 cr that includes Rs 15 cr project for renovation of ancient Sarnath jheel (lake) and another Rs 2 crore project for renovation of the Deer Park. Ramnagar, another historical place linked to Raja of Banaras, is also on the list.According to RTO, apart from these historical places, special emphasis on development of Panchkroshi route has been also laid under the 'heritage development of Panchkroshi route', a project worth Rs 6 crore. Similarly, development of ghats, including Markandeya Mahadev Ghat in Kaithi and Garwha Ghat below the Viswasundari Bridge, under project worth Rs five crore, are also in the pipeline. Out of them, Rs 3.34 cr has been already sanctioned and the work would start soon, he added.While areas around Varanasi figure prominently on the list, efforts have been also been made to construct concrete ghat on the banks of Ganga in Mirzapur near the famous Vindhyavasini Temple in Vindhyachal area. \"It was a long pending demand of natives in the region and considering the heavy turn out of devout at the temple, especially during Chaitra and Shardiya Navratra, it became imperative to send such a proposal. The project is worth Rs 5 crore and it also promises to give a facelift to the area,\" added the RTO.A separate project of Rs 70 lakh has been also proposed to revive the tradition of the Ganga Mahotsav, Buddha Mahotsav and Kajari Mahotsav (Mirzapur) that attract people from various regions. A special project worth Rs 4.5 cr is also in the pipeline for coming up with an state-of-the-art signage to depict sites of cultural, religious and historical significance to the visitors at strategic locations in the region. Besides, a project to develop around 200 metre area between extended Asi Ghat and Ravidas Ghat at a cost of Rs 6.19 cr is also likely to start.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144371", "title": "Rajkiya Nirman Nigam offices raided in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city police on Monday initiated the proceeding for the cancellation of passports of two former managing directors and three general managers of Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Limited (UPRNNL) on Monday.On Monday, police raided office and godowns of the UP State Nirman Nigam, a public sector construction unit of the UP government.The action comes in wake of the ongoing investigation by the Lucknow police on a complaint filed by a sculptor Madan Lal of Agra that he was paid only Rs 7 lakh against the promised payment of Rs 48 lakh by the contractor Aditya Agrawal.The sculptor was given the work of carving an elephant from a stone. The work was given by the RNN contractor Aditya Agrawal. Following the complaint, late on Saturday night, Aditya was arrested by the police and on Sunday, the police had recovered the elephant statue, which was claimed by Madan Lal to have been carved by him.Agarwal, who worked for the UP State Nirman Nigam, was arrested on charges of duping Lal. Police also recovered Rs 63 lakh in cash from the basement of 'Lucknow Marbles', the office of Agrawal.\"As per the papers seized so far, we have reached the conclusion that while the cost of each elephant statue was Rs 5.62 lakh, Agarwal used to receive an additional Rs 47 lakh for polishing and transportation of a statue. There was clearly a scam in which the officers of UPRNNL were involved. We are expecting to unearth a bigger fraud after interrogating some of the officers and contractors,\" Lucknow DIG Aushotosh Pandey said. Police found documents during raids at office and godown of the UP State Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd (UPRNNM) which showed anomalies in tendering, payments to the sculptors and over evaluation of about 200 statutes of elephant at dalit parks and memorials. Now, the city police says that the scam involving the installation of statues at dalit memorials in Lucknow and Noida could be as big as Rs 300 crore.A police team led by SP (TG) RB Yadav reached the UPRNN office at around 12 noon and sought details of the tenders and work allocation related to elephant statues. During the examination of the files, the names of former UPRNN MDs CP Singh and Arvind Kumar Bhatia and three GMs H Kumar, AK Gautam and Avni Kumar cropped up. Apprehending that these officials could try to flee abroad, the police have written to regional passport officer (RPO) for the cancellation of their passports, DIG Ashutosh Pandey told TOI.About anything concrete with regard to the work allotment and tender allotment for statues installation, the DIG said that even though the files were being examined further, till now, what has come to the fore is the fact that Aditya Agrawal's firm had given second lowest bidding for the installation of the elephants even then the work was allocated to his firm.The DIG said that further investigation into the matter was going on.Earlier, the cops remained at the UPRNN office for over 4 hours checking various files with regards to tender process and other works carried out in various Mayawati's dream project. The DIG said that examining of suspected files was still going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13144076", "title": "Now, auto &amp; taxi survey to determine future fare hike", "text": "MUMBAI: The three regional transport offices in the city will finish conducting a survey on autos and taxis in the next two days and the result will be used to determine the rate at which fares should be raised in future . Each RTO has been allotted 24 hourstocompletethestudy .\"Recently ,weincreased auto and taxi fares based on the rise in fuel prices or capital costs of vehicles . But the next raise will be based on several other parameters and it will be a realistic hike,\" said an officialfrom thetransportcommissioner'soffice .\"Today ,we are plying five autos and five taxis (Padmini Fiats ) in the eastern suburbs on an eight-hour shift. Thirty 'observers' , comprising 10 RTO inspectors , 10 commuters /activists and 10union members ,willtrailthe vehiclesfrom thedriver's home to the roads where he ferries passengers and back to his home at night ,\" said deputy RTO (Wadala ) Abhay Deshpande . The purpose of shadowing a driver is to study every practicalfactor thatinfluenceshisdaily operationalcosts . \"Wewill ascertain the distance run on 1 kg CNG. This will include the productive kms (when passengers are ferried ), the dead km (when the driver seeks commuters ) andthewaiting time ,\" he added .Other factors like time and distance covered by a driver from home to workplace and back will also be considered . Andheri RTO official Shailesh Meshram said , \"Our men arebeing assisted by activists and union members , who doublecheck the facts . So there are actually three reports , which are tabulated attheendof theday .\"The final report will be submitted to the Hakim panel that willcomputeformulaefor hikes in thefaresfor taxis and autos .'Old cabs have lowest mileage'T hough RTO officials remained tightlipped about the findings of the survey, a source told TOI on Monday that the mileage for taxis were found to be in the range of 15 to 20 km for every kg of gas, while that of autos 20 to 25 km. The source added that the mileage for Fiat Padmini taxis was the lowest, somewhere close to 15 km/kg, while that of brand new autos were the highest, close to 25 km/kg. An auto driver made at least 20 trips a day, while a cabbie completed at least five to eight trips. Till Monday, it was found that 40% taxis in the island city were Fiat Padmini and in the suburbs, the figure was 30%. But an RTO official said, \"It is too early to comment or disclose anything.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13143826", "title": "822 trees to be hacked in Mumbai for utility projects", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move that could attract public criticism , the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's Tree Authority committee passed 24 proposals to fell 822 trees across the city for utility projects on Monday. Of the 822 trees, the civic body will cut down 223 in Mulund (E)-railway culvert to Jai Hind Colony- for widening a nullah. The decision was taken after tree committee members recently visited the site.The civic body said a survey of all the areas was done before the proposal was floated . In most cases, the trees are being felled for road work, widening of nullahs or laying water lines. Tree Authority members demanded that there must be proper scrutiny to ensure the trees have been transplanted.Following demands from a few corporators, civic chief Sitaram Kunte told the civic administration to make a detailed report of all trees felled last year and the number transplanted so far. \"We had demanded a detailed report of trees that have been cut and transplanted over the past one year. A proper database should be in place so that further studies on the city's tree population can be undertaken ,\" said BJP leader and tree authority member Ameet Satam.Several other demands were made by committee members. The civic body is also likely to make a detailed study of the number of trees felled over the past one year due to development projects like the Metro. \"There is no information on the number of trees cut for development projects,\" added Satam.On Tuesday, the BMC will embark on its pre-monsoon survey of vulnerable and dangerous trees. The annual trimming of trees will also begin from Tuesday. The tree authority members demanded that the exercise should be completed before the monsoon . Manisha Choudhry, tree authority member, said, \"A ward-wise survey of dangerous trees that may cause damage this monsoon will begin soon.\" Members also passed a resolution that it would be mandatory for the committee to visit the site if more than 10 trees had to be cut. A former member of the tree authority said, \"Often, under the guise of storm water drain widening, trees are sanctioned for cutting but the land is used for commercial purposes.\"Green DangerAug 25, '11:Milestone Capital CEO and MD Ved Prakash Arya died after a coconut tree fell on him at a municipal garden in VersovaJuly 18, '11:A woman and her six-month-old daughter died after a banyan tree fell on them in Nariman Point", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13145713", "title": "Government to rein in rickshaws ferrying schoolchildren", "text": "PUNE: The 9,000-odd autorickshaws ferrying schoolchildren in the city will have to meet safety standards as the state government has finally proposed to bring the three-wheelers under the purview of the Maharashtra Motor Vehicles (Regulations For School Buses) Rules 2011.When rules were implemented for school buses last year, city-based social groups had expressed surprise over the government leaving rickshaws out.The government has proposed to make amendments to the rules pertaining to buses (see page 2) while also bringing rickshaws under the ambit. The draft rules say that rickshaws with hardtop and \"closed-type body\" are to be brought under the regulatory norms. The seating arrangement and safety features are to be approved by the transport commissioner from time to time. However, the safety features and seating arrangements are yet to be announced by the state transport department.Citizens can send their suggestions and objections before May 22 to the Transport Commissioner, Maharashtra, 3rd/4th floor, administrative building, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051.Prashant Inamdar of NGO Pedestrians First, who has been pursuing the issue of school bus safety, has said that the government should clarify whether rickshaws with canvas hood will be allowed to carry children or not. The school bus rules say that any vehicle with canvas hood will not be allowed to operate as school bus. However, such autorickshaws are being used for ferrying schoolchildren.The proposed amendment does not mention specific norms for autorickshaws, Inamdar said. In his suggestions sent to the transport commissioner, Inamdar said that autorickshaws should have a fixed grill at the right exit up to two-third height. A hinged grill-door of the same height with outside latch should be provided at the left exit. Arrangements should be made for keeping school bags behind the passenger seat and below the driver's seat. Bags should not be hung at the sides and protrude out of the vehicle, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143116", "title": "Junior actor charges film producer with extortion", "text": "HYDERABAD: A small-time actor, Sunder, who is also said to be a stuntman, has lodged a complaint with the CB-CID against Telugu film producer Natti Kumar alleging that the latter had tried to extort Rs 1 crore from him in the name of gangster Bhanu.On Monday, Sunder approached CID DIG BL Sujatha Rao saying that the film producer had threatened him using Bhanu's name when asked to repay a loan of Rs 1 crore he had given him. Sunder told cops that he can produce promissory notes and post-dated cheques issued by Kumar as documentary evidence to support his allegation.However, with additional DG CID chief SV Ramana Murthy on leave, the investigating officers asked Sunder to come back on Tuesday with the supporting documents.This development takes place against the backdrop of Kumar crying foul over another producer, C Kalyan's, alleged links with Bhanu, with the former even giving evidence to CB-CID to back his allegations.Kumar was on Monday questioned by CB-CID after having appeared in person before the agency last Saturday.When asked about Sunder's complaint, Kumar told TOI that the allegations lacked substance. He said that Sunder was himself acting at the behest of Kalyan and even charged that Sunder, accompanied by 10 others, had on April 19 visited his office and threatened to eliminate him.Kumar said that the present issue was the fallout of a financial dispute with one Manivarnan, who is involved in liquor business. \"Sunder came to my office and demanded Rs 1 crore for settling the dispute. I told him that I would handle my own financial issues and that his interference was not needed. When they threatened me, I approached the SR Nagar police and registered a complaint against Sunder,\" Kumar said. Kumar, however, alleged that the police did not act on his complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143970", "title": "Woman kills self over ice cream", "text": "CHENNAI: A 38-year-old woman burnt herself at her residence in Thiru Vi Ka Nagar on Sunday night, allegedly after being chided by her husband for buying their children ice creams.Police said Devi told her husband Prakash, 40, after he came home in the evening, about what she had bought and was scolded for giving them something that could harm their health.Upset with this, she doused herself with kerosene and set herself ablaze before Prakash could come to her rescue, police said. She was rushed to the Government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital where she died. She had sustained 70% burns, police said.The woman's relatives lodged a police complaint, alleging foul play in the incident and demanding action against Prakash. He often quarreled with her over trivial issues and this could have led to the death, they alleged.A case was registered under CrPC section 174 and Prakash detained for questioning and was later let off on Monday.A Revenue Divisional Officer (RDO) probe has been ordered into the incident as they two were married for only six years. The couple had two daughters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "13145566", "title": "Two suffocate to death in well", "text": "ANGUL: Two villagers died of suffocation in a well in Kualo village under Parjang police limits in Dhenkanal district on Monday. The duo, identified as Benudhara Biswala and Kumara Behera, had gone down into the well to take out an aluminum pot that had fallen into it. Parjang police rushed to the village and recovered the bodies. Sources said, Biswala first climbed down into the well to fetch the aluminum pot. When he did not come out after some time Behera went into the well with the help of a rope. Police sent the bodies for postmortem and a case was registered at Parjang police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13143256", "title": "Bihar to hire 1500 doctors", "text": "GAYA: The state government will shortly recruit 1,500 doctors. The recruitment process will be completed by the end of June. State health secretary Sanjay Kumar said at Bodh Gaya on Monday that besides the 1,500 doctors, the government would appoint 394 assistant professors for government medical colleges in the state.Health officials also favour the involvement anganwadi workers in the execution of child health and immunization programmes.Delivering the keynote address at the Integrated Management of Neonatal and Childhood Illness (IMNCI) programme review-cum-orientation meet which began at Bodh Gaya on Monday, Kumar said six ICDS services namely Immunization, health check up, nutrition, health education and referral services could be effectively delivered by trained anganwadi workers.The programme has been jointly organized by the State Health Society and Department of Social Welfare, Bihar government, in collaboration with the UNICEF .Kumar revealed that a total of 33,000 anganwadi workers have already been trained in the Integrated Management of Neonatal and childhood illness. He exhorted the medical colleges of the state to take up the leadership role in the implementation of these programmes. Admitting infrastructural shortcomings, Kumar expressed the hope that these shortcomings would be effectively overcome.The review meet aimed at sharing the experience gained during the implementation the IMNCI in 15 Bihar districts a few years back and work out an improvisation strategy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142488", "title": "20 days on, 2 held for Nehru Place murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: For 20 days, cops groped in the dark for clues to nail the killers of the woman, whose body was found dumped under a Metro pillar in Nehru Place. On Monday, they finally had a breakthrough with the arrest of two cabbies.Cops claimed the two had picked up the 25-year-old (with her consent), taken her to Lodhi Institutional Area where they got physical with her, and then strangulated her in their bid to muffle her protests.The accused, Sikander Singh alias Soni and Pradeep Singh, both from Ropar in Punjab, dumped the body near the MTNL office in Nehru Place and went to a Greater Kailash bar.They had another round of drinks later at the Zamrudpur taxi stand. They were taxi drivers with Heera Travels of Nehru Place.The body was found on April 24. A case was registered at the Kalkaji police station.The woman had her husband's name tattooed on her right arm, and this helped cops to trace him to Sector-16 in Rohini.\"Probe revealed that on the night of April 23, her husband - an autorickshaw driver - had dropped her near Defence Colony flyover roundabout.\"After some time, she called her husband using her mobile and told him that she was going along with two men in a taxi having registration number 9551. With this input, intensive searches were conducted on over 100 vehicles having this registration number in Delhi, Haryana, UP and Punjab.\"Each car's colour and car owner's movement in southeast Delhi were verified and cops closed down on the registration number PB-01-9551.\"Their suspicion deepened when the vehicle was attached to a travel agency in Nehru Place, very close to the place where the body was found,\" said Chand.The ownership of the vehicle was ascertained and it was found to be registered in the name of Pradeep. A team was sent to Ropar to ascertain his whereabouts. \"We learnt that Pradeep had left for the capital in his Indigo. On May 13, the investigators tracked him down to Moti Bagh where his associate Sikander was living. Both were arrested,\" said additional DCP Sanjay Bhatia. He and inspector Rajesh Kumar led the team.During their interrogation, both the accused said they had been dead drunk at the time of murder. After having drinks, Pradeep dropped Sikander at Greater Kailash and returned to Nehru Place to spend the night. Sikander was a school dropout and unmarried.He had come to Delhi seven years ago to work as a taxi driver. Pradeep, too, didn't finish school, but he was married. He had come to Delhi in 2002 and started working as a taxi driver at Nehru Place before buying his own car a few years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13142633", "title": "Newborn girl found abandoned", "text": "Alappuzha: A newborn baby girl was found abandoned on the side of National Highway 47 near Murikkanmoodu Junction within Kayamkulam Police Station limits on Monday morning.Kayamkulam DySP S Devamanohar told TOI that the infant was found abandoned near the compound wall of Kuttitheruvu Juma Masjid. The devotees who arrived at the mosque around 6.30am found the infant and informed the police. The child was immediately rushed to Kayamkulam Taluk Hospital and later produced before district Child Welfare Committee (CWC). \"We have registered a case in connection with the incident and an investigation is on to trace the parents of the baby,\" the DySP said.The CWC shifted the baby to Women and Children's Hospital, at Kadappuram here, where Amma Thottil, a cradle for abandoned children, is functioning.\"The baby, apparently two-day old, is healthy. The child will be shifted to a care home of the social welfare department after the CWC meeting on Wednesday,\" CWC member M K Abdul Samad told TOI.Meanwhile, the CWC members have lodged a complaint with district police chief K G James alleging that there were no police personnel present when the infant was brought to them. The new born girl was brought by a male nurse in an ambulance from Kayamkulam hospital to the CWC office in Alappuzha. \"As per rules, a police officer has to be present when an abandoned baby is produced before the CWC. The cops are also responsible to submit a report in connection with the incident to the committee. But the Kayamkulam police have failed to do so,\" Abdul Samad said.However, the DySP said that the allegations levelled by CWC members were baseless. \"An additional sub-inspector and woman civil police officer accompanied the ambulance from Kayamkulam. We have also filed a report in this connection to the CWC,\" the DySP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13145048", "title": "Has Rajkumar Santoshi lost his midas touch?", "text": "With debts running into crores of rupees and five non-starter projects in his kitty, how did the hitmaker who gave us films like Ghayal and Damini suddenly turn into an industry pariahThe man who gave us hits like Ghayal, Damini and more recently Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani has suddenly become a pariah of sorts in the industry, what with debts running into crores of rupees. One wonders what went wrong? Santoshi has announced five films in less than three years. Firoz Nadiadwala's Power starring Amitabh Bachchan , Sanjay Dutt , Ajay Devgn and Anil Kapoor . Ramayan starring Ajay Devgn and Kajol , Ashtavinayak's Ladies and Gentlemen, a film starring Abhay Deol-Sonam Kapoor, and a film for Vashu Bhagnani. However, till date, none of these films have gone on floors save for Power which too got shelved after eight days of shooting. Has Santoshi lost his midas touch? The director has allegedly taken big signing amounts from several producers and not only been unable to put the projects on the runway but also not returned the money. A source from Ashtavinayak told us, Santoshi owes them nearly Rs 4 crore but has been ignoring their calls and messages. \"We were supposed to make Ladies and Gentlemen but the film did not happen for some reason and we shelved it. Santoshi should return the signing amount we gave him.\" In fact, basis conversations we had with producers Santoshi has signed deals with, he owes them as much as Rs 12 crore. So why is he in such a mess? Is it only about the moolah (or lack of it) or is there more to it than meets the eye? Trade analyst Amod Mehra said, \"I think it's either a case of confusion or lack of confidence. Seems, Santoshi is not sure of what he wants to make.\" A source on condition of anonymity said, \"Santoshi is too funny. He lacks story ideas. He lacks the creative punch he had in the 90s. He is still a fine filmmaker but his whole style of functioning has changed. He has more proposals and less implementation. He is just jumping from one producer's office to another.\" Trade analyst Taran Adarsh is of the opinion Santoshi needs to pull up his socks. Without mincing words, he said, \"I wouldn't say Santoshi has lost focus. He is a fine filmmaker but he cannot shirk away from the fact if his films don't roll.\" Asked why Santoshi is seen spending most of his time with Sunny Deol at the actor's Juhu office these days, a leading distributor told us, \"They say they've patched up and might do a film together, but will the film see the light of day? Today, Santoshi is more interested in production than in direction. Hope you get the drift.\" Some time ago, Santoshi was heard saying Siddharth Jain of iRock cannot make an animated version of Andaz Apna Apna since the rights are with him. Quizzed about this, producer Vinay Sinha said, \"I don't understand Santoshi's problem. Jain isn't making a sequel. I have given him the rights to make the animated version.\" When we contacted Santoshi, he tried to explain his position to us, \"I have taken Rs 4 crore from Ashtavinayak. But why should I return the money? Even if the film did not happen, haven't I already invested 18 months of my time in it? Ladies and Gentlemen was supposed to be a co-production between them and me. But if they have a dispute with me, I haven't been told by them. And I am still ready to make another film with them.\" What about the alleged Rs 8 crore he has taken from Nadiadwala? \"That is a very high figure. I have received less than that. But the contract has much more money. The film didn't happen due to date issues of actors. Moreover, Firoz and I are still trying to put it together.\" About the five films that haven't gone on floors yet, Santoshi said, \"I can assure you I am not the reason for it. Ladies and Gentlemen did not happen because Aishwarya got pregnant. Ramayan is too big a project to put together immediately. Abhay Deol didn't want to do the film I had planned with him and Sonam. Vashu's film didn't happen because a suitable heroine could not be signed.\" The only person who supports Santoshi in all of this is the producer of Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani Ramesh Taurani. \"I don't know about other producers but I am backing Santoshi. I will make a film with him in the near future,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142412", "title": "Cops thwart suicide attempt at India Gate", "text": "NEW DELHI: There was high drama at India Gate on Monday afternoon when a 25-year-old woman threatened to kill herself by drinking acid, blaming police inaction in the case of her missing husband. But the Shakarpur resident was overpowered before she could harm herself.The woman, Arti, reportedly arrived at Boat Club around 12.15pm, soaked in kerosene and with a bottle of acid in her hand.\"She jumped into the pool behind Krishi Bhawan and started shouting at the cops about not being able to meet her husband. She threatened to consume acid if they did not do something about it,\" said a witness, adding that she also threatened to set herself alight.When a woman constable tried to talk Arti out of her plan, she did not waver but moved away, raising the bottle to her lips. The other police personnel present at the scene then tried to divert her attention, to let the woman constable move closer and knock the bottle out of Arti's hand.Spotting her chance, the constable rushed at Arti, shoving her back and pushing the bottle aside to keep the acid flying out of it from touching them. Arti fell in the water and the cops swooped down on her. She was quickly removed to a nearby hospital for a check-up.Police said Arti had married one Manish Verma in 2010 against the wishes of their families. She alleged that her mother-in-law used to torture her.\"We have informed Arti's family and her husband about the incident. Shakarpur police will look into her allegations about her mother-in-law,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13143357", "title": "In Bihar poor children get schoolbags", "text": "PATNA: ACC Limited, under its corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiative, distributed schoolbags, slate and pencil boxes to the children of construction workers at the Ramkrishna Nagar site of a construction firm here. About 200 construction workers were present on the occasion. ACC's customer service incharge, Sudhir Prasad, customer service officer Amarendra Prakash and marketing incharge S Sundaram were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143594", "title": "MPs seek urgent action to save the Ganga", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ganga is being subjected to \"female infanticide\" in the hills of Uttarakhand with dozens of dams planned along its course and the river is faring no better in the plains where big cities are emptying their waste, turning it into a giant sewer.In a discussion in Lok Sabha on Monday evening, MPs of all political plumages united in demanding urgent action to save the Ganga, which they said is the life source of regions its flows through while also being a powerful symbol of cultural and spiritual renewal.The anguish of 50-odd MPs present in the House was evident with BJP's Yogi Adityanath forcefully arguing that nearly 20 years of a Supreme Court-monitored clean-up and thousands of crores of rupees had failed to save the Ganga that was even more polluted today.Adityanath reeled off the projects being planned in the upper reaches and said the river was being strangled in its initial phases. \"I was born and grew up in Uttarakhand though I am not there now. The river is being forced into tunnels and its flow bound in dams,\" he said.Samajwadi Party's Reoti Raman Singh, who represents Allahabad, spoke before the Gorakhpur MP and said, \"Just as girls are being killed in the womb, Ganga is being killed as well.\" He said for all the massive budgets consumed by the Ganga and Yamuna action plans, there was little evidence of any action on the ground. \"Try and look for the offices of agencies responsible for the plans... every now and then you may see a jeep, that's all,\" he said.While Adityanath pointed to the unique cultural and spiritual significance of the Ganga, Congress's Satpal Maharaj said one of Ganga's main tributaries, the Bhagirathi, was running dry. \"It is only at Dev Prayag that Alaknanda and Bhagirathi meet to become the Ganga, but one part has no water,\" he said.Raman Singh also read out reports that water levels in the river were falling while Adityanath quoted figures on how cities like Delhi, Lucknow, Kanpur and Allahabad were pouring millions of litres of untreated sewage into the river.BSP Vijay Bahadur Singh said the pollution had reached unbearable levels and pointed to the stretch from Kanpur to Allahabad which he said was inundated by the refuse of tanneries. \"No life can survive in these waters. No fish can live in the water there,\" he said. He also castigated the practice of dumping dead animals, religious statues and half-burnt bodies into the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13145685", "title": "Urban agriculture idea brings farms to high-rises", "text": "PUNE: Multi-storied buildings, apart from providing residential and commercial space, can also take care of the city's basic food needs.Pune has grown to encompass large tracts of agricultural land in its backyard which provided supplies of vegetables and fruits. Now, it gets them from the corners of Pune district and far-off places in South Maharashtra.This is why experts are keen on vertical urban agriculture where, as the city grows height-wise, multi-storied buildings with vertical farms can take care of these needs.The city is set to have more high rises as the steering committee on urbanisation has backed several measures including higher Floor Space Index (FSI) for high-density growth. This would directly impact food needs as more agriculture land will be converted into residential zones.Pune has its share of terrace kitchen gardens, hot houses inside flats, use of empty parking space and vertical gardens. But, the future is in vertical urban agriculture where high-rises provide a temperature-controlled environment to grow fruits, vegetables, and flowers.They can be grown hydroponically (nutrient-enriched water) or aeroponically (nutrient-enriched air), without the need for soil or compost. Experts said some floors can be dedicated to growing rice and others to growing fruits.Vertical farms on the periphery of the city can process their own garbage and use gray water, acting as a water-purification method for the surrounding city and providing clean drinking water, experts said.Tillable land in the city's fringes is shrinking. Moreover, 20 fringe villages are set for a merger with the Pune Municipal Corporation, throwing open thousands of acres of farmland for development. A consensus-building exercise urging corporators to approve the merger proposal is currently underway.A few years ago, 938 acres of agricultural land in Mundhwa was converted to residential use. Mundhwa, largely agrarian till the conversion of land use, grew sugarcane on vast tracts. The civic body also approved another proposal to convert agricultural tracts in Lohegaon, Pashan and Sangamwadi for residential use.Pune is among five districts in the country with the 'most significantly degraded' land. A report, 'Impact of climate change on land degradation over India', compiled by researchers of the National Climate Centre (NCC) of the India Meteorological Department (IMD) last year stated that rapid urbanization and industrialization are among the factors responsible for the quality of land changing for the worse and if the degradation continued, large tracts could become useless for farming.The Pune ExperimentThe Pune Municipal Corporation had initiated a city farming project in 2008 where citizens were encouraged to grow vegetables and crops on allocated land. The civic body started the process of acquiring a three-acre plot in Salisbury Park and announced a plan to provide land, seeds, fertilisers and water free to interested persons and help them market the produce.\"The project was not a profit-making venture, but a step towards an eco-friendly initiative. It was to allow people to experience the joy of farming and provide quality produce. However, the top officials never showed any interest in the project and the garden department was not encouraged enough to go ahead with it. No political party supported the experiment. As the result, the idea died,\" a former PMC official, who part of the team that initiated the project, said.Some groups like Abhinav Farmers' Club have introduced a 'kitchen garden' concept to over 350 flat owners in the city and are working with another 300 orders.\"We offer help at a price to those who want to grow brinjal, cauliflower, garlic or other vegetables at home. The customer gets a set of pots with vegetable plants, a chart of instructions for watering and harvesting of the produce, a pair of scissors, a pesticide spray pump and a box with earthworm cultured soil which can convert kitchen waste into fertilizer. If the person spends 15 minutes daily for the kitchen garden, he can get two kg vegetables every week,\" Dnyaneshwar Bodke, founder and chairman of the club, said.But the concept is not growing as fast as expected. \"People pay attention to plans till we provide the service for a year. They then begin to neglect it,\" he said. Urban agriculture is the only way to sustain flow of agri products to growing population, he said.\"Getting vacant plots for agriculture in the city is impossible. Peri-agriculture seems a distant dream with farmers inclined to develop their farmland for constructions which yields more money,\" said Ramchandra Gohad, former town planner and a member of the Pune Metropolitan Regional Development Authority land acquisition committee.FAO Concept", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141762", "title": "Energy drinks not very healthy, say health experts", "text": "NAGPUR: Health experts have long been taking the fizz out of carbonated drinks. Now, they seem to disagree with the concept of 'health drinks' or 'energy drinks' as well.Drinks and powders promoted as health enhancers only give lip service as part of their marketing campaigns, say city's nutritionists. These drinks, that have found favour with the younger lot for their cool quotient, can in fact end up harming them in the long run, they say.\"Any consumable that has been through processing will have some artificial elements that would not be too good healthwise. They have a lot of concentrated sugar, can cause acidity and are often addictive for kids,\" said Kavita Bakshi, secretary of the city chapter of the Indian Dietetic Association (IDA). She stressed that nothing could top fruit juices made at home when one is looking for a healthy drink.\"Most drinks that are promoted as energy boosters have glucose which perks them up for sometime. However, they also have harmful empty calories which release carcinogenic free radicals in the body and can also lead to kidney ailments,\" informed dietitian Ruchika Kadhav.Healthier alternatives to these products would be getting protein in natural forms from eggs, egg white, milk and dairy products, sprouts and soya milk for sportspersons, she suggested. Many of the more health conscious people these days are seen consuming protein shakes and supplements without consulting doctors or dietitians. \"This habit can prove to be harmful for health in the long run,\" added Kadhav.The popularity of these drinks among collegians is also a big concern for nutritionist Anju Mahurkar. \"Energy drinks have 2-3 times more caffeine than cola. They have high amounts of caffeine and torreine which sap energy rather than providing it. The high level of sugar in these drinks creates an imbalance in one's blood sugar level. They also cause stomach upset and anxiety attacks among other problems,\" she said. Traditional drinks like buttermilk and coconut water should be more preferable according to Mahurkar.\"Most of these drinks are meant for sportspeople, that too under expert guidance after calculation of their energy requirement. Common people should avoid having them unless advised by a doctor,\" said dietitian Pallavi Khandekar. Since the drinks have a very high amount of carbohydrates and no other nutritional value, they can cause harm by providing too much of one element, she said.Consuming more proteins than the body requires can lead to accumulation of uric acid in the stomach, explained nutritionist Diivya Thakkar. \"Still the products cannot always be said to be harmful. They are very helpful for vegetarians who do not have many dietary options for protein consumption. Some companies are known to be making herbal products which are not very harmful,\" she said adding that for those who have the option, consuming any nutrient in its natural form is always the best option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144339", "title": "Government hospitals need a shot in the arm", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 'thread of trouble' is common across most of the public sector healthcare facilities - an acute shortage of doctors and nursing staff. Anybody taking a dear one to these hospitals can have the first-hand account of the extent of the problem. Getting the registration done is the first test of patience, thanks to the serpentine queues outside registration counters that move at a snail pace.Except for the SGPGI where registration is valid for a whole year, passing this test is mandatory every 15 days at all other government hospitals. Thereafter, the patient and attendant have to wait outside the doctors' chamber. The wait here could stretch from an hour to half a day. One will find a similar waiting list outside pathologies for giving samples, getting diagnostic tests done and collecting their reports. All government hospitals are facing the pinch of staff crunch.Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University at present has 350 doctors against the minimum requirement of 500. These doctors are responsible for patient care services, teaching and research. \"Not all of them are available on a given day. Therefore the burden on a single doctor is quite high,\" said Prof SN Shankhwar, chief medical superintendent, CSMMU.At SGPGI, there are 145 faculty against 250 sanctioned posts. The shortage of nurses, paramedical staff and technicians is equally high. Since the institution is a tertiary care organization, the deficit of nurses pinches the most. \"We have 921 fully functional beds but just 300-odd nurses. The shortage of human resources is more strongly felt considering the ever-increasing burden of patients. In 2011-12, more than 3.6 lakh new patients were seen at our OPD,\" said Prof RK Sharma, director, SGPGIMS.The situation is no better at Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Sciences and Rural Institute of medical Sciences, Saifai, which has become a 'VIP' centre after Samajwadi Party stormed back to power. Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Science director Prof MC Pant said that against 61 sanctioned posts, only 17 faculty members are available. \"The process for recruitment is on but we do not get many people.\" Similarly, shortage of teaching staff at RIMS, Saifai, has been recorded by the Medical Council of India.Dearth of working hands at government hospitals hits the common man the most who cannot afford to take appointments and consult private practitioners. Statistics available at state health directorate reveal that the government has sanctioned 14,787 posts for doctors in specialist and general cadres. Close to 9,000 doctors are working against the sanctioned strength. But many of these doctors (at least 1,500) are deputed on administrative posts which further increases the demand and supply gap.Health and family welfare minister Ahmed Hasan recently told TOI that he was seized of the matter. \"Ensuring quality health care service to the common man is the priority of our government. But appointments cannot be finalized overnight. Recruitment will follow as per procedure. Till all this takes shape, orders have been issued to optimally use the available resources,\" he said.The institutions are also putting in their bit to sort the workforce crisis. When chief secretary, Jawed Usmani, who is also the chairman of SGPGI board, visited the institute, the doctors there suggested that the retirement age of the doctors and staff should be increased to 65 years from the present age of 60 years. They also suggested creation of additional posts in faculty and paramedical staff categories. Some teachers are of the view that if creating new posts and appointing new people was a long-drawn process, the government may consider outsourcing. Similarly, the CSMMU has submitted a proposal for appointment of 160 medical and 181 dental faculty members to cope up with the needs.Analyzing the problem in a larger perspective, Prof MC Pant said, \"Private sector is way ahead of the government hospitals in terms of pay packages. But we can definitely compensate in kind. Providing a healthy research atmosphere by issuing small grants, increasing retirement age to 65 years, sponsoring good candidates for international seminars and continuing medical education programmes are some of the solutions.\"Former president of government doctors association added that government services in general lost their charm significantly after the advent of the contributory pension era. Prior to 2004, pension was awarded by the government but now both the employee has to contribute an amount to be able to draw pension after retirement. \"Areas such as health, where the private sector is booming, a shot in the arm is needed,\" he stated.Times ViewIn UP, where the number of government hospital beds available per thousand population is just around 0.3, the availability of doctors is equally worse. Since most of the public sector hospitals are working at almost half the sanctioned strength, even the proper delivery of health care is a big challenge, forget about its quality. This has happened mainly because government hospitals have lost their charm among budding doctors. While private sectors hospitals offer a much better pay package and facilities, the job in a government hospital is all about dealing with a flood of patients at an abysmally low compensation. Until the government wakes up to this fact and makes the job of a government doctor attractive, the shortfall of hands will continue to plague the health care delivery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13142731", "title": "MGS seeks expulsion of Centre for Heritage Studies registrar", "text": "KOZHIKODE: MGS Narayanan, director general (DG) of the Centre for Heritage Studies (CHS), demanded here on Monday the expulsion of the registrar of the centre alleging irregularities.He also emphasized the need for a detailed inquiry into the financial deals conducted by the registrar during the tenure of the previous government. He alleged that auditors had cited irregularities in their reports.\"The registrar has been acting on behalf of the CHS without forwarding necessary papers to the DG. The DG has disowned all such actions of the registrar to this day, and has stated that he cannot take responsibility for any such action,\" stated MGS, quoting the minutes of the governing body meeting on February 15.\"As the governing body meeting directed the registrar to function under the guidance of the DG and decided that CHS accounts would be jointly operated by the registrar and the dean of academic affairs, the registrar is now trying to delay the payment to casual labourers of the CHS by not signing the cheques,\" alleged MGS Narayanan.MGS said none of the three diploma courses offered by the centre from 2008 had been approved by any of the universities in the state. \"Nor am I aware of any move by the former governing body to seek recognition for the courses,\" he added.Both the auditor and the accountant general's office had made remarks about the poor conduct of courses without recognition from the universities, said MGS Narayanan.The fate of around 50 diploma students (archaeology, musicology, archival studies and conservation) is in the balance as these courses are not recognized, he said.He added that the present governing body had decided to constitute an academic council to review and restructure all academic courses immediately.Library: The centre has only 1,400 books in its library of which 90 are missing, said MGS citing the absence of a reference library to promote heritage studies. The governing body has decided to appoint a qualified library consultant and create a new website with the help of government agencies.MGS also alleged irregularities in the discontinuation of journal and newsletter published by the CHS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13143139", "title": "CBSE affiliated schools to impart lessons on road safety rules", "text": "INDORE: With the coming session, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) affiliated schools will have to impart lessons to their students on Essential Road Safety rules from standard VI to XII, says a notification issued by CBSE office, Delhi. The traffic rules would also be taught to the teaching and non-teaching staff.As part of its Comprehensive School Health and Safety Programme and Adolescence Education Programme, the CBSE through the course aims at educating students on road safety and measures for safe driving. The course comprising twelve lessons has been researched and designed by the Police Training and Research Institute (PTRI). Under the programme, compulsory seminars and workshops for students will be organised to highlight the importance of traffic rules, road safety and ensure better understanding of road traffic.As per the CBSE notification, the course will consist of two modules--one for VI-VIII standard students and second for IX-XII standard students. Students in schools will be educated on road safety an hour per week during curricular and sports classes.Professionals and traffic experts would also be invited to hold seminars to give students a holistic understanding about the traffic in the city and practical guidelines to follow traffic rules and ensure road safety.Similar classes will also be held in colleges to make students aware and deal with several traffic problems in the city. They will be taken to city squares for comprehensive understanding of traffic rules and guidelines.Traffic expert Prafull Joshi said, \"People in Indore lack traffic sense and such an initiative would ensure that today's generation is aware of traffic rules and road safety measures.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13143499", "title": "BJP raising citizenship issue with eye on Lok Sabha polls: Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: A day after BJP president Nitin Gadkari advocated granting citizenship to Hindus from Bangladesh in the state, chief minister Tarun Gogoi criticized the saffron party saying that it was raising the issue with an eye on the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.Taking a potshot at Gadkari's remark that the Congress government did nothing to provide citizenship to the Hindus from Bangladesh in the state, Gogoi said BJP should be blamed for ignoring the issue when the NDA was in power.\"BJP did nothing when the NDA was in power. Instead, Atal Behari Vajpayee suggested giving work permits to migrants from Bangladesh. I want to ask Gadkari why BJP did not give citizenship of the Hindus when the party was in power. It is very clear now that BJP's sympathy for the Hindus comes only before elections. After polls are over, BJP forgets them,\" Gogoi said.The chief minister also said that it was he who for the first time raised the issue of \"humanitarian consideration\" for people who fled Bangladesh due to persecution, atrocities and violence with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.He added that unlike BJP, he has asked for \"humanitarian consideration\" not only for Hindus but also for Buddhists, Christians and Muslims who were forced to leave their country.\"We are asking for humanitarian consideration for different communities. But BJP is talking only for the Hindus,\" Gogoi added.The chief minister said that BJP also did nothing when the doubtful voters category came up in 1998 for the first time.\"We didn't create doubtful voters. The category emerged for the first time in 1998 when BJP was also in power at the Centre. It is we who are demanding a solution to the doubtful voters issue,\" Gogoi argued.On Sunday, Gadkari blamed successive Congress governments both at the Centre and the state for ignoring the rights of Hindus. The BJP chief also said that his party was planning to move court seeking citizenship for Hindus.Since last year, the issue centering on citizenship, refugee status and humanitarian consideration for Hindus from Bangladesh has become one of most contested political topics for Congress and BJP.Although BJP has for a long time been demanding safeguards for Hindus from Bangladesh, Gogoi robbed the saffron party of its vital issue ahead of the assembly polls last year by announcing that Hindus from Bangladesh would be given refugee status if Congress came to power again. The announcement helped Congress in garnering Hindu votes.With the Lok Sabha polls approaching, BJP does not want Congress to cash in on the issue any more and has decided to take up the citizenship for Hindus from Bangladesh more strongly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13143179", "title": "Hi-tech Hyderabad stares at a drought", "text": "Hi-Tech Hyderabad might soon have to invoke the rain gods for its next glass of water. The city has water stock for another 60 days following which Hyderabad will slip into an acute drought, warn ground water offi cials. The city is already reeling under an alarming 26 per cent drinking water defi cit and a severely receded water-table. Its only hope now is a bountiful monsoon.A quick scan of some residential pockets across Hyderabad indeed paints a dehydrated picture. Not only have more than 50 per cent of bore-wells in the city already dried up, thanks to meager showers last year, but even Manjeera (drinking water) supplies have thinned drastically post the onset of summer. As against the regular two-hour schedule, the water board has now restricted its water supplies to just about half an hour every alternate day in most parts of Hyderabad. Chances are that this time span will be further shortened if water levels in the city's reservoirs do not improve soon. That the already grave water crisis is only headed southwards is also obvious from the groundwater department's new ruling introduced this year. The department has issued a complete ban on the drilling of bore-wells for all purposes apart from drinking.Latest statistics on Hyderabad's depleted water wealth points to this rude reality. The capacity of Osmansagar and Himayathsagar, the city's two primary drinking water sources, are abysmal. The full tank levels of both these reservoirs, owing to a 20 per cent drop in rainfall last season, have dropped signifi cantly over the last few months with water board offi cials fearing a near-dry situation soon. Considering that a whopping 70 per cent of Hyderabad's populace depends on the infl ow from here, an unhealthy monsoon is bound to spell doom for an already p a r c h e d c i t y .T h o u g h marginal, the Krishna water too has witnessed a recession in its level, thus adding to the miseries of the aam aadmi. Roughly 30 per cent of denizens, largely residing in the peripheral areas, draw their daily drinking water supplies from Krishna, phase-I and II. The water from the Manjeera and Singur reservoirs that also contribute towards AP's total requirement are largely diverted towards rural water supplies. While a drop in levels here might not be of immediate concern to Hyderabadis, the fact that the city's ground water depth too has slipped by an additional two metres (in comparison to last year) this year is defi -nitely worrisome. As per records available with the state ground water department, the water in the city has now depleted to a startling 9.63 metres.The last time the table had receded beyond the 10 metre mark (the height equivalent to a three-storied building) was during the droughtridden period between 2003 and 2005. The supply has predictably been unable to meet the growing demand. In 2011, the demand for water qas 459 mgd and 469 mgd in 2012 but the water board has been able to supply just about 340 mgd of water since 2008. In 2013, the demand for water is expected to be 480 mgd. According to water board records, around 1.75 lakh customers who were getting water on a daily basis are now getting it on alternate days. Although the water board is supplying water for one hour, it's barely a trickle in some city households.That a chunk of the city's 87.5 lakh population has resorted to packaged water this summer, therefore, comes as no surprise. Right from the near-dry Marredepally colonies to the narrow bylanes of the Old City to even the plush residential pockets of Jubilee Hills, Hyderabadis are spending thousands of rupees every month to supplement this acute water shortage, which many claim is worse than what they have seen in the past fi ve years.\"Most pockets in the area (including Road No 36, 10, 40, 41 among others) have no supply of Manjeera water,\" said B S Srinivasan, treasurer of the Jubilee Hills Residents' Welfare Association pointing out how residents here are entirely dependent on bottled water for domestic usage. The situation is much the same at Alwal where denizens rue a poor supply once in three days. The unregulated exploitation of ground water, rampant in this area, has only made matters worse, they add. \"We have no choice but to completely rely on tankers now,\" said G V Rao, secretary of the Greater Alwal Allied Service Association that has around 29 colonies registered with it. Such grouses are voiced by Hyderabadis living even in areas such as Karkhana, Tarnaka, Kondapur, Begumpet or even far-fl ung Yapral. Plagued by a scanty alternate day water supply, residents from these localities complain how a hefty sum of their monthly budget is now being diverted towards quenching their thirst. \"Even our monthly maintenance cost for the apartment has gone up from Rs 700 to Rs 1,500 because of this,\" said Aju Thomas, a resident of Yapral.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141618", "title": "Week begins on cool note, temperature drops", "text": "NEW DELHI: A cloudy sky brought down Monday's maximum temperature to a pleasant 34.8 degrees Celsius, four degrees below normal even though the minimum stayed on the higher side at 26.4 degrees, one degree above normal. The Met department has warned of another heat spell from Tuesday with a steady rise in temperatures expected in the next few days.\"The western disturbance that led to rainfall over many parts of the city on Sunday and some areas on Monday is now moving eastwards. Temperature will start rising from Tuesday which is expected to see a maximum and minimum temperature of 38 degrees and 25 degrees respectively,\" said a Met official.Despite a dense cloud cover for most of the day, very few areas actually witnessed rain. The Met department recorded 3mm rainfall in Mungeshpur and 1mm in Najafgarh till 6.30pm. Mercury plunged considerably across the city with Pusa, Najafgarh and Jafrabad recording the lowest temperatures with 33.3 degrees, 33.5 degrees and 33.4 degrees respectively. Mungeshpur recorded the lowest minimum temperature with 20.9 degrees Celsius.\"A fresh disturbance is expected over north Pakistan and adjoining Jammu and Kashmir by May 17. From then onwards, for the next 3-4 days, scattered rain and thundershowers can be expected over Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and Uttarakhand. Isolated dust storms and thundershowers are likely over Haryana, Delhi, Punjab, Rajasthan and west UP,\" added the Met official.Meanwhile, rain and thundershowers can be expected over 1-2 places in Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand after which the frequency will reduce. Dust storms and thundershowers can also be expected over 1-2 places in Punjab, Haryana, west UP and Rajasthan till Tuesday after which the region will become dry. Till at least Thursday, northwest and central India plains can expect a rise of 2-3 degrees in temperatures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13143224", "title": "Welfare directorate to submit status report to high court", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The election of new office-bearers of the Kerala Child Welfare Council (KCWC) in the city was put off amidst pandemonium at the council's general body meeting here on Monday. The social welfare directorate (SWD) is expected to submit a report on this to the high court. Further action will be based on the hearing at the high court on May 21.Alleging a bid by the Leftist to seize control of the council, former KCWC general secretary Sunil C Kurien said seven members of the council \"involved in various corruption cases and whose council membership had been cancelled\" were unanimously trying to elect themselves to power.\"Registration of voters at the council general body election was on at 13 counters today. By around 10am, disqualified members of the council took positions and barred the entry of others by closing the gates with police support. It led to arguments and in the scuffle that ensued, Adv Subair Kunju was attacked and injured. He was immediately shifted to the general hospital and a police complaint registered with the Museum Police Station,\" Kurien said.Among the seven disqualified members is former general secretary of the council, P Krishnan, who is facing a government probe. He is alleged to have been involved in illegal fund collection from prospective parents for adoption. Krishnan said the allegation was an attempt to malign him and disqualify him from the council despite his earnest efforts for the welfare of the children at the KCWC adoption home.C Sathyapalan, second vice-president of KCWC, said government had no powers to disqualify the life-time membership of KCWC members, framing them in false cases. \"The high court has only given a directive to the social welfare director to issue a notice to convene the general body meeting, and for all other purposes the government is expected to follow the by-laws. In the absence of the chief minister, the president of KSCWC, and the social welfare minister, the first vice-president, the power obviously comes to the second vice-president of the council to convene the meeting,\" Sathyapalan said.The KCWC, an autonomous body registered in 1960 under the Indian Council for Child Welfare, currently has 880 members. In the last two and-a-half years, 47 members were added to the list and plans are afoot to elect new office-bearers and to bring in more members to its fold.SWD director M S Jaya said, \"I had given a notice to KSCWC to convene a general body meeting on Monday as directed by the high court, and now a status report on that will be submitted to the court\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "13145559", "title": "Seven Indian nurses rescued in Saudi Arabia", "text": "DUBAI: Seven Indian nurses stranded in Saudi Arabia without proper documents have been rescued and repatriated following intervention by the Indian Embassy.The nurses were stranded in two separate cases without papers, an official working with the labour section of the Indian Embassy said.\"In the first case, four Indian female nurses - Ashley, Bindu, Aasha and Shely - came to the Kingdom five years ago to work in Aghsan Aliwy Hospital in Hafr Al-Batin,\" M Aleem said.\"The sponsor neither renewed the residence permits (Iqamas) of the workers nor did he allow the nurses to leave during vacations as per the provisions of the work agreements,\" he said.Once alerted, the Indian Embassy established communication with the hospital officials and involved some local Indian community leaders.\"But, all pleas fell on the deaf ears of the sponsor, which finally led me to decide on a stronger course of action,\" Aleem was quoted by Arab News as saying.According to Aleem, he then took the case to the Hafr Al-Batin deputy governor and the Director General of Health Mutlak Al-Khemyali, who extended full support in rescuing the nurses.Al-Khemyali raised the issue with the directors of the Passport Department and Labour Office. He then called the Saudi sponsor to endorse the final exit visa and pay the air fares for the nurses.\"And thanks to the efforts of the Saudi officials, especially Al-Khemyali, that these nurses were finally repatriated to India last week,\" Aleem said.In the other case, three nurses - Saramma Varghese, Subadhra Omana Kuttan and Sree Latha Vasudevan Nair - were rescued and repatriated.These nurses were allegedly stranded after the new owner of a clinic closed down the organisation without giving any prior notice.He also turned down requests to extend validity of their Saudi ID papers. These nurses had been working for the last 18 years and their clinic was handed over to another third Saudi citizen on an operational contract basis after their sponsor died.The embassy succeeded in convincing him to grant the nurses final exit documents, said Aleem.The nurses were later sent back to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144331", "title": "Communist Party of India reluctant to Kalam as President", "text": "LUCKNOW: Communist Party of India on Monday said that it will work hard for building left democratic alternative to Congress-led UPA and BJP-led NDA. Speaking to reporters, S Sudhakar Reddy, the newly elected CPI general secretary said, \"UPA and NDA both are pushing the same economic policies of neo-liberalism, which are anti-people and pro-corporate houses. These economic policies are leading to galloping gap between poor and the rich. As per international reports, India is one of the worst performers in the human development index and hunger index.\"He expressed his opposition to a non-political President. He said that the office of the President of the country is political and it would be better to have a political person in Rashtrapati Bhawan. While rejecting the name of APJ Abdul Kalam , he said that CPI is not averse to his ability as a scientist, but not for the Presidentship. \"It is the duty of the Congress to decide the name for the next President and make efforts to build consensus,\" he said. He stressed for a non-Congress and non-BJP candidate.He said that left parties will meet in New Delhi on May 23 to work out common demands and programme. Blaming Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , Reddy said, \"Our Union finance minister is telling that he is having sleepless nights due to alarming economic situation of the country, but his government is not ready to withdraw the subsidies being given to corporate houses. However, they are repeatedly speaking against the subsidies being given to common man, which are hardly half of the subsidies being given to corporate houses.\" He also objected to the signals being given by Washington to the Indian government for new edition of retrograde economic reforms. He also opposed the proposed reforms in insurance, pension and banking sectors and allowing FDI in retail sector.Terming Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as the worst prime minister of the country till date, the CPI general secretary said, \"On public issues, Manmohan Singh is most inefficient, but he is brave enough to serve the interest of US imperialism and corporate houses. Crony capitalism rose to new heights with much speed under his prime ministership. Wealth of corporate houses increased manifold. but the poor are not even getting food.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13144052", "title": "No review of Noida land order, says Allahabad high court", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Home-buyers in Noida and Greater Noida will have to wait longer for their flats. The Allahabad high court on Monday dismissed the plea of the Noida and Greater Noida authorities seeking review of its earlier order requiring all projects in the area to get the NCR Planning Board's approval. So, till these clearances are in place, buyers will not get possession.However, there was some relief for the buyers as well, with the court striking down a review petition by a group of villagers who wanted the land acquisition quashed in a village where construction work had started. The ruling led to some farmers in Noida Extension taking to the streets and attacking housing projects. They blocked traffic for a few hours.The court also stuck to its earlier ruling granting increased compensation as well as 10% of the developed land to farmers.Both the Noida and Greater Noida authorities had filed applications seeking review of the order dated October 21, 2011 which requires the NCR Board's clearances for projects. The authorities argued before the three-judge bench of Justices Ashok Bhushan, S U Khan and V K Shukla that there was no need for such approvals but the bench was not impressed.The court also dismissed applications to review the order on providing 10% developed plots to farmers. The authorities said development work in the area was almost complete and there were no leftover plots which could be given to farmers. Appearing for the farmers, Kamal Singh Yadav, opposed the review applications saying developed plots were available but were not being provided to farmers. On October 21, 2011, after hearing 491 petitions against land acquisition filed by farmers of 63 villages falling under Noida and Greater Noida, the Allahabad High Court had cancelled land acquisition in three villages where construction had not started.The acquisition was undertaken by the authorities using the urgency clause in the name of industrial development. But later the land use was changed to residential and plots sold to builders. However, in 60 villages where substantial construction work was already done, the court did not quash the acquisition. Instead, it asked the authorities to increase compensation and provide 10% to the affected farmers.Thus, while ensuring enhanced compensation to farmers, the court also took into account the interest of more than 50,000 people who had booked flats and houses in projects on the acquired land. Now, the two authorities have no other option but to take approval of NCR planning board whose meeting is scheduled later this month and pay enhanced compensation to farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141440", "title": "Shade under trees indicates new stop lines at Nagpur junctions!", "text": "NAGPUR: Without proper road markings and stop lines at most of the 250-odd junctions in the city, vehicle drivers usually decide at what point they stop at red signals. In the summers, to avoid the scorching summer sun, most drivers halt some distance from the traffic junctions, in the shade of a tree or hoarding, causing traffic chaos at many places.Though two-wheeler riders do it to avoid the sun, even four-wheeler drivers stop at such odd places while waiting for the red signal to turn green. This frequently leads to dangerous situations as more traffic approaches the junctions, resulting in chaos, said a senior traffic department official, who did not want to be named.The senior official said, \"We normally do not initiate action against such motorists. In the summer afternoons, even traffic cops stand under trees or under the shade of tea or paan kiosks at the square, to avoid the sun.\"On Monday, TOI found that at many junctions, including Shankar Nagar, Maharajbagh, Rana Pratap Nagar, Law College square, Katol Road square, Narendra Nagar square on Ring Road, Manewada, Shraddhanand Peth square and Wardha Road, motorists preferred to stop where some big roadside trees provide shade and cool shelter for a few minutes.Most motorists claimed that such behaviour is seen only in the summer afternoons, otherwise most motorists follow traffic guidelines and halt near the stop line. They said, \"People want to avoid scorching heat and so they wait for the signal beneath a tree or some other shelter near traffic junctions.\"However, motorists also wondered why policemen appointed to regulate traffic hide behind trees. \"Cops do it because in any case they are more interested in levying fines than managing traffic on the road,\" the motorists claimed.Senior citizen Murlidhar Prajapati told TOI, \"We are aware that standing a few meters before a junction creates problems in smooth traffic flow, and could also result in a mishap. Even if the mercury is rising, it's always better to halt vehicles behind stop lines at squares. But then such scenes are seen only for a few days in summer.\"A cop posted at Katol Road square questioned, \"How do you expect us to regulate traffic and take action against these people when we ourselves are reeling under the scorching sun?\" He said that the excessive heat is a problems for motorists too. \"We normally ask them to stand behind the stop line, but as the stop at the signals is for hardly some seconds, we cannot force them to follow the rules to the T,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13143399", "title": "Spurious tea seized in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Revenue officials raided a house in Madurai and seized 10 tonnes of spurious tea powder on Monday.The officials also seized packets of colour powder and sacks of mud used to adulterate the tea. The tea powder packed in five kg, one kg and half-a-kg bags were sold to tea stalls across the southern districts. A Madurai-based couple, who was behind the spurious sale, as well as the workers, fled from the spot as soon as revenue officials landed at the spot for the raid.\"A probe has been ordered into the sale of spurious tea and severe action will be initiated against those behind it. Measures would be taken to prevent illegal sale of such adulterated products in future. Public can come forward to complain if they come to know about such spurious products,\" said collector U Sagayam.The raid comes in the wake of specific complaints received by Sagayam about the spurious tea trade. A team of revenue officials led by Jaisingh Gnanadurai, joint director, agriculture (in-charge) conducted inquiries and landed at the multi-storeyed building at Nehru Nagar in the city. One floor of the building was used as the residence of R Kannan, who was behind the spurious trade while the other floor was used for the storage and packaging unit. Soon after the officials landed at the building, Kannan along with his wife managed to flee from the house. As many as five workers, who were busy weighing and packaging the tea powder gave the slip to the officials and fled through the rear entrance of the house.Officials found heaps of tea powder, allegedly brought from Coonoor, in a room. The workers had mixed the tea powder with chemicals that gave the distinct dark brown tint to the tea. Dark brown soil found in tank beds was also mixed with the tea powder. Kannan was selling the tea powder primarily to tea stalls across various towns and villages in the southern districts. The packages said that the maximum retail price of one kg of the tea powder was Rs 150.\"The worth of the 10-tonne tea powder seized is estimated to be Rs 15 lakh. A van and a car used to transport and market the tea powder has been seized beside a two-wheeler. The building has also been sealed,\" said a revenue official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142553", "title": "AIIMS hires 97 faculty members", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is good news for patients coming to AIIMS for treatment. The hospital, which has been plagued by acute faculty crisis due to continuous brain drain for years, has hired 97 faculty members, of which 62 have already joined. Hospital authorities said that the remaining vacant posts will also be advertised soon. Though 629 faculty positions are authorized at AIIMS, only about 450 are filled at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13144257", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav, Pak Chief Justice among five to be honoured", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samjawadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and Pakistan's Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhary are among the five eminent persons, who will be presented with the prestigious International Jurists Award 2012 by the President of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom , Lord Phillips on May 28 in London .According to Adish C Aggarwala, President of International Council of Jurists, and Sir Justice Gavin Lightman, retired Judge of High Court of England, Yadav has been selected for his unflinching contribution to the advancement of the bar and the bench. His support to the development of the legal fraternity is unparalleled in the world.Pakistan Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhary has been selected for his unique and substantial contribution in the field of administration of justice and for tireless and fearless endeavours towards administration of justice in the country against all odds. The biography of Mulayam Singh Yadav titled 'Mulayam Singh Yadav-Harbinger of Social Justice' written by eminent author and law attorney Sarah Booth will be also released and presented to Mulayam Singh Yadav by the Chief Justice of UK on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13146370", "title": "Can NTR Strike Back with \u2018Baadshah\u2019?", "text": "Prince Mahesh Babu and Power star Pawan Kalyan have a lot in common. But there's another interesting pattern that both stars share when it comes to their box office success trends.When Mahesh Babu was desperate to prove his commercial success, his \"Pokiri\" took the Telugu cinema box office by storm. But despite such a big hit, Mahesh's subsequent 3 films, \"Sainikudu\", \"Athidhi\" and \"Khaleja\" bombed at the box office. However, a gritty Mahesh fought back his way with blockbuster \"Dookudu\" after 3 consecutive failures.Pawan Kalyan's films too were not faring well at the box office at one stage in his career. And just when the actor was looking for some respite, his entertainer \"Jalsa\" came like a breath of fresh air. But his subsequent 3 films - \"Komaram Puli\", \"Teenmaar\" and \"Panjaa\" were colossal flops. The once box office Power King decided to live up to his name and came back with a bang with the super success of 'Gabbar Singh', despite 3 failuresYoung tiger Jr. NTR seems to be travelling in a similar boat. His last three films \"Shakti\", \"Oosaravelli\" and \"Dammu\" were big-budget films that did not live up to the expectations. But like Mahesh Babu and Pawan Kalyan tasted success after 3 consecutive flops, will Tarak too make a winning comeback with his upcoming movie, \"Baadshah\", directed by Sreenu Vaitla? We'll have to wait and see!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13143496", "title": "Gogoi happy about son Gaurav joining Congress", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi said he was happy that his son Gaurav has decided to join the Congress party, but at the same time he added hat it is too early for him to get into the poll fray.\"I am happy he has decided to join Congress. I have been telling him to do so. But it is not the time for him to contest elections,\" Gogoi said with a fatherly sternness.Twenty-nine-year-old Gaurav on Sunday announced at a Youth Congress meeting at Teok in Jorhat district that he is joining the party. He said he has sought primary membership from the Jorhat Congress committee.\"I have answered the call of my conscience. This is the right time to join politics and I am seeking membership in the Jorhat district Congress Committee,\" Gogoi junior, who has an engineering degree from New York University , said.Gaurav's decision to join the Congress comes after a year of observing mainstream politics in the state from close quarters. Last year, he accompanied his father and other Congress leaders in election campaigns.Gogoi said initially Gaurav was not interested in politics, but after touring different parts of the state during the election campaign last year, he developed an interest in the domain.\"Initially, he (Gaurav) was not interested in politics. He was outside Assam and did not discuss politics with me. He used to say that he wanted to continue with his social work. But after participating in the election campaign last year, he became interested in politics,\" Gogoi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13141632", "title": "New tourism route in Tadoba buffer soon", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: In a move that is sure to ease some tourist pressure from the near-saturated Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), the buffer administration of TATR has decided to open a new route for tourists in the buffer area which has a good density of wildlife and scenic beauty.While safari in the buffer area will be cheaper than that inside TATR, tourists can also enjoy some special perks which are not allowed inside the tiger reserve on this new route. Tourism in the buffer area is being promoted with the sole objective of economical development of buffer villages and providing employment to local youths.The new 14-km-long tourist route will begin from Navargaon Chauki and end at Jakana gate near Junona village in the buffer area. \"Local eco-development committees of Devada and Junona village will shoulder the responsibility of tourism on this route. While they will charge the gate fees from tourists, youths from the villages will take up the job of guides for the safari. Modalities over the gate fees and timings of the safari are being finalized. Tourism in the buffer zone would start in the next 10 days,\" said Chandrapur forest division DCF P Kalyankumar.The forest department has added a five-km patch of road to the existing nine-km road on this exclusive tourist road. Three water holes fall along this route whose forest and wildlife density is as good as that inside the tiger reserve. \"Spillover tourists of TATR could be accommodated on this new buffer route. While the forest along the route has good scenic beauty, tourists can even spot a tiger and other wild animals in the buffer zone,\" said Kalyankumar.There would be no restriction on the number of vehicles on this new route. Visitors can take the buffer ride from either points at Navargaon Chauki or Jakana gate. \"Tourists can enjoy snacks and coffee at some specific points on the route. We even have plans of plying a mobile snack stall along the route, so that tourists can buy snacks midway if they want,\" he said. This new buffer route will be open for the tourists even during the monsoon, when safari inside the TATR is closed. Based upon the experience gained from opening of this new route, the forest department has plans of opening two more tourists routes in the buffer area soon.Now, enjoy wildlife from machanThe forest department is going to add a new feature of machan tourism to the wildlife tourism in the buffer area of TATR. Machan tourism will be taken up in Agarzari forest, located along the banks of Irai dam in the buffer area.The eco-development committee of Agarzari will shoulder the responsibility of machan tourism. \"We have identified four machans in the dense jungle along the bank of Irai dam for the activity. Guides from Agarzari village will take tourists to the machans in the morning and stay with them for the specified time slot. Initially, machan tourism will be taken up during day time. Based upon its outcome and response of tourists, we may consider machan tourism during the night in the future,\" said DCF Kalyankumar.Tourist guides from the village are being trained in identification of birds which come in a large number to the dam. Being a perennial source of water for the entire wildlife population in the area, tigers and leopards also visit the Irai reservoir. Apart from the fun of staying on machan in vicinity of wildlife, tourist will have the additional pleasure of around 15-km-long ride up to the machans through the thick jungle. Formalities for launching machan tourism are in the final stages and this new tourist attraction is likely to begin in next 10 days, said Kalyankumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13143460", "title": "Ibobi to give incentives to poor, aged writers", "text": "IMPHAL: Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh announced that his government will give financial aid to poor writers for printing their books and launch a pension scheme for aged writers whose work focus on developing and shaping society.Addressing the crowd on the closing day of the 77th annual conference of Manipur Sahitya Parishad at Jawaharlal Nehru Manipur Dance Academy ( JNMDA) here on Sunday, Ibobi said the state government will chalk out explicit plans for financially assisting poor writers whose works are focused on developing the society. He added that the state stands tall in the field of art and culture and a number of renowned Manipuri writers have also bagged various national literary awards.Ibobi Singh said the government will consult experts, who will help the government decide which books written by economically deprived writers should be published with government aid. tnn On the writers' pension scheme, the chief minister, who holds the art and culture portfolio, said the financial aid will be given to selected writers, whose books help develop society.At the occasion, 31 writers and other exponents in the field of art and culture were honored with awards and citations by the chief minister, who was the chirf guest for the programme. Among them, the Kamalasana Rajkumari Ninghing Award was given to folk singer Lourembam Bedabati.The 5{+t}{+h} edition of Cheitharol Kumbaba (the royal chronicle of Manipur) published by the Parishad was also released in the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13143303", "title": "A tribute to Thakazhi in mudras", "text": "KOLLAM: Chemmeen, the classic novel by renowned writer Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai, has a special place in the heart of Malayalis. In the birth centenary year of its author, the novel has taken a new avatar. The Kathakali adaptation of Chemmeen was staged in Manoorkavu Temple, Mynagappally near Karunagappally on Monday as part of the ten-day Kathakali Festival.The 45-minute long adaptation of 'Chemmen' opens when Pareekuty, the eternal lover, comes to bid adieu to his lover, Karuthamma on the eve of her marriage and the play depicts their pangs and sorrows, before they end their lives. Kalmandalam Ganesh enacted the role of Karuthamma, while Kalamandalam Prasanth donned the role of Parikutty. According to Ganesh, the play is an independent adaptation of the novel in the same name.It was Mahesh Natyakala, a disciple of Ganesh, who first adapted the novel to attakatha format. \"I was bit nervous when the play was enacted for the first time in Palakkad. But, audience said that these kinds of experiments would give Kathakali a new lease of life. That, really inspired us to do more on the subject\" said Ganesh.After the first stage, the response from the audience prompted Kalamandalam Ganesh to restructure the script and make it to a Kathakali form without any influences. So he wrote down the padams(renderings) according to attakatha principles.They have used the aid of chenda to enact the emotions of the sea and catered to a different kind of acting style. \"We have used bhava abhinaya (emotional acting) instead mudra to add the intensity of the scene and it has purposefully done to make it easy for the ordinary people to understand. Nattya dharmi and yoga dharmi mudras were used for that\", said Mahesh Natyakala.The success of Chemmeen Kadhakali has given Ganesh and Mahesh the courage to take up another challenge. They plan to adapt M T Vasudevan Nair's 'Murappennu' into Kadhakali soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "13142984", "title": "Excise department stops liquor supply to 'illegal' licensees", "text": "GUNTUR: Tightening the noose around 'illegal' liquor merchants, the prohibition and excise department stopped the release of stocks from Monday. The decision has been taken following a directive from the director general's office of Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB). While 93 shops in Guntur have been served notice, 67 shops in West Godavari and 28 shops in Vizianagaram were issued notices.Excise deputy commissioner V G Katakam said that they have asked the depot managers not to release any stocks to the licensees listed in the ACB case. While 54 shops in Tenali division, the native division of excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana, have been barred from drawing stocks from Monday, 19 shops in Guntur division and 20 shops in Narasaraopet division face similar predicament.The decision of the ACB ahead of the bypolls is likely to trigger another controversy as many of the benami licensees are considered to be followers of ruling Congress leaders. \"The ACB served a masterstroke as the bar on release of stocks to some select shops is likely to brew a fresh controversy,\" admitted a mandal Congress leader from Prathipadu constituency in Guntur.All the 'illegal' licensees have been asked to appear before the excise superintendents of respective districts for securing stocks. Sources said the ACB asked the excise officials to produce all such licensees before the special investigation teamofficials without delay.Wrapping up the transactions of these shops would also affect the turnover of the department before the culmination of the abkari (excise) year this June, the sources added. With nearly 25% of the shops not going to receive any stocks, the department is set to lose revenue of around Rs 20 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13143227", "title": "Civic body sees red over urban minister's proposal to bury waste", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation authorities were in for a rude shock when urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhi Ali advised them to continue burying garbage collected from households instead of offering a solution to the crisis to the waste management crisis the city is facing. The minister advised the corporation authorities in a meeting convened here on Monday to find out a solution to the crisis. The corporation authorities boycotted the meeting expressing strong dissent with the minister's stance.The mayor launched a scathing attack on the minister's stance at a press conference held shortly after she boycotted the meeting. She said the corporation would approach the court against the state government as the latter's stance amounted to contempt of court as it is against the Supreme Court ruling to reopen the Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant that was forcibly shut down by the Vilappil panchayat.\"What we need is a practical and permanent solution to the problem and not an advise to continue doing what we have been doing out of helplessness,\" said the mayor.Coming down heavily on the state government, the mayor said that the government had done nothing till date to address the crisis. The civic body does not have any more land to bury the waste. All the land where the corporation has been burying waste has been filled to capacity. Besides, the practice is also causing environmental problems.The corporation acknowledges the bit done by the state government in granting a 75% subsidy in installing pipe composts at over 1.5 lakh houses in the city. But, that does not offer a permanent solution to the problem. The waste left behind by the floating population is also equally a menace as the waste generated at the households, K Chandrika said.She also said that in Kollam, Kochi and Kozhikode, the city corporations have the protection of police to carry out waste management works and demanded the same from the government here too.The mayor added that in their efforts to promote source level waste management the corporation is planning to install biogas plants in the city. Steps have been taken to install biogas plants at Government Higher Secondary Schools at Cotton Hill, Manacaud, Pattom and also at Mahila Mandiram of Social Welfare Department at Poojapura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143230", "title": "Study unravels protective value of breast milk for newborns", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mysterious way in which Oligosaccharides, the major component of human breast milk, protects a newborn has finally been unraveled.A new University of Illinois study shows that Human Milk Oligosaccharides (HMO), which is found only in human milk, produces fatty acids that feed and help populate good bacteria in the gut of a newborn. This not only protects the newborn against harmful bacteria in the short term, but also strengthens the baby's immune system so that it can fend off chronic health problems like food allergies and asthma.One litre of human breast milk contains 7-12 grams of HMO.Even though HMO (sugar molecules) is present in higher concentrations than protein in human milk, many of its actions in the baby were not well understood till now.Scientists wanted to find out what formula-fed babies were missing. \"We refer to HMO as the fiber of human milk because we don't have the enzymes to break down these compounds. They pass into the large intestine where the bacteria digest them. We were curious about the role they play in the development of the breast-fed infant's gut bacteria because the bacteria found in the guts of formula-fed infants is different,\" said Sharon Donovan, professor in nutrition and health.With this study, which has been published in the latest issue of the Journal of Nutrition, Donovan has for the first time shown that HMO produce patterns of short-chain fatty acids that change as the infant gets older.In the study, breast milk was obtained from mothers of preterm infants at Chicago's Rush University Medical Center and the HMO were isolated and analyzed.The scientists tested bacteria from nine and 17-day-old sow-reared and formula-fed piglets. Because piglets grow so rapidly, these ages reflect approximately three and six-month-old human infants.The colon bacteria were added to test tubes containing HMO, and two prebiotics commonly used in infant formulas.These mixtures were allowed to ferment and then sampled to see how the bacterial population was changing over time and what products were being produced by the bacteria.\"When the HMOs were introduced, the bacteria produced acids, at some cases at higher levels than other prebiotics now used in infant formula. The acids can be used as a fuel source for beneficial bacteria and also affect gastrointestinal development which reduces the number of disease-causing pathogens,\" she said.Also, different HMOs produced different patterns of fatty acids and the composition of bacteria in the gut changed over time. \"It was distinctly different at nine versus 17 days, making it likely that the functions of HMO change as the human infant gets older,\" she said.Donovan says HMO is critically important in understanding how breastfeeding protects babies.Breast milk is packed with nutrients, vitamins and minerals and carries antibodies from the mother to help the baby combat life-threatening disease.Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachi-donic acid (AA) are key fatty acids needed for the growth of the human brain. Human milk contains 30 times more DHA than cow's milk.Union health ministry and World Health Organization (WHO) recommend exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months of life. It says breastfeeding should begin within an hour of birth and should be on demand, as often as the child wants day and night. However, less than 50% of mothers in India follow this rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "13144060", "title": "Inmate alleges torture in Sirsa district jail", "text": "SIRSA: An inmate from the Sirsa district jail was admitted to the government hospital on Monday after he received serious injuries due to alleged torture by jail warders.Hakam Singh, 29, a resident of Rania, was lodged in jail in connection with a quarrel case. He alleged that the warders deployed in the jail thrashed him on Sunday. \"One of the warders even kicked in the stomach, leading to vomiting,\" he alleged.Dismissing the allegations, jail superintendent J S Sethi said, \"He may have had a fight with fellow inmates. But we are investigating the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13141945", "title": "Water supply department website hacked", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: If anyone visits the Gujarat government website for Narmada and water supply department one would find it to be forbidden. Reason, the officials state government website for the water supply and water storage department has been hacked. The website has been hacked by someone outside India.A senior government official said that a few days back some unidentified hackers tried to log into the government website and make changes in the content. But since these website are heavily secured, the administrators came to know of the incident. \"As soon as the hackers tried to change the content, the officials came to know of their intention and immediately blocked the site,\" the official said. \"Before opening the website for public, it will have to undergo a security audit by an outside agency,\" the official added. tnnThe site has at least four links which include Kalpsar, water supply department, Narmada and Narmada rehabilitation. All these websites are currently blocked. However, the official website of the Sardar Sarovar Narmada dam, which is managed by a private operator, is still operational.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13141114", "title": "Air India strike: DGCA may suspend or cancel 11 pilots' licences", "text": "KOCHI: The licences of 11 office-bearers of the Indian Pilots Guild may be suspended or cancelled depending on their reply to the showcause notice issued to them by the directorate general of civil aviation.\"Air India had terminated the 11 office-bearers of the Indian Pilots Guild for irresponsible conduct and the company had approached DGCA asking us to cancel their licences. I have issued showcause notices to those pilots, giving seven days to reply. If their reasons are not satisfactory, we will either suspend or cancel their licences under section 39A of the Aircraft Rules,\" said E K Bharat Bhushan, director-general, DGCA, in Kochi on Monday.\"There are 340 pilots on strike at the moment. As the minister of civil aviation said, we can't have talks with them while they are on strike,\" he said.Earlier, delivering a lecture at the Kerala Management Association's function, Bhushan referred to the striking pilots as \"a group holding the country to ransom\". \"A challenge that faces managers in Kerala is distaste for work. Since I am at the moment trying to handle the Air India strike, I fully know what it means - that a group, who by any stretch of the imagination, is far better off compared to their counterparts in the country, is fighting for benefits and holding the country to ransom,\" he said. He added, \"They (the striking pilots) are probably the best paid in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13142669", "title": "Pedestrian killed in Azossim mishap", "text": "PANAJI: A pedestrian was killed in a mishap at Combiant, Azossim, on Sunday evening.The Agasaim police said that on May 13, at around 6.10pm, Kashinath Naik, 42, from Dongrim, while proceeding towards Goa Velha, dashed his two-wheeler against a pedestrian, Jose Dias, and fled from the scene.The police have registered a case against Naik under Section 304 A of IPC (causing death by accident).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13145608", "title": "Public hearing today on Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee job", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The Palamu unit of Jharkhand MGNREGA Watch is set to hold a public hearing on the status of work under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee (MGNREG) schemes in Daltonganj Town Hall on Tuesday. The state convener of Jharkhand NREGA Watch Jawahar said that social audit activist Lalit Mehta's sacrifice would also be commemorated on this day. Four years ago, Mehta was murdered near Kanda valley under Vishrampur block in Palamu when he tried exposing the corrupt practices in the district.The state convener further said the public hearing will discuss the condition of the upcoming wells in Palamu under MGNREG schemes.The NREGA Watch activists have conducted a survey of MGNREG wells in six blocks in Palamu, including Manatu, Chainpur, Vishrampur, Chhaterpur, Naudeeha Bazar, Nawa Bazar and reported that as many as 200 wells in all these blocks are in a shabby condition, alleged the state convener.Jawahar said the Palamu administration's tall claim over the wells that it is underway and will be completed by May end is nothing but a sheer falsehood.\"The public hearing will expose the fallacies of Palamu administration,\" Jawahar said.In Palamu, there are 324 people who have got 100-day work under this scheme. Jawahar said there are more than 1.30 lakh registered job card holders in Palamu under MGNREG Act.Palamu DDC Chandra Shekhar when contacted said that he was aware of this programme of Jharkhand NREGA Watch and added every constructive piece of criticism would be appreciated in the interests of the MGNREG labourers.Jean Dreze, former member of National Advisory Council, Delhi is expected to attend this programme, said Jawahar. The state advisor to the Supreme Court, Balram will also attend the hearing along with V Kacchap, member of state rural employment guarantee council, he added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144241", "title": "Battered body of man found in Gomtinagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: The recovery of a battered body of a 30-year-old man in Gomtinagar's Viram Khand on Monday morning triggered panic in the area.According to reports, K Sitaram, a native of Andhra Pradesh and residing in Viram Khand, was going to his office at around 8am. While passing in front of house number 5/1244, he spotted the body of a youth in a pool of blood. When Sitaram went near the body, he was shocked to see the dead youth was Rajeev Saxena, a store-keeper working with Nagarjun Construction Company where Sitaram also works.Sitaram immediately informed the police who rushed to the spot and started the investigation. The police sources said efforts were being made to identify those behind Rajeev's murder.The police were quizzing Rajeev's room partners. Police said Rajeev lived with his some colleagues in his company guest house. Gomtinagar residents suspect drug addicts could also be behind the murder since money from Rajeev's pocket and his cellphone was missing. They said several drug addicts have started frequenting the area.The victim was battered to death by a stone, police said, adding that the reason behind the murder could be ascertained only after the postmortem report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141651", "title": "No Monday blues, smooth ride on Day 3", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first weekday of the trial run on the bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor went off without a hitch for most commuters. Not only did queue lengths at the main three intersections - Sheikh Sarai, Chirag Dilli and Siri Fort - reduce substantially, but confusion over the lanes being open to all vehicles also seemed to be lesser on Monday.Dr S Velmurugan, senior scientist with CRRI, the agency conducting the BRT study, said, \"The traffic was closely monitored through the day. Signals were kept on manual mode during peak hours at Chirag Dilli as well as Sheikh Sarai and Siri Fort though they went back on auto mode at other times.\" Signal cycles however, were kept short - around four minutes even during manual mode - to disperse traffic faster. \"Since the intersections see huge traffic saturation, during peak hours vehicles would have had to wait through two signal cycles before clearing the light. We tried to keep the delay time to the minimum,\" added Velmurugan. During normal BRT signals, the waiting time was between 15-20 minutes.Interestingly, the queue length also came down significantly during the trial run. The maximum queue length was reported at the Chirag Dilli intersection, where it went up to 400m. Traffic police sources said that queue lengths reduced by 50 percent.That commuters were happy was apparent. Advocate Gaurav Gupta of the Saket district court, a regular commuter on the stretch, said, \"Today, the corridor was not very congested and my travel time was slashed by almost 20 minutes\". Yudhraj, a motorcyclist, added, \"I think the authorities should just do away with the BRT system. It is convenient and faster to travel right now.\" Cyclists also seemed pretty content. Since the bus lanes opened up to mixed traffic, bikers and scooterists refrained from driving in the cycle lane giving cyclists much room.However, not all commuters enjoyed a smooth ride, specially those travelling in buses. With buses heading straight and left stopping at temporary bus queue shelters on the left side, complaints about lack of space and safety were heard. \"Admittedly, space is an issue but since this is a temporary run there were some constraints in building new bus shelters,\" said Velmurugan.CRRI will now conduct a user survey on the BRT stretch on Tuesday and Wednesday, said the official. \"It will be a crisp survey in which we will ask commuters if their travel time has been affected by the change in the lanes. We'll also ask them what is their perception of the trial run. It will be an important part of the study,\" said Velmurugan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13142882", "title": "Body found in temple tank", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: A highly-decomposed body was on Monday found in an overhead tank at Sri Kanaka Durga temple causing quite a flutter among locals. Police said that the body was discovered during routine cleansing of the water tank.Inspector Govindaraju of I Town police said they were yet to ascertain whether it was a case of murder or suicide. Devasthanam PRO Achuta Rao said that daily rituals at the temple were not affected since the tank in question was located on a hill close to the temple premises.The body is yet to be identified and has been sent for post-mortem. Police suspect it could be that of a youth of 18-20 years of age. Although rumours were rife that the body had been hidden in the tank after the murder of the deceased, police said they would wait for the autopsy report before coming to any conclusions. Temple executive officer N Raghunath ordered thorough cleansing of the tank and it has also been decided that special purification pujas would be performed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13143175", "title": "'Erratic water supply this summer'", "text": "Name | Sai Shruthi Mula Family Size | 4 membersArea Profile: Predominantly a residential pocket, S R Nagar figures as one of the highest water consuming areas on the list of the city water board. Packed with apartments, hostels, messes and even commercial establishments, the locality's usage of water is much more in comparison to any other area in Hyderabad. The surrounding localities such as Ameerpet, Yosufguda, Motinagar, Erragadda among others too consume a signifi cant portion of the city's total water supply. The area like most other parts of Hyderabad is reeling under an acute shortage this summer.Our drinking water supply is fairly regular but has been very erratic this summer. There are no fi xed timings for the Manjeera supply and the fl ow is also very thin. The water level in our apartment's bore-well is fast depleting because of the rising temperature.We are now dependent on tankers and spending Rs 1,500 on 5,000-litre tankers every few days. The excessive construction activity in the area is at the root of this problem. All independent houses here are now being converted into apartments and everybody is trying to drill a bore-well. We tried to put a rain water harvesting pit in place at a nearby park last year to address the crisis, but that failed due to poor rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13142493", "title": "Writers' staff wants ACs", "text": "Many workers at the state secretariat are grumbling at having to work in the searing heat. They demand air-conditioning in all offices. Last year, ACs were installed in some departments on a temporary basis. These included the law and information and cultural affairs departments. But the ACs were removed when the weather improved.On Monday, law minister Moloy Ghatak visited his department and spoke to employees. \"There is a problem. There are so many documents in the rooms that the flow of air is blocked from one side. We will have to think of something,\" Ghatak said.However, the PWD is not to keen to hire ACs at a time when the state is passing through a funds crunch. What complicates matters is that Writers' has no system to demarcate who exactly is 'eligible' to get air-conditioning. In some departments, joint secretary level officers have ACs in their rooms. Whereas in others, joint secretaries have to make do with fans while officers junior to them enjoy AC comfort.In 2011, employees of some departments had threatened a cease-work unless ACs were installed. It's only going to get hotter over the next few days.A heat wave is sweeping through Gangetic West Bengal , with Bankura recording the season's highest temperature at 43.4 degrees Celsius on Monday. The Met office has issued a heat wave warning for the next 24 hours for Bankura, Purulia, West Midnapore and Burdwan districts where the mercury is hovering between 41 degrees and 43 degrees for the last two days. The temperature in Kolkata (both minimum and maximum) was three degrees above normal on Monday. The relative humidity hovered around 89 percent.May 14, 2012Max: 37.9 (+3)Hum: 88%May 14, 2011Max: 36.3 (+1)Hum: 83%May 14, 2010Max: 35.1 (-1)Hum: 89%May 14, 2009Max: 34.1 (-2)Hum: 95%May 14, 2008Max: 36.5 (+1)Hum: 94%May 14, 2007Max: 36.1 (+0)Hum: 88%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13143274", "title": "No parking lots at Metro stations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To make sure that the proposed Metro Rail system does not add to the existing parking chaos in the city, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has ruled out creation of parking lots at Metro stations.The facility would, however, be available at the last stations in Panchkula and Mohali.The elevated portion of the tube system will have stations at every one kilometre, while in the underground portion it will be at an average distance of 1.2 km. The alignments and station plan will be got approved by the Punjab and Haryana governments too, so that there is no problem in the implementation of the project.As per the plan, parking space wouldn't be allocated at all stations planned in the city as it would add to the chaos.\"The Metro system will be integrated with air- conditioned bus service, which will take passengers to their doorstep, besides catering to areas near the station. However, there is scope for having parking facilities outside the city,\" said an official.The first route will run from the north of the city to the city's south. It will start from a site close to the capitol complex near the secretariat, and pass from near the high court and Rock Garden in the north and reach Sector 17 plaza through UT Secretariat on Jan Marg, sectors 22 and 35, ISBT, Sector 43 and go up to Aerocity in Mohali. In Mohali, it will cover the City Centre.The other route known as east-west corridor will start from Sector 21, Panchkula and lead to the railway station, Chandigarh, Sector 17 plaza, PGI, Sarangpur and reach up to Mullanpur.The detailed project report being prepared by DMRC is likely to be submitted shortly. Apart from the detailed alignments of the routes, it would also suggest a financial model for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13144117", "title": "Blame game shifts: BS Yeddyurappa charges Ananth with conspiracy", "text": "BANGALORE: With a CBI probe staring him in the eye, a furious former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa fumed at the troika of chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, BJP state president KS Eshwarappa and party's MP H N Ananth Kumar for conspiring against him.He accused them of \"conspiring and creating a suffocating atmosphere with an intention to drive me out of the party. These people won't let me live. They are trying to finish me in a phased manner. They are involved in my character assassination\" , he said. Yeddyurappa listed a number of charges against the trio.Against chief minister DV Sadananda GowdaHas insulted me and my supporters After Udupi-Chikmagalur bypoll defeat, he should have resigned on moral grounds He and KS Eshwarappa are creating confusion and indulging in vendetta politics Not releasing grants for development of his supporters' constituenciesTelephoned and threatened Tumkur MP for supporting meHe is giving priority to JD(S), which had betrayed us Instead of complaining to national party president, why didn't he seek explanation from the ministers? Not calling legislature party meet after he assumed charge as CMAgainst Ananth KumarWhen I was CM, he tried to dislodged me thrice His only objective is to become the CM of Karnataka. He has neither concern nor interest in the development of the state Sitting in Delhi, his job is to hatch conspiracies He has spoiled the minds of L K Advani and other national leaders against me and created confusion and crisis in the stateAgainst EshwarappaInvolved in vendetta politics against me His objective is to create confusion and finish me offBSY on BSYI am not a saint. I have been in politics for the past 40 years and have worked for the welfare of people I have postponed my decision to quit. Let the national leaders decide if they need me or not I am ready for anything, but won't force my supporters to follow me I have never done caste politics I don't aspire to be the CM or party president Though I haven't committed any mistake, I was made to suffer due to the conspiracy by my party men and former Lokayukta Justice Santosh N Hegde", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13142903", "title": "Take serious note of child sex abuse cases, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights tells top Haryana officials in meeting", "text": "GURGAON: Following the summons of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR), top officials of Haryana appeared before the commission on Monday to discuss the issue of alarming rise in the cases of sexual abuse of children in the state.Sources informed that senior officials who were at the meet included the financial commissioner and principal secretary of women and child development department, the Haryana DGP, and the deputy commissioners as well as senior police officials from Gurgaon, Rohtak and Faridabad. NCPCR chairperson Shantha Sinha and other members were also present in the meeting.During the meeting, the NCPCR took a serious note of the violation of child rights, sexual abuse cases and physical tortures of inmates, majority of them being minor, at the home run by the Rohtak-based NGO, Bharat Vikas Sangh, and issued a list of directives to the authorities concerned to implement them in a time-bound manner.The Commission had taken a suo-motu cognizance in the case after three girls, who had reportedly run away from the home, narrated their horrific tales of torture and abuse in the home.A raid was conducted by the NCPCR in the presence of Rohtak administration on May 9. While NCPCR termed the affairs of the raid as \"sickening and shocking\", Rohtak additional deputy commissioner was directed requested to conduct an enquiry and submit a report within in a month.Notably, six girls from Gurgaon who had been transferred to the Rohtak home after sexual abuse case at Drone Foundation surfaced a few months back, informed that they had been engaged only in cleaning and sweeping of the home since the past two months of their stay.NCPCR sought proper care of HIV+ children shifted from Drone Foundation along with other children having similar medical condition. District administrations were asked to map all Child Care Institutions (CCIs ) and forward a list of such mapped CCIs to headquarters and make arrangements for their registration under Section 34 (3) of the Juvenile Justice Act and also submit a report to the commission in 45 days.Officials were asked to set up a mechanism to keep a tab on all the CCIs and ensure strict action by the administration in case of any false information. A confirmation in this regard has been sought by NCPCR within 30 days.Sources said the panel raised several child abuse and sexual exploitation cases reported recently, mainly in the NCR, and the authorities' failure to act on its earlier recommendations. The state was asked to streamline the functioning of Child Welfare Committees and proper coordination of various agencies involved while dealing with child cases.A member said the panel would wait for an appropriate duration to see the state's response in implementing its directives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141602", "title": "Burglars loot valuables worth more than Rs 7 lakhs in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A spate of burglaries over the last 24 hours kept the cops on their toes in the city.Two government employees were among the victims as burglaries were reported in Gittikhadan, Ajni, Hudkeshwar and Nandanvan. Valuables worth more than Rs 7 lakh were stolen.Satish Gadhe, who suffered a loss of nearly Rs 4 lakhs, was informed about the theft in his house at Hazaripahad on Sunday evening by neighbours. He lost cash around Rs 12,000 which had been kept aside as school fees for his daughter. Gadhe was upset after the police pegged the loss at Rs 1.72 lakhs which he felt was much less that what had actually been robbed.While leaving for Pachmarhi in Madhya Pradesh on Saturday morning, he had requested a couple to sleep in their house. Roopadhar Nagesh and his wife had come to sleep at 8pm on Sunday when they noticed the lock of the front door was missing and the light inside the room was switched on. The broken lock was found near the gate.Gadhe, an employee of the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra Limited, said that the burglars found the valuables in the steel cupboard kept inside the kitchen. \"It was surprising how the burglars knew where the valuables were kept,\" he said.The burglars used iron rods and some makeshift equipment, which were left behind, to force open the cupboard and the vault inside. They even used a number of spatulas from the kitchen to open the cupboards. \"They even used a can of grape juice as lubricants,\" said a crestfallen Gadhe.In a separate incident, burglars struck at the residence of Ramesh Bulkunde at Gurukrupa Layout too. The Bulkundes had gone to Umrer to attend a ritual at a kin's place on Saturday. The burglary was discovered on Sunday morning after the complainant's son-in-law Rakesh had gone to pick up a letter. Ramesh claimed that around eight tolas of gold and some silver kept in a cupboard in the bedroom was taken away.The family had just paid off a mortgage loan after selling off some gold. The rest of the gold they had kept safely at home is what has been stolen. Ajni police has registered a case of burglary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141854", "title": "India may face caste heat at UNHRC meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: As India prepares for its universal periodic review at the UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC) on May 24, it will be New Delhi's turn to come under global scrutiny, particularly on caste as a persistent form of discrimination in the country.India will resist, saying that the caste system, no matter how reprehensible, is not a form of racism and that the nation has a large system of affirmative action to correct these social ills. Indian officials maintain that these campaigns smack of a political agenda.Already international human rights groups are preparing to hold India's feet to the fire on a number of issues, including torture, sexual abuse, etc. Leading the charge, Human Rights Watch (HRW) has issued its first statement. \"UN member states should make ending caste-based discrimination a priority when they review India's human rights record at the UN Human Rights Council in late May 2012,\" HRW and the International Dalit Solidarity Network (IDSN) said.\"Numerous UN human rights bodies and civil society groups are demanding that the Indian government move from promises to action to improve the lives of people who have long endured horrific discrimination.\"\"It would be a great injustice to over 160 million Dalits in India if the UN review of India's human rights record does not directly and comprehensively address serious concerns for the ongoing human rights violations against them,\" said Julie de Rivero, HRW's advocacy director. \"India all too often sweeps caste discrimination under the rug,\" said Rikke Nohrlind, coordinator of IDSN. \"The upcoming UN review provides an opportunity for the Indian government to demonstrate a genuine commitment to address the full extent of this problem. UN member states have an obligation to demand that the rights of those discriminated against on the basis of caste not be ignored.\"HRW will demand that India be taken to task for non-implementation of its UPR Recommendation 1 to expedite ratification of the Convention against Torture and its Optional Protocol. India, they say, also failed to implement UPR recommendation 12 to ratify the Convention against Enforced Disappearance.India has been clashing repeatedly with human rights organizations on issues like caste and other human rights violations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13144276", "title": "Traffic warden arrested for raping minor", "text": "PUNE: The Faraskhana police on Sunday arrested a traffic warden of the Pune rural police for allegedly raping a minor girl on the pretext of marrying her.Sub-inspector Gita Bagawade told TOI that the suspect, Pranay Deepak Suryavanshi (20) of Paud Road, and the victim knew each other since December 2011.\"After promising to marry her, Suryavanshi raped the victim at a lodge in Kasba Peth and in Warje Malwadi,\" Bagawade said.\"When the victim realized that she was being cheated by the suspect, she informed her parents about the incident, following which her grandfather lodged a complaint with the police,\" Bagawade added.Suryavanshi was produced before the court on Monday and remanded to police custody till May 16.\"He is working as traffic warden at the Haveli division of the Pune rural police,\" Bagawade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141398", "title": "Wardha farmers keen to meet benefactor Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "NAGPUR: For 114 distressed farmers of Wardha district, the cheques brought with them a fresh lease of life. But they have one little grievance. They could not meet their benefactor who was none other than the Big B. When the philanthropist is Amitabh Bachchan , who wouldn't like to meet him?\"We want to thank him personally for his magnanimity. MP Datta Meghe (Wardha) has now promised to arrange the meeting. We are looking forward to it,\" Shaukat Khan told TOI on Monday.A farmer from Waifad village in Wardha, Khan is one of the beneficiary farmers in the cotton-growing suicide heartland of Vidarbha where thousands of farmers have preferred to end their lives to escape the ignominy of defaulting on repayment. On Saturday, Bachchan sent individual cheques for amounts totalling nearly Rs 30 lakh to these farmers clearing their unpaid dues with banks. At a small function at Sawangi, the cheques were distributed by Meghe.Once again the Big B has shown why he has carved out a niche in the hearts of people. Twice earlier too he had come to the help of farmers, in Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh.When he learnt that farmers in Vidarbha tend to end life unable to repay as paltry a sum as Rs 15000, he was aghast. But the way he carried out the operation, keeping off the media glare, was more commendable.Nearly two years ago, selected small, dryland farmers struggling to repay their crop loans were approached by Rotary Club of Wardha and told that they would be helped financially by Bachchan. They enlisted their names but not many expected that the money would land in their lap.The Big B remained behind the curtains as he entrusted the task to Rotary Club in Mumbai. The Rotarians got their counterparts in Wardha in the loop. \"We scouted for the needy farmers. The best way we thought was to approach the banks and get information on chronic defaulters. We took the help of SBI, Bank of India, Union Bank of India and officials of the Wardha District Central Co-Operative Bank,\" said Mahesh Mokalkar, past-president of the Rotary Club of Wardha. Along with a team of Rotarians, Mokalkar did the legwork visiting villages and checking on needy farmers' background.\"It took nearly two years to do it. Completing accounting work with banks takes time,\" explained Mokalkar. \"But it took just two meetings with Mr Bachchan's representative to settle the 114 farmers' dues.\"\"We are grateful to the superstar. I had unpaid dues of Rs 36,000 which Bachchansahab was kind enough to clear,\" said Khan who tills four acres of land along with his three brothers at Malkapur village near Waifad.The four brothers live in separate houses in the village. \"We grow cotton as well as soyabean. But, in the last season, we could barely earn enough to square off input costs we incurred and were in no position to clear bank dues. Thanks to Big B, now we have a clean slate with the bank and are eligible to get fresh loan for the approaching kharif season,\" said Khan.Last year, Big B had donated Rs 1 lakh to Aparna Malikar, a farm widow from Vara-Kawatha in Yavatmal district, who featured in a special show of Kaun Banega Crorepati. He was moved by the plight of Malikar whose husband had committed suicide in 2008 leaving her to fend creditors, greedy relatives and two daughters all alone.While Big B did not want to comment on his gesture, he told Nagpur Times on Saturday, \"I'm moved by the plight of farmers across India. What is disturbing is news that farmers in many parts of our country are committing suicide because they are unable to pay back paltry loans of 10,000. When a farmer ends his life, he also orphans his entire family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143353", "title": "Ongoing climatic pattern may bring an early monsoon", "text": "JAIPUR: The ongoing climatic pattern has increased the chances for an early monsoon this season. The officials of the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) and Jaipur met office are studying and analyzing the pattern to understand if Rajasthan can get early monsoon showers. Met office said that the desert state may witness the monsoon activity from June 15 onwards.Western disturbances and El Nino have already brought rains in the southern and eastern parts of the state. \"The ongoing pattern due to which many parts in northern India including Rajasthan are already getting rain, it is very likely that the state gets an early monsoon. Usually south west monsoon enters through southern Rajasthan after June 26, but this time around it is most likely that it may enter from Kota, Jhalwar and Baran a week before the stipulated deadline,\" said an official from IMD, Delhi on Monday.IMD is chalking out a final report on the monsoon arrival and within a week it is going to release the possible dates of arrival of monsoon in various parts of the country.\"We are studying the pattern. Since monsoon arrival is dependent on various things including humidity level, upper air cyclonic circulation and others we are taking in account various things to find out if there could be an early arrival of monsoon this year,\" the officer added.Asked if it would be normal or scanty rainfall in Rajasthan, an officer said, \"The possibilities are more for a normal monsoon when 99 per cent rainfall is likely in most of the southern and eastern parts of the state. Western Rajasthan may get below normal rainfall.\"On the climatic pattern of May, Jaipur met office said that rains and dust storm will continue in the state since western disturbances have not completely left the state.\"Rainfall would be on and off in the month of May. Many districts in western Rajasthan will continue to witness rain in the upcoming days,\" said an official.In its forecast, the met office said that rains and dust storms would be witnessed in the northern and eastern parts of the state in the next couple of days. Mercury will continue to take a dip at majority of places in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13145578", "title": "National child rights panel awaits action taken report from state government", "text": "RANCHI: After conducting a two-day public hearing in February and issuing ten-point recommendations to the Jharkhand government, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) is waiting for a compliance report on part of the government.NCPCR chairperson Santha Sinha, after conducting a month-long hearing, had sent a missive to the Jharkhand government on April 2 reiterating the points taken up by the commission during its meeting with state officials and asked chief secretary S K Choudhary to come up with an action taken report (ATR) within a month.Sources said the timeframe given to the state government expired on May 2, the onus of preparing the ATR has been passed on to the social welfare department. Apart from the ten specific points recommended by the commission, the chairperson also expressed interest in knowing case-wise details of action taken by the state government on all issues which came up during the public hearing.While chief secretary was not available for comments, his office said the matter would be dealt by the social welfare department.The commission in its recommendations has asked the government to treat all instances of missing children as potential cases of trafficking warranting prompt police action. It has also asked the state to ensure filing of FIRs and regular follow up of the cases. Sensitization of police personnel and stock-taking exercise to see what has been leant and how it was reflected in practice. The commission directed the state to strengthen district child labour task force in every district by providing appropriate training and monitoring. Implementation of child labour (prohibition and regulation) Act (CLPRA), 1986, and Juvenile Justice (care and protection of children) Act, 2000, were the other recommendations. Sinha observed that there was an urgent need to form juvenile justice boards, child welfare committees and special juvenile police units in the state by providing appropriate training.Apart from cases related to violation of Right to Education Act, the commission on second day of the public hearing heard 14 different cases of child rights violation for which case-wise compliance report has been sought from the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "13145728", "title": "Central Coalfields Limited staffer robbed of Rs 5.6 lakh", "text": "RAMGARH: Unidentified motorcycle-borne miscreants snatched away Rs 5.6 lakh from a Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) employee on the crowded main road of the town on Monday, police said.Ramgarh city police station in charge Manoj Kumar said Habiullah, the CCL employee posted in Religarha Project, had withdrawn Rs 5.6 lakh from the SBI for marriage purpose and put the notes in a bag. He was waylaid by the miscreants and the bag was forcibly snatched, Kumar said.He was being watched by miscreants. Police have sealed all roads of the town and started the search operation to nab the miscreant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13143437", "title": "Chisty finally leaves Ajmer for Pakistan", "text": "AJMER: Pakistani virologist Khaleel Chisty left Ajmer for Pakistan on Monday, days after the Supreme Court allowed him to return to his country after 20 years.Earlier, a fast track court released his passport after he moved an application in this regard along with a copy of the receipt of Rs 5 lakh that he had deposit for his conditional return.Chisty was serving a life sentence in a murder case and was recently granted permission to visit Pakistan. His passport was seized when he was granted bail after his arrest in the case in 1992.\"Today is my most memorable day and after 20 years I am leaving the land of Ajmer and going back to my family,\" Chisty said after coming out of the local court and waved his passport to the media. \"I thank the Supreme Court of India for this moment which is a miracle in my life. It's the grace of Almighty and blessings of Khwaja Moinuddin Chisty.''Chisty first went to his brother's place, where he collected his baggage and headed for the Ajmer railway station to board the Shatabdi Express to New Delhi. \"I have to renew my passport and positively leave India on Tuesday,\" he said.Chisty had come to Ajmer on April 19, 1992 to attend a wedding that ended in a brawl in which one of his relatives was killed. He remained in Ajmer during the trial and was finally convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment in January 2011. Chisty challenged the verdict before the Rajasthan high court and also moved a mercy petition to the governor of Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13145452", "title": "NGOs, politicians join hands to revive Pune's rivers", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Zilla Pani Hakka Samiti, a group comprising political parties and social organisations, has demanded that rivers in the city be revived and a water control authority be established to address water-related issues by coordinating with the departments concerned.The group has come up with a resolution that demands audit of the development plan, equal distribution of water and stopping of development work in catchment areas of the rivers in the city, among others. The resolution will be submitted to the chief minister, Pune Municipal Corporation, district collector and other government departments.The Samiti, which was formed last month to look into water issues and mobilise citizens, comprises the Communist Party of India (Marxist), Bharipa Bahujan Mahasangh, Janata Party, Janata Dal (Secular), Sajag Nagrik Manch, Jal Biradari, among others.The resolution stated that at present, there is no coordination among various departments and bodies like the irrigation department, municipal corporation, Maharashtra Pollution Control Board, district collectorate and the Union government to deal with issues related to water bodies. A water control authority will bring about the much-needed coordination and will also represent citizens and address water issues.Among the other points brought forth in the resolution are the unequal distribution of water, especially to slums and Peth areas; the need to raise the water table in the city; prevention of encroachment in the Pashan and Katraj lakes and use of these two lakes to provide additional water to the city.Ajit Abhyankar, activist and CPI (M) leader, said that according to official records the city's population was nearly 40 lakh, but in reality it would be much more. \"There has been unplanned and uncontrolled development in and around the city. This has led to a collapse of the water supply system, which needs to be rebuilt. Other than this, the challenge is also to revive all the rivers and also the Bhima river basin,'' he said.Abhyankar said that one of the demands in the resolution was that no privatisation of water supply should be allowed. \"Water is a basic fundamental right and people should receive potable water. We have sought information as to how much water is supplied to Pune, since we cannot rely on the government figures. Official records say that it is 14 TMC and 230 litres per person in a day. These figures are unreliable and in reality it is much less. There is unequal distribution of water,'' he said.Suneel Joshi, state chief, Jal Biradari, said, \"We have demanded that 90% of the sewage water should be treated and used for irrigation purposes, instead of being let into the rivers. We have also asked the authorities to stop water thefts and leakages and keep a check on unaccounted water supplied to tankers and builders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13142650", "title": "Lakshadweep resorts come under SC scrutiny", "text": "KOCHI: Allegations of violation of coastal regulation zone by resorts in Lakshadweep should be looked into by a five-member committee, the Supreme Court has ordered.Reversing a judgment by the Kerala high court, division bench consisting of justice T S Thakur and justice Gyan Sudha Misra appointed a committee that includes former SC judge R V Raveendran and four technical members to study the functioning of resorts in Lakshadweep and alleged violation of coastal zone regulations.The court asked the committee to look into allegations and counter-allegations regarding violation of coastal regulation zones (CRZ) by resorts and home stays as well as norms for granting permits to tourists visiting the islands and submit a report.Further, the court observed in the order that developments in Lakshadweep over the past few decades may be haphazard given the fact that no vision or master plan for the development of the islands has been prepared so far.The apex court observed in the order that the high court has not indeed done justice to the issues raised by the parties, whether the same relate to the alleged violations committed by the respondent-entrepreneur (Seashells Beach Resort) in setting up a resort or the administration permitting similar resorts to operate in the garb of home stay arrangement while preventing the respondent from doing so.Expressing dissatisfaction at the high court, the SC order said the HC order proceeds entirely on humanitarian and equitable considerations, in the process neglecting equally, if not more, important questions that have an impact on the future development and management of Lakshadweep Islands.Along with ruling that the high court's order is \"legally unsustainable,\" the apex court held that the high court obviously failed to appreciate that equitable considerations were wholly misplaced in a situation where the very erection of the building to be used as a resort violated the CRZ requirements or the conditions of land use diversion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143510", "title": "On 100th birthday, war veteran gifts hospital to village", "text": "JAIPUR: It was a proud moment for Rao Kabool Singh, a World War II veteran, when his grandsons- Madan Mohan and Krishan Mohan, fulfilled his long-cherished dream of building a hospital in Dudawas, and gifted it to the village on his 100th birthday.Kabool Singh, after retiring from Armed forces in 1962, started working in the field of education and has been actively involved in spreading awareness on ill effects of child marriage.His grandson Madan Mohan said, \"He has been working towards spreading awareness on educating the girl child. Many a times, he had stopped child marriages. It has been his dream to open a hospital in an area deprived of proper health and medical facilities. Therefore, on his 100th birthday we opened a hospital in Dudawas village.\"While the war veteran hails from Dadia village in Alwar district, the family chose Dudawas village in Jaipur district to open the hospital. \"We identified the village where people are actually deprived of medical facilities. We had some land in Dudawas and also there was no such hospital. The 15-bed hospital would cater to around 30,000 people living in the nearby areas.\"Child marriages are solemnized in large numbers in the Dudawas village, and the area needed a hospital to check teen pregnancies.Mohan said the family has plans to expand the hospital and equip it with better facilities. \"This will be a charitable hospital, and will be functional in two months. We will recruit a gynaecologist and a general physician,\" he added.Health minister Aimaduddin Ahmad Khan, who was also present at the event, congratulated Kabool Singh on his 100th birthday and assured government assistance to hospital if needed.Singh had fought in the Second World War and travelled to Singapore, Indonesia, Burma, and Bhutan between 1941 and 1945.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141878", "title": "MPs may get to sport red beacons across states", "text": "NEW DELHI: Members of Parliament may get the legal right to use red beacons atop their cars across states, with the Union roads ministry dropping its reservation on the issue.Government sources said the ministry of road transport and highways had told Parliament that it had no objection to vehicles used by MPs having beacon. The ministry has made its nod contingent on the home ministry giving security clearance to the step.The conditional clearance seems to signal the government's green light to red beacons, a contentious issue that had put MPs and the Centre at loggerheads. The Lok Sabha committee on privileges had, in its report tabled in November 2011, asked the roads ministry to issue a notification to enable MPs to use beacons across the country.The ministry's okay is a change from how it stonewalled the beacon demand over the last few years. In response to an earlier parliamentary recommendation, it said giving this facility to MPs would raise the demand in states as well while another argument was that it would lead to a proliferation in vehicles using red beacons.In the change apparently dictated by the unprecedented pressure mounted by parliamentarians, road transport and highways minister C P Joshi is learnt to have given in. Sources said he personally approved the \"no objection\" stance but only added that it needed security clearance from the home ministry.The MHA clearance is relevant in high security states like Delhi where misuse can lead to serious trouble in terror-ridden times. The authorities have been trying to reduce the number of cars with beacons, with civil administration even cracking down from time to time on politicians and cops alike.For MPs, though, it has long been a sore point, eager to stand higher in the protocol list. The status symbol attached with beacon-studded cars is strong.The fresh offensive from MPs came in the form of the argument that many states like Uttar Pradesh had allowed the facility. They demanded uniformity on the beacon issue, saying it was humiliating that they had to cover the beacons while entering neighbouring states like UP.The committee report said, \"Since the Motor Vehicles Act is a central Act, a notification from central government would have all-India applicability and make the facility of use of red light beacon atop the vehicles of members available uniformly across the country.\" It would also save the MPs the embarrassment of covering the beacons.While the move has been hanging fire for long, the privileges panel made a strong case for the MPs by recommending their elevation in the list of Warrant of Precedence from 21 to 17, moving them above deputy speakers of states outside their states and various commission heads.Times ViewThe use of red beacons should not be treated as a matter of status. All over the world beacons on vehicles are used for emergency purposes - like ambulances, fire engines or police vehicles in specific situations - or where security makes it necessary. There is no reason why we should treat the matter any differently. Those who believe that a flashing beacon becomes a symbol of authority and respect are sadly mistaken. Authority may be feared but never respected for its own sake. Respect is commanded by the manner in which a person or institution exercises authority. Beacons flashing on top of vehicles would be a poor substitute for such genuine moral authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13143086", "title": "Masjid blast anniversary on Friday, cops get alert", "text": "With the fifth anniversary of Mecca Masjid bomb blast falling this Friday, the city police and intelligence agencies are beefing up security at public places and increasing random checks. \"Though there are no specific intelligence inputs on any possible threat, police will be on high alert keeping the recent disturbances in the Old City areas in mind,\" a senior official said. The Special Branch of the city police held a meeting of its sleuths on Monday as part of the ongoing preparedness exercises. The cops have been told to keep a watch on the movements of suspicious persons.In the past, a militant outfit Tahreek -e- Ghalba-e-Islam carried out attacks on police personnel in which two cops were killed. The outfit's leader Viquar Ahmed and his associates are in prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13144134", "title": "Homemaker's body found in drain", "text": "BANGALORE : The body of a 20-year-old homemaker was found in a drain behind a factory in Bommasandra Industrial Area off Hosur Road on Sunday evening . Her husband is missing . The deceased , Dolly , and her husbandPinkuN aik (25)from Odisha wereliving in thefactory's residential accommodation , Precision Components . Pinku had joined work only six months ago .\"After other workers found their house locked since Sunday morning , they set out to search for the couple . Late in the afternoon , they spotted Dolly's body in the drain . Dolly may have been smothered to death in her sleep ,\" a police officer told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13142610", "title": "CPM dips deeper into bloody mess", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Possibilities of a political storm continued to cloud the CPM with a series of events on Monday adding further to the tension of its leadership and confusion among cadres.Though Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan maintained a strategic silence, CPM on Monday deputed RSP leader Chandrachoodan to broker peace with him. Sources close to VS told TOI that the veteran leader has assured Chandrachoodan that he won't embarrass the party till Neyyattinkara bypoll.CPM top brass was also in for a shock when Kozhikode district secretary T P Ramakrishnan proceeded on leave on Monday citing \"personal reasons\".Ramakrishnan was the first senior CPM leader to denounce Chandrasekharan's murder. It was reported that he was completely upset over it. But CPM said in a statement that Ramakrishnan was taking leave to visit China with his friends.Opening another flank, a group of CPM dissidents is planning a meeting to protest against the killing of Chandrasekharan here on Tuesday.Sensing danger, CPM is dissuading comrades close to Chandrasekharan from attending the meeting.Organisers, however, told TOI that CPM leaders, including an area secretary, will address the meeting. A former central committee member of the SFI and a former corporation councillor have contacted the organisers and expressed their ire against murder politics, sources said.The organisers of the meeting have proximity to Achuthanandan, but it remains to be seen how many of them will come out in the open to denounce the party leadership.It is against this backdrop that Ramakrishnan's China trip has become a controversy as the senior leader is leaving the sensitive district at such a crucial juncture.CPM sources termed Ramakrishnan's voyage plan as untimely and \"it could be interpreted that he is orphaning the party to fight its own battle at a crucial phase\".The party leadership is finding it difficult to defend CPM as the party is facing an all-round attack. Party loyalists felt that Ramakrishnan should have stayed back till the storm of TP killing dies down. Party leadership is learnt to have asked him to postpone the journey.Former mayor and district secretariat member M Bhaskaran has been given the charge of the district secretary till Ramakrishnan returns. A statement issued by Bhaskaran on Monday said the party district committee had sanctioned 10 days' leave to Ramakrishnan for the trip to China three months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13143530", "title": "Trial begins in Bhanwari case, CBI counsel elaborates case history", "text": "JODHPUR: After two deferments, the trial in the Bhanwari Devi murder case finally began in the court of additional chief judicial magistrate (SC/ST Cases) on Monday. The panel of lawyers roped in by the CBI for the prosecution appeared in the court apart from all the 16 accused in the case including Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi.In the jam-packed courtroom, senior special counsel for CBI, Ashok Joshi, elaborated the sequence leading to the murder of Bhanwari Devi, right from her first appointment as an auxiliary nurse and midwife at Jaisalmer and her coming in contact with Malkhan Singh Bishnoi for her transfer to a place closer to her Borunda village, to her becoming a paramour of Bishnoi, giving birth to his daughter in 2004 and then her being introduced to Maderna by Bishnoi and onwards.Later she developed the idea of getting into politics using them and when she did not get any support from any of the two, she turned rebellious and became a threat to the two. \"The main objective of this entire narration in the court was to prove the motive of the main accused, Maderna and Bishnoi,\" said Joshi later.He kept on telling the court how the sleaze CD was conceived with a view to blackmail Maderna and displace him from his ministerial birth to pave the way for Bishnoi, to whom, till then, she was more loyal to. This was the motive for Maderna to abduct and murder Bhanwari Devi.However, Joshi told the court that Bishnoi too could not escape from the heat of her anger against him because Bhanwari wanted him to publically accept her youngest daughter, which he was not willing to. \"And this denial resented her and she created a ruckus at his office and at his daughter's wedding party,\" Joshi told the court.Finally, Joshi brought to the notice of the court the common interests of Maderna and Bishnoi in eliminating Bhanwari Devi to get rid of her constant threats and blackmailing and roping in Indra Bishnoi and Sohan Lal Bishnoi from Bishnoi's side and Sahi Ram Bishnoi from Maderna's side.Barring a few minor interferences from the defence side, which were over-ruled by the court, this entire recreation of the conspiracy was silently heard by the court and after hearing it for about an hour, magistrate Anoop Kumar Saxena deferred the trial till May 21.Later, senior public prosecutor of CBI, S S Yadav said that they wanted to commence the trial from May 2, the first date listed for the trial, to cut it short. \"We were well-prepared and had asked the defence to start the arguments direct as the charges have already been mentioned in the chargesheet. But they insisted to open the case by describing the charges brought against the accused citing Section 226 of CrPC,\" said Yadav. \"On May 21, we will complete this description involving all the 17 accused including Indra Bishnoi and then arguments will follow,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13142783", "title": "Police install 50 video cameras across Kasaragod", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Over 50 surveillance cameras have been installed at the communally sensitive areas in Kasaragod where clashes between communities occur at regular intervals.Police will also install surveillance cameras at places of worship. Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan on Monday inaugurated the project at the office of district police chief at Kasaragod where the control room is situated.Talking to reporters after a meeting with senior police officers at the CPCRI guest house in Kasaragod on Monday, the minister said police strength will be enhanced at the sensitive areas.The cases related to passport irregularities will be handed over to the internal security investigation branch of the police.The police have also intensified patrolling in the areas. Policemen on motorbikes will patrol the vulnerable areas round-the-clock.DGP Jacob Punnose, ADGP (intelligence) T P Senkumar, IG (Thrissur range) P Gopinath, district police chief S Surendran, SBCID SP M K Pushkaran, DySP (special branch) Harishchandra Nayak, ASPs T K Shibu and Manjunath also attended the meeting. Earlier inaugurating a seminar on communal troubles, organized by the Kasaragod Press Club, the minister said the government is considering bringing an amendment to the Goonda Act to include those who indulge in communal violence under the purview of the Act.Police are pondering as to what can be done to avoid the chances of prosecution witnesses turning hostile during the trial of serious cases.The minister added that strict action will be taken against those who indulge in moral policing.Many of the accused involved in serious communal cases are still at large. The government will probe the role of those in the police, if any, in the escape of these accused, the minister said.Kozhikode: Surveillance cameras have been installed at the communally sensitive areas in Kasargod district where clashes between communities recur at regular intervals. Home Minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan inaugurated the installation at the office of District Police Chief at Kasargod on Monday.Talking to reporters after a meeting with senior police officers at the CPCRI guest house in Kasargod on Monday, Home Minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said police strength will be enhanced at the sensitive areas. The cases related to passport irregularities will be handed over to the Internal Security Investigation Branch of the police.Around 50 cameras have been installed at various places in Kasargod and Kanhangad. The control room for the cameras has been set up at the office of the District Police Chief. This will enable the police to identify the culprits engaged in violence and to mobilise the force in the event of any law and order problems.Police will also install surveillance cameras in from the places of worship. There had been a number of cases of desecration of places worship with the intention of igniting communal violence.Police have also intensified mobile patrolling in the areas. Policemen on motorbikes will roam around the vulnerable areas round-the-clock.DGP Jacob Punnose, ADGP (Intelligence) T P Senkumar, IG (Thrissur Range) P Gopinath, District Police Chief S Surendran, SBCID SP M K Pushkaran, DySP (Special Branch) Harishchandra Nayak, ASPs T K Shibu and Manjunath also attended the meeting.Earlier inaugurating the seminar on communal troubles organised by the Kasargod Press Club, the Home Minister said the government is considering bringing an amendment to the Goonda Act to include those who indulge in communal violence under the purview of the Act.Police are pondering as to what can be done to avoid the chances of prosecution witnesses turning hostile during the trial of serious cases. The Minister added that strict action will be taken against those who indulge in moral policing.Many of the accused involved in serious cases having communal colour are still at large. The government will enquire the role of those in the police, if any, in the escape of these accused, the Minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13141776", "title": "Asian win puts Parimarjan Negi in big league", "text": "CHENNAI: He is the No. 5 in India, and also the No. 5 in the World junior list, but 19-year-old Parimarjan Negi has another distinction which he would savour for a long time.On Sunday, the Delhi-based Grandmaster won the Asian Individual Chess Championship at Ho Chi Minh City (Vietnam) to join an illustrious band of Indians to have achieved the feat.Negi is the fourth Indian after Krishnan Sasikiran, Surya Sekhar Ganguly and Pentala Harikrishna to win the Asian title, though it must be mentioned that Viswanathan Anand has never played in this event. Negi's achievement is significant, because this year the event was very strong with the participation of Chinese and Vietnamese players.\"I would say, Negi has done a great job. Age is on his side,\" says former National champion, Grandmaster Dibyendu Barua. \"The quality of the tournament was good this time, so his win is creditable.\"Negi has an international rating of 2640 and Barua reckons he is the next Indian after Anand and Sasikiran to break into the 2700-club. Of course, Harikrishna, who has just touched his peak rating of 2693 this month, could get into the 2700-club very soon. \"The way he is playing now, Negi should cross 2700 next year,\" predicts Barua.Negi's performance in Vietnam was significant for the number of wins the Indian got in the nine-round championship. He had an early loss but once he started winning in the third round, he did not look back.Six straight wins gave him the title with a round to spare and he could afford to lose the last round, which he did finally. Seven wins and two losses would suggest that the new Asian champion does not like draws. In fact, he could have got a draw in the last round.Interestingly, last month in Dubai, Negi was in a position to win the first place but a blunder in the penultimate round against Sandipan Chanda stopped his march. Chanda went on to joint winner of the Dubai tournament.This time, however, Negi did not leave anything to chance. \"Luckily I had time after the tournament and somehow I was able to pull myself out of that loss, normally they are painful,\" he said after the Vietnam victory.\"Somehow, after I was sure of winning the gold I just started trying to play for win in a position that I should have logically drawn, Saleh (who beat him in last round) did well but it was a position that I should not have lost,\" Negi added.Negi has qualified for the World Cup with the Asian triumph and he will have bigger challenges in the next few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13143420", "title": "Court orders uninterrupted power in Hingoniya gaushala", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Monday directed K L Meena, chairman and managing director of Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Prasaran Nigam Limited and Loknath Soni, CEO, Jaipur Nagar Nigam (JMC) to see that the electricity supply to Hingoniya gaushala (cattle shed) remains uninterrupted and also put a 162 KV generator in the state-owned cattle shed.Justice Mahesh Chandra Sharma took a serious note of the submissions made by P C Bhandari, counsel for petitioner Jago Janta Society that the JMC is only doing a face-saving exercise to show that the court's order is being complied with. Bhandari also alleged that the JMC, by misleading the monitoring commitee in the case, is paving way for supporting land mafias of the locality through an extra road on government land.The matter was heard on the compliance reports filed by respective government authorities pursuant to the orders passed by court from time-to-time in a writ petition filed by Jago Janta Society and NGO.\"There are already two broad roads leading to Hingoniya and the cattle shed is well connected with the road. The cost of 16 km stretch of new road is Rs 2.5 crore which is nothing but a concession made by the JMC officials to support land mafias who have been waiting for this road for quite some time,\" said Bhandari.A member of the monitoring committee, senior advocate Sajjan Raj Surana, however, stressed that the money is not being misused and the allegation of the petitioner's counsel is scandalous as the animal ambulance service 1962 faces a lot of difficulty in reaching the cattle shed. JMC counsel Naina Saraf also told the high court that the corporation has taken a decision to start the work of laying a proper access road already.Advocate Sajjan Raj Surana raised the issue of electricity supply and told the court that despite depositing Rs 50 lakh for uninterrupted electricity supply for the upcoming animal hospital with an ICU, the connection provided is a rural one with power cuts at regular intervals.It was also alleged by the counsel for petitioner that, \"A huge loss to the state exchequer has been caused by putting three generators of 25 KV for which a complaint was made to Anti-Corruption Bureau but no action was taken. Besides, the electricity poles were fixed in loose sand which resulted in most of them falling just a few days after installation posing threat of short circuits and risk to life of cows there. The earth wire that has been used is an iron wire instead of copper wire resulting in all possibility of electrocution of thousands of cows in monsoon.\"The fact was admitted by the officials of JMC who were present in person in the court along with K L Meena, CMD RRVPNL. It was assured by the corporation officials that all the iron earth wires would be removed immediately and copper grids would be fixed as also the generators of 168KV strength will be installed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13143397", "title": "Newborn girl found abandoned on Mother's day in Dholpur", "text": "ALWAR: Despite the state government claiming that it has taken effective measures to curb feticide and infanticide and Aamir Khan's show 'Satyamev Jayate', too, has raised awareness, still some in the state are abandoning the girl child. On Sunday, a newborn girl was found abandoned at Maloni village in Dholpur district on Mother's day.Villagers who went to the fields on Monday morning heard the cries of a baby and found an infant lying in the field. They informed the local police station and the medical department authorities too.\"The girl is alive and has been admitted to the ICU of government hospital, Dholpur. Since she was lying in the field throughout the night, she has problem in breathing and has got cold. We have put her on a ventilator and she is responding well,\" said a doctor of the government hospital.As Aamir's show 'Satyamev Jayate' has created a lot of awareness against killing of the girl child, heavy rush of people was seen at the hospital and they were keen on doing something for the girl. Many people volunteered to adopt the girl if her parents could not be found.Superintendent of the hospital, Hariom Garg said that despite the girl being born prematurely, her condition is improving. \"She is born at seven months, still she is alive and okay. She has been responding well and hopefully will survive,\" Garg added.The local police has deployed a woman constable at the hospital. \"We have lodged a case and will definitely find out those who abandoned the girl,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13142402", "title": "La Mart NCC room now a treasure trove of history", "text": "KOLKATA: The past came alive at the bantam room of La Martiniere for Boys. A tattered piece of paper, turned yellow with time, and that has turned yellow with time held together by cellotape and a 150-year-old iron mould were among the pieces of history preserved in the archive room. at La Martiniere for Boys.On Monday, the bantam room used as a NCC storeroom was transformed into a treasure trove upholding the 176-year-old legacy of the institution. Some of the legacies on exhibit displayed in the room date back as early as 1734.The will written by that the founder Major General Claude Martin wrote which led to the origin of La Martiniere is also among the memorabilia. The school has managed to procure the original will from their solicitors' Sandersons and Morgans. It isn't all. Martin's personal possessions like a from a silver medallion with his portrait embossed to his birth certificate flown in from his birth place in France's Lyon figure in the archival room. There is also a Among other belongings, of the school-founder is a letter Martin wrote in May 31, 1800 and a certificate which states his association with the British East India Company.An entire section is dedicated to its prolific students who have kept the school's flag flying high even years after passing out. To begin with, tennis ace Leander Paes has given his Arjuna award, Asian Games medal, Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award and his Olympic gold medals from Atlanta, Barcelona and Beijing to be put on display. \"Leander has been more than willing and extremely cooperative. All his medals and awards are original and nothing has been replicated,\" said teacher-in-charge Sucharita Basu.Also, mong other contributions by ex-Martinians is ace snooker and billiards player has given his best sportsman certificate to the school to be archived. Golfer Rahil Ganjee's school tie and aquatic trophy holds pride of place amidst other invaluable items.The school has also managed to attain producer Vivek Singhania's best academic prize book and school tie, while industrialist Harsh Neotia has given his school tie and his Class-IV report card. Then there is educationist John Mason's academic and best athlete certificate.The archival room has a section to Debanjan Sen who passed away in a road accident last year. Termed \"Debanjan Sen Memorial\", it has his house captain medal, a medal from the Cricket Association of Bengal, founder's best all-rounder medal, the house captain crest and his triple striped tie.One will also spot a draft of the school campus and a blueprint of the secret tunnel that used to lead to Fort William. Then there are attested copies of the land-lease documents and decrees year wise. A silver coin and souvenir belonging to the school's benefactor Paul Chater also finds place. Pictures from the other two La Martiniere schools in Lyon and Lucknow have also been displayed. The room with its vast collection that the school managed to procure over a period of four years is steeped in history.The archival room will be maintained by the decade-old Heritage club of the school. \"We have been working really hard for the last three years to set up the arvhival room,\" said president of the Heritage club Atishay Patni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "cuttack/ bhubaneswar", "code": "13144476", "title": "Central Administrative Tribunal stays police service exam", "text": "CUTTACK/ BHUBANESWAR: The Cuttack bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) on Monday imposed a stay on the Indian Police Services Limited Competitive Examination (LCE) 2012, which was scheduled on May 20.The CAT bench gave the direction in response to a batch of petitions filed by state police officers praying to quash the examination, which was introduced by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) this year.Some DSP-rank police officers of Odisha had filed petitions, alleging that the \"limited exam\" conducted by UPSC to overcome shortage of IPS officers in the country will affect their careers. The petitioners alleged the exam would block promotion quota of Odisha Police Service (OPS) officers to IPS rank. Many of the DSP rank officers would not be able to appear the exam due to age limit constraints, they said. The petitioners alleged the exam was \"arbitrary\" and urged CAT to quash it.Adjudicating the petitions, CAT had issued notice to the Union ministry of home affairs to file its reply to the matter but it did not respond. \"CAT had issued notice to the centre government to file its reply but there was no response. The CAT heard the matter in detail and imposed a stay on the exam,\" said Aditya Das, the petitioners' counsel.Recruitment to IPS is done through competitive examination from open market conducted by UPSC and promotion of state police service officers. While two-third of the vacancies is filled up through direct recruitment, the remaining is supposed to be filled up through the State Promotion Quota (SPQ). Last year, the Centre, with a view to overcome shortage of IPS officers and paucity of training facilities, decided to introduce a third method of recruitment by holding a 'Limited Competitive Examination (LCE)', in which only assistant commandants of central para-military forces (CPMF), captain and major or equivalent rank officers of defence services and deputy superintendent of police (DSP) of state police service having five years' experience and aged 35 years or less can appear.\"There being no direct recruitment of DSPs (stopped since 1976) in Odisha, there is no scope for recruitment from the state police into IPS through LCE. By the time sub-inspectors in the state reach the rank of DSP, they invariably cross the age of 35, which means they would never be eligible to appear for LCE,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143946", "title": "Man held for attacking 92-year-old mother", "text": "CHENNAI: A 58-year-old man was arrested for attacking his 92-year-old mother at Avadi using a table fan.Police said Anandraj, who was drunk, hit his mother over a family dispute on Sunday night. The woman sustained injuries on her head and has been admitted to the Government General hospital.On Sunday night, Anandraj came home drunk and asked his mother to leave his house. He picked up a quarrel asking her to go to his brothers' house nearby. After a heated argument, he lifted a table fan and hit her on her head.When his wife came to her rescue, he beat her too. She alerted the neighbours, who came to the rescue of the elderly woman and admitted her to the hospital.Anandraj was reluctant to take care of his mother and was asking her to leave the home, police said.Based on a complaint, Avadi police registered case on attempt to murder and arrested Anandraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13146271", "title": "Can Gabbar Singh Break Magadheera, Dookudu Collections?", "text": "In the race for box office collections supremacy in Tollywood, looks like the mega heroes are racing ahead of their counterparts. The 3 day collections of the recent release, \"Gabbar Singh\" netted around 25 crores, which is a new benchmark. If you look at the movie's three day collections split- Nizam area gets a lion's share with Rs. 5.74 cr, Ceeded registered Rs. 3.50 cr, Vizag collected Rs. 1.27 cr, while East and West Godavari collected around Rs. 1.10 cr. Guntur collected Rs. 1.77 cr, Krishna claimed Rs. 1.17 cr and Nellore registered Rs. 0.69 cr.Putting aside the AP collections, \"Gabbar Singh\" turned out to be a money spinner even in other parts of India, raking 1.77 crores. To top it all, Gabbar Singh's overseas collections were around Rs. 6.28 cr for the first three days. Director of the film Harish Shankar is being showered with praises for the way he has handled the script and etched Pawan's character. Mega fans, at major cinema halls in AP, were seen garlanding their favorite hero's cut outs and breaking coconuts, while dancing to the Devi Sri Prasad's tunes.The total AP share of the Ram Charan-starrer \"Magadheera\" amounted to 19.98 crores while \"Dookudu\"'s total AP share raked 23.35 crores. Now the question is can \"Gabbar Singh\" break \"Magadheera\" and \"Dookudu\" records for first week collections? Going by the current scenario and the way Pawan Kalyan fever is gripping the fans, it looks like the stage is set for al thel records to topple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143932", "title": "Man spikes driver\u2019s drink, escapes with car, chain", "text": "CHENNAI: Police are hunting for a man who drove off with the car and two-sovereign gold chain of a person whose vehicle he had hired after giving him a soft drink laced with a sedative near Gummidipoondi on Saturday night.On Saturday, a smartlydressed man approached M Madhupal (28) and sought to hire his car for 15 days to see a plot of land near Tada in Andhra Pradesh, 65 km from Chennai.Madhupal agreed and drove to Tada where they saw the land. Later, he asked Madhupal to take him to Sathyavedu. At Pathirvedu, the man asked the driver to stop and bought some liquor and a soft drink. When Madhupal decline to consume alcohol, he was given the soft drink. Madhupal drank and swooned, police said. The soft drink was apparently laced with a sedative, they said.On regaining consciousness, he found the car, his two sovereign gold chain and Rs 400 in cash missing. He managed to reach Madharpakkam village and lodge a complaint with police.Madhupal agreed to drive the man to his destination after being promised extra money. The man didn't give his name and address, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13142618", "title": "Newborn girl found abandoned", "text": "Alappuzha: A newborn baby girl was found abandoned on the side of National Highway 47 near Murikkanmoodu Junction within Kayamkulam Police Station limits on Monday morning.Kayamkulam DySP S Devamanohar told TOI that the infant was found abandoned near the compound wall of Kuttitheruvu Juma Masjid. The devotees who arrived at the mosque around 6.30am found the infant and informed the police. The child was immediately rushed to Kayamkulam Taluk Hospital and later produced before district Child Welfare Committee (CWC). \"We have registered a case in connection with the incident and an investigation is on to trace the parents of the baby,\" the DySP said.The CWC shifted the baby to Women and Children's Hospital, at Kadappuram here, where Amma Thottil, a cradle for abandoned children, is functioning.\"The baby, apparently two-day old, is healthy. The child will be shifted to a care home of the social welfare department after the CWC meeting on Wednesday,\" CWC member M K Abdul Samad told TOI.Meanwhile, the CWC members have lodged a complaint with district police chief K G James alleging that there were no police personnel present when the infant was brought to them. The new born girl was brought by a male nurse in an ambulance from Kayamkulam hospital to the CWC office in Alappuzha. \"As per rules, a police officer has to be present when an abandoned baby is produced before the CWC. The cops are also responsible to submit a report in connection with the incident to the committee. But the Kayamkulam police have failed to do so,\" Abdul Samad said.However, the DySP said that the allegations levelled by CWC members were baseless. \"An additional sub-inspector and woman civil police officer accompanied the ambulance from Kayamkulam. We have also filed a report in this connection to the CWC,\" the DySP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143667", "title": "Delhi University students flay semester system", "text": "NEW DELHI: Literature may be considered a reflection of life but for students of Delhi University there is hardly time to reflect on the beauty and relevance of literature. Students said literature was being 'crammed' into their brains to meet exam deadlines due to the semester system.At the English department for instance, first-year students wrote exams on Elizabethan works of Shakespeare and Christopher Marlowe but they will be studying the background to Elizabethan works the following semester. A group of students and faculty, majority of them from the English department, on Monday held an interaction on their experience during the first year of the semester system.The students, who wrote the last exam of their second semester tests, complained that the system was not giving them time to comprehend literature. \"It cannot be mugged up. But we are getting less time to revise or read textbooks properly. We are writing our semester exams based on one or two chapters of a book. But how can we analyse literary work without reading a substantial part of the text,\" said Tapasya Narang, a first-year student of Ramjas College.The system, which involves writing two semester exams a year, leads to breaking up of the annual syllabus into parts and wrapping it up fast. \"Students need space and time to assimilate what they are taught. We are giving them brief information instead of conceptually inculcating an appreciation of literature. There is little space for creativity or free play,\" said Sanam Khanna, a faculty member of English department at Kamala Nehru College.The worst hit are the students involved in extracurricular activities (ECA). They give classes a miss while rehearsing for their performance. \"We miss studies for almost for a month. The semester system brings enormous pressure on us. I am a theatre society member and we take great pride in performing for DU but the semester system has taken a toll both on our ECA activities as well as studies,\" said Vedabrata Rao, a first-year student of Ramjas College.Making 68% attendance a minimum criterion for students to write the semester exams has become a hurdle for them to take part in extra-curricular activities.A number of goof-ups while conducting the exams during the semesters also fuelled discontent among students. Students of BA (honours) courses were prepared to write the contemporary English paper in the second semester but were instead given question papers for another credit course -individual and society.Those who opted for Sanskrit credit course alleged they did not get the correct question paper. \"The semesters are not benefitting anyone. It may lead to serious lacunae in students comprehending the subject,\" said Vinita Chandra , a faculty member of English department, Ramjas College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13142032", "title": "Why diabetics are prone to gangrene", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat is known as country's diabetes capital. Experts say diabetics are more prone to developing diabetic foot either due to a compromised blood supply in the leg arteries or neuropathy or loss of sensation in the feet.\"Just like diabetics are more prone to heart disease, they are more prone to less blood supply in their limbs. Like in smokers, the arteries get constricted and there is more calcification\", says Dr Dani.A study conducted in Ahmedabad in which 1,000 diabetics were studied revealed that over 13 per cent patients had got foot ulcers. \"Of the 1,000 diabetics, 500 were studied at a clinic in east Ahmedabad and 500 in posh western parts of the city. Of these, 131 diabetics were found with foot ulcers. Significantly, while 59 per cent were poor, 41 per cent belonged to upper-middle-class families\", ,\" said diabetes specialist Dr Banshi Saboo, who co-authored the study with physician Dr Urman Dhruv.Extreme care of diabetic foot is mandated as its treatment is long and expensive. \"Nearly 20 per cent patients required hospitalization for a month,\" said Dr Saboo. \"Six patients required partial amputation, one needed amputation till knee, while six patients lost their life to this complication.\"In such a scenario, restoration of blood supply to the blocked vessels of the limbs promises a lot of hope as it can salvage a number of limbs from turning into gangrene and then requiring amputation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13145432", "title": "Agent arrested in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Police raided a Hazaribag cafetaria where officials of Sanjeevani Buildcon were holding a meeting with investors to start mutation of plots and arrested an agent of the builder.The arrest was made by a team led by the DSP (probationer) Manjrul Hoda.The officials of company managed to escape. Hazaribag ASP Sudarshan Mandal said Sanjay Kumar , an agent of the builder, was arrested. Police were trying to collect the details of the plots that were promised to the investors.\"The company officials who assembled at the cafeteria gave police the slip because of information leak. We conducted several raids but could not locate them,\" Mandal said. tnnSanjeevan Buildcon has acquired plots ranging from 19 to 21 acres for providing to the investors near the Bokaro river bridge on the Hazaribag-Barkagaon road, which is about 8 km from Hazaribag. The ASP said, \"We are verifying the details of the documents of the plots after interrogating the arrested agent. It was learnt that prominent among those who made investment with the above builder included ex-army personnel, several BSF personnel, teachers, professors, ex-policemen besides businessmen.But police refused to give any details in this regard as they are investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143984", "title": "Prime accused in Delhi high court blasts said to be dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jammu resident Junaid Akram, a prime accused in the Delhi high court blasts, is reported to be dead, a development that is a setback to the National Investigation Agency which was hoping to nab a key conspirator.The NIA's task becomes more challenging with the agency receiving credible information that Junaid, prime accused in the September 7, 2011 Delhi HC blast, has been killed by his associates from the terror group Hizbul Mujahideen.NIA learnt from sources in Kishtwar, where Junaid hails from, that he has been killed by his own mates. The information had been aired previously and had initially been denied by the agency as Junaid remained on its radar.A senior NIA official said, \"We now have credible information that he is dead. The people we were in touch with from his village have confirmed this. However, we will still wait for his body to be found.\"NIA was trying to track Junaid through an uncle who was in touch with the Hizbul man through another conduit. This conduit, the NIA believes, has also been killed. \"There has been no trace of him for over a month now,\" said the official.The development is a blow to the investigations into the case that is still low on material evidence and key witnesses. While NIA has some strong forensic and technical evidence, Junaid could have provided crucial details on transport of explosives, assembly of bombs and the bombers besides the route and persons involved in their reaching Delhi.Brother of prime accused Wasim Akram Malik, who is in jail, Junaid was considered to be the only weak link among the three absconding Hizbul accused who could have been persuaded to surrender. Sources said the other two, Shakir Hussain Sheikh alias Chhota Hafiz and Amir Kamal, are hardened terrorists and apprehending them will not be an easy task.In fact, NIA earlier sought Army's help to track the absconding accused. The Army had told NIA that it was unlikely that Kamal and Hafiz would be caught alive as being committed terrorists they could fight back when cornered and not give up until death.NIA sources said in the past few months, the two, along with other Hizb militants, were cornered by security forces thrice in Kishtwar region but managed to escape. This might reflect both the difficulty of operations in remote areas as well as fleet footedness of the terrorists.It was Junaid, Kamal and Hafiz who had arranged for the explosives and the planters. Wasim has told NIA that he neither knows the planters' true identities nor how and where the bombs were procured from. These crucial links are still missing from the case. The September 7, 2011 blast had claimed 15 lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13142085", "title": "Gujarat HC unites Amdavadi Ishaqzaade", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court last week ordered these Ishaqzaades be reunited, much against the wishes of their parents who forced them into taking a 'consent divorce'.Jyoti , who belongs to a Brahmin family from Rajasthan, secretly married childhood love Darshan, a Jain from Rajasthan, in October 2009 as per Hindu rites. Fearing a strong reaction from their respective families, both lived separately, hoping to convince their families and be united some day.Two months later, the families came to know about their secret marriage and pressurized the couple to part ways legally. Exactly a year later, in October 2010, they filed for divorce before a family court and both of them were made to give their consent.Taking into consideration a year of separate living, the family court last year gave a decree of dissolution of the marriage. Jyoti, however, moved HC claiming she was made to sign documents in Gujarati, a language she did not know.A division bench of justice Akil Kureshi and justice C L Soni found that the family court had passed a wrong order. The bench observed that a husband and wife may be living separately for reasons other than matrimonial discord, like higher education or employment. \"Despite physical distance, a couple may be happily married, and such a separation cannot be considered a basis for divorce, and court should be more circumspect in accepting the reasons behind consent divorce instead of mere calculation of a year's physical separation,\" the bench observed.The bench found the first two months, when the couple lived in separation at will, must not be counted in the year-long mandatory separation as per section 13-B of the Hindu Marriage Act.\"Till then, they did not even have an iota of intention of not continuing their marriage...They had no intention of not performing the matrimonial obligations at least for the period of first two months from the date of marriage when they were compelled to decide not to live together,\" the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13143395", "title": "No walk in the park for these kids", "text": "MADURAI: While city children have various options like treks and summer camps to entertain them during the summer holidays, many children from villages are deprived of even the childhood delight of playing in a park.Kalidas (16) of Okkur in Sivaganga district says that his only recreation during summer has been swimming in the village tanks, picking mangoes and playing cricket on the roadside. The only park that this teenager has visited is the Rajaji Park in Madurai, when he was 10-years-old. \"Sivaganga does not have any parks,\" he says.The Chinnalapatti town panchayat in Dindigul district is one that does not have any recreational areas for its elders or children. When the government or private players plan a residential area, parks figure as an important part in the blue prints. But in many villages they remain entirely on paper.M R Loganathan of the 15th ward in Chinnalapatti where a park was established said that residents considered themselves very lucky when a park was planned and constructed in their ward during the DMK period. But negligence had turned the place into a haven for anti-social elements and unapproachable for women and children.R Gokul (16) of Sriramapuram says he has never gone out of his village for a holiday. \"I have gone to Palani and Kodaikanal for day trips but never for a long holiday. I like watching photographs of big theme parks, but have only played on the roadside throughout my life,' he says. Students Muktheeswari, Rahul and Shanmugaprakash say that they would love to have a playground if not a park in their town panchayat. \"We only play in the grounds of the Gandhigram university and end up being chased away most of the time,\" they said.Kalaimani, a teacher from Theni, working in an interior village near Uthamapalayam says that the only feedback they received from students after the summer holidays was of playing on the roadside and going to the cinema. \"These children are really deprived of playing equipment and dedicated playgrounds and parks. However, they do make the most of the minimal facilities they haves,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13143155", "title": "CBI interrogates Nimmagadda again", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nimmagadda Prasad, the man behind the idea of Vadarevu and Nizampatnam Port &amp; Industrial Corridor (Vanpic) was questioned by CBI officials for several hours on Monday. He was called and questioned by officials at the CBI's temporary office at Dilkusha guesthouse. He was let off late in the night.Huge extents of land was acquired and transferred for this project in both Prakasam and Guntur districts. Several irregularities had allegedly taken place in the transfer of the land and the CBI has been summoning several revenue officials to ascertain facts in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141778", "title": "Tadoba on alert after turbaned youths intrude in protected area", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as a three-member fact-finding committee is investigating the Palasgaon tiger poaching incident, the intrusion of two turbaned youths in Tadoba on Monday afternoon has led to high alert in Chandrapur district.The fact-finding committee constituted by PCCF (wildlife) SWH Naqvi includes additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) AK Saxena, APCCF (ecotourism &amp; wildlife administration) Anil Mohan and APCCF (personnel) Anmol Kumar. The committee members are probing the lapses at individual level and will come out with their findings individually and jointly on how to avoid such incidents in the future. \"We have put the wildlife and territorial staff on high alert and messages have been passed on wireless,\" said Anil Mohan.Reliable sources told TOI that two turbaned youths reached the busy Moharli gate at around 2pm and sought entry into the reserve on the pretext of visiting a ration shop owner in Palasgaon (Shingru), a village inside Tadoba.One of the visitors gave his name as Kamaljeet and recorded the number of his bike at the gate register. As there is no restriction on people visiting relatives living in villages inside TATR, the forest guards allowed the youths to enter.However, instead of visiting the so-called relative in Palasgaon, the two youths headed for Pandharpaoni, where there is a tigress and four cubs. The TATR administration learnt about it only after some tourists saw the two moving around suspiciously in Pandharpaoni area.The tourists reportedly captured the duo on camera and also gave the number of the bike at Moharli gate. It is also learnt that one of the forest guards too intercepted the two in the core area but let them go after questioning.By the time forest authorities could alert all the gates of the reserve, the duo had escaped from the Navegaon (Ramdegi) gate. The administration pressed the panic button then and sought help from the police department. Authorities have sounded an alert and launched a hunt for the youths.Chief conservator of forests (CCF) and field director of TATR VK Sinha confirmed receiving a complaint about suspicious movement of two bike-borne turbaned youths in Pandharpaoni area around 4.45pm. \"The duo sought entry on the pretext of visiting some villager in Palasgaon. However, after receipt of the complaint, we have launched a search,\" he said.A source said the youths had entered the park in a similar manner on May 9, but there is no confirmation. Officials are taking no chances though, especially after the recent case of poaching at Palasgaon in the buffer zone of TATR.While investigators are still groping in the dark in the Palasgaon case, this incident has sent chills down the spine of wildlife wing officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "13143532", "title": "Europe explores Nagaland investment potential", "text": "KOHIMA: European ambassadors visiting the state met senior government officials at the Heritage, Kohima on Monday for a brief interaction on investment avenues in various sectors in the state. The meeting was hosted by Nagaland state chief secretary, Lalthara.Welcoming the dignitaries, Lalthara said that the European Union is an exemplary set-up - a global village where boundaries are respected but there is freedom to move within the European countries - and the world should learn from it.Lalthara gave a brief overview of the troubled history of Nagaland. He, however, added that the state is growing with the rest of the country and is a good place to invest.The European delegates were on their second visit to the northeast and explained that the purpose of their visit was to improve the relationship between India and European countries.The visiting ambassadors, who hailed from Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia, also visited Nagaland University, Kohima campus, Meriema.Interacting with the vice-chancellor, academic staff and students of Nagaland University, the dignitaries said that as ambassadors, part of their mission is to discover the country and to work more closely with India. They also remarked how impressive it is to see so many young women in the university like in European countries. They said participation of women is important for the transformation of their role in society.The visiting ambassadors also stressed on cooperation between European and Indian varsities and to promised to create opportunities for exchange of students and faculties between Nagaland University and European varsities.Nagaland University vice-chancellor B K Konwar gave a speech on 'Nagaland University in Perspective' on the occasion.Meanwhile, the European ambassadors held a meeting with leaders of political parties at Nagaland Assembly, Committee Hall, Kohima today. The meeting was presided over by speaker Kiyanilie Peseyie.Peseyie said a chance to interact with ambassadors of European countries is rare and expressed hope that the meeting would be a good beginning. The visitors said that the objective of their visit is to understand the Indian diversity and to understand Nagaland better and its challenges for economic development in Nagaland in particular.Minister for higher education and NPF president Shurhozelie highlighted the challenges of economic advancement and added that the visit is unique and will be a milestone in the history of the Nagas. He said that the formation of the Nagaland Legislative Forum of the 11th Nagaland Legislative Assembly, comprising all elected members of the NLA, is a big boost to finding a solution to the long-drawn Naga political problem. He called upon the visiting ambassadors for their support and suggestion to the Indian government for finding a solution to the Naga political issue.MLA and senior Congress member K V Pusa briefed the delegates about the Naga people living in neighbouring states of Assam, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh and one-third of the Naga population living in Myanmar. Replying to questions put forward by the ambassador of Finland on the participation of women in Naga society, he said that they receive equal rights as men.Tokheho Yepthomi from Congress and leader of the opposition said that Nagas are still economically backward, but the visit of Europeans ambassadors and its outcome would lessen the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13142685", "title": "Panchayat polls: Family raj surfaces in North Goa", "text": "MAPUSA: Though 'family raj' was attributed as a major factor in the defeat of some politicians, especially in South Goa, in the March 3 assembly elections, it is not known how it will affect a few families in the panchayat elections in North Goa.In the 11-member Anjuna village panchayat, three families have fielded a total of six candidates for the panchayat polls. The sitting sarpanch, Sandip Chimulkar is in the fray with his wife Pooja Chimulkar.Former sarpanch Lavino Rebello and his mother Putima Rebello are contesting from two separate wards. Another former deputy sarpanch, Hanumant Lingudkar and his brother Uday Lingudkar are also contesting the polls from this panchayat.In Pilerne, the husband and wife team of sarpanch Suvarna Malik and deputy Ramakant Malik is also re-contesting along with five new candidates in theirpanel. Incidentally, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar's brother, Pramod Parulekar, is in the fray from ward no five of Saligao panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13144212", "title": "Four killed in separate mishaps", "text": "VARANASI: Four persons were killed in separate road mishaps at different places in Mirzapur and Ghazipur districts on Monday.According to reports, Rakesh Gupta (32), a native of Bhadohi, along with Suresh Yadav and Sunil Kumar of his village, was heading towards Mirzapur on a motorcycle. When they were passing through Jungi Road, a truck hit their motorbike. Rakesh died on the spot while Suresh and Sunil suffered serious injuries.Meanwhile, in Gaipura, Mohd Javed of Allahabad was killed when his pick up van turned turtle. He died on the spot while his two companions suffered injuries. In another road mishap at Puranpatti, Juna Devi (55) was killed when a car hit her when she was crossing the road. She died on the spot.Besides, in Ghazipur, Ramayan Sonekar was killed when his car collided with another vehicle near Basupur village. He died on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13143211", "title": "WHO to declare polio global health emergency", "text": "NEW DELHI: A historic resolution by the World Health Organization (WHO) will declare polio a global health emergency in the upcoming World Health Assembly (WHA) to be held from May 21 to 26.Even as the world celebrates India's success in stopping active polio virus circulation, the threat of importation is worrying countries across the world.The WHO document on polio prepared for the WHA and sent to India's health ministry says Afghanistan, Nigeria and Pakistan - the only three polio endemic countries - have seen a significant increase in new cases in 2011 as compared to 2010.Nigeria saw 185% increase in cases. Afghanistan and Pakistan experienced 220% and 37% rise, respectively.Nigeria and Pakistan were the only two countries with confirmed circulation of the P3 virus strain since last September. Compounding the problem is the finance gap that is plaguing the polio fight. WHO says the world is short by $1,090 million against an overall budget of $2,230 million.The document says, \"Already in the first quarter of 2012, an insufficiency of financing required some emergency eradication activities to be scaled back in 24 at risk countries. In line with the development of the Global Polio Emergency Action Plan 2012-13, a new more efficient strategy is being examined which would combine the eradication of the residual wild poliovirus transmission with the polio endgame strategy.\"One of the decisions to be taken includes shelving an anti-polio vaccine, which is being used in India since 1978.Once cleared, India will stop the use of trivalent oral polio vaccine (TOPV) and shift to solely using the oral bivalent one. Experts say chances of vaccine derived polio virus infection (VDPV) are higher with the use of TOPV (that targets all three strains of polio virus P1, P2 and P3) against the bivalent vaccine (that targets P1 and P3).The new bivalent vaccine was the game-changer for India's fight against polio. Soon after its introduction in 2009, India saw a 94% decline in polio cases in 2010. It recorded only 42 polio cases. The number of affected districts also saw a sharp dip - from 90 in 2008, 56 (2009) and 17 (2010).Polio hotbed Uttar Pradesh reported only 10 polio cases in 2010 as compared to 602 cases in 2009. Bihar recorded nine polio cases in 2010 against 117 in 2009.Scientific studies showed that BOPV induced a significantly higher immunity response - 30% more than other trivalent or monovalent vaccines being used earlier.Oral polio vaccines (OPV) contain a weakened version of poliovirus, activating an immune response in the body. A vaccinated person transmits the weakened virus to others that also develop antibodies to polio, ultimately stopping transmission of poliovirus in a community.Importation of the virus is India's biggest concern, specially from its neighbours.WHO has said, \"Travelers to and from Pakistan should be fully vaccinated, and travelers to the country who in the past have had three or more doses of OPV) should have another one before they travel. Some countries require travelers from Pakistan to be fully immunized against polio before they grant an entry visa.\"WHO board is urging member states with poliovirus transmission to declare such transmission to be a \"national public health emergency\", requiring the development and full implementation of emergency action plans, to be updated every six months, until such time as poliovirus transmission has been interrupted. It has also urged member states to maintain very high population immunity against polio viruses through routine immunization programmes and, where necessary, supplementary immunization activities.\"Maintain vigilance for poliovirus importations, and the emergence of circulating vaccine-derived polioviruses, by achieving and sustaining certification-standard surveillance for polioviruses,\" the board says.Sir Liam Donaldson, chairperson of the Independent Monitoring Board, said, \"Tackling the remaining one percent of polio is the greatest challenge yet, but it can be achieved if the funding and political commitment is there. Achieving this goal would be an immense triumph, making polio the second disease ever to be wiped from the planet. Failure would be a global health catastrophe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143856", "title": "Builders\u2019 body expels 3 members", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai real estate has suffered a major jolt as three of its leading builders, DLF, Hirco and Hiranandani, have been removed from the builders' body, the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI ). Yet another major builder, Vijay Shanthi, has opted out of CREDAI membership on its own. Trouble is brewing in CREDAI's Karnataka unit too, where four builders have been expelled.CREDAI national president Lalit Kumar Jain told TOI that the expulsions were owing to the builders' stiff resistance to sign the organisation's ethical code of conduct, mandatory for all the 8,600 members spread across 105 cities in 22 states. As on date, apart from Chennai and Karnataka, Nasik is the only other city where all members of CREDAI are signatories to the code. \"Based on requests from other state chapters, their members have been given time until June 30 to sign the document,\" said Jain.The revolt, however,has left adent on the organisation's ongoing mission to create greater transparency in the housing industry as the expelled members are promoters of mega projects including three integrated townships and an IT SEZ in Chennai and its outskirts. Those expelled will not be able to participate in Fairpro, the annual property fair organised by CREDAI, which is a big crowd puller in the city.\"A code of conduct for the builder community was first mooted by the Chennai chapter of CREDAI two years ago. It gained momentum last year when CREDAI national decided to implement it across the country,\" said T Chitty Babu, CREDAI secretary. Once a builder signs the code of conduct, the customers enjoy the right to drag him to the grievance redressal forum of CREDAI in case of disputes, he said.V Suresh, principal executive officer, Hirco, said his company had reservations about continuing in CREDAI. \"We are part of a national body and an international body - CII India and Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors, UK respectively. We follow best practices in real estate sector and are in sync with all statutory requirements. Being a pan-India player, we follow uniform norms and do not want to change our practices to suit a trade organisation's code of conduct.\"A senior executive in the DLF expressed similar concerns. \"Even without signing the CREDAI code of conduct, we have been following best practices in the industry.\" However, Suresh Kumar Jain, MD of Vijay Shanthi, has issues with CREDAI on the clauses in the ethical code. \"Our panel of lawyers objected to signing the code of conduct,\" he said, but refused to elaborate further.Hiranandani sought more time to react to the developments. A Chennai-based builder, however, felt that CREDAI has not been firm against its members who violate building norms. \"Some builders have been booked by police for landrelated frauds. What action has CREDAI taken against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13141827", "title": "In a first, 31 intelligence officers for Gujarat's Intelligence Bureau", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At the passing out parade of Gujarat Police Academy (GPA) at Karai on Monday, the hallmark of the event was a batch of 31 intelligence officers ( IOs ). These officers in the rank of sub-inspector will be directly recruited with state Intelligence Bureau (IB) under Criminal Investigation Department (CID). The new recruits include three women officers.So far, police sub-inspectors and inspectors from the state cadre were being sent to IB-CID as regular posting during their careers.Chief minister Narendra Modi , who was chief guest at the function, said that the initiative to strengthen the intelligence wing had been taken by the state police. \"The intelligence services have a crucial role to play in security scenario but unfortunately it has been treated with indifference. The initiative has been linked with courses of Raksha Shakti University, Gujarat Forensic Science University and Gujarat National Law University with a view to modernizing the services of police force,\" he said.According to GPA officials, the curriculum had two-third of intelligence modules and one-third of regular module prescribed for sub-inspectors. \"The course was tailor-made by IB officers by studying manuals of central IB, RAW and other intelligence agencies. It includes intelligence gathering, dissemination, coordination between various agencies and keeping a low profile. It is in addition to physical training and knowledge of various laws and local conditions,\" said an official.On Monday, a total of 387 officers and personnel passed out from Karai. Those who passed out from the academy include 61 deputy superintendents of police (DSPs) including 20 women, 177 police sub-inspectors, 116 women lok rakshaks and 31 intelligence officers.Modi said that the state has arguably one of the youngest police forces in the country and with superior qualification as professionals such as engineers and doctors chose khaki over their current jobs.The family members of the pass-outs participated in a large number at the function. A number of women candidates were seen with their in-laws who supported them in their endeavours.CM wants Sadbhavana in khaki to be highlightedAhmedabad: The new recruits will now have to help overcome trust deficit by highlighting good work by individuals and police station through creating a common platform.This new initiative was suggested by chief minister Narendra Modi. In November last year, the CM had suggested training to 100 constables for 100 hours by the newly-recruited police sub-inspectors. Modi claimed that 22,000 constables got benefited by the initiative and thus it will be continued for the current batch as well.\"We want to take the initiative to police station level where the personnel can get connected through a common platform of a website where the success stories, even if one every week, can be shared with citizens and media,\" said Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13143857", "title": "Robbery bid foiled, 5 held", "text": "LUDHIANA: City police have busted an 11-member gang, planning to strike at the residence of a cloth merchant.While cops arrested five of its members - Ravi Kumar, Rajinder Singh, Mithun, Neeraj Kumar and Gurjeet Sing - on Saturday night from Ferozepur Road, Sandeep Bedi, who ran the gang, Manoj, Bodha, Nimma and two of their unidentified associates are on the run. All the accused belong to Ferozepur district. A 12-bore and a 315-bore country-made revolvers, three cartridges, a knife, an axe, a bottle of sedatives and a car have been recovered from their possession.The police told media on Monday that the gang planned to target the house of cloth merchant, Kuldeep Singh, in Haibowal. ''They had been planning the loot for many months. Sandeep had worked in Kuldeep's store. When PCR cops suspected their activities on Ferozepur Road, they informed Sarabha Nagar police station,'' ACP, PCR, Rajkumar Jalotra said.During interrogation, they have confessed to the crime. However, Mithun claimed that he was unaware about Sandeep's plans and he had brought him to attend a religious function. Gurjeet claimed that Sandeep hired his taxi for Ludhiana and he, too, did not know anything about his conspiracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13141625", "title": "Workshop for first-time corporators kicks off in Vanamati", "text": "NAGPUR: In a move that could help the newly elected corporators understand their duties and rights better, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation Akhil Bharatiya Sthanik Swarajya Sanstha jointly organized a workshop cum training programme for them, which started on Monday at Vanamati.In a 145-member house where 50 % corporators are women , roughly 80 members are first timers in the civic body. Sources said that the workshop witnessed 85% attendance.Mayor Anil Sole, an experienced member of the House, said that there was a need to provide knowledge about the working of the corporation to the newly elected members to ensure that they understand its functioning while serving the city. The civic issues of NMC and the hurdles need to be explained to the new members, he pointed out.However, due to lack of experience, they often fail to raise issues systematically, which affects development works of their wards, he further said. \"Such workshops would help us to raise the civic issues in a better way and ensure development works of our wards,\" said first-time corporator from Jaripatka Bhavna Lonare.During the workshop, different departments of the NMC made presentations on working of their respective topics. Moreover, the newly elected corporators were provided information about the City of Nagpur Corporation Act, the functioning of the civic body and various committees.The corporators were also be apprised about the procedure of revenue collection by different departments like octroi and property tax and their importance for the development of the city\"A corporator stands as the gatekeeper of the ward. But very few corporators have included public within the framework of their governance. Many also fear higher authorities. Over the years, Nagpur could have resolved many issues with many corporators who miserably failed to develop their wards,\" said retired Supreme Court Justice Vikas Shirpurkar. \"After getting elected, it becomes the responsibility of the corporators to solve the problems of the public. Every member must be aware of his or her rights and duties.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13143606", "title": "Charred body of woman found in Pollachi", "text": "COIMBATORE: Early risers of Mahalinga Nagar, a residential colony on Kambar street in Pollachi, woke up to a macabre sight after they found a badly charred body of a woman lying on the street in the wee hours of Monday. A can of petrol was also found near the body. Local police arrived at the spot and sent the body for postmortem at Pollachi Government Hospital. The identity of the woman is yet to be ascertained but police have relayed the message to all police stations in the district and nearby districts to cross check it with the woman missing cases registered with them.\"We are trying to identify the body. So far, we have not got any clue about her identity. According to the doctors, she was about 50-years-old,\" said P Balaji, deputy superintendent of police, Pollachi.Police said some of the local residents informed them about the incident around 4am on Monday. The body was completely charred in the fire, except for the lower limbs of the victim.\"There were some ornaments on the body and the face was unrecognizable,\" Balaji added.The police have recovered the ornaments and could use them to identify the woman. Police have ruled out robbery as the motive behind the crime. They have also sought details about woman missing complaints registered in nearby police stations, especially those in which the missing person is above 40 years of age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13144459", "title": "Forestry graduates threaten mass self-immolation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Students of the College of Forestry under the Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT), who are on a dharna in the state capital since February 27, have threatened mass self-immolation on Tuesday.Student union general secretary Pramit Pritam Jena said despite over two months' of non-violent agitation, the state government has not shown any inclination to solve their demands.\"We are forced to take the extreme step,\" Jena added. Earlier, the students had undertaken a mock funeral on May 12 pressing for their demands.The students' demands include making BSc forestry degree the minimum qualification for direct recruitment of range officers in the state forest department.Around a month after the students began agitation, the university declared the college closed sine die on April 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141913", "title": "IPL 5: Punjab face Delhi in crucial match at Kotla", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Delhi is sitting pretty on their lofty perch atop the points table while a mad scramble for IPL playoff berths has begun in right earnest.Their next opponents at the Ferozeshah Kotla on Tuesday are Punjab, who might be down at seventh in the table with 14 points from 13 games but still have an outside chance of progressing to the last four.The fifth edition of the League has been a roller-coaster ride for Punjab who did their campaign no harm by pulling off a stunning win over Hyderabad on Sunday night.One of their biggest strengths has been the performance of the local talent, which once again came to the fore on Sunday. This time the hero was little known 21-year-old Gurkeerat Singh, who managed to finish off Hyderabad with ease even when 16 runs were needed off the final over.Their other success story has, of course, been opener Mandeep Singh, their top-scorer in this competition so far with 387 runs at a strike-rate of 125.6. With these youngsters coming through, Punjab haven't missed the services of inspirational skipper Adam Gilchrist, who has missed most of the tournament with a hamstring injury.In the absence of Gilchrist, another Aussie, David Hussey has stepped up to provide the spark as an able leader. The younger of the Hussey brothers is having his best season in IPL with 344 runs in 13 games till date. David has not only raised his game up a notch but has also inspired the youngsters as well.The addition of Pakistan-import Azhar Mahmood has beefed up the side. The T20 wanderer has added his wealth of experience to the outfit especially in the bowling department. Delhi, on the other hand, have relied heavily on the firepower at the top.Most of their success has centered around the willows of Virender Sehwag and Kevin Pietersen. The latter's absence has left a gaping hole in the middle with both Mahela Jayawardene and Ross Taylor still struggling to get into their groove.David Warner might have made an immediate impact with his century last week against Hyderabad but he remains in the Sehwag mould. The Delhi skipper's form also has hit rough water after a world-record run of five successive fifties.The Delhi management though is not worried about Sehwag's form. \"No batsmen can have 100 per cent success rate. We won all the matches with ease when Sehwag scored a fifty. In the last game, he was dismissed by an absolute beauty by Ben Hilfenhaus,\" Delhi mentor TA Sekar said here on Monday.The grey area has to be the form of Taylor, who has looked completely out of sorts. \"Ross is a class player but he is coming off an injury. He had to sit out the Hyderabad game because he had fallen sick. Ross can play the role of an aggressor as well as anchor with ease and we can't discount him,\" Sekar added.Apart from the big names though, the home side looks thin in the batting department. Now, the biggest worry for Delhi will be whether the side has peaked too soon. Delhi will be going all out for a win on Tuesday as it will ensure a top-two league finish which gives a team an extra chance to compete for an entry into the final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13155478", "title": "ITC plans Rs 1000cr state food foray with 5 units", "text": "KOLKATA: After almost a decade, ITC, the biggest corporate house in the east and one of the top business conglomerates in India, is betting big on Bengal. The over 22,000-crore tobacco-to-hospitality giant plans to set up five manufacturing facilities for its foods business in the state.The combined investment for these facilities would be around 1,000 crore, the biggest by the corporate giant in the state in recent times.If it materializes, say industry experts, this could set the pace for industrialization in Bengal once again after the Singur setback.Kurush Grant, the executive director of ITC, told TOI that the new FMCG division of the company had started the process of setting up two food units of its own. Besides, it is in talks with a few partners for three contract manufacturing facilities for different food items.\"We shall have most of the units within 50-60 sqkm of Kolkata. Bengal is an ideal place for investment in the foods business. It has most of the raw materials as well as goods market. This is the entry point to the northeast,\" he added.According to Grant, ITC already has two contract facilities in Bengal and is planning half-a-dozen more in view of growing demand. He indicated that the company, which has the highest weightage in the sensex along with Reliance Industries , may form joint ventures for the contract manufacturing facilities here. \"This (joint venture) is a possibility we are exploring for the contract manufacturing units. This can solve the land problem. We can tie up with those who have land with them,\" he added.ITC had in fact expressed interest in setting up a food facility in Bengal way back in 2006 near National Highway No 6, but the plan was deferred because of unavailability of land. The West Bengal Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (WBIIDC) had earmarked 40 acres for the project, which was found to be disputed.Later, WBIIDC allotted 18 acres at Uluberia industrial estate. The Mamata Banerjee government has also offered land to the FMCG giant near Santiniketan.\"We shall start work at Uluberia. Regarding Santiniketan, we are yet to take a call, but the industry department is really cooperating with us,\" Grant said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "13143028", "title": "Director general of police pays 'secret' visit to godman", "text": "ONGOLE: Director general of police V Dinesh Reddy paid a secret visit to the ashram of controversial godman Ramadhuta (Avadhuta) Swamy at Chevuru in Gudluru mandal of Prakasam district on Monday.Keeping in view the controversy kicked up during his previous visit to the ashram, Dinesh Reddy kept his Monday visit a top secret. The DGP, who returned from a holiday break, rushed to the Chevur ashram in the morning. Dinesh flew down to Nellore in a special chopper to hold a review meeting on the byelection arrangements. While the review meeting was slated at 10 am, it was delayed by at least three hours to facilitate the state police boss to complete his personal visit to the ashram first.Kandukur inspector Akkeswara Rao feigned ignorance about the DGP's visit. While the entire police machinery was tightlipped about the visit, the ashram authorities leaked the information to the media on Sunday itself. Senior BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi , ministers Anam Ramnarayana Reddy and Dokka Manikya Varaprasad and RS MP Palvai Goverdhan Reddy were other prominent personalities present at the ashram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13146234", "title": "Gautam Gambhir confident of turning things around in last two games", "text": "KOLKATA: Having slumped to the third spot in the points table after back-to-back defeats, Kolkata Knight Riders are in danger of missing the play-offs, but captain Gautam Gambhir is confident of turning things around in their last two Indian Premier League matches.KKR suffered their second consecutive loss on Monday when defending champions Chennai Super Kings beat them by five wickets in a last-ball thriller at the Eden Gardens.\"We played some very good cricket in the last two games. It's not that we were beaten convincingly. It's really disheartening not to be able to finish the games, but we played both the games to the best of our ability,\" the left-hander said during the post-match press conference.\"We can take a lot of positives out of it (the match). With the kind of cricket we are playing, hopefully we can turn it around pretty soon,\" Gambhir said.Asked about their chances of progressing to the play-offs, Gambhir said: \"We still have two more games and are still third in the table. The table was always such that every team had a chance.\"If we go and win one more we may go to the top. It's just a matter of playing each game as it comes.\"KKR's star-studded middle-order failed to capitalise on a 99-run opening stand as CSK restricted the hosts to 158/6.Gambhir once again turned out to be the main scorer for KKR with a 43-ball 62, his sixth fifty in 10 matches.Inspite of his middle-order's poor show, Gambhir stood by his team and said there was no need of drastic chopping and changing in the playing eleven in their last two games against Mumbai Indians and Pune Warriors India.\"Do I need to decide the playing at the moment? I think the more you have stability in the side the better it is,\" Gambhir said.\"You just can't go out there and keep chopping and changing. We have gone with our core players throughout the tournament. We have showed confidence on them. You need to keep backing your players and show faith in them. That's what captaincy is all about,\" the KKR skipper said.The left-hander, however, believed the 158-run target was a decent one on the Eden track.\"We were pretty happy with the total we got. We always knew that it would be tough for them (CSK) once the ball gets old. The way they started and the way we got back into the game I think a lot of credit needs to go to the bowlers. We just could not finish the line,\" Gambhir said.Just ahead of the media interaction, it was announced that the players would not answer anything related to the Eden strip, but Gambhir admitted that the wicket did get slow as the innings progressed.\"Wicket does get slow and the ball starts gripping once it gets old. We still managed to do pretty well and got to 158, which was a par total on this wicket,\" he said.\"The same thing happened during their (CSK) innings as well. They started off really well and we got the game back.\"KKR have been witnessing a full house in almost every game at the Eden Gardens, and Gambhir said they would try their best to bring smiles back on the home fans.\"It's unbelievable. We played some very good cricket so everyone should be happy of it. The kind of support we got from the city is fantastic. They have given us a lot of love and praise.\"Hopefully they keep supporting us in future as well. I've always maintained that we go out there to bring joy and make them feel happy,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13144488", "title": "CM Naveen Patnaik to decided on my continuance: Jhina Hikaka", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nearly three weeks after moving out of Maoist captivity, Jhina Hikaka on Monday said he had left the decision of his continuance as Laxmipur legislator to chief minister and BJD president Naveen Patnaik .\"He (Naveen) is the chief minister and our party president. I have left it to him to decide whether I should continue as MLA or not,\" Hikaka said, shortly after meeting Naveen for the second time since Maoists released him in Narayanpatna, Koraput, on April 26 after holding him hostage for 33 days. Hikaka was reacting to queries on whether he would quit as MLA in congruence with the Maoist demand. \"I am discharging my duties as MLA like I used to do earlier,\" Hikaka said. \"I love Koraput and will continue to visit my area,\" he added, indicating that he might not bow to Maoist pressure.The 37-year-old tribal MLA said he has not discussed the resignation issue with the CM so far. \"He (Naveen) will be going abroad (from May 23). We will talk about it when he returns,\" he added. However, Hikaka admitted he was 'depressed'. \"There is no pressure,\" he said, quickly adding, \"I am little depressed and want more time for relaxation.\" This came a day after a CPI (Maoist) Koraput-Srikakulam division leader Daya sent a media release questioning Hikaka's silence about police atrocities against tribals in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon blocks in Koraput.Hikaka, who has been staying with his family at his official residence here amid tight security, said Naveen queried about his two sons' education and also the health of his mother. Hikaka, who has been maintaining a studied silence since his return, has been under tremendous pressure as the Maoists had demanded his resignation as MLA and also snapping ties with the BJD. He had at a praja (people's) court given a written undertaking that he would quit as lawmaker and also from the ruling party to secure his release from the Red outlaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13144312", "title": "Pilots' strike costs veggie exporters 44 lakh per day", "text": "MUMBAI: Small- and medium-scale vegetable and fruit exporters at the APMC market in Vashi are suffering losses of Rs 44 lakh a day because of the Air India (AI) pilots' strike. On Monday afternoon, empty boxes of export-quality vegetables and fruits were piled up as trash at the market, their contents having been released locally at about half the price.\"The boxes were returned from the air cargo terminal in Mumbai. The bookings were on AI flights that were cancelled. We are selling the stock at a great loss in local markets now. The boxes have become trash,\" said exporter Bhima S Hanje of Deepali Enterprises.He said the APMC market has 25 small- and medium-scale vegetable and fruit exporters, most of whom are suffering daily losses of Rs 1.5 to 2 lakh each. Their wares primarily go to Gulf countries like the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the UK.Each box typically holds 4 kg of vegetables like ladies' fingers, bitter gourd, green chillies and onions, and fruits like mangoes, apples and grapes, all highly perishable. Hanje said the 4-kg box of ladies' fingers sells for Rs 350 to 400 in London , but exporters were being forced to sell them for Rs 170 to 220 per box in Mumbai. \"The strike is bleeding us daily. Our customers abroad are frantically calling us to know when the cargo will reach them. We have no answer to that as the strike continues,\" said one exporter.Asked why the boxes can't be transported through other airlines, he said, \"With AI, we have a fixed system wherein we can export two tons of goods or a little above this figure. But in other airlines, like Jet Airways , we are only allowed 500 kg per flight, which is not beneficial to us,\" he said.The exporters hope that the civil aviation ministry steps in to end the strike, Hanje said. \"Otherwise our losses will mount.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13144275", "title": "Lucknow University: Online glitches come to the fore", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University's online application process meant for undergraduate and post-graduate courses came under sharp criticism from the students, as the online window that opened on Monday gave tough time to the candidates who felt that the provision of manual application forms should also exist.\"Students from rural areas will face a problem because of power connectivity concerns. Though they are familiar with the online process, many students also don't have access to a computer and most importantly internet. The university should therefore give an option of manual application forms,\" said a student leader.Many students are of the view that going online has reduced the university's burden, but on the contrary, it has increased the load on the students. \"The university no more has to give prospectus to the students. They charge Rs 600 for an application form and give nothing in return. But the students have to make rounds of the bank for generating challan and then visit the cyber cafe from where they can fill up the form,\" said another candidate seeking admission in LU.In the online system developed by the university, a candidate will first have to log onto university's website, , and click on Admissions 2012. Immediately, a page will appear where it will be written, 'for online submission of UG forms, click here'. Making use of the option, another window will open where the option of 'generating bank challan' will come. After filling up the necessary details online, the candidate is suppose to visit any branch of State Bank of India and get the challan, which will have a journal number and a branch code. The candidates will then log onto the website and choose the option of 'online filling of registration form'. The window that opens will ask for journal number and registration number. Once these details are entered, the candidate will fill up the form, take a print out and post it to the given address.Calling the paperless system as an upgradation, university officials said, \"The students do not have to stand in long queues to get hold of an application form. It also ensures transparency and will reduce the time taken to scan and compile student data,\" and added that merit list will be produced as soon as the last date is over. \"In the manual system, it took us minimum 15 days to compile the data and upload it on the computer,\" said a teacher associated with admissions.To assist students, the university has roped in SBI where candidates can sit and fill up the forms. On the first day, nearly 28 bank challans were deposited.LU went fully online for admission to PG courses in the academic session 2010-11. Last year, they switched to the online mode for all courses and not allowing the manual filling of application forms. The total online mode has led to the decrease in the number of applicants. \"When the university had both offline and online options, majority of the students taking admission to UG courses opted for the offline mode and not the online portal,\" said a teacher.Students too find the online method cumbersome and say that instead of standing in queues at the university counter, they will have to do the same in the banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13144453", "title": "State-run insecticide laboratory in city gets ISO-IEC 17025:2005 certification", "text": "PUNE: The state-run Insecticide Laboratory in the city has received the ISO-IEC 17025:2005 certification, which will help enhance the credibility of test reports generated by the lab. The reports will now have international recognition and will be accepted as authentic document at national and international levels.This has put the city lab in the elite club of five such establishments in the country. Of these five, three are managed by the Union government, while the two, at Aurangabad and Pune, are managed by the state government. This certification has also increased the responsibility of the lab, as many complicated and important samples of insecticides will now first come to Pune for testing.This certification is given by New Delhi-based National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL). , which works under the Union department of science and technology.The government has authorised the NABL as the sole accreditation body for testing and calibration of laboratories.A team constituted by the NABL inspects such labs and interviews officials. The real test is when the inspecting committee takes any sample report generated by the lab earlier and asks them to conduct fresh test on similar sample. The team observes the methods and ways of conducting the tests and final decision about awarding certification is taken in Delhi on the basis of the team's assessment of the lab.A two-member committee, comprising an expert from the National Chemical Laboratory and another from the Bureau of Indian Standards, Mumbai, visited the Pune lab on February 11 and 12. The lab received the confirmation letter about award of certification on May 11. As per the letter, the accreditation would be for one year, starting May 4.Samples of insecticides provided by designated agriculture officers and inspectors are tested at the lab and claims made by the respective companies are verified. If a report does not match the claims made by the company, the government can take action against the company.Speaking to TOI, Balasaheb More, analytical chemist (chief) of the lab, said, \"The certification also means that there will be an increase in our annual target for tests - from 2,200 to 2,350 samples. We are also expecting rise in funds the lab receives from the Union government. At present, the lab receives Rs 12 lakh annually, which is spent on purchasing certified reference material for testing samples. Buying of equipment, quality materials and chemicals for conducting tests, maintenance of the lab are the other requirements. The state provides about Rs 6 lakh, which mostly covers salaries of the staff.\"More said, \"The information we received from the Union government is that Pune lab is the second lab in Maharashtra after Aurangabad to get such a certification. There are three labs run by the Union government that have received ISO/IEC certification. No other lab in the country has so far received such accreditation\"Speaking on the condition of anonymity, an official from the state agriculture department said, \"Such upgradation was the need of the hour, as and more international insecticide, pesticide and seed companies are expanding their base in the country.\" These companies do have a strong sense of quality, guidelines and market requirement. But, when their main products are launched, we need to have required testing infrastructure to gain their confidence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13141661", "title": "Govt humours MPs, may ban all cartoons in school textbooks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Monday appeared to be considering putting an end to the innovative use of cartoons to make school textbooks more appealing to students.Although a committee set up by the government to look into the use of cartoons is to submit its report on June 15, UPA appeared set to end the experiment altogether. \"We believe textbooks are not the place where these issues (cartoons) should be influencing impressionable minds. That is our position... I found many of the cartoons in textbooks offensive\", HRD minister Kapil Sibal told reporters after MPs cranked up their protest against the use of satire in textbooks to draw in students.The minister said that NCERT has already directed the textbooks featuring the cartoons not be distributed. Wholesalers of NCERT books have been told to hold back the books.After successfully demanding the deletion of an Ambedkar cartoon from a textbook, MPs on Monday upped their ante to demand that cartoons be banned altogether from textbooks. The MPs alleged that cartoons, like Bolywood movies, were part of the conspiracy to malign the political class, and should not be part of textbooks. Cartoons should be confined to columns of newspapers, they said.Sibal also spoke of the effect that cartoons can have on impressionable minds. \"The issue is not in the context of cartoons; it is about having them in textbooks that influence impressionable minds\".Although he assured that children will get their books sans cartoons in a month's time, the anti-cartoon stand may mean the end of what was widely appreciated as an imaginative experiment to provide students a respite from bland text. There were no complaints from teachers and students against publishing cartoons in textbooks until Ramdas Athawale of the Republican Party of India chanced upon the one on Ambedkar, drawn by legendary cartoonist Shankar in 1949, in a textbook that was published five years ago.However, the angry cross-party reaction in Lok Sabha indicated that the MPs may have been seethed against the use of satirical device, and protests against the Ambedkar cartoon became the spark to vent their anger. Senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha , while emphasizing that they did not have problem with cartoons per se, objected to their use in textbooks. He held Sibal solely responsible for anti-politician contents in textbooks, and demanded that that the minister should resign immediately.When asked, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee also endorsed the stand, saying, \"Cartoons are for mature minds; not for children.\"Cartoons making fun of leaders like Ambedkar finding their way into textbooks came under all-round attack in Lok Sabha on Monday, prompting government to promise an inquiry into the role of NCERT officials and ensure there are no recurrences.The House saw almost a hour-long impromptu discussion with members contending that the impressionable minds of young children were being \"poisoned\" by such cartoons. Their contention was that an all-out conspiracy was being enacted to put politicians in poor light, may it be the media or Bollywood.Raising the issue, Harsimrat Kaur Badal (SAD) said she was shocked to hear during a visit to a school that out of 100-odd children she interacted with, none wanted to join politics. While seeking the reasons, she said that she came to know of the textbook in which cartoons lampooning politicians have been incorporated. One of the students said he did not want to join politics as politicians were \"looters, criminals and thieves\".Sanjay Nirupam of Congress regretted that politician bashing has become \"fashionable\" and said it was all the more regrettable that the textbooks have been brought out by the NCERT under the HRD ministry.Pointing out that cartoons played a role in presenting the problems of the society in a different manner, Sharad Yadav (JD-U) said, \"Such cartoons needed mature minds to understand. The minds of the youngsters who are being taught are not.\"BJD's Bhratruhari Mahtab pointed out that impressionable minds of young students were being polluted, not by the cartoons, but by the tasks they were asked to perform on the basis of the cartoons.SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , TKS Elangovan (DMK), Dara Singh Chauhan (BSP), M Thambidurai (AIADMK), Shatabdi Roy (Trinamool Congress), Gurudas Dasgupta (CPI), Anant Geete (Shiv Sena), Basudeb Acharia (CPI-M) and Lalu Prasad (RJD) expressed concern over the wrong depiction of politicians in a sustained manner.However, striking a discordant note, Sharifuddin Shariq (NC) said there was no need for the lawmakers to get irritated as the cartoons reflected the reality. \"Instead we should do some introspection\", he said, asking \"was it not a fact that an MP or an MLA, when he goes to contest election for the second time, his assets show a considerably higher graph?\" His remarks were opposed by some MPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13145793", "title": "CBI submits graft case list to high court", "text": "RANCHI: The CBI submits a list of anti-corruption cases to the Jharkhand high court with a request for speedy trial.CBI director A P Singh had met the chief justice of the high court during his recent two-day visit to the state and requested him to set up a special bench for quick disposal of anti-corruption cases. The chief justice had hinted that he would make arrangement for speedy trial instead of a special bench and asked the CBI to submit the list of cases which they wanted to be disposed of at the earliest on Monday.A senior officer of CBI said on Monday that the list had been prepared and submitted to the high court for speedy trial. \"We want that all anti-corruption cases especially trap cases should be disposed of quickly,\" said the officer. However, he did not disclose the cases mentioned in the list submitted to the high court.The officer said they were trying their best to take up the cases of coal linkage which had resulted in heavy revenue loss for the Union and state governments. There are a total of 17 cases of coal linkage in Jharkhand in which officials of public sector companies - Central Coalfields Limited, Bharat Coking Coal Limited and Eastern Coalfields Limited - have misused their position and helped private companies to make fortune by giving them coal at a cheap rate and then help them sell in open market at exponential price.\"We have completed our argument and are waiting for the high court order. The moment we get the order chargesheet will be filed and our efforts will be quickly take the cases to logical conclusion,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13141666", "title": "Ensure drinking water to all villages: Anil Deshmukh", "text": "GONDIA: Sanctioning 25 bore wells for Gondia and 12 for Tiroda, state civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh directed all the agencies to ensure that not a single village in the district complains about drinking water this summer.The guardian minister was in Gondia for two days to take stock of scarcity of drinking water and pre-monsoon preparation of kharif season. In this connection a meeting of the officers and water supply agencies was held at the collectorate recently. Executive engineers of water supply department said that the problems of three major water schemes of Sadak-Arjuni, Arjuni-Morgaon and Bangaon have been resolved.As regards Gondia town MLA Gopaldas Agrawal and MLC Rajendra Jain pointed out that during last two years bore wells have been sanctioned for Gondia but they are yet to function. Deshmukh then sanctioned 25 bore wells for Gondia and 12 for Tiroda.Gondia collector Pradeep Kalbhor, chief executive officer of Gondia Zilla Parishad Dr Yeshwant Gedam and groundwater level in-charge Kulkarni were present for the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13142674", "title": "Medical journal of a different beat", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala University of Health Sciences' (KUHS) initiative of launching an e-journal to encourage dialogue among public on health and various health systems may not be the first of its kind in India. But by being an open source journal and with a provision to accept contribution from any qualified person, the e-journal has reached a different level.Launched on April 27, the journal - Health Sciences - has already become a hit among medical technologists, health administrators and educationists in the state and according to its editorial board the aim is to gain international viewership.C C Kartha, editor-in-chief of Health Sciences, said that each issue of the quarterly journal would focus on specific health disciplines. The first issue was on infectious diseases.\"While most medical journals are started as part of an institute's effort to gain NAAC accreditation, we want to take this to a different level. Our aim is to make it a database of international standard by next year and for this we will host only quality articles, said Kartha.All the articles on www.healthsciences.ac.in, which is divided into 10 sections, can be used and downloaded free of cost. There is no restriction to share it with others. People can send their articles to healthsciences@rgcb.res.in\"At the moment we are in touch with well-known professionals in the field of medicine, including the alumni of KUHS, for preparing articles. But within a year we are expecting better response from across the globe. These experts would be invited to join the editorial, which will ensure quality articles. The contributions to the first issue were more from youngsters who work in the level of associate professors and those with genuine interest in the initiative,\" added Kartha.Kerala University of Health Sciences' (KUHS) initiative of launching an e-journal to encourage dialogue among public on health and various health systems may not be the first of its kind in India. But by being an open source journal and through provision to accept contribution from any qualified person, the e-journal is taking a different turn amongst others.Launched on April 27, the journal titled Health Sciences has already become a hit among medical technologists, health administrators and educationists in the state and according to the editorial board the aim is to gain the journal international viewership.C C Kartha, editor-in-chief of Health Sciences, said that each issue of the quarterly journal would focus on specific health disciplines and the first issue talked on Infectious diseases.\"While most medical journals are started as part of an institute's effort to gain NAAC accreditation, we want to take this to a different level. Our aim is to make it a database of international standard by next year and for this we host only quality articles. While any person who has a keen interest in health science can contribute, it is obvious that the material should maintain a professional standard, making Health Sciences, a step different from journals which claim to be professional,\" Kartha said.All the articles in www.healthsciences.ac.in, which is divided into 10 sections can be used and downloaded free of cost by public. There is also no restriction to share it among others, the editorial head pointed out. People can send the articles to healthsciences@rgcb.res.in\"At the moment we are in touch with well-known professionals in the field of medicine, that include Alumni of KUHS for preparing articles for the journal but within one year we are expecting a greater response from across the globe. These experts would also be invited to join our editorial which will ensure quality for the articles provided. The contributions to the first issue were more from youngsters who work in the level of associate professors and genuinely interested in the initiative,\" Kartha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13143464", "title": "This boy gang loves bonding over books", "text": "LUDHIANA: A mutual love for reading helped Sumit Gulati, Jasbir Singh, Amninder Singh and Prabhjot Singh click quick when they first met eight years ago at their tuition class as school kids. Now as they etch their own success stories in life, the friends fall back on each other for support.A resident of Tharike, Sumit, 26, said their trademark is that whenever they are together its a time full of non-stop joking. ''Prabhjot is a master of jokes with something up his sleeve all the time. He never lets us sit still. I have very fond memories of our school days. We used to go around city markets after tuition classes and always head to Sarabha Nagar market as our final stop,'' said Sumit, who helps his father in the publishing business.Talking about their love for books, Sumit said reading is an integral part of their friendship. ''We often meet at the library of Punjabi Bhawan and pick up our favourite authors. When any of us tumbles upon an exceptional book he shares it with the other three too. Because I am always surrounded by books, my friends often visit our store and spend time reading there too,'' he added.Jasbir, who stays in Sherpur Chowk, said their group is ''burden buster''. ''Meeting one another always relaxes us. So, we try to meet once every week and otherwise stay in touch on the phone,\" said Jasbir, a theatre artist. He added that his friends boost his morale and help him do better. Fondly remembering their trips to Shimla and Hemkunt Sahib, BRS Nagar-resident Prabhjot said his friends are the most special people to him. ''They are always pulling my leg and I love it,'' he added.Agreeing with Prabhjot, Amninder, who stays on Ferozepur Road, said he is so attached with his friends that whenever he has to travel outside the city for work, he is unable to enjoy without them. ''The first thing I do when I get back is to meet them,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13142036", "title": "RAW face-saver: Our input sexed up by others", "text": "NEW DELHI: Research and Analysis Wing (RAW), which is under attack for supplying allegedly false terror information including photographs of some Lahore traders, said it was only doing its job - of passing on a terror alert to the Multi Agency Centre (MAC), which ultimately issued the alert. However, the information may have been embellished by other agencies into a grand terror plan that later turned out to be false, RAW sources said.The intelligence input, about a possible terrorist plot targeted at refineries in Gujarat and Punjab, was passed on to the MAC, under the Intelligence Bureau, for \"further processing\", sources said. \"We were doing our job, ensuring that no intelligence input falls through the crack. We didn't want to sit back and regret later,\" they added.RAW did not say that there was a plan to carry out a 26/11 style attack nor did it specify where the terrorists were coming into India, sources said. \"We didn't even speak about any plan to target Mumbai,\" he said. \"It was up to MAC to further verify, if necessary, and issue appropriate alert,\" he added.By the time the alert emerged in the media, it was \"greatly embellished\" by various intermediary agencies including the state police forces and possibly the MAC, sources said. \"What finally came in the media is several degrees more than what we had passed on,\" RAW sources said.Whatever may be the facts, the Coast Guard and the police of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Punjab went into a state of high alert to look for the five terrorists who, the advisory said, \"were already on the ground\". Coast Guard ships were on heightened patrols in the Arabian Sea while their Dornier aircraft carried out several sorties over the waters.Photographs of the five suspected terrorists that were passed on to the states later turned out to be that of four traders and a security guard in Lahore.Home ministry sources insisted that MAC did not have the mandate to amend or embellish inputs given by various intelligence agencies. And in the case of this particular alert too, MAC only put out what was given to it. \"Especially in cases when the alerts are so specific and warns of an imminent attack, MAC's job is to only issue an alert. It has done the same this time too,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "13143513", "title": "Students arrested for wrecking churches", "text": "AIZAWL: Three youngsters, all inmates of a school hostel in Kolasib district along the Mizoram-Assam border, were arrested recently for vandalizing various houses of worship in the area. The arrested persons include Christopher Lalremruata (18) a resident of Ramhlun South locality in Aizawl, while the other two are minors, police said.The three reportedly told interrogators that they defiled the houses of worship to please Satan and score high marks in their examinations. They also reportedly confessed to the desecration of all the three places of worship and said they were the ones who burned Bibles and hymn books there at midnight and returned to their hostel undetected.Two Bibles left on a desk in the room of the three inmates made the wardens of the hostel suspicious as news about the desecration spread, He grilling the students who eventually confessed, the police said, adding that they were then sent to police custody. As two of the accused were under-aged, the police referred them to the Juvenile Justice Board for further action.Meanwhile, Synod Social Front, a wing of the Presbyterian Church Synod that deals with social reforms, expressed anguish over the recent desecration of houses of worship belonging to various church denominations by miscreants. In a statement issued in Aizawl, the Synod Social Front condemned such acts as blasphemous and appealed to the government to bring the perpetrators to book.The statement urged all the Christians, especially church members, to pray for those who had \"gone astray and were burning Bibles, drawing Satanic symbols in churches and defiling holy places to appease Satan, the enemy of Christianity\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13144136", "title": "Fresh angles in Alok Ranjan death case", "text": "BANGALORE : Investigation into the mysterious death of 21-year-old Alok Ranjan gathered momentum on Monday , with police probing all angles . Though it appeared an open-and-shut case of suicide , sleuths are now exploring the involvement of some students of the college . Alok was found dead on a railway track on Saturday morning , following an argument on campus on Friday afternoon .Railway police , who are probing the case , had booked criminal charges against a girl and boy , with whom Alok had a spat on Friday evening . On Monday , they were summoned for questioning . The suicide note recovered from Alok's pocket has been sent to experts to confirm whether it was forged .All these developments took place after the family came forward on Sunday , alleging foul play . They claimed that Alok was under threat and had to go into hiding to save himself , and his death was related to this threat .A senior officer of the Railways told TOI it was too early to come to a conclusion on the case . The postmortem report was studied carefully and advice requested from experts to confirm if there was any evidence of foul play . Apart from that , police are hoping for some leads while questioning the students . \"At present , we don't want to disclose under which sections they have been booked. We want to confirm their involvement before making any statement ,\" he said .The officer assured thatthefinal reportwillbe submitted in three or four days . \"We are putting the evidencetogether , anditis only a matter of time before we come to a conclusion ,\" he said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13142606", "title": "Govt medical colleges put in quality show", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It seems passing out from a self-financing medical or dental college in the state is a tougher task than getting a seat. Final year results of MBBS, BDS and BAMS courses published by the Kerala University of Health Sciences have raised a question mark on the quality of medical education provided by self-financing colleges in the state as most of them fared poorly compared to their counterparts in the government sector.Out of the 21 medical colleges registered under the medical university, the five government-run colleges have recorded above 90% pass. The government medical college at Thrissur recorded the best result in the last academic year with 98.66%.It is followed by the Kozhikode medical college with 95.98%, Thiruvananthapuram with 95%, Alappuzha with 93.29% and Kottayam with 91.39%. Of the 848 students who appeared for exams in government medical colleges, 805 cleared them.Only two private colleges could achieve a pass percentage of above 90% - Jubilee Mission medical college, Thrissur, and Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church medical college, Kolencherry. Four private colleges recorded above 80% pass. \"I am surprised that some private colleges could not score even above 70%.Shortage of qualified faculty, shortage of patients and lack of interest shown by the students are the main reasons behind the poor show. The students should be taught with more practicals and not just by showing diagrams,\" said Dr B Ekbal, former Kerala University vice-chancellor. In three other private colleges, the pass percentage hovered around the half-way mark. In Kannur medical college out of the 99 candidates only 53 could get through, in KMCT medical college, Kozhikode, only 60 could get through out of 100 and in Karuna medical college, Palakkad, only 62 could get through out of the 100 appeared. The result of the BDS exam showed most private colleges faring even worse. Out of the 22 colleges in the state registered under the university, 15 colleges recorded below 40 pass percentage, of which six have below 20%. \"Quality of clinical materials is high in government colleges. We have well-qualified faculty and academically brilliant students. From theory to practical, students are taught by academically qualified professionals who have vast experience. In private colleges, we know that many faculties are there only on paper and are present in the colleges only during the MCI inspection,\" said Dr S Kishore, state secretary, Kerala Government Medical College Teachers Association.Among the three government colleges, Kozhikode dental college has topped the chart with 58.75%, Thiruvananthapuram dental college has 55.1% and Kottayam dental college has recorded 43.24%.However, Pushapagiri College of Dental Science from the private sector emerged the topper by a distance with a pass percentage of 72.92. For the BAMS course, the government Ayurveda college at Thripunithura achieved cent per cent pass followed by the government colleges in Thiruvananthapuram with 97.01 and Kannur with 92.5%. Of the 16 Ayurveda colleges in the state, five from the private sector achieved above 90% pass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13143729", "title": "The road to change begins at the bus stop", "text": "CHENNAI: Bus shelters in the city are usually a sore sight. Most have no roofs, stink of urine, and are stained with betel juice. About onetenth are built with steel, but they are all concentrated in some areas in south and central Chennai. However, this situation looks all set to change within a year, bringing much-needed relief to commuters. Chennai Corporation has finalized designs for 1,031 bus shelters across the city. They will be built with high-grade stainless steel and would shelter around 30 commuters at a time with seating for eight. Easy to build and maintain, the new model has a covering on the roof that will stop heat from radiating into the bus shelter. The seating may not suffice given the rate at which passenger traffic has increased, but experts say they are still a huge improvement over what's now available. The new design has been tried out at 99 places on Kamarajar Salai, College Road, Radhakrishnan Salai and a few other arterial roads. Though the civic body expects the new shelters to last 20 years, they have got a minimum 10-year guarantee from contractors to repair and replace the steel.Corporation officials say contractors, which include advertising firms, are happy with the revenue opportunities the new model presents. \"Contractors can rent out two display spaces for commercial purposes for the next eight years. One side will be used by the government or the corporation for public service announcements,\" says an official. The contractors have to pay a licensing fee of 1.5 lakh for every shelter. However, cost of steel is a disadvantage. \"Steel is a traded commodity, so it can become quite expensive,\" said an official.Two models have been approved -- a three-pole and a two-pole structure - and handed over to the contractors. The structures will be precast and would require a week or less to be set up.The three-pole structure will need a pavement width of eight feet, while the twopole one can be erected on a three-feet wide pavement. Seating will be created using metal pipes, which will allow commuters to sit comfortably but not lie down, thereby discouraging use by the homeless.Experts pointed out that structural changes alone would not improve matters though. \"Whether you are sitting or standing under concrete or a steel structure at a bus stop, there should be large trees around and above shelters to make you feel and comfortable,\" says Shreya Gade a senior programme director of the tute of Transportation and Development.New contracts should also keep in mind the number of commuters using a specific stop, experts said. \"We noticed that places near colleges, malls and other connecting points which should ideally have multiple shelters, have only one,\" said Raj Ch bal, transportation expert and coordi tor with Chennai City Connect.All said and done, the new design a welcome change from the older co crete and metallic structures found over the city, which lacked uniformi in design and dimension. Many of the have no seating or are open to the e ments. Those bus shelters came un the Metropolitan Transport Corpora (MTC). \"Advertising agencies and sponsors would present a design and we would approve it. They would pay us 30,000 annually,\" said a MTC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13142167", "title": "Goa Common Entrance Test results: Porvorim girl is top medicine candidate", "text": "Porvorim girl Neha Da Rocha scored a total of 204 in physics, chemistry and biology and emerged the top candidate for the medicine seat in Goa when the Goa Common Entrance Test results were announced on Monday.The student of Dhempe College of Arts and Science in Panaji was also the top scorer in biology at the GCET scoring 73 marks out of 75. Daughter of central government employee Alan Rocha and associate professor at the Goa Medical College Dr Premila, Neha, speaking of her achievement at the GCET said, \"I'm very happy and grateful to God, my parents and teachers, who were very co-operative. I also want to thank my teachers Vyankatesh Prabhudesai, Amiya Samal and Jayanta at the Aryan coaching classes in Panaji.\"A delighted Alan Da Rocha said, \"I'm happy that my daughter will be entering the field of medicine.\" Neha had also secured the second rank at the Class X Goa board exams two years ago. Her mother Premila said, \"Neha stood second at the Class X exams and the feeling is the same. I am really excited. Firstly, I'm grateful to God and then to all of Neha's teachers.\"Neha said she will decide on which medicine institute in the country she wants to join after the results of the all India medical entrance examination is announced.\"I kept going through my textbooks as well as the old GCET papers to prepare for the exams. I had also prepared a timetable for myself and strictly followed it and attended coaching classes on a regular basis,\" Neha said of the secret to her success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13142845", "title": "18-year-old maid \u2018jumps\u2019 to death in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: An 18-year-old housemaid, Baby Sultana, died after jumping off the ninth floor of Tarika Apartments in Sector 43 of Gurgaon early on Monday morning.The Sushant Lok police have registered a case of abetment to suicide against Manjit Singh, the owner of Flat 503 of the condominium, and Ipsa, his wife, based on the statement by the girl's father, Hasmuddin.She jumped from the common balcony of the ninth floor (top most in the building) around 6.45am while the owners were apparently sleeping in their apartment. The car-washers on the ground floor heard her body land with a thud on the ground. One of them identified the body of the maid in a yellow salwar suit. Eyewitnesses say there wasn't much blood around the body but her right elbow was broken and bleeding.Eldest of five sisters, Baby never went to school and had been working as housemaid since the age of four. Her father Hasmuddin is a cycle rickshaw driver.She visited her parents at their residence in Silokhra village, South City, from May 1 to 8 and gave them her entire salary. She returned to Tarika on May 9.During her stay with her family, she is not reported to have complained to her parents or sisters about anything. In fact, she had reportedly said that she liked the family she was working for.Sarina, her younger sister, said: \"We are sure she didn't commit suicide. She sometimes complained of being overworked but she wasn't stressed. Something must have definitely gone wrong after May 9 which led her to jumping, if at all she jumped by herself.\"The couple in Flat 503 lived with their six-year old son and the maid. They were unavailable for comment.The police have taken the statement of victim's father. In his statement, Hasmuddin alleged that the couple for whom his daughter worked had tortured her and accused them of abetment to suicide. A senior police officer said that the postmortem would be conducted on Tuesday.Praveen Kumar, estate manager of Tarika Apartments, said \"The couple for whom the girl worked were saying the girl used to talk to herself ever since she returned from her home in Silokhra village.\"Police were surprised at her fall from the ninth floor as she was working for someone on the fifth floor. \"It does look like a case of suicide because she works for someone who lives on the fifth floor; she had no reason to go sit on the ninth floor,\" said DCP (Crime) Maheshwar Dayal. \"Before her death, she was reportedly seen sitting on the parapet wall and guards had warned her. It is too early to say whether she jumped or fell, but we have not received any suicide note,\" Dayal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-15"}
