{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12226012", "title": "CID may close Sainthia train accident case", "text": "KOLKATA: The CID is likely to file a closure report in the Sainthia train disaster case. Sixty-five people were killed in the accident on July 19, 2010. The then railway minister Mamata Banerjee had called the disaster an act of sabotage, drawing criticism from several quarters. Probe in the case has drawn a blank till now.CID has not made much headway in the Sainthia train disaster case, especially after the then railway minister Mamata Banerjee claimed the accident was a 'sabotage.' which claimed 65 lives. The then railway minister Mamata Banerjee's sabotage whiff in the July 19, 2010 Sainthia train disaster which claimed 65 lives, is proving to be a Hobson's choice for CID. The question is whether or not to file a closure report after investigations till now have drawn drew a blank.The last hope in the case was a crucial piece of evidence - the viscera report of the Uttar Banga Express drivers examined by CFSL, Hyderabad. But it turned to be inconclusive since for blood samples were never sent to CFSL along with the viscera samples. On July 19, 2010, Uttar Banga Express crashed into the rear of the Ranchi-bound Varanchal Express at Sainthia station. The accident claimed 65 lives.Sanjeev Ghosh, DySP, CID, investigating the case, had sought the clearance of DGP (CID) V V Thambi's clearance to submit a final report as FRT (final report true). An FRT is submitted in court when police believe the complaint may be true but it is unable to substantiate the charges made in it. This plea was turned down. Thambi remained unavailable for comment. It is believed, CID wants the IO to probe certain aspects afresh to unravel afresh if indeed the drivers were genuinely at fault or whether they were drugged. A year and seven months later, it is unlikely the probe will throw fresh leads. Incidentally, not a single person turned up during the public hearing conducted by Commissioner for Railway Safety, R P Yadav.In his report Yadav stated that the driver of Uttar Banga Express, Madhav Chandra Dey, and the assistant driver, Nirmal Kumar Mandal, were in a state of drowsiness when the train rammed into the Vananchal Express, ignoring the danger signal. The preliminary autopsy report said alcohol was present in the driver's viscera. The CRS also held the Uttar Banga Express guard, Somnath Sengupta, tooresponsible for failing to apply the emergency brake as he should have done on despite seeing that the train had shot past the red signal. And there was no attempt to decelerate its speed either. The cabin man was also held responsible as he could have averted the collision by diverting the speeding incoming Uttarbanga Express through a loop line available. Railways have already taken disciplinary action against Sengupta and Sainthia cabin master Motor Let.Contradictory scientific evidence - the drivers had passed their breathanalyser tests when they assumed duty - but initial autopsy viscera did find scant trances of methyl alcohol, had prompted CID to take the opinion of CSFL, Hyderabad.The samples were sent on July 23 and 26, 2010. Curiously, the blood samples were not sent. Due to the non-receipt of blood samples, the CFSL report turned out to be inconclusive. Transcripts of commands and counter-commands made to the drivers didn't show any trace of \"inconsistent behavior\". Yet it remains a fact that the drivers had ignored red signals, overshot speed limits and rammed into the rear of Vananchal Express, killing its guard Arunanshu Mukherjee, among others. The time period at the core of investigations core is all of nine minutes - from 1.53pm when the Uttar Banga Express halted at Gadadharpur station to 2:02pm when it crashed into Vananchal Express at Sainthia station.Even as the CID probe draws a blank, questions are being raised on whether the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government then had done the right thing in overturning a union home ministry missive urging the state government to order a CBI probe in the matter - just as it had done in the Jnaneswari accident earlier. Questions are also being raised on whether the failure to send blood samples to CFSL was a deliberate attempt by the Left Front government to downplay the incident.The then home secretary Samar Ghosh had reasoned that the Centre's letter (though it could have ordered CBI probe on its own since it involved Railways) reached the state secretariat two weeks after the incident at a time when the CID had made considerable progress. The CID probe has, however, failed to come up with anything substantial. either.The state government's failure to send the blood samples to CFSL was also seen as a means to deliberately. Was it trying to downplay the incident?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225505", "title": "Many victims still angry on 19th anniversary", "text": "MUMBAI: Geeta Mhatre says all those responsible for the 1993 serial blasts should be hanged in public. Nearly 257 persons were killed and more than 700 persons were injured in the blasts in the city. Memories of the blasts are still fresh for the nurse with a private nursing home who was bed-ridden for nearly two months.She recalls, \"I took a No 151 bus from Dadar to Worli when, around 2.30pm, I heard a thud. After two hours, I found myself in Ashwini Hospital in Dadar. Glass pieces had pierced my body. I was back to work after two months but I could not see the two blind girls who used to travel with me. I never saw them... that was the most touching part for me.'' Sameer Patil, the brother of Sanjay Patil, who died in the Dadar petrol pump blast, is upset on the 19{+t}{+h} anniversary but says nothing has changed. \"After 1993, there have been several blasts. The police have detected some cases but it has not stopped blasts. Those lives will never come back,'' says Patil. Like Mhatre and Patil, there are numerous victims and their kin who are angry as the real culprits are free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12226898", "title": "Food bill to cover just 66% of India's hungry", "text": "With 230 million people under-nourished, the country awaits some comprehensive policy intervention from the government to tackle this haunting crisis. One of the most logical measures would be to provide a fixed amount of foodgrain to all citizens. But wouldn't the costs be enormous, ask sceptics?The Center for Budget and Governance Accountability (CBGA), a Delhi-based think tank, crunched all the numbers and came up with the answer. It would take Rs 1.85 lakh crore every year to provide 24 crore households with adequate monthly food grains. This assumes that each household will be sold 23 kg rice at Rs.3 per kg, about 12 kg wheat at Rs.2 per kg and millets at Rs.1 per kg every month.At present, the monthly food subsidy provided by the government is about Rs. 60,573 crore (as per 2011-12 Budget Estimates). So the government will have to mobilize Rs 1.25 crore in addition to this.But, here's the rub: the government has provided for just Rs 79,800 crore in the proposed draft National Food Security Bill. That is about two-thirds of what is actually needed.CBGA researchers say that what the government is planning is to make available food grain at low prices only to certain 'targeted' sections, that is, the below-poverty-line population. \"Dividing households into \"priority\" and \"general\" category and not universalizing the distribution of grains, seems to be a step backwards,\" says CBGA.This is because the poverty line is pegged very low at Rs. 25 per day in rural areas and Rs.32 in urban areas. A large number of people are technically above this line but in reality are very poor. Also, the poverty line surveys are ten years old, and they missed out on thousands of people.Given the widespread hunger and malnutrition, the government will have to get serious and \"take the bull by the horns\", says CBGA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12227486", "title": "IRCTC Dakshin Bharat Darshan Yatra from March 25", "text": "KANPUR: Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited (IRCTC) will introduce two special tour packages for the passengers willing to visit south India and see seven Jyotirlingas situated in different parts of the country.The Dakshin Bharat Darshan Yatra will commence from March 25. It will be a 12-day tour. The passengers would be taken to Shirdi Sai Dham, Tirupati, Rameshwaram, Madurai and Kanyakumari. The IRCTC would charge Rs 6,156 per passenger. The journey will start from Lucknow.Similarly, the seven Jyotirling Darshan Yatra will begin on April 18. The passengers would be taken to Mahakaleshwar, Omkareshwar, Nageshwar, Somnath, Bheemashankar and Tryambakareshwar. The passengers will have to pay Rs 6,256 per head for this holy trip.An IRCTC official said that the tour package includes travelling fare, lodging and accommodation, meals, bus fare, insurance of each passenger etc.The passengers can book tickets either by visiting IRCTC office situated at platform number one of Kanpur Central railway station or by logging on to www.railtourismindia.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12227756", "title": "Lawyers to Chief Justice: Civil court in-charge judge must go", "text": "BANGALORE: The striking Advocates' Association of Bangalore (AAB) on Sunday hardened its stand and decided to ask the chief justice to divest justice K Sreedhar Rao of his responsibility as the administrative judge of the City Civil Court complex. The latest demand could mean no early end to court paralysis.The AAB's other important demands are transfer of top cops Shankar M Bidari and B G Jyothi Prakash Mirji and ouster of ministers R Ashoka and S Suresh Kumar in connection with the violence on the complex premises on March 2. The AAB also decided to ask advocates to boycott high court proceedings from Monday.Advocates asked to boycott high courtBANGALORE: The Advocates' Association of Bangalore, at its governing council meeting on Sunday, decided to ask lawyers to boycott high court proceedings from Monday. '' We have decided to speak to the advocate general (AG), the additional AG and the special public prosecutor to resign in support of our cause,''' AAB general secretary AP Ranganath told TOI. The meeting also resolved to press for the reversal of the decision to shift special Lokayukta court to Parappana Agrahara.Cops To Wait And WatchPolice have adopted a 'wait and watch' policy to counter the lawyers. '' If the government heeds the demands of advocates and initiates action against our policemen , we may be forced to go on a day's mass leave,'' said a senior police officer on the condition of anonymity. For now, the police have decided to increase security arrangements at the City Civil Court complex and high court premises in the wake of the lawyers' continued protest. T Suneel Kumar, additional commissioner of police (law and order), said that 600 policemen, including 20 platoons of Karnataka State Reserve Police, will continue to guard the City Civil Court complex and high court premises. Besides, police will also be deployed at the magistrate courts in Mayo Hall and Nrupathunga Road and other sensitive places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumba", "code": "12227613", "title": "Blocked numbers not transferable", "text": "MUMBA: Reacting to the move to auction VVIP vehicle registration numbers,Nitesh Rane,president of Swabhiman Sangathana,said. All our vehicles have numbers that are lucky for our family members.For me 5 is a lucky number,and so I have bought that number plate.The proposal seems interesting.I am sure it will get a good response from citizens.To make the system transparent and attract more bidders,minister of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar has asked officials of the transport department to do away with manual allocation of VVIP numbers and replace it with an online system.Just as one books an e-railway ticket,a person interested in acquiring high-profile numbers can visit the transport departments website,which will display the numbers available.After selecting one of the available numbers,he or she can pay online and block that number. However,to ensure that agents do not misuse the system,the minister has said that these blocked numbers will not be transferable.The transport department collected Rs 35.09 crore in 2009-2010 through the sale of such `desired numbers.The revenue collection will be much higher if the auctioning system is introduced.The funds can be used to upgrade the transport department, Deokar said.State government officials said that last year the transport department generated nearly Rs 3,400 crore through registration of new vehicles and levy of taxes and penalties.STAR NUMBERSActorsSanjay Dutt |MH 02 CK 4545Shah Rukh Khan |MH 02 CL 555Ranbir Kapoor |MH 02 CK 0003CricketerSachin Tendulkar |MH 02 AD 9999 (the number has been retained in portability)PoliticiansMNS chief Raj Thackeray |MH 46 J 9Industries minister Narayan Rane |MH 01 AV 9President of NGO Swabhiman Nitesh Rane |MH 01 AS 23CompanyModi Decora and Stones Pvt Ltd |MH 02 CH 9IndividualKrishna Deura |MH 02 CH 1YOU CAN SPORT THEM FOR A PRICEVVIP numbers | 1For other than 2 &amp; 3-wheelers (Rs) | 1,00,000For 2 and 3-wheelers (Rs) | 25,000VVIP numbers | 9,99,111,222,333,444,555,666,777,888,999,1111,2222,3333 etcFor other than 2 &amp; 3-wheelers (Rs) | 50,000For 2 and 3-wheelers (Rs) | 10,000VVIP numbers | 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,10,11,22,33,44,55,66,77,100,123,234,345,456,500,505,900,1000,1234 etcFor other than 2 &amp; 3-wheelers (Rs) | 25,000For 2 and 3-wheelers (Rs) | 5,000VVIP numbers | 88,101,200,300,303,404,600,606,808,909,1001,1010,1112,1212,1313 etcFor other than 2 &amp; 3-wheelers (Rs) | 7,500For 2 and 3-wheelers (Rs) | 4,000The amounts are according to the existing system of fixed charge for booking VVIP nos", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "12226727", "title": "2 suspended for poll-code violation", "text": "WARANGAL: District election returning officer and collector B Rahul on Sunday suspended two government employees for violating the model code. The suspension was awarded to panchayat raj employees' union state leader Sadul Prasad and government teacher Kaleshwaram Prakasham. Sources said the collector has also written to Kakatiya University vice-chancellor Venkatarathnam seeking action against two KU professors for taking part in the poll campaign.The collector said that Prasad had been penalised for joining the campaign of a TRS candidate while Prakasham has been suspended for publishing a pamphlet in support of a particular party.The collector made enquiries about economics professor T Papi Reddy and public administration professor K Seetarama Rao, who were reportedly participating in TRS party meetings and election campaigns. The collector questioned the VC in his letter asking why no action had been taken against those who had violated the model code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12226561", "title": "St Mary's Rachel wins Goa round of Spell Bee", "text": "PANAJI: It was a competition which truly had something in it for everyone. A battle with alphabets unleashed itself onstage and offstage on Sunday in Panaji at the HDFC Life Spell Bee, India Spells 2012, powered by The Times of India in association with Horlicks. Onstage participants and audience muttered alphabets alike in the hope of breaking the spelling code.Altogether, 264 students from 21 schools across Goa participated in the Spell Bee contest held at Don Bosco High School in Panaji on the morning of March 11, 2012.The students' skills underwent an acid test in the first round where they had to pick the right spellings to the meanings of the words provided in a written test of objective nature.Ten students from schools across Goa spelt their way correctly to the last Goa round, the final onstage showdown.Rachel Fernandes of St Mary's Convent High School, Mapusa gave fellow participants several nervous moments during the first three rounds, only to clinch the first spot in the dramatic rapid fire round. The finals were divided into four rounds- picture trail, power spell, poesy and rapid fire - all testing the child's vocabulary and dexterity of the mind.Rachel, a Class VIII student, will now test her spelling skills against child wizards like herself from across the country in the national finals in Mumbai.\"She is a voracious reader and participating in spelling contests is an interest she developed early on. Participation and success in such events provide children with the encouragement and confidence they need to get ahead in life,\" said Roque Fernandes, Rachel's father, a Siolim-based businessman, who was at the event to watch his daughter emerge the winner.Her mother Catherine, a banker, said that it was the rapid fire round which helped Rachel to win the competition, from schoolmate Aliana Rodrigues, who was placed second in the contest. \"It's a good learning platform for children,\" Catherine said.\"Aliana did quite well. My friends in the audience provided me with encouragement. They knew I would win,\" Rachel said, who believes her nature of a compulsive reader gives her an edge over competition.Sahil Ramchandani of Bhatikar Model High School of Margao finished third at Spell Bee.Winners from 32 cities across India will be competing in the national finals in Mumbai. The winner will represent India in Washington DC .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "12227918", "title": "Ranthambore's strayed tigress to be relocated to Sariska", "text": "ALWAR: The state forest department along with Wildlife Institute of India (WII) would soon be relocating a tigress to Sariska that had strayed into the Sultanpur area of Kota from the Ranthambore tiger reserve.A team of experts from the WII and the state forest department are camping in Kota to trace the tigress.\"The tigress has been staying on her own in the Sultanpur area for a long time and since she has not made any effort to return to Ranthambore it is quite unlikely she will attempt to do so in future. That is why we thought that it would be better to relocate her to Sariska as she will be safer there. Moreover, she is at an age where she can become a mother and that might just give Sariska its long-awaited cubs,\" officers said.Chief wild life warden VC Choubey said a team from the Ranthambore National Park too has reached Kota and is camping in the Sultanpur area.\"We are on the look out for the tigress in the forest areas of Baran and Kota districts. After tracing her, the team will tranquillize the big cat and bring her to Sariska by road,\" said the officer.The team of WII on Sunday searched the tigress in Nangada forest area near Anta in Baran district. \"The pug marks of the tigress were traced, but she could not be found. The territory area of the tigress is constantly under watch,\" said RS Shekhawat, field director, Sariska Tiger Reserve. He couldn't say how long would it take to trace the tigress, but said that she would be released in Sariska as soon as it was captured.Sources said there is a great concern over stalemate situation in tiger population increase in the Sariska Tiger Reserve for a long time. Despite all efforts, the number of tigers in Sariska remains five.However, the poaching of a leopard recently in Sariska has raised a question over the safety of tigers there. The body of an eight-year-old panther was found on Thursday. Its neck was entangled in a snare set up by poachers, officials said. \"How can one say that a tiger would be safe in Sariska when we recently got proof of the existence of poachers there,\" wondered a wild life activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227344", "title": "Delhi trails major cities in number of liquor shops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The national capital has fewer liquor shops as compared to major cities in the country including Patna and Hyderabad. On an average Delhi has three shops for every one lakh population while other cities for the same population like Chennai has 28.7 shops, Chandigarh, 14; Hyderabad, 11; and Bangalore, 7. Even Patna has 5 liquor shops for every one lakh population.Mumbai, with a figure closer to Delhi with an average of 4.5 liquor shops per 100,000 population, covers the gap with an additional 2000 permits that allow sale of liquor in other shops as well. The figures were revealed by industry sources, who had compiled data for the Delhi government, which has recently approved the excise department's proposal to have more such shops in the city. According to government estimates, Delhi needs to have at least 70 to 80 more liquor shops. For now the city only has 500-odd shops that serve an adult population of 1.12 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12225720", "title": "BSP offers support to Congress in Uttarakhand", "text": "LUCKNOW: BSP, on Sunday, offered unconditional support to Congress in Uttarakhand for formation of the government.The decision was taken at the party meeting presided over by Mayawati. Congress, with 32 MLAs in the 70-member Assembly, enjoys support of three Independents and a lone UKD member to reach the magic mark of 36. Now, the support of the three BSP MLAs will get Congress absolute majority.The Bahujan Samaj Party leaders said that party has decided to support Congress in order to keep out 'communal' Bharatiya Janata Party.They said that BSP is also considering the possibility of sharing power with the Congress. The Congress has welcomed BSP's decision.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227491", "title": "Clogged drains, no streetlights", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kuldeep Singh Dagar claimed to have spent most of his funds for developing his ward Khaira, the greater part of which comprises farms while the rest is unauthorized colonies.Although the MCD itself has allocated funds for constructing arterial roads and lanes in this Najafgarh ward, the BJP councillor claims that most of his councillor's funds were also spent for the same purpose. \"There were no roads when I became a corporator in 2007. Every internal lane was constructed during these five years,\" said the councillor. Residents, however, claim the roads were built just a month ago and call the work a blunder. \"It was mindless planning. The roads were built on the existing roads. Now the road level is higher than the house level. For the first four years, people didn't even know who Dagar is but he has been making rounds of the area in the past six months,\" said Rohit Shehrawat, a resident.Dagar boasts of providing the area with proper streetlights. \"More than 250 streetlight poles were erected in the area. There was no pole before 2007,\" he said. But the residents allege none of the streetlight poles works. \"The poles are there but there are no bulbs. They are never lit,\" said Ramit Shehrawat, the Congress candidate for 2007 polls. During his five-year tenure, 12 new school buildings came up in the area. \"When I became a corporator, there were hardly any school. Providing school infrastructure was on my priority list,\" said Dagar.But with drains overflowing, Dagar has given few reasons to the local people to support him in the April polls. \"The drains are overflowing. Most of them are blocked as they are never cleaned,\" said Ramesh Yadav, another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225878", "title": "Children and teens more vulnerable to radiation", "text": "MUMBAI: Research shows children are more vulnerable to cellphone/tower radiation as their immune system is not as well developed as adults. Pregnant woman and foetuses are vulnerable because radio frequency (RF) radiations continuously react with the developing embryo and increasing cells. Microwave radiation can damage the placental barrier.Studies confirm that cellphone radiation can drastically affect male fertility, decreasing semen quality and sperm count. Studies have found 30% sperm decrease in intensive mobile phone users, in addition to damage of sperms.Cellphone frequencies can also lead to damaged DNA, leading to tumours and cancer. DNA damage in brain cells can affect neurological functions and also possibly lead to neurodegenerative diseases.RF exposure from mobile phones and cellular phone base antennas can also affect patients carrying a pacemaker, implantable cardiovascular defibrillators (ICDs) and impulse generators. The signals generated by cellphones cause electromagnetic interference with the device and interfere with its proper functioning.Non-thermal effects of RF radiation accumulate over time and the risks are more pronounced after several years of exposure. Prolonged or chronic exposures is harmful even at low intensities.Radiation from cell towers and mobile phones affects human skin. The radiation degrades the immune system and stimulates various allergic and inflammatory responses, causing itch and pain.The radiation emitted by cellphones can damage delicate workings of the inner ear and long-term intensive cellphone use for more than four years and for periods longer than 30 minutes in a day are at a higher risk of developing hearing loss.Today, more and more people between 18 and 25 years are suffering from hearing loss, which doctors say is due to excessive use of cellphones and other gadgets. Anyone who spends two to three hours on the cellphone every day runs the risk of partial deafness over three to five years. Frequent cellphone use can also damage the visual system and cause tumour of the eye.Exposure to EMR reduces melatonin levels in humans. Melatonin, a vital natural neuro-hormone is a powerful antioxidant, antidepressant and immune system enhancer that regulates our circadian rhythm. At night, melatonin levels rise. Studies with animals show a reduction in melatonin levels following radiofrequency radiation exposure from cell phones and cell sites. Turning off the transmitters resulted in a significant increased melatonin levels within a few days.Lack of melatonin leads to sleep disturbance, chronic fatigue, depression , cardiac, reproductive and neurological diseases and mortality. Reduced melatonin is also associated with increased DNA damage and increased risk of cancer, arthritis , seasonally affective disorder (SAD), schizophrenia, increased eye stress , renal impairment, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease, miscarriage, sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS), and increased risk of childhood leukemia.Electromagnetic fields have been shown to affect the brain physiology. Use of cellphones before bed delays and reduces sleep, and causes headaches, confusion and depression. The findings are especially alarming for children and teenagers, causing mood and personality changes, depression, lack of concentration and poor academic performance. Exposure to electromagnetic fields has shown to be in connection with Alzheimer's disease, motor neuron disease and Parkinson's disease.Severe reactions include seizures, paralysis, psychosis and stroke. Heavy use of mobile phones can cause cancer. Use of mobile phones for over 10 years give a consistent pattern of increased risk for brain cancer (glioma and acoustic neuroma). Children and teenagers are five times more likely to get brain cancer as their brain is not fully developed. It is possible that today's young people may suffer an 'epidemic' of the disease in later life.Besides increase in brain tumour and acoustic neuroma , there is an increased risk of several other types of cancers following prolonged exposure to mobile phone/tower radiation, such as, salivary gland tumours, uveal melanoma, lymphoma, facial nerve tumours, skin, blood, testicular and breast cancer. Interphone study in May 2010 has also found a 'significantly increased risk' of some brain tumours for heavy users of mobile phones over 20 minutes per day) for a period of 10 years or more. This is later substantiated by International Agency for Research in Cancer (IARC), part of WHO ( World Health Organization ) in May 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12233634", "title": "Congress approaches Mulayam, Akhilesh says no third front", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Congress leaders on Monday met Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav for help as the Bharatiya Janata Party was ready with its strategy for budget session. According to Times Now, RJD leader Lalu Prasad is playing the role of a mediator between Congress and Samajwadi Party. The Samajwadi Party gives outside support to the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre, but not in UP.In the meantime, Akhilesh Yadav today said there was no move as of now to form a third front and termed his invitation to West Bengal and Tamil Nadu chief ministers for his swearing-in ceremony as part of established traditions. Akhilesh, who was mobbed by MPs from different parties and the media when he came to Parliament today, denied that his party was in touch with the Left parties and others to establish a third front.Asked if he has started the move towards formation of a third front, the Samajwadi Party MP said, \"Definitely not, definitely not. Nothing now. I am only meeting with people (leaders).\" The 39-year-old leader, who was accompanied by CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta outside Parliament, replied in the negative on a possible tie-up with the Left. \"I am just having tea with them. My responsibility is UP. Uttar Pradesh has to be saved from all wrongs ... We have to implement the party manifesto,\" he said.Akhilesh maintained that decisions related to the third front would be taken by SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and other national leaders of the party. \"Whatever responsibility is given to me, I will shoulder it,\" he said.On the significance of his invitation to Mamata and Jayalalithaa, he said, \"The tradition is that everybody is invited (for the swearing-in). And somebody from the party attends. It is on 15th (of March) which is still some days away.\"(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12227738", "title": "Lights on the blink for 2 years", "text": "CHENNAI: It seems TNEB has left it to the gods to say let there be light. Thousands drive through darkness along the Kovilambakkam-Pallavaram stretch daily as TNEB is yet to power 135 streetlights even after two years. The board has been allegedly dragging its feet to supply power despite the state highways department paying connection charges.The lights shined for a few hours on October 29, 2010 when then deputy chief minister M K Stalin opened the Rs 55 crore flyover in Pallavaram. After Stalin left, the power sourced temporarily from a local transformer was snapped. Since then none of the lights has been turned on. Motorists have to entirely rely on their vehicles' headlights. \"During the night, motorists are unable to spot pedestrians crossing the road,\" said R Suriya, a Tambaram resident.As per plan, two transformers are needed to power the lights. Besides, TNEB has to install an electricity meter for every 20 streetlight poles. This has to be done by the TNEB offices at Pallavaram and Radha Nagar.Private buses parked along the road also put motorists at risk. Drivers of these vehicles frequently cross the stretch and unsuspecting motorists often run into them. At least two accidents are reported on the stretch daily, mainly because of rash driving. Badly lit stretch is also a hunting ground for chain snatchers, complain residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227257", "title": "Tests get costly at govt hospitals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Treatment at Delhi government-run hospitals is going to get costlier. The state health department is considering implementation of Public Private Partnership (PPP) model for advanced diagnostic services in 20 major hospitals run by it.Under this, a patient who does not have a BPL card will be charged for services like CT scan, MRI and ultrasound on the CGHS rate which is up to 50% and higher than the existing rate charged from general patients.\"For ultrasound, the existing hospital rate is Rs 50. The CGHS rate is Rs 250 for non-NABH accredited hospitals and Rs 300 for the accredited ones. The charges for CT scan and MRI are also on the higher side, up to 40% higher,\" said a doctor at a government-run hospital, who did not wish to be named. He said under the present system , advanced diagnostic facilities in most hospitals are nonfunctional or partially functional due to which patients have to go to private diagnostic centres that charge an even higher amount and do not provide quality services either.Delhi health minister A K Walia said that the main aim behind the implementation of PPP model for advanced diagnostic services is to ensure availability of affordable, timely and advanced diagnostic facilities.\"The proposed pricing for the services is at Central Government Health Services (CGHS) rate which will be further discounted through competition in bidding process,\" said Walia. He said that the pricing will be same for the indoor patients and outdoor patients.\"It will be binding on the selected partners to obtain certification of National Accreditation Board of Medical Imaging Services (NABMIS) within a year of installation to maintain quality of services,\" said the health minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12226659", "title": "3 injured in separate road accidents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons were injured in separate road accidents in the city on Sunday.In the first incident, which took place at around 10.30 am, an Indica (AP 9 TV 5595) dashed into a roadside tea stall and fast food centre at Sahara Estates in Vanasthalipuram injuring two persons. Tea stall owner Hanumayamma and a customer got injured in the incident, Vanasthalipuram sub-inspector (SI) B Raju said. Driver Saidulu was caught by the police.In another incident, a 45-year-old trader was injured when a DCM van rammed into his two-wheeler in Ibrahimpatnam. The accident occurred when the victim, K Ramesh, was riding his bike to attend his friend's marriage. At Kattamaisamma temple, a DCM van coming from the opposite direction hit Ramesh's bike, Ibrahimpatnam SI Kanakaiah said. The injured was immediately rushed to a nearby hospital. His condition is said to be stable.Police booked cases under section 337 (Causing injuries by rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against the erring drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227322", "title": "Delhi University to send profs to foreign varsities", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University is planning to send 70 young college teachers abroad to study emerging disciplines. Though only about 15 science teachers had gone to pursue a masters programme in a foreign university last time, the varsity has decided to extend the scheme to teachers from social sciences and humanities this year. This facility is open only to college teachers aged under 35 years. It aims to encourage teachers to take up new areas of study where the university still lacks expertise.\"We have a scope of sending nearly 70 teachers to study at foreign universities this time. This will be the third batch and 30 teachers have taken up courses in foreign universities so far. The ones, who have come back, are likely to contribute in designing new courses and adding value to the existing curricula,\" said a senior DU official. He also said the number of beneficiaries has been increased this year as teachers from social science and humanities can also apply.The young faculty training programme was launched in 2010 with a grant of Rs 15 crore received from the ministry of human resources development as part of the University of Excellence Grant. The university is likely to tie up with University of Edinburgh, University of Nottingham, University of Glasgow, University of Birmingham, University of British Columbia and King's College, London, to send the teachers there for a post-graduate programme.\"The scheme is designed to bring young faculty of colleges faceto-face with international scholars. The young faculty will pursue courses where we need to strengthen our teaching and learning. The teachers can apply till March 15,\" said an official. Selection will be based on the plan of action submitted by the teachers followed by an interview. The disciplines to be offered include economics and econometrics, nanotechnology, electronic sciences, web management, quantitative genetics, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230535", "title": "I\u2019m not a superstar: Prithviraj", "text": "With Indian Rupee, Veettilekkula Vazhi and Thirakatha bagging three out of the last four National Awards for Malayalam films, actor Prithviraj seems to be developing quite the knack for picking up brilliant scripts to be part of.While the Raavanan actor credits director Ranjith's efforts for Indian Rupee's success, he points out relevant scripts like these are the order of the day as the audience relate to them. \"What we are lacking in are contemporary stories.Many of the Malayalam writers don't belong to this generation, and therefore, their stories are outdated. Recent hits like Beautiful and Traffic have been written by people who are below 40 and that helps, as they think in terms of what is happening around them in the current society and write for the present,\" says Prithviraj, who spoke from the sets of Hero, for which he will be seen sporting a rather beefed up new look.A good 70 films down the line, many of them which have been hits, and after having working with some of the biggest names across industries like directors Mani Ratnam, Anurag Kashyap and Santosh Sivan, one would consider Prithviraj to be quite the superstar.But he says, \"I am not a superstar, I am just an actor. You'll have to ask a superstar about what the tag entails.\" While the actor hasn't signed up any Tamil film post Raavanan, he will be next seen in the Tamil version of Santosh Sivan's Urumi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12232587", "title": "Matt Damon for President?", "text": "Hollywood stars that are fans' favourites for Presidents... The world's obsession with actors as politicians continuesLeft-wing filmmaker and author Michael Moore was recently quoted saying, \"When you run someone who is popular, you win. Sometimes even when you run an actor, you win.\" Moore's words were referring to Hollywood actor Matt Damon , or shall we say, Matt \"Bourne Identity\" Damon. Moore wants Damon to run for President. And why not? By penning Oscar winning scripts such as \"Goodwill Hunting\", Damon has proved he is not just a pretty face. In fact, he has been equally vocal about his political commitments by supporting the leftist Working Families Party , and has also publicly made a statement that Obama \"mishandled his mandate.\"This is certainly not the first time a celebrity would be running for office. There was Ronald Reagon who became President, Arnold Schwarzenegger who was Governer of California and Clint Eastwood who joined the Republican Party among many other such stars. However, Moore has not hidden the fact that Damon is ready for the job since he poses both the brains and the beefcake body. Already Damon's fans are setting up social networking pages in his honour and arguing his case by saying, \"He's a smart guy too. Unlike some idiot actors, he wrote his own breakthrough script, \"Goodwill Hunting\", which won nine Oscars. He's the man for the job!\"And Damon isn't the first Hollywood celeb to be pressurized to run for President. Here's a list of more Celeb could-have-been-Presidents/Prime Ministers:George Clooney : Maybe because he looks awesome in a suit (or because his ex-girlfriend Elisabetta Canalis did seem like the perfect first lady) or because he is more than vocal when it comes to his politics - Clooney has never been out of the running for President when it comes to his fans and the media. Clooney did dash our hopes when he said in an interview that he had slept with too many girls and done too many drugs to run for President, but there are still articles that pop up time and again announcing, \"Clooney for President in 2012?\", along with several fan pages online.Oprah Winfrey : When Winfrey ended her day-time chat show, there were lengthy editorials penned down on how she will now foray into politics but of what kind. Obama's cabinet? Maybe. An ambassador? Too small-time. President? Oh yes. In the past, Oprah has had to issue a cease and desist against a fan who was running a campaign for presidential bid on her behalf!Hugh Grant : As his online fan page proudly announces, \"We've all seen \"Love Actually\". Having this man in power would be amazing, I mean look at those dance skills.\" Grant played Prime Minister in \"Love Actually\" and ever since he created a fervour that caused 1,800 Britons to vote for him to replace premiere Tony Blair in a survey.Charlie Sheen : In an apocalyptic USA may be, but even so in a survey the liberals said that they would prefer Sheen over Alaska Governer Sarah Palin and republicans voted for Sheen over Obama. Each party said they would rather have Sheen rule USA than the leader of the opposite parties. In fact most people think Sheen running for office would be a 'good' idea because he is not hypocritical about his lifestyle like other politicians, he openly declares his love for all things hallucinogenic and prostitutes. Sheen himself is all for it, he said in an interview, \"Is that the craziest (expletive) idea ever?. For starters, I was (expletive) born here, how about that? And I got proof ! Nothing photoshopped about my birth certificate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12227798", "title": "Eating out becomes risky as food checks stop across state", "text": "CHENNAI: Eating out has become risky, with state health authorities not inspecting restaurants or carrying out checks on their kitchens for the past seven months. This has become a problem since perishables rot faster in the summer heat due to longer power cuts.After the responsibility of food safety was taken from municipal corporations and given to a special state food safety unit, monitoring has been consigned to the backburner. The newly-formed unit has been struggling with its organisation, training and logistics.\"We are yet to begin taking samples or conducting raids in Chennai,\" said a food safety official in Chennai. \"We are still registering eateries and setting up offices.\" According to the state health department, corporations stopped collecting samples for testing and raiding restaurants to check if they are conforming to quality specifications in August 2011. A Chennai corporation official estimates that it may have been nine months since samples were collected.Health experts and corporation officials say unscrupulous restaurateurs and manufacturers of food products could take advantage of the fact that no checks are being conducted. \"With several hours of power cuts being imposed on the state every day, the absence of checks could be a problem as perishable goods are likely to spoil even faster,\" an official said. Officials say funding for the health department under the new Food Safety Act has begun only now, almost a year after the act was implemented. Even the state food commissioner is currently operating from the state homeopathy hospital without any support staff.Health department offices in other districts in the state have also been brought standstill, with the exception of Madurai and Coimbatore where officials recently started collecting samples for testing. \"But we haven't begun taking samples yet,\" said a health department official in Tirunelveli. \"Right now we our focus is on completing the registrations of over 12,000 small establishments in this district.\"Many other districts are awaiting release of funds and allotment of office space. In Coimbatore samples have been collected from three restaurants so far and two were found to be contaminated but the authorities were unable to prosecute them, added a local food officer. Food safety, until last year, was overseen as additional duties by health officers in city and town municipal corporations. Rules regarding food safety were covered by the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act. Now a new, more comprehensive, law is in place that has specific instructions for food packaging, ingredient display, hygiene and sanitary conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12225959", "title": "Missing kids' parents ask cops searching questions", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The hunt for missing children has caught the city cops on the wrong foot. While some prodigal sons did come back home as is seen in a recent case in Naranpura where two children left home, some like Vishwa Patel are still untraceable.While the city police have considered it wise to wait and watch, the parents have decided to keep the momentum and have started off to make a group of parents going through the ordeal to raise the issues as a group. First meeting of the parents was conducted near Shyamal crossroads on Sunday afternoon.Sanjay Joshi, a human rights activist who had filed a petition with the state human rights commission after Vishwa Patel went missing in January, told TOI that purpose of the meet was to identify the issues faced by the parents and address them. \"We were already associated with Vishwa's parents but now we also have parents of Kartik Padiyachi and Ronak Panchal, both missing for more than 30 days. We want to cover more such parents and have held a meet on Wednesday,\" he said.Rajendra Padiyachi, father of 17-year old Kartik, is searching for his son for past one and a half months. \"After running from pillar to post, I was told that there has been no fresh development in the case and the police officials are awaiting leads. They can rest, I can't. I haven't been to my job for most of the days in past month. I can't have a peaceful sleep when I know that he is out there somewhere in need of help,\" he said. He has published posters on his own and has arranged it to be posted all over the state.The parents decided to meet frequently, force the government and police to take such cases seriously. \"While the officials don't pay much attention to our solitary cases, we hope that the group can at least force them to sit and take notice of its gravity,\" said a parent present in the meet.No trace yetChild's name Missing from where WhenRonak Panchal, 12Pooja Vidyalaya, CTMFebruary 22Vishwa Patel, 11Mira Mangal Flats, AnandnagarJanuary 27Kartik Padiyachi, 17IIT-JEE class, VastrapurJanuary 28", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12227429", "title": "BJP MP suspended from party", "text": "SHIMLA: BJP MP from Kangra in Himachal Pradesh, Rajan Sushant , was on Sunday suspended from the primary membership of the party for \"anti-party\" activities.The decision to suspend Sushant was taken by BJP parliamentary board, the party's highest decision making body, presided by L K Advani, said party spokesperson Ganesh Dutt. The board also decided to suspend him from the parliamentary party, he said. \"The party gave him a long rope, but he continued with his anti-BJP tirade and did not miss even a single opportunity to embarrass the party government in the state,\" he said.Sushant also formed the \"Himachal Adhikar Manch\", overtly a non-political anti-corruption front in July last year to sharpen his attack. The state BJP had recommended action against him in April 2011.The state BJP had earlier suspended him from party executive, but could not take any other action as he was a member of the parliamentary party.Differences between Sushant and state party leadership started widening after BJP high command refused ticket to his wife from Jwali Vidhan Sabha seat, vacated by him after his election to Lok Sabha in May 2009.BJP lost the byelection, even though ticket was given to a Sushant loyalist, but the episode created deep fissures in the party.Sushant's suspension, ahead of assembly polls, may not augur well for the party in the state, especially in the biggest Kangra district, accounting for 15 out of 68 seats, sources said. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12227467", "title": "Santorum shows he's no pushover", "text": "WASHINGTON: Republican presidential hopeful Rick Santorum cruised to victory in the Kansas caucus demonstrating his strength among conservative voters, while front-runner Mitt Romney won Wyoming ahead of the crucial primaries in the southern states of Alabama and Mississippi.Former Pennsylvania senator Santorum received 51% of the votes, according to a Kansas Republican Party initial count. Romney was second with 21%, followed by Newt Gingrich at 14% and Ron Paul at 13%.Santorum's victory in Kansas came on the heels of his three victories on Super Tuesday. His campaign said tea party loyalists and conservatives continue to rally around him. To bag the Republican presidential nomination, the candidate needs to have 1,144 delegates, who are elected from various states where elections are currently being held.With 446 delegates, former Massachusetts governor Romney has the largest number and analysts consider him to be closest to getting the nomination to challenge incumbent Obama in the November presidential elections.Santorum has 199 delegates, while Gingrich so far has 117 and Ron Paul has 61. Santorum's win in Kansas gave a modest boost to his effort to challenge Romney.\"We've had a very, very good day,\" Santorum said in Missouri. \"I kept saying , 'You just stick with us, you go out and vote for your values and trust what you know... Because you don't live in New York City. You don't live in Los Angeles . You live like most Americans in between those two cities and you know the values you believe in' ,\" he said.Romney won the Wyoming primary with 46.4% of the votes, while Santorum got 29.4%. Romney also cornered 18 delegates with wins in Guam and Northern Mariana Islands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12227099", "title": "University gives grant boost to researchers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To encourage research work and young teachers of Panjab University (PU), the varsity authorities have started giving financial aid to faculty members who are working as assistant professors here. The university has decided to grant Rs 20,000 to Science faculty, and Rs 10,000 to humanities and social sciences faculty.\"There is a lot of potential among young teachers and we have decided to disburse easy grants to them. This will be a one-time grant and 50% amount will be released immediately, once the project is accepted,\" R K Kohli, dean (research), told TOI.He added, \"We would also keep a tab on the research work of the selected teachers. If they fail to write their research project in one year then the amount will be deducted from their salary. The idea is to rope in only serious researchers. Later, we can also consider including senior faculty members in this scheme, depending upon the availability of funds.\" According to sources, in the last few weeks around 15 teachers have availed this grant from PU.In order to avail the grant, the teachers need to apply to dean (research) through their department chairperson. After doing so, experts will evaluate the proposal and select teachers accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12227404", "title": "Noida's MLA meets RWAs, promises action on problems", "text": "NOIDA: The first-ever MLA of the newly-carved Noida constituency, Dr Mahesh Sharma, on Sunday met representatives of resident welfare associations to listen to their problems and take note of demands that he would need to address. The interactive meeting was organized by the Federation of Noida RWAs.Speaking to residents, Sharma said that there was an urgent need to strengthen the RWA federation as it is critical to the holistic development of Noida. \"I will work towards ensuring that all work in the Noida Authority directly related to residents is done after consultation with them. The RWAs need to have a say in the developmental activities undertaken in the city,\" Sharma said.The BJP legislator assured residents that irrespective of the Samajwadi Party forming the state government, there would be no step-motherly treatment towards Noida. \"As promised during my poll campaigns, I will work towards converting landholdings in the city from leasehold to freehold basis,\" he said.The legislator also criticized the Noida Authority on the sealing of commercial units in non-conforming areas. tnn \"During conceptualisation of the city, if proper foresight had been shown in providing for commercial spaces for banks, markets, etc within the residential areas, matters would not have come to such a pass,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "belthangady (dk dist)", "code": "12227056", "title": "ANF finds first live Naxal-training camp", "text": "BELTHANGADY (DK DIST):The Anti Naxal Force (ANF) and the special operations squad of Dakshina Kannada police will continue combing operations for some more days to detect the whereabouts of the Naxalites, who are scattered in the Belle Reserve Forest, after one of their training camps was busted on Saturday night.\"It's not that ANF and police did not have prior information about Naxal presence in Belthangady area.The earlier information had led to abandoned camps and this is the first time a live camp was found. This time the tip-off proved to be good,'' said inspector general of police (intelligence) Gopal B Hosur. The camp was about 22-25 km from Belthangady town and deep inside the reserve forest. With no motorable road for the last five km, it is an arduous trek on the uphill terrain.The force had recovered 45 live grenades, improvised explosive devices (IEDs), detonators, a 9 mm pistol, self-loading rifle (SLR) live ammunition, Naxal literature, diaries from the camp, said DK superintendent of police Abhishek Goyal, who returned to Belthangady police station after the combing operations on Sunday morning.\"The grenades will be sent for examination to determine their potency and origin,\" said IGP (Western Range) Pratap Reddy, who is also stationed at Belthangady.\"A laptop bag and solar charger adapter have been recovered. This indicates that the Naxalites are tech savvy. There is no confirmation about any Naxalite injured in the encounter,'' said Reddy.Sources said that after the exchange of fire at 4.30 pm on Saturday, they had heard screams of women which led them to believe somebody was injured.\"We combed the area far and wide and did not find any traces of blood or person,'' said the source. There were about 20-22 person in the camp. \"They were speaking in Telugu and other languages, which means that the training camp had Naxals from Tamil Nadu , Andhra, Kerala and the state,'' the source added. The terrain is inhospitable with thick forest and deep ravines and gives every opportunity for guerilla warfare. \"Hence combing operation is going on at a determined pace,'' said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12226609", "title": "Mapusa cross damaged by accident: Owner", "text": "MAPUSA: The damaged and broken roadside cross near Cine Alankar in Mapusa was due to an accident and not an act of desecration, its owner said.Locals were stunned to see the broken cross lying by the roadside near Cine Alankar on Saturday morning.The owner of the cross Peter D'Sa said that the damage to the cross was due to an accident involving a goods carrier.He said that during the early hours of Saturday morning, a vehicle carrying milk bags was reversing when it hit the cross and damaged it. \"No issues here. It was not a case of desecration and there should not be panic, we live in communal harmony,\" the owner, Peter D'Sa said.D'Sa told TOI that the vehicle owner accepted his fault and has rebuilt the cross.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230553", "title": "Fun unlimited at 'Jole Jongole' sets", "text": "Far from the madding crowd, our celebs were seen having an action-packed weekend. As the unit of Nitish Roy's \" Jole Jongole\" got together near Bantala, it was fun unlimited.For starters, Rajdeep Gupta says he was all nerves about sharing screen space with Mithun Chakraborty . \"Mithunda took the onus on him to dissipate this fear. He made sure that young actors like me get screen time. It was also great working with Tinnu (Anand) Sir. He even said, 'Hum ne bahut camera face kiya hai. Ab tum logon ki baari hai'.\"The unit also had to be on its guard what with the senior actors looking for opportunities to pull a fast one on the juniors. \"Mithunda likes keeping a straight face even while pulling off a mischief. And Nitishda is the most unpredictable of the lot. You never know when he'll be serious or when he'll break into a grin,\" adds Rajdeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230413", "title": "T' town all set for awards ceremony", "text": "T-town is buzzing with excitement. Reason? Come June and Tollywood actors will be off to Thailand for a first-of-its-kind award ceremony.Koneenica, Rajatava, Srijit, Shankar, Hiraan, Subhashish and Rachna came together on Saturday for the announcement of the award dates.\"A platform like this was needed. Thankfully, it will soon become a reality. Although I have been to Thailand before, I'm looking forward to a fun time there,\" said Koneenica, who was seen letting her hair down in style. \"An occasion like this is rare. I caught up with my friends from the industry and had a great time at the party,\" the actor added . Rachna too is no less excited. \"I am looking forward to the pre-event beach party,\" she added.Overheard: Tata Young will be performing at the award ceremony. Well, that would be some dhoom!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12227799", "title": "60% beneficiaries of backward class loans rise above poverty line in state", "text": "PUNE: A study conducted by the city-based Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economics (GIPE), found that 60% of those who had availed loans from the National Backward Classes Finance and Development Corporation (NBCFDC) had subsequently risen above the poverty line.The study was conducted among 1,002 beneficiaries from the backward classes in the state. At least 69.1% of these beneficiaries could even create assets out of their business for which they were given the loans.The study, undertaken in ten districts of the state including Pune, aimed to ascertain the status of asset creation by beneficiaries of the loans provided by NBCFDC, New Delhi. At least 41% of the beneficiaries were helped by local level politicians of their caste for availing the loan schemes, said the study. The study also revealed that there was a huge gender disparity as just 13.3% of women from the sample were female beneficiaries. Though there are specific loans schemes for women, they consist of less fundsPrashant Bansode, associate professor in the Centre for the Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy at GIPE, headed the research undertaken in Solapur, Beed, Nagpur, Kolhapur, Ahmednagar, Pune, Sindhudurg, Nashik, Washim and Aurangabad districts.The NBCFDC had entrusted the GIPE to evaluate the NBCFDC loan schemes for poorer sections of backward classes in the state and ascertain the status of the beneficiaries who have availed these schemes. The researchers covered 1,002 beneficiaries of the two state channeling agencies under NBCFDC that disburse these loans: the Maharashtra State Other Backward Classes Finance and Development Corporation Ltd; and the Vasantrao Naik Vimukta Jatis and Nomadic Tribes Development Corporation Ltd. Of the entire sample, 43% belonged to the urban areas, while 57% belonged to the rural areasAs far as the source of information for availing the loan scheme was concerned, 44.4% learnt about it from friends and relatives, 41% from local politicians, while 5.5% and 2.5% got to know of the scheme from newspapers and the block development officer respectively. \"The local level politicians therefore seem to be mobilising their followers. Though it is good that these beneficiaries are being mobilised for their economic development, there is also a possibility that they are being seen as vote banks by local politicians,\" said Bansode.The study also found that family income of the beneficiaries on an average increased 1.5 times more after availing such loan schemes. Before availing these loans, as much as 51.60% of the beneficiaries had income below poverty line. Conversely, only 5.79% had family income below the poverty line after having availed these loans. Thus, 45.81% beneficiaries had risen above the poverty line after taking the NBCFDC loans.\"Almost 14% beneficiaries from nomadic tribes declined to give their income details, while 22.33% from OBCs followed suit. However, there is a probability that they too might have had their income increased above the poverty line after availing these loan schemes. Hence, roughly 58-60% beneficiaries have been able to come above poverty line,\" he said.\"In another major finding, some castes among the OBC and nomadic tribe communities were found to have availed the loans on a major scale than other communities. Apparently, they were relatively better off sections amongst the OBC and VJNT communities. The government should therefore also disburse loans to those who have lagged behind by identifying them first,\" said Bansode.The business activities initiated by the beneficiaries after availing these loans include goldsmith and silver works, electrical and electronics shop, hair cutting, cloth selling, milk retailing and the likes.The study found that only 49.6% of beneficiaries received trainings to run the business activities for which they had taken the loan. In asset creation, 12.9% created household assets, 30.4% created only business assets, 25.8% created both household as well as business assets, while 3.5% created other assets after availing these loans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12225922", "title": "Beaten by love rival, killed by name", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ganpat Bharathari, 50, a Dehgam resident, was a dead man for Chandkheda police station. According to police records, he was beaten up severely by Suresh Dantani, a Chandkheda resident on February 2 evening. The bone of contention was Manjula, his wife, who was earlier living with Ganpat out of wedlock. Thus, after being beaten up, he was sent for treatment to Civil Hospital. It was reported that he died on February 8 due to the injuries.When a team of Chandkheda police went to Dehgam to Ganpat's residence on Saturday to secure more details on the incident and his relationship with Manjula, a man answered to the knocks and told the team that he is in fact Ganpat Bharathari!According to police investigators, the team was dumbfounded. On probing deeper they got to know that Ganpat was indeed taken to the Civil Hospital after the scuffle and was recuperating there but was not dead. The cops then rushed to the hospital for explanation. Then, they got to know that the man who died on March 8 was Ganpat Parmar, 45, a beggar from Chandkheda who was admitted to the Civil Hospital in Gandhinagar and was then transferred to the hospital in Ahmedabad on February 2 evening, almost at the same time when Bharathari was admitted.\"Thus, when Bharathari was discharged on March 6 after treatment from the hospital, Parmar was still there unconscious. The mix-up in names also confused the hospital authorities. When they informed the investigating police officials, police assumed that Bharathari was be dead and charged Dantani with murder,\" said a senior city police official.Chandkheda police inspector K P Rathod told TOI, the mistake has been corrected.\"Dantani indeed assaulted Bharathari on February 2 and we had registered a complaint for assault after which Dantani has been missing. However, we have now dropped charges of murder against him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12226410", "title": "Battles fought to gain supremacy", "text": "GURGAON: The first organized gang to be formed in Gurgaon's underbelly was the Bunty alias Fauji gang in January 1995. An advocate by profession, Bunty was a resident of Teekli village on Sohna Road. The next to follow suit was a Jharsa resident called Rajje.The first gang war which took place in Gurgaon was at Jharsa bundh in 1996 where Fauji shot Rajje dead. The reason for the gang war was apparently to prove one's supremacy. The list swelled, several gangs mushroomed - Sunil Takla gang, Dharambeer Ullahwas gang, Sudesh alias Chailu gang, Kuldeep alias Neetu Gahlot gang, and Raju Langda gang, among several others.One of the most dreaded gangs to have been known in the area was called D-Company, formed in 1998 under the leadership of Dilip, a resident of Badshapur, a dismissed constable of Delhi Police. The gang was into extortions where it would call industrialists, doctors and jewellers, among others, and demand money in return for their safety. It did not take any case which was less than Rs 5 lakh. The gang was involved in the murder of the owner of SS Jewellers in old Gurgaon in the late 90s.However, the gang fell apart after Dilip, who is believed to be alive, was arrested by the city police in 2001. Though Dilip is no longer in custody, he is believed to be leading a life of oblivion at present. The gang wars were at their peak from the late nineties till 2004 in Gurgaon. The last case of shootout took place at Rajiv Chowk in 2006 where Chailu was shot dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12226492", "title": "Drama at Baga as cops chase, arrest Nigerian", "text": "PANAJI: The crime branch teams of Goa and Pune arrested a Nigerian national at the Baga market on Sunday in connection with drug peddling.The Pune team arrived on Sunday morning after they arrested Harkit Singh Gathode, 21, in possession of cocaine in Pune on March 6. During interrogation, Gathode confessed that he had purchased the cocaine from a Nigerian. After Gathode telephoned the Nigerian, police proceeded to Baga accompanied by the Punjabi. But in Baga, the Nigerian appeared suspicious and dodged the police four times. Finally, he called Gathode near the Baga bridge. When Singh was within sight, the Nigerian told him to follow on a motorcycle taxi. The police took Singh in a vehicle, chased the Nigerian who was on a two-wheeler and nabbed him near the Baga market.The Nigerian, Christopher Nwabueze, 35, said he had come to India on a business visa on August 27, 2011. Police sources said that he claimed that he was not involved in drug peddling but in the sale of garments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227662", "title": "Budget expectations", "text": "The Union budget provides major policy direction, which is eagerly awaited by the common man and the industry. As management students we would like to stress on the importance of sustainable growth of the economy. This will help to create new jobs and increase investment and capital formation.India urgently needs tax reforms like the Direct Taxes Code (DTC) and the Goods and Services Tax (GST), which will improve the ease of doing business and also improve the Tax/GDP ratio. Also, with current average spending at $400 per student compared to $6,000 in countries like the US, there is a need to invest more on higher education .In order to promote entrepreneurship , cheap loans should be sanctioned for new businesses in growing sectors like IT, biotechnology, clean energy, etc. In order to create more opportunities for highly skilled people, the emphasis should be on promoting exchange of services and movement of labour, while being a signatory of Free Trade Agreements (FTAs).The low cost advantage that India currently enjoys in the services sector is not sustainable in the long term. And to move up the value chain we need to invest heavily and immediately in research and development (R&D; ) as its benefits will be reaped only after five to six years. We currently spend 0.9% of GDP on R&D; compared to a global average of 2%.The government also needs to consider the reduction or removal of educational services from the ambit of the service tax. This would make services like coaching classes, vocational training , workshops, etc, more affordable for students and result in better education standards in the country.Primary education is the most important part of the education system, and in order to improve the overall state of education in the country, more allocation needs to be made towards it through the Right To Education (RTE) Act. In the budget of 2011, Rs 21,000 crore was allocated to RTE - an increase of 40%. However, this needs to be more than doubled to Rs 45,000 crore as estimated by the planning commission for the 12Five-Year plan.If these structural changes take place in our education system, it will definitely lead us to a path of sustainable and rapid growth in the coming decades.- As told to Vishakha Sharma", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12233894", "title": "People treat me like a man: Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy", "text": "After winning the first Oscar for Pakistan, documentary filmmaker Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy gets up, close and personal with us on her future plans, her family and more...First Emmy and now Oscar, what's next that we can look forward to from you?You can look forward to more storytelling! I am currently planning my next film whilst simultaneously producing an animated children's show geared towards local audiences.You have achievement so much in a society, which is very chauvinistic and politically turbulent. Surely, the journey was not an easy one. Who egged you on and kept the fighter in you alive, despite so many negatives around?Interestingly, I have never encountered any gender-based hurdles whilst shooting in Pakistan. During filming, I have found that most people are eager to tell their stories and make their voices heard. Most of the time, people are so taken aback with my forthrightness that they treat me like a man! From a young age, my father instilled a sense of purpose in me, and motivated me to never take no for answer; this motto continues to guide my career today.How did you celebrate such an awesome achievement?My husband and I celebrated with the Saving Face team in Los Angeles , but the real celebrations will begin when I return to my family in Karachi later this month!There's so much on the web about your work, but nothing much about your family. What role have they played in your success saga?My family has played a pivotal role in my career; my mother made sure that her daughters received the best of education and was very supportive of my journalistic aspirations. My father continues to serve as an inspiration for me, and I owe a formidable amount of my success to his guidance. I have been blessed with a very encouraging husband who has always pushed me to work harder and produce the best work that I can. My daughter, Amelia, is the reason why I make films; I want the Pakistan that she inherits to be better than the one that we currently live in.Did you at any time feel like giving up your creative pursuits?Admittedly, there are times during everyone's career when one feels overwhelmed and emotionally exhausted. I also felt like quitting at times. However, I find my inspiration in the subjects that I feature in my films. In the case of Saving Face, it was difficult to ignore the devastating realities that we were trying to explore. As a Pakistani woman, I struggled with accepting the fact that such atrocities happened in the country that I called home. I found comfort in the survivors that I met; their bravery and resilience motivated me to produce a film that best represented their incredible grace and spirit.Along with your Oscar, there are many in India (I'm sure across the world too), who are going gushy over your glam looks too...Your reactions to these compliments..No comments!You are Hina Rabbani have become the poised, intelligent and good-looking face of Pakistan. Does that make men insecure back home?I think it makes men in Pakistan recognise that our country is producing strong enterprising women !Among the young Indian filmmakers, is there any whose work you admire?A couple of years ago, I watched 'Luck by Chance' and was completely blown away by Zoya Akhtar's work. I loved the fact that the industry was willing to laugh at itself and deeply respected the aesthetics and punchy dialogue in the film. Over the past few decades Bollywood has expanded to represent a multitude of voices, stories and points of view in India; it is truly inspiring to see the way our neighbors are growing and achieving incredible things!When a filmmaker is showcasing his/her work at Oscars, how important is glamour and networking in the process?It depends on the filmmaker; for many people, the Oscars is an ideal gathering for networking and making connections for future projects, for others it is an opportunity to share ones ideas with people who have similar passions and aspirations. For me, I wanted the Academy Awards to further the cause highlighted in Saving Face and to act as a platform through which the message could be projected. I also wanted to represent another aspect of Pakistan; one that takes ownership of its faults and celebrates those who are fighting for justice through a creative medium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12227819", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority yet to relocate houses for flyover", "text": "JAIPUR: As the deadline of the Ghat Ki Ghuni project is approaching, the construction work on tunnel too has picked up pace. However, the project is likely to hit a roadblock as taking possession of the houses to develop the ramp of the flyover remains a challenge for Jaipur Development Authority (JDA).According to JDA sources, the work for the 65-metre-long flyover, which was to be constructed on Goner Road, has started. However, in absence of complete possession of houses the work is been stalled.\"There are 12 houses in the area where the ramp is to be constructed. The JDA is able to take possession of only seven acquired houses. Three house owners who have agreed to give the possession have not vacated the place. Also, no decision has been taken so far of the two house owners who have disagreed to shift,\" said an official. \"If project is not completed on time, financial loss too can occur as awarded company can ask for concessional claim,\" said an official.The owners whose houses are been acquired have been given three options where they can take land. For the structures, cash compensation has been provided. Also, land in return will be given in Paldi Meena, Ramnagariya vistar, and Sumel. But the JDA is not able to please or take any action against these owners.With around three-and-a-half months left to meet the deadline, JDA officials claim that nearly 60% of the project is being completed. Executive engineer, Sanjeev Kumar said: \"The work of the tunnel is at its peak and it's expected to be completed in given deadline.\"So far, nearly 850 metre road is constructed and with in this week, the construction work of concrete cement road in one tunnel will be started. After the completion of road construction work, the work such as ventilation and lighting will begin. According to the Indian Road Congress code, the interconnecting work of the tunnel from two places after every 300 metres is been completed.After starting the major drilling, officials plan to end the project by June 2013 .The tunnel would maintain an elevated height difference of 70 metre at Agra Road and Jawahar Nagar Bypass as per the Indian Road Congress code. Also, the width of one tunnel would be around 21 metres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "12232614", "title": "Sri Sri leaves for Pakistan on three-day peace mission", "text": "ATTARI: With firm belief that meditation and yoga will help eradicate terrorism and people to people contact between India and Pakistan, spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar left for Pakistan on a three-day peace mission via Attari land border on Monday.Speaking to the mediapersons, Sri Sri said that treading on path of peace was a tedicious and a lengthy process, yet it had to be kept going for permanent peace in the region.This is Sri Sri's second visit to Pakistan, the first was on July 2004. During his three-day peace mission, Sri Sri will meet top leaders of Pakistan to strengthen collaborative efforts between two neighbouring countries.Asked about the reports of forced conversion of Hindu girls in Pakistan, Sri Sri said that he would also be meeting with the religious heads in Pakistan which will help create awareness among common Pakistani.Stating that terrorism was like an illness, he said terrorism had to be eradicated. \"Yoga and meditation would help lessen the violence. We have spent a lot on conflicts, on escalating conflicts and on destruction of life and environment. Now we have to work towards making peace. Thousands of youth have been benefited with the meditation and yoga in Pakistan,\" he said.Art of Living foundation was active in Pakistan for past 7 to 8 years. More than one lakh people had been benefited in Pakistan by Art of Living, he added.Besides visiting places of religious significance, including the Badshahi mosque, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar will be inaugurating an Art of Living centre.During his last visit to Pakistan in July 2004, Sri Sri had inaugurated Art of Living's stress elimination programmes as well as humanitarian service initiatives. He said he would hold talks with business leaders, academicians, spiritual leaders, student organizations and opinion leaders.In Pakistan, he informed that Art of Living had also been involved in relief efforts in the Swat valley, and collection and distribution of relief material and raising funds for rebuilding of schools (in partnership with Rotary International ) for the 2008 Quetta earthquake relief.Meanwhile, a release of Art of Living quoting Naeem Samindar, chairman, Art of Living Foundation Pakistan, said: \"As an ongoing effort to create a stress-free, violence-free society, Art of Living's Pakistani instructors conduct stress-elimination programs. Eight Art of Living teachers in Pakistan have trained thousands of people through art of living courses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12226645", "title": "Slow removal of sand bars irks fishermen", "text": "MAPUSA: Members of the fishing community in Chapora have alleged that work of removing sand bars in the Chapora river is going on at a slow pace.The work is being undertaken by a private contractor. According to community members, the sandbars at the mouth of the river are affecting their fishing activity.Sand bars in the Chapora river are due to soil deposits on the river bed around the mouth of the river which obstruct the smooth navigation of fishing vessels. Therefore, the fishing community has also demanded that the river be desilted immediately as the number of sand bars have increased.According to the chairman of Chapora fishing boat owners association Vishwajit Parab, the sand deposition near the mouth of river has increased making it difficult for fishermen to access fertile fishing grounds.\"Due to rough weather during the past week and obstruction due to the sand bars no fishing trawler has entered the waters for fishing,\" said a association member. There are about 70 fishing trawlers registered with this association.Parab informed that the Captains of Ports had given the tender to a Mumbai based dredging company on November 21, 2011.\"They started work on a slow pace initially and now the dredging work has been stopped,\" Parab alleged.Parab informed that the association has even marked the area where sandbars have to be removed.But the ports administration had another version to present. \"We have completed the dredging after a thorough two and half month long operation,\" Capt James Braganza said.The firm which undertook the dredging followed guidelines as per the report submitted by national institute of oceannography (NIO). \"The fishing vessels were going out to sea after the work,\" Braganza said. Further, he said if dredging is not carried out in a scientific manner, it may lead to erosion of the coastline and even a change in the course of Chapora river. The NIO study is based on tidal patterns, he added.Chapora fishing boats owner association has demanded a assurance from the contractor that they will complete the work at the earliest and has also demanded government help to resolve the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12232340", "title": "Mukhiya among five arrested for firing", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Police on Saturday evening arrested the mukhiya of Nawada panchayat, Karmveer Singh Yadav alias Lallu, along with his four associates for opening fire at Dharampur Kharwa village under Dulhin Bazaar police station in Patna district.Police seized two rifles, 33 cartridges besides a four-wheeler from the possession of the arrested persons, said Patna Senior SP (SSP) Alok Kumar. He said that Lallu along with his associates Manoj Kumar, Sikandar Kumar, Sanjiv Kumar and Pramod Kumar, all residents of Gulabbagh under Barh police station, reached his father-in-law Baldeo Rai's house at Dharampur Kharwa village on a vehicle on March 10 evening. As Rai had some dispute with his relative Rajaram Yadav, the mukhiya called Rajaram's son, Sugan Yadav while the latter was on way to his residence.The SSP said that when Sugan refused to meet the mukhiya, Lallu and his associates fired two rounds in the air. Later, Lallu, his four associates and brother in-law Bigan Yadav opened fire in the air from the roof of his in-law's house. On getting information, local police reached the spot and arrested the mukhiya and his four associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12226995", "title": "Govt making efforts to give 100 % free cancer treatment", "text": "JAIPUR: Information and public relations minister Jitendra Singh on Sunday said the state government will make all efforts to make cancer treatment 100% free in the state which include various therapies related to cancer treatment.He was speaking at a free camp to cousel cancer patients organised by the Rajasthan Cancer Detection and Welfare Society and NROI Rajasthan Chapter at Jaipur Medical Association's building in Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital. The minister added that the treatment of cancer is possible if people are fully aware of the disease.Singh said, \"Though the government is providing free medicines for majority of the diseases, it will also try to make treatment of cancer 100% free including medicines and various therapies.He said women especially try to hide their diseases and do not go to hospitals. It becomes difficult to treat the disease when complications arise. The minister added, \"If they are aware of the disease, they could get timely treatment for chronic diseases in hospitals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227317", "title": "Glaciers melt, concerns mount among JNU scientists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Worried about the day when the Himalayan glaciers have melted, the Yamuna is a marsh and your taps have run dry? It's unlikely to happen soon. Scientists from JNU's School of Environmental Sciences studying the Chhota Shigri Glacier in Lahaul-Spiti have found that it has definitely lost mass over a decade, but is in no danger of disappearing yet. One of the very few Indian glaciers to be monitored for mass balance - difference of ice accumulated and lost to melting - since 2002, Chhota Shigri is a fair index for other Himalayan glaciers, and has recorded accelerated depletion in the 21century compared to 1987-89, scientists say.Study leader, professor AL Ramanathan, says while there have been years of positive mass balance, \"Over all there is negative mass balance in the past nine years. But it's far from the myth that glaciers are disappearing. We need long-term data on glaciers and weather conditions.\"\"We have compared the data collected by Wadia Institute of Himalayan Geology in 1987-89 with our data collected since 2002. It shows that the glacial thinning has been more rapid in this century,\" says Anurag Linda, a Department of Science and Technology (DST) young scientist and member of the survey team.Another glaciologist, PG Jose, says, \"Glacial retreat is happening. Our study this time reinforces negative mass balance on Chhota Shigri. But it could be due to many factors like natural process, black carbon, and climate change. I think some adaptation measures should be implemented by the government and not wait for more long-term reports on glacier melt.\" The JNU study has been accepted by International Journal of Glaciology and a report will be submitted to the department of science and technology (DST).Glaciologists say longterm mass balance studies can give a clear picture of glacial retreat and the impact of climate change. For this purpose, the three-member team of scientists treks up the glacier every year and measures the change around bamboo stakes driven into the surface. Changes in a stake's exposed length indicate the rate of surface melt. The three scientists are accompanied by three or four researchers - Md Farooq Azam, Virendra Bahadur Singh, Naveen Kumar and Parminder Kumar - to measure the exposure of ice and carry out other studies like discharge measurements and the geochemistry of glacier melt.\"We will return this year as soon as Rohtang Pass opens in May. Most of us have experienced frostbite and neardeath moments as it is a rugged way up. But we are also very keen to document this glacier for a long time so that meaningful results can be obtained,\" says Linda.\"Even falling into crevasses twice during my last visit did not stop me from working on this project,\" says Virendra Bahadur Singh. Himalayan glaciers were the subject of a 2007 controversy named 'Glaciergate' when an unsubstantiated claim was made about their disappearance by 2035, in the Intergovernmental Panel for Climate Change (IPCC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227740", "title": "Fare hike pinches, attitude hurts", "text": "Respected sir,I commute daily by autorickshaw from Nagarbhavi to Residency Road for work. I used to pay Rs 85. With the fare hike again, I may have to pay Rs 100. Is the extent of hike justified? It is distressing as it amounts to going by car or taxi. I will be paying Rs 50 extra every day, which means nearly Rs 1,500 for the month. How can the government go on increasing auto fares every one-and-a-half years? I will be forced to take a bus. The nightmare is there are auto fare hikes, but no change in attitude among the fraternity. If I can afford it, I'd rather take a taxi.- Krishnaprasad GK |NagarbhaviThe hike in auto fares is making citizens see red. The last fare was Rs 17 as minimum for 2km and Rs 9 per km; the new fare is Rs 20 as minimum for 1.8 km, and Rs 11 per km thereon - a steep hike by Rs 3 and Rs 2. While the auto ride now pinches, the experience of putting up with refusals is disturbing.Niharika K, a commuter, explains: \"I travel from Banaswadi to MG Road and have to face the humiliation of refusals every day. You don't mind paying extra if drivers are nice to you. When I am treated badly, why should I spend my hard-earned money on them? I am tempted to give up and just take a taxi.\"Sandhya R, an HR professional , asks: \"Has there ever been a change in the attitude of autorickshaw drivers? The hike comes often, but the attitude remains the same. The least we can get as compensation is polite and positive service.''Other citizens complain of the financial burden . \"For me, it's an extra Rs 1,500 a month. Auto unions are threatening to hike fares again if LPG touches Rs 70. My salary doesn't go up every month, does it?\" asks Nitin Raghu, a teacher.Ramya Raghavan, advertising professional, says: \"The hike means an extra Rs 60 per day, and translates into Rs 2,000 a month. I may as well pay a little more and hire a taxi. There should be moderation in the hike, and good service.\"There are some auto drivers who agree that service has to improve. M Manjunath, president of Adarsha Auto Union, agrees with commuters' feelings. \"I am aware that drivers refuse commuters. It's wrong. We are holding classes for our auto drivers telling them to stop refusing commuters, talk politely, and be sensitive and helpful.\"Manjunath agrees that some meters are tampered. \"It is illegal and unethical. Our union has asked police to track such drivers and mechanics who tamper with meters and jail them. We want to deliver honest public service.\"But he disagrees with passengers on the fare hike issue. \"I know the hike hurts. But people should also consider our plight: we work morning to night in the hot sun, drive around the city, pay high LPG and oil rates, insurance and maintenance cost. Besides, cost of living has gone up - ration , house rents, school fees. How can we make a comfortable living with just Rs 150 or Rs 200 per day? Even a labourer gets Rs 350 per day. We have to make Rs 600 or Rs 800 per day, pay the owner, pay for fuel and take home what remains. Sometimes, we make only Rs 500. The owner doesn't care whether we drivers make money or not, we have to pay him.\"Going On A RideThe hike: Rs 17 to Rs 20 as minimum, from 2 km to 1.8 km, and Rs 9 per km to Rs 11 per kmSecond hike within 18 monthsPassengers humiliated by having to hail at least 10 to 12 times in CBD.Drivers fleece commuters for short-haul rides: demand Rs 30-40 for a 2km radius and Rs 50-70 for 3-4 km radius in CBDTraffic, lack of return passengers cited as reason for refusalAdarsha Auto Union agrees that honest and sensitive service is a mustEasy Autos are available, but very few people opt for call autos", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225457", "title": "He paid just Rs 80 for 15,000 pages", "text": "MUMBAI: In Mulund, RTI applicant Dinesh Pandey had received information on March 3 comprising 15,000 pages from the Railway Protection Force by just paying just Rs 80. Compared to this, businessman Sanjay Bhalika, 40, arrested for cheating and forgery and recently released on bail after 43 days of judicial custody from Kalyan's Adharwadi jail, was asked to pay Rs 1.3 lakh for 12,500 pages.Pandey was also not familiar with the RTI Act and the procedures but was guided by activist Samir Zaveri. RTI activists say that officials misguide RTI applicants to hide information and suggested that they should obtain guidance from those familiar with the act. \"It's a great tool to gather information,'' an activist said.Santosh Sanap, an RTI activist who too in the past was demanded Rs 45,000 for an RTI reply, said, \"This is the normal tactics of government officials to demoralize people. They charge huge amounts so no one will try to use RTI.\"Sanap said after the media highlighted his case, a Kalyan-Domibivli Municipal Corporation official supplied him information in a CD by charging just Rs 50.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12227841", "title": "Now, minor errors in forms not a problem for law entrance test", "text": "JODHPUR: Unlike in previous years, applicants of the Common Law Entrance Test (CLAT), the threshold to prestigious law schools of the country, will not be barred from appearing in the examination on account of minor mistakes in their application forms, which will be allowed for corrections later.The National Law University (NLU), Jodhpur, has been given the charge of conducting the examination this year and the university has made it sure that this entrance examination is a hassle-free experience for the applicants.\"We have identified a number of problems faced by CLAT applicants and the most important among them is that many applicants are barred from appearing in the examination only on account of some minor mistakes in their application forms, which can be corrected later and have no bearing on the eligibility criteria,\" Ratan Lahoti, registrar of the NLU, said.Describing other major steps taken up this year, Lahoti said the university has made the information brochure of the CLAT so exhaustive and informative that will do away with many general queries from the applicants. \"The brochure include availability of the seats in each of the 14 law schools across the country listed in order of their establishments, availability of courses with the fee structure,\" he said.Besides, the university has developed a FAQ section on the website addressing every possible query of the applicants and, even further, has set up four fully dedicated telephone lines to ensure correct answer of every question, doubt or query of an applicant.Vice-chancellor of NLU, N N Mathur, said above 30,000 applicants are expected to appear in the CLAT this year and steps have been taken up to ensure that none of the applicants misses the examination for the reasons quite under the university's control. \"Keeping this in mind, we held a meeting of the core committee along with the registrar well in advance to plan out the CLAT and to address every problem, which the applicants normally face,\" he added.The CLAT is scheduled on May 31 at 20 examination centers across the country. With an addition of three new schools this year in Orissa, Ranchi and Assam , the total number of law schools in the country stands at 14 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon/ new delhi", "code": "12225858", "title": "E-way deal axed, NHAI in fix over toll fee hike", "text": "GURGAON/ NEW DELHI: The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) seems to be in a dilemma over the issue of increasing toll charges for the Delhi-Gurgaon stretch. Since the authority has already sent the termination order to the private concessionaire, DSC Ltd, it's now seeking legal opinion on whether the mandatory revision of user fee is possible.Sources in the NHAI said that the private concessionaire recently sent the proposal to revise the user fee for each category of vehicle for the next financial year. \"It's a complex situation now as we have served the termination order. So, how can we engage in any way to increase the toll rate? We have sought the guidance of our legal counsel on how to go about it. It's too early to comment on how we will go about it,\" said an NHAI official.As per the concession agreement, the toll charges would be revised every year. Revision of toll charges is done on the basis of the changes in the wholesale price index (WPI). The WPI is decided on a monthly basis.The toll rates are revised every year for all the three toll plazas on the 27.7-kilometre stretch. All vehicles barring two-wheelers and three-wheelers pay toll for using the expressway.While at least 1.9 lakh vehicles pass through the 32-lane plaza on Delhi-Gurgaon border, the traffic flow is also huge at Kherki Dhaula toll plaza. As per the norm, the new toll rates come to effect from April 1. The NHAI has to clear the issue and notify it in advance for timely implementation so that there is no revenue loss to the developer and the government as well.Interestingly, the issue of termination comes up for hearing in the Delhi High Court on March 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12227558", "title": "BJP core committee to shortlist names for RS", "text": "PATNA: With a large number of state BJP leaders trying to get party nomination from Bihar for the Rajya Sabha poll, the party's State Election Committee (SEC) on Sunday virtually abdicated its role and passed over the responsibility to shortlist the candidates to the party's state core committee. The latter would shortlist the names in a day or so, and then send the panels made for each of the seats in its kitty to the party's Central Election Committee (CEC) for finalization of the candidates latest by Thursday or Friday.While six Rajya Sabha seats have fallen vacant in Bihar, the two ruling coalition partners, JD (U) and BJP, in normal situation, can get five of them (three from the side of JD (U) and two from the BJP camp) easily elected since they command adequate number of MLAs in the state assembly.The JD (U) has 118 MLAs and BJP 91 MLAs, while the election of one candidate would require 35 votes.As for the sixth seat, the two parties have to support a jointly agreed candidate through mutual understanding to make him sail through. JD (U) will have 12 surplus MLAs after electing three candidates, and BJP 21 after electing two of its candidates. However, the BJP has also been counting on the three Independent MLAs to take the strength of its surplus votes to 24. BJP sources said the party had supported the candidates of the JD (U) earlier on two occasions, in 2006 and 2010.State BJP chief Dr C P Thakur said on Sunday that the party was desirous of having three of the six Rajya Sabha seats, even as the term of only one BJP Rajya Sabha member from Bihar - national BJP chief spokesman Ravi Shankar Prasad - is to expire. \"For the third seat, it has been decided to hold parleys with the alliance partner, JD (U),\" Dr Thakur added.On the other hand, the BJP SEC, after discussing the names of 15 aspirants, authorized the state core committee to shortlist the names for preparing a three-member panel for each of the three seats - thereby, shortlisting nine of the 15 aspirants for consideration by the party's CEC in Delhi, Dr Thakur said.The SEC members who discussed the profiles and potential of the 15 aspirants included Dr Thakur, former state chief Radha Mohan Singh , secretary (organization) Nagendraji, and ministers Nand Kishore Yadav and Ashwini Kumar Choubey, among others.It is learnt that the state core committee members - deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , Dr Thakur, Singh, Nagendraji, Yadav and Choubey - would sit with the party's CEC in Delhi for two days, beginning March 14, to finally decide the names of candidates for the two Rajya Sabha seats in natural course, and also for the third one if the agreement with the JD (U) is successfully clinched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225309", "title": "Board to review Infosys's Mihan agreements", "text": "NAGPUR: In a step further towards Infosys starting its unit in Mihan, the IT major's proposal to get a co-developer status in this special economic zone (SEZ), will be taken up by the board of approvals (BOA), a body under ministry of commerce, scheduled to meet on March 13.Infosys has submitted the co-developer agreement entered into with the SEZ's developer, Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC), and also the draft lease agreement for taking up land in Mihan to the BOA.Infosys plans to acquire 142 acres of land in SEZ with the operations expected to begin within three years.The initial investment is reported to be over Rs100 crore creating more than 2,000 jobs. Eventually the investment will increase to Rs455 crore creating 14,000 jobs in a decade, as reported by the company.Infosys and MADC had signed a memorandum of undertaking for the proposed venture last week, with the state's chief minister Prithviraj Chavan who holds the post MADC chairman also being present for the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12233922", "title": "Genelia praises Siddharth", "text": "We all know that Genelia D'souza and actor Siddharth shared a great chemistry on screen.Their performance in Telugu movie 'Bommarillu' was mindblowing. Since then they have remained friends. She's always been the bubbly girl who never lets go of a chance to praise her co-stars in the industry. This time the recipient was none other than her good friend Siddharth. Genelia tweeted; \"Just saw @ Actor_Siddharth 's new ad,, super cute,, young n fresh, way 2go sid.\" Now, that's what one calls a true friendship! Cheers Genelia", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12226862", "title": "Newly-elected assembly richest in the country!", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab's newly-elected assembly of politicians may have become one of the richest in the country. Not only has the number of crorepati MLAs increased to the highest ever, but politicians have also succeeded in adding to their assets.Out of the 117 MLAs who got popular mandate, 101 are either crorepatis or super-crorepatis (with assets worth Rs 50 crore and above).According to new data released by the association for democratic reforms (ADR), money power seems to have influenced the election results majorly. The data reveals that 37.7% of candidates who declared assets of Rs 5 crore and above won the elections and only 5.8% of the contestants with assets between Rs 20 lakh to Rs 1 crore won.There were 77 crorepati MLAs in the 2007 assembly. This time, most of the crorepati politicians are from Shiromani Akali Dal but the richest of them are from the Congress. The SAD has 47 crorepati MLAs, Congress has 41 and BJP, 10.Interestingly, all the three independent candidates who won the elections are also crorepatis.The average asset per MLA of Congress is highest with Rs 13.97 crore, followed by SAD with Rs 7.93 crore and BJP with Rs 4.68 crore.Leading the crorepati club in the House is Congress MLA from Muktsar -- Karan Kaur. Her total assets are of over Rs 128 crore. The next is SAD president and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal with total movable and immovable assets of Rs 90.86 crore.Incidentally, Karan may be the richest politician of Punjab but she is among the 12 MLAs who have not filed their income tax returns.The other super rich MLA include Kewal Singh Dhillon, Rana Gurjit Singh , Amarinder Singh and Arvind Khanna from Congress and Adeish Partap Singh Kairon from SAD and Navjot Kaur Sidhu, wife of Amritsar MP Navjot Sidhu, from BJP.Some of the richest candidates also have the highest liabilities, with Sukhbir right at the top of heap with total liabilities of Rs 31.77 crore. Other politicians with liabilities in crores of rupees include Rana Gurjit Singh, Kewal Singh Dhillon, Arvind Khanna, Ashwani Sekhri of Congress and Tota Singh, Deep Malhotra, and Adeish Partap Singh Kairon from SAD.The list of \"poor\" politicians in Punjab is headed by BJP's Seema Devi, whose total assets are of Rs 2.81 lakh only. Seema is followed by Chetan Singh Samaon of SAD, with assets of Rs 6.70 lakh. Other MLAs with assets in lakhs include BJP president Ashwani Sharma, Harpreet Singh , Gurtej Singh from SAD and Harchand Kaur and Gurcharan Singh of Congress.Richie Rich ClubKaran Kaur, Kewal Singh Dhillon, Rana Gurjit Singh, Amarinder Singh, Arvind Khanna (Cong)Sukhbir Badal, Adeish Partap Singh Kairon (SAD)Navjot Kaur Sidhu (BJP)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12227325", "title": "ISI behind Indian mission blast in Af: UK intel ex-chief", "text": "LONDON: The former head of Britain's Special Intelligence Service, Nigel Inkster, on Sunday categorically said Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) was behind the 2008 suicide bomb attack on the Indian embassy in Kabul , which killed 60 people.Inkster, speaking at a seminar that London School of Economics (LSE) , said the \"evidence of ISI's involvement in the bombing was clear cut\" . Inkster is a decorated espionage specialist. The seminar was on the BBC documentary, 'Secret Pakistan' , and its findings.While India has always suspected ISI's involvement in the bombing, Islamabad has denied any such hand. In 'Secret Pakistan' , US intelligence officer Mike Waltz had accused \"Pakistanis\" of being behind the attack. Waltz, now with the US vice-president's office, had said, \"Pakistanis were behind the Haqqani Network (which carried out the mission).\"Waltz stressed that he had seen American intelligence intercepts of exchanges between the ISI and the Haqqani Network on the subject.Inkster said the unit within ISI which routinely colluded with organisations like the Haqqani Network and Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) was a \"pretty big cell\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225257", "title": "Central Railway tracks to get fences by October", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) has begun erecting metal fences along tracks at stations on its suburban network to prevent accidents due to trespassing by commuters. A senior CR official said, \"The work is being carried out at 13 stations on the Main line between Kalyan and CST, 10 stations on the Harbour line between CST and Mankhurd, eight stations between Kalyan and Karjat and six between Kalyan and Kasara.\"The work will be carried out in phases and all the stations in the list are likely to be covered by October 2012. On the Main line, the fencing is expected to be completed by June 2012 between CST and Diva, while on section beyond Kalyan it will be finished before August. The fencing work on the Harbour line is expected to be completed by October 2012. Stations which have the most accident-prone spots have been selected for the fencing that are prone to have selected by identifying the spots most prone to accidents.TOI had reported in September 2011 that CR plans to begin this project as part of its measures to curb trespassing. The fence, which will have a height of 3m, will force errant commuters to take the FOBs instead of taking short-cuts by jumping on the tracks. The city's lifeline has ended up claiming more than 36,688 lives, besides injuring 36,152 people, in the past 10 years since 2002. Apart from providing steel fencing, CR also plans to construct a boundary wall within two years on the entire stretch from CST to Kalyan and Mankhurd to prevent trespassing and stone-throwing incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12226210", "title": "Alleged custodial death case: High court rejects CBI probe plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has rejected a woman's plea demanding CBI probe in her son's death in police lock-up in Kevadia. The court also did not consider her request to direct the government to pay Rs 5 lakh towards compensation for the custodial death.The petitioner, Jyotsnaben Machhi, had lodged an FIR against her son Prakash in the late evening of August 12, 2005, after he began harassing her in a drunken state. The Kevadia police in Narmada district reached her house and arrested Prakash. He was sent to hospital for medical check-up, wherein he tested positive for alcohol. He was lodged in police lock-up at 1.30 am, and by 2.15 am, he was found dead by apparently hanging himself with his shirt.A year later, Jyotsnaben moved HC claiming that her son had no criminal antecedent and there was no reason for him to commit suicide within a couple of hours of his arrest. Also, since injury marks were found on his body, her son's death must be a custodial death and not a suicide. The court should get the incident inquired by the central investigation agency and ask the state government to compensate her son's death with Rs 5 lakh because the latter died due to mental and physical torture, she claimed.On the other hand, the state government contended that as soon as the person was found de-ad, a panchnama was drawn and a magisterial inquiry took place, which ruled out the theory of torture. The post-mortem report too suggested that the death occurred due to asphyxia following hanging, and an FSL report also confirmed the cause of death.Justice G B Shah, who heard the case, rejected the plea after observing that police arrested Prakash on the basis of the complaint filed by the mother. Since police had not registered a case suo motu, there is no probability of police beating and torturing him. He was in a drunken state for most part of the fateful night. Moreover, the mother herself had stated that Prakash used to spend his time drinking and loitering with friends. The court felt it was a case of suicide and a CBI probe cannot be ordered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12226277", "title": "Be customer friendly: FM tells public sector banks", "text": "GURGAON: The Union finance minister, Pranab Mukherjee, who was in the city on Sunday, asked the public sector banks (PSBs) to be sensitive to customer needs since good customer service is the key to banks' growth and stability. He also said the financial institutions should put more focus on developing human capital to meet the future needs. He was addressing a function organized in the State bank of India Academy in Gurgaon on Sunday.Mukherjee said that the public sector banks (PSBs) should adopt a 3-D approach - be sensitive to customer needs, include electronic banking module so that the services to the customers are delivered speedily and a robust training strategy of their personnel. He said that the training strategy should be such that every employee from the officer to the grassroots level has access to good training facilities.He said that as customers are becoming more aware, banks would have to provide cost-effective services, burdening the customers as less as possible. He said that customer retention would be a challenge for PSBs.The Indian banking sector is still dominated by state-owned banks but the share of the PSBs in total banking assets has come down significantly because of significant increase in the number of private banks, he said.He said that manpower policy planning and human resource are the key factors for a PSB. He said that a large number of bank officers were retiring in next few years which include 80% general managers, 65% deputy GMs, 58% assistant GMs and 44% chief managers. To replace this specialized force, trained in traditional banking, would also be a challenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12227382", "title": "Eye in sky: China set to launch 100 satellites by 2015", "text": "BEIJING: China has unrolled a plan to fill the sky with its satellites, launching a total of 100 by 2015. It will also carry out the first manned space rendezvous with the Shenzhou-9 spacecraft this year.\"The densely arranged launch missions and flight tests have posed an unprecedented challenge to the country's space programme,\" Zhang Jianheng, deputy general manager of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corp said.The plan is to stay ahead of the United States launching an average of 20 satellites a year. China crossed the US tally of 18 satellite launches in 2011 by sending out 20 of them last year.But Russia continued to lead the world by launching 36 satellites in 2011.China has an ambitious plan of launching 30 satellites in 2012, Zhang told reporters on the sidelines of the ongoing session of the Chinese parliament, where he is a legislator.China conducted its first space docking experiment last year to build a space station of its own by 2020.The new space missions included launching the third lunar probe, Chang'e-3 next year and conduct a moon landing and lunar explorations.China launched the Change-1 in 2007 and the Chang'e-2 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12226341", "title": "Akhilesh reassures veterans, reins in youth brigade", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after he was named the youngest chief minister of UP, Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday sent out a reassuring message to SP veterans by 'officially' appointing old loyalist Rajendra Chaudhary as the party's spokesperson. He also sent a strong signal to SP's youth brigade, issuing a showcause notice to Rajeev Rai, a key member of his team, for going overboard while interacting with the media.This is the first time that SP has issued an official statement for the nomination of its spokesperson. The order, circulated to all party office-bearers, clearly stated \"only Chaudhary would be the official spokesperson\" and \"no one else in the party should make any statement on behalf of the SP\". The order firmly established Chaudhary's position as a spokesperson.The move is perceived as an effort check party leaders who often issue statements creating controversies.Akhilesh also acted on complaints against Rai by party workers and reporters after consulting a couple of SP seniors and his close aides. There were allegations that Rai's conduct was not in line with party ethics and that it sent out a wrong message.SP to ban rampant use of party flagsLUCKNOW: Facing criticism for widespread violence and hooliganism attributed to the cadre after the victory, the Samajwadi Party is all set to issue an internal order banning use of party flags on vehicles. The order, to be issued by the party general secretary and MP Ram Gopal Yadav, will also propose a ban on hoardings congratulating Akhilesh Yadav for becoming the chief minister. According to the order, only office-bearers above the district secretaries level apart from MLAs and MPs are entitled to use the party flag on their vehicles. The order says that anyone using the flag without being authorized will have to face relevant penal action.Besides, there were also reports that some tainted individuals had put up hoardings all over the state congratulating Akhilesh, so the party has decided ban all such hoardings.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12226583", "title": "SIT wants captain of Prabhu Daya in custody", "text": "KOCHI: Special investigation team (SIT) will oppose the anticipatory bail application filed by Captain Gordon Charles Pereira before the Madras High Court on Monday. SIT wants to arrest Pereira, captain of M V Prabhu Daya that collided with a fishing boat off Alappuzha coast killing five Indian fishermen.State director general of prosecution (DGP) T Asaf Ali and SIT head Ernakulam range IG K Padmakumar will move the Madras High Court when the anticipatory bail of Pereira will come up for hearing on Monday. DGP will appear before the court in person and SIT will implead in the bail application and oppose it because an anticipatory bail to the captain will adversely affect their investigation.\"Captain Pereira is the third accused in this case. We want his custodial interrogation to collect certain important inputs in connection with the probe,\" said SIT officials. SIT also needs to ascertain his role after K E Sugathan - father of ship's second officer Prashobh - filed a compliant that his son did not try to commit suicide but was thrown off the ship. Prashobh is currently undergoing treatment at a hospital near Colombo after he was rescued by the Sri Lankan Navy.Officials said the state government would also submit before the court that SIT should be allowed to take the ship to Kochi and it should not be released without SIT's approval. \"We want the custody of this ship in connection with the case registered at Ambalappuzha police station. Voyage data recorder (VDR) of the ship will be thoroughly tested,\" officials said.Meanwhile, efforts are also on to bring Prashobh Sugathan to Kerala for detailed questioning.Kochi: To arrest the captain of the vessel M V Prabhu Daya, which collided with a fishing boat off Alappuzha coast killing five Indian fishermen, special investigation team (SIT) will oppose the anticipatory bail application filed by Captain Gordon Charles Pereira before the Madras High Court.State Director General of Prosecutions (DGP) Asif Ali and SIT head Ernakulam range IG K Padmakumar will move the Madras High Court when the anticipatory bail of the Captain will come up for hearing on Monday.The DGP will represent the case in person at the Madras High Court when the application will be taken up for hearing. The SIT will implead in the bail application and oppose it as giving anticipatory bail to the Captain will adversely affect the investigation of the case.\"The Captain is the third accused in the case. We want custodial interrogation of him to collect certain important inputs in connection with the probe,\" said officials in the SIT.The SIT also needs to ascertain the role of the Captain in the complaint lodged by the father of ship's second officer Prasobh Sugathan, who contended that his son did not tried to commit suicide by jumping into sea as alleged but instead he was thrown into sea from the ship.Prasobh is currently undergoing treatment at a hospital near Colombo after he was rescued by Sri Lankan Navy from the sea.Officials said that the state government would also submit before the Madras High Court that the SIT should be allowed to take the ship to Kochi and it should not be released without the approval of the SIT.\"We want the custody of the ship in connection with the case registered at Ambalapuzha police station. Even though the ship files a surety of Rs three crore before the Madras High Court, it should not be allowed to move unless the SIT gives an approval,\" the officials said.They added that the Voyage Data Recorder (VDR) of the ship will be subjected to thorough testing. Meanwhile, efforts are also on to bring Prasobh Sugathan to Kerala for detailed questioning in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12227449", "title": "Board examinees keep psychological centre busy", "text": "KANPUR: The number of calls in the district helplines set up by the divisional psychological centre (DPC) have gone up as the CBSE and ICSE board examination are in progress and UP Board examinations about to begin. The DPC and other private helplines are receiving more than 200 calls per day from students and their parents to seek counselling.Talking about the questions asked by the students before and during the examinations, DPC head LK Singh said: \"Before exams, majority of the calls pertain to general information. Later, the topics of calls change to writing tips and preparing a particular subject better.\"A large number of calls are also being made by the students who are anxious about their performance in the pre-board exams. The behavioural experts informed that most of the students were depressed and fear that they will not be able to write well and score good marks. The fear psychosis was so high that most of them believed that they will fail.\"One student said that he is extremely scared that he will fail and thus wants to drop the examinations. The fact that he had scored 85 per cent marks in prelim exams did not matter to him. He was under extreme pressure,\" said Vineeta Tripathi, another psychologist.Giving brief descriptions of questions which are frequently being asked by the students, SP Singh, assistant psychologist at DPC, said that a student of Kendriya Vidyalaya called up to ask whether she should drop the other exams as she had not performed well in physics and biology papers. She was told not to lose heart and try to concentrate on other subjects.A student of SR Public School, had written a wrong index number on her paper. She was worried about her mistake. She was asked to communicate her problem to the school principal.A student from Kendriya Vidyalaya asked what he should do as his preparation was not complete. He was told to have confidence in himself and revise whatever he had studied, keeping a cool head. A girl asked whether she should study for the entire night and carry her books to the examination hall.Some very simple questions like to use pen or pencil while making graphs and diagrams and whether a particular section can be attempted first in the examination were also asked.Helpline numbersOne can call from 10 am to 10 pm in various helpline numbers of divisional psychological centre (DPC). The contact Numbers are 9415948872 (LK Singh), 9452962211 (SP Singh) and 9839079156 (Vinita Tripathi).All the counsellors are always available at the divisional psychological centre in Chunniganj from 10 am to 5 pm.Frequently asked questionsSeeking tips for time planning in exam hallsAbout the way and proper pattern of answering the question paperTo inquire about the use of textbook or supplementary materialTo get tips to enhance concentrationTo sort out problems due to loss of memoryMost of the students are seeking help for lack of confidenceTo seek tips to score better percentageQuestions like which chapter should be prepared firstIn mathematics, is it advisable to practice sums from practice book textbook illustrationsInner fear about board exam and squadHow do I tackle forgetfulness", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12228133", "title": "Parulekar booked for misuse of funds", "text": "INDORE: The special police establishment of Madhya Pradesh Lokayukta, in Ujjain have booked the Congress MLA Dr Kalpana Parulekar along with several others in two different cases of financial irregularities on Sunday. She is the sitting MLA from Mahidpu.DSP Lokayukta, Ujjain, O P Sagoria said that Parulekar, along with others, has been booked under section 13(1)(D), 13 (2) of PC Act in one case while u/s 109 and 120 (B) of IPC in another case.In the first case, she released Rs 3.85 lakh from the MLA fund to establish 40 solar energy street lights at public places but they were put up at the MLA's land. The proposal was cleared by executive engineer of the Energy Development Corporation Alok Vyas.Later, an ex-MLA Bahadur Singh Chauhan and one Rajmal Kumawat had complained that Parulekar has installed these equipment at her land in 2010 instead of public places. The district collector ordered SDM Mahidpur to conduct an enquiry in which the complaints were found to be correct. The SDM found that eight lamps were installed at public places and 28 lamps were installed at the MLA's land.Lokayukta police have booked Kalpana Parulekar, HC Gupta and Alok Vyas.In the other case, Kumawat complained that Rs 4 lakh including Rs 1 lakh from her constituency development fund and Rs 3 lakh from the government fund were issued for road construction. But it is found that maximum fund was used to construct concrete roads on her and her brother, Sudhakar Rao Parulekar's land.Lokayukta police also registered case against officials and members of district panchayat, Ujjain, CEO Janpad panchayat Mahidpur, Gowardhanlal Malwiya, assistant engineer BK Bagol, Hiren Malwiya and Gangaram Kaleria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12226939", "title": "22 MLAs with pending criminal cases", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If the brand new Punjab assembly has rich in hordes, there is also no dearth of history-sheeters.As per the data released by the Association for Democratic Reforms, an election watchdog, as many as 22 politicians, who have been sent to the House, have criminal cases pending against them and the list of charges include from murder, kidnapping to extortion.Of these 22, eight are facing serious criminal charges.The Congress has 11 out of the 46 MLAs with criminal cases pending against them and the Shiromani Akali Dal has nine such MLAs out of the total 56 with criminal records.In 2007, the SAD had 12 MLAs and Congress had seven MLAs with criminal records.However, the list of criminals is headed by Simranjit Singh Bains, an independent from Atam Nagar in Ludhiana.Bains is facing six criminal cases with 22 sections of the IPC slapped against him for attempt to murder, criminal intimidation, theft, rioting, armed with deadly weapons etc.He is followed by SAD's Bibi Jagir Kaur, who is facing charges of murder and wrongful confinement.Others who find mention in the list of top politicians with criminal records include deputy CM Sukhbir Badal, and former chief minister Amarinder Singh .Balbir Singh Sidhu, who won from Mohali on a Congress ticket, is also facing murder and attempt to murder charges.Others in the list include Jeet Mohinder Singh Sidhu, Sukhbinder Singh, Joginder from Congress and Sarup Chand Singla from the SAD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "12227074", "title": "Will Mamata's antics lead to funds for Bengal?", "text": "KOLKATA/NEW DELHI: Hectic behind-the-scene parleys by the Congress high command to placate TMC chief Mamata Banerjee over the last two days is being seen as the reason for her opting out of the swearing-in ceremonies in UP and Punjab and sending her tourism minister Rachpal Singh to Chandigarh and Lok Sabha MP Sultan Ahmed to Lucknow.It now remains to be seen how far a visibly emasculated UPA will go to keep its all-important ally happy. Mamata will see whether the Centre's assurances will translate into money for cash-strapped West Bengal. A senior TMC leader said, \"March 14 is Nandigram diwas and the next day is the governor's address. However, these programmes were known for long. By accepting the invitations, she strategically positioned herself. She was proved right: it sent Congress into a tizzy.\" Sources said she has entrusted the task of handling the confabulations to two trusted lieutenants, Mukul Roy and Derek O'Brien.The confusion in Congress over Mamata's initial plans could be gauged from what senior Congress leaders said in New Delhi. Congress's Abhishek Manu Singhvi said, \"Social interaction with strangers by those in partnerships is permissible, but, obviously, if things go beyond the normal boundaries, it would become immoral.\" Mamata has repeatedly blamed the Centre for doing little for West Bengal in spite of assurances from the PM as well as Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12227425", "title": "LSD may help alcoholics give up drinking, says study", "text": "WASHINGTON: The mind-altering hallucinogenic drug LSD could help alcoholics give up drinking, a new study has claimed.Researchers in Norway, who analysed six previous studies of alcoholism treatment performed in the 1960s, found that LSD (lysergic acid diethylamide) had a \"significant beneficial effect\" on alcohol abuse, which lasted several months after the drug was taken. One of the most powerful hallucinogens ever identified, the drug appears to work by blocking a chemical in the brain called serotonin that controls functions like perception, behaviour, hunger and mood.In the studies, which involved over 530 heavy drinkers and published in the Journal of Psychopharmacology, two-thirds of the alcoholic were given LSD while others given comparison treatments . It was found that 59% of the LSD users avoided relapsing into alcohol abuse, compared with 38% of the others. This effect was maintained six months after taking the hallucinogen, but it disappeared after a year.Those taking LSD also reported higher levels of abstinence, the researchers said.\"LSD worked in an entirely different way than any current psychiatric drugs,\" study author Teri Krebs of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology was quoted as saying by LiveScience . \"Many patients said they had gained a new appreciation for their alcohol problem and new motivation to address it.\"\"Alcoholism is serious and often deadly. We need new treatment options,\" co-researcher Pal-Orjan Johansen said, suggesting that given the evidence for a beneficial effect of the drug, \"it is puzzling why this treatment approach has been largely overlooked\".Richard Ries, an addiction psychiatrist at the University of Washington Department of Psychiatry cautioned that little is known about LSD's effects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12227958", "title": "Court slams woman for alleging hubby intimate with mom", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman,wholevels an unsubstantiated \"disgusting accusation\" that her husband had an illicit relationship with his own mother, cannot seek cancellation of divorce, as her allegations amount to cruelty, the Madras high court has said.A division bench of Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, dismissing the appeal of P Nirmala recently, said : \"The disgusting accusation made by the wife that the husband is having an illicit relationship with his mother, and further accused her father-in-law of leading an adulterous life, are nothing but a serious assault on the character, honour, reputation and status of not only her husband but also her father-inlaw.\"As for her appeal against thefamily courtorder granting divorce to her husband, the judges said : \"Not proving such allegations against them, but yet resisting divorce proceedings would mean a resolve to live in mental turmoil only to make the life miserable to both parties.\"K Muruguselvam married Nirmala in October 1999 and they had a girl child in October 2000. In 2002, he moved the family court seeking divorce on the grounds of cruelty.In May 2008, the additional family court-I here granted him divorce after recording the fact that she had \"seriously alleged that her husband was having illicit intimacy with his own mother and that her father-in-law led an adulterous life\". Noting that the unproved allegations amounted to cruelty to Muruguselvam, he granted divorce on the ground of cruelty. The present appeal was preferred by Nirmala.Dismissing the appeal, the bench said Nirmala had not substantiated her allegations against her husband andfather-in-law andthat the family court had \"rightly weighed and assessed the oral and documentary evidence available on record in a proper manner and has come to the right conclusion that the wife has committed an act of cruelty ...Itwarrants nointerference in thehandsof thiscourt.\"As for the maintenance, the bench directed the husband to pay Rs 750 each as monthly maintenance to the wife and daughter, besides Rs 1 lakh each as permanent maintenance as full and final settlement \"keeping in mind equity, fair play and goodconscience\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225348", "title": "Balancing act for Ajit Pawar on March 26", "text": "MUMBAI: The state budget on March 26 will be a tightrope walk for deputy chief minister and state finance minister Ajit Pawar.The undesired outcome for the Congress and the NCP in the civic polls in Mumbai and some other areas is expected to have an impact on the fiscal exercise.Senior state officials said they don't expect the minister to unveil a \"harsh\" budget because sweeping reforms and overhaul measures could anger the middle class, a risk that the Congress and the NCP would be unwilling to take considering that the assembly and parliamentary elections are only two years away.After setbacks suffered during civic elections, the Democratic Front alliance, said observers, would be keen to gain lost ground.On the other hand, Pawar will also face difficulties in adding a lot of \"feel good\" factors to his budget. Most revenue sources, including excise, stamp duty and registration and vehicle receipts, are expected to either miss the targets set at the beginning of the fiscal year or just about make it.Another major source of revenue - devolutions released by the central government - are expected to miss their target on account of inflationary pressure. The state had estimated Rs 13,000 crore or so to come from central devolutions. However, officials said that this could fall short by Rs 1,800 crore. Irrigation and infrastructure projects partly or entirely funded by the Centre are expected to take a major hit on account of this shortfall.The only solace for the state government is the revenue collected by the sales tax department, which is expected to stay over 18-20% above the set target. With industry experts not predicting the inflationary pressure to ease completely in the next fiscaland stretched financial resources, officials said that announcing a whole lot of populist measures will be an uphill task for the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12226994", "title": "No let up in combing ops till by-poll is over", "text": "MANGALORE: There will be no let-up in combing operations launched by the Anti Naxal Force (ANF) against Naxalites at least till the polling for Udupi-Chikmagalur parliamentary by-election gets over on March 18. At the same time, police units in Chikmagalur, Udupi and Dakshina Kannada have drawn up security measures, which factors ANF's gun battle with the Naxalites at Bolle forest in Mitthabagilu on Saturday, into their election bandobast.Inspector general of police (state intelligence) Gopal B Hosur told TOI that ANF would step up combing in all the three districts, especially after they spotted the Naxalites and exchanged fire with them. \"This process will go on till the elections are over. The security apparatus in the three districts will work in tandem to ensure that the polling is incident-free.The bandobast in Naxal-affected booths will be fool proof,\" he said.Chikmagalur SP Shashi Kumar N and Udupi SP MB Boralingaiah told TOI that in the two districts, there were 77 naxal-affected booths. Of the 77booths 46 are in Chikmagalur and rest in Udupi. \"A platoon of central paramilitary force will guard each of the 46 booths. There will be KSRP, DAR, Home Guards on bandobast duties. We are working the finer details,\" they said. Both Boralingaiah and Shashi Kumar added they were \"fully prepared\".Pratap Reddy, inspector general of police (Western Range) said the Mitthabagilu incident would not have a bearing on the poll process, and the security arrangements have been planned taking into account all possible scenarios including Naxal violence. Abhishek Goyal, SP, Dakshina Kannada said the district police and ANF would work to ensure that the Naxalites were not given a free hand. This is the first major spotting of Naxalites in DK district. Police two years ago had recovered literature supporting the Left-winged extremist movement at a bus stop in the region where Saturday's incident took place.Mitthabagilu is identified by the government for special development package as they are categorised with strong presence of Naxalites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12233961", "title": "Star kids to make a splash!", "text": "For every Hrithik Roshan who made it big, there's a star son or daughter who couldn't climb the ladder to success. Nevertheless, there are enough star sons and daughters who try and make their mark in the world of Bollywood every year. We take a look at some, who may or may not end up becoming your screen idols in the near future.Arjun Kapoor: Boney Kapoor's son Arjun Kapoor will soon be seen in the film Ishaqzaade. He has worked as an assistant director on films like Kal Ho Naa Ho and Salaam-E-Ishq and has co-produced the superhit Wanted.Karan Deol: For quite some time now, there has been talk of Sunny Deol launching his son Karan Deol. Rumours have been doing the rounds that he will be launched in Betaab 2 but there has been official word about this.Narmada Ahuja: Govinda's daughter's debut in Bollywood has so far been jinxed, with endless delays. But for now, looks like she won't have to wait long as she is all set to make a big splash with Vinod Khanna's nephew Akhil Kapoor in the film Tutak Tootak Tutiyan.Tiger Shroff: Jackie Shroff's son has had the spotlight fixed on him since long. Earlier there was buzz that Subhash Ghai might launch him but now, it looks like none other than Aamir Khan might be doing the honours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225911", "title": "The lethal network", "text": "MUMBAI: On the seventh floor office of Everest Building on Chowringhee, employees of Superintendent Co. of India have been frequently reporting sick for the past three to four years. They suffer nagging headaches, feel dizzy and are always tired. \"Perhaps I am advancing in age,\" wondered senior engineer M K Datta. \"Is it bad vaastu?\" asks surveyor Milan Adhikari about the office located in the southern part of the highrise offering a view of the city skyline in the south but through a maze of antennas fitted on a cellphone tower atop the roof of the adjoining five-storied office building.Beyond Manicktala along APC Road, the Seth family (pic above) has been afflicted with similar ailments. Ever since they shifted from the first to fourth floor, they've been ill. Parents Madhulika and Prabhakar are particularly worried about 4-year-old Rajiv and 8-year-old Sneha. The Class III Pratt Memorial student complains of headache every morning. \"I feel drowsy in class and it's difficult to concentrate,\" said Sneha. Her brother, who studies in kindergarten at St James, is irritable. The family physician diagnosed it as sleep deficiency. But the children are in bed by 9.30pm and in the stillness of night, the only sound audible is the buzz from the roof, where the power room feeds a cellphone tower.What the staff on the seventh floor office in Everest Building or the family on the fourth floor of 142 B, APC Road are unaware of is the high electromagnetic radiation around them. At both places, the electromagnetic radiation detector (Detex-189) recorded radiation of over 10,000 micro watt/sq m or 0.01 watt/sq m, a level categorized extremely unsafe by Germany's Bio Initiative Working Group 2007 that carried out extensive research on health effects of electromagnetic microwaves.Any radiation level between 100 and 1,000 micro watt is of severe concern and that above 1,000 micro watt is of extreme concern. Constant exposure to such levels will trigger health issues in 2 to 3 years. \"Radiation affects areas of the body where fluid movement is less, like eyes, brain, joints, heart and abdomen. Localized heating in the body causes boils, drying up of fluids around eyes, brain, joints, heart and abdomen. There can be neuro-psychiatric problems like headache, memory loss, nausea, dizziness, tremors, muscle spasms, numbness, altered reflexes, muscle and joint paint, leg/foot pain, depression , and sleep disturbance,\" says Chittaranjan National Cancer Institute (CNCI) director Jaydip Biswas.In Kolkata, most cell sites emit radiation of nearly 100 watts. The government argues it has adopted the guideline of 9.2 watt/sq m set by International Convention for Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection as a safe limit. What it does not mention is that the norm is for exposure to radiation for 6 minutes a day.\"Also, for every 6-minute exposure, there is a 23-hour-54-minute cooling period. When exposure is for 24 hours, there is no time for the body to cool. Plain logic says it will cause immense harm,\" pointed out IIT Bombay professor Girish Kumar, who has been studying effects of non-ionizing radiation for a decade. People living within 50 to 300 m of a cell tower antenna are more prone to ill effects of electromagnetic radiation. With 5,000-odd antennas in the city, lakhs of people are at high risk.Kumar, along with IIT-Kharagpur professors Sujoy K Guha and Sudarsan Neogi, had done a pilot study commissioned by the state environment department. At six of the seven tower sites where readings were taken, the figure was over 10,000 micro watt. Though environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar promised more action, no steps have been taken thereafter.Yet, case studies in Mumbai sent alarm bells ringing there. In Usha Kiran building on Carmichael Road, situated opposite Vijay Apartments that has cellphone towers on its terrace, six cancer cases were reported from 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th and 10th floors apartments that face the towers. The finding has led to an outcry with landlords even refusing to renew contracts for cell towers.The environment directorate in Chennai and civic body in Patna have woken up to the threat. Last week, a division bench of Rajasthan high court issued a showcause notice to 13 cellular firms besides central and state authorities on the issue of health hazards being caused by high frequency radiations emitted by mobile towers. The court order followed a PIL filed by a retired judge of Rajasthan HC, Justice I S Israni, and others.Jadavpur University electronics department reader Sudhabindu Roy, who has done a PhD on the subject from IIT Bombay, says there is an urgent need to map microwave radiation hazard in the city. \"The government should also set up a non-ionizing radiation hazard board,\" he suggests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229961", "title": "Is Ranbir ignoring Nargis?", "text": "Around the time of the release of Imtiaz Ali's Rockstar, there were endless rumours of an affair between Ranbir and Nargis. It was even rumoured that the Kapoor scion dumped Katrina for Nargis and that the leading lady was friendly with the Kapoor parivar, especially Ranbir's mother Neetu just like how Katrina was when they were together.And now when Ranbir is winning awards after awards for his performance in Rockstar, strangely enough, the American model turned actress who was always seen with the actor for promotional activities, has completely disappeared from the scene. Neither is she getting any credit for Rockstar'scritical acclaim, nor is she having any movie in hand. This, despite the fact that Ranbir has been praising her acting skills just before the film's release. Now the rumours suggest that Ranbir and Nargis are not in touch. In fact, industry insiders say that Ranbir has stopped answering her calls. Is it because Ranbir has got too busy, or is it that the rumours of Ranbir and Katrina giving their relationship another chance true? Only time can tell. But one thing is sure; strange are the ways of the glamour business. Here relationship equations change by the minute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12227593", "title": "Police building corporation to prepare land database for state govt", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Police Building Construction Corporation (BPBCC) has been asked to undertake a survey and prepare a database of vacant and encroached land belonging to the home department.Announcing this at a panel discussion on the second and concluding of the All India Police Housing Conference here on Sunday, principal secretary, home department, Amir Subhani said the government would fund the survey as part of its real estate management and planning. The state government has so far no record of such land belonging to police, jail, fire services or homeguards under the home department, he said, adding that once the database was ready, the government would ask the BPBCC to give proposals for developing those plots.Participating in the panel discussion on state funding and police housing, equitable distribution of funds under the modernization of police forces (MPF) scheme of the central government, police housing colonies on government land and a need for a uniform housing policy for police, vigilance commissioner, central vigilance commission (CVC), New Delhi, R Sri Kumar said the state police housing corporations' CMDs should operate like the CEO of a corporate body. \"We should not be dependent on government grants. Instead, the police housing corporations should devise ways, including equity participation, to sustain and grow as a profit-making body,\" he said, pleading for the formation of an apex body at the national level to coordinate with the state police housing bodies.DG-cum-CMD of BPBCC A K Gupta said all the CMDs should create a network so that they could share plans and developments in their respective states.ADG, law and order, Bihar, SK Bhardwaj said the state police housing corporations should have sufficient corpus fund to avoid delay in completing projects.Delegates from Karnataka, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu , Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh , Punjab, Chhattisgarh and Uttar Pradesh wanted central funds to be granted directly to the state police housing bodies to avoid delay in the execution of projects.Earlier, BPBCC's senior design consultant B N Jha and chairman of Indian Institute of Architect (Bihar and Jharkhand ) Dhananjay Kumar made presentations on safe buildings in seismic zones and bunkers in Maoist-hit areas. Uttar Pradesh will host the next police housing conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225553", "title": "Will 1993 serial blasts accused ever be held?", "text": "MUMBAI: Security agencies are wondering if the main conspirators of the March 12, 1993, serial bomb blasts, like Dawood Ibrahim, Tiger Memon and Mohammed Dossa, will ever be arrested or tried, on the eve of the 19th anniversary.Despite Interpol alerts and red corner notices issued against them, the gangsters have slipped away from the intelligence agencies as most have procured fake identities in other countries.While Dawood Ibrahim Kaskar has made three Pakistani passports in three names (Dawood Hassan, Shaikh Hassan and Ibrahim Shaikh alias Seth), his brother Anees has a Pakistani passport under the name of Sayyed Anis Shaikh, and Anwar Babu alias Chhota Shakeel is known as Sayyed Anwar, a resident of Karachi in Pakistan. The other main accused, Ibrahim Mustaq alias Tiger Memon, is also a resident of Karachi and is known as Nadeem Memon.Last week, external affairs ministry officials had to fight hard to convince the Thai authorities that Shakeel's aide, Muddasir alias Munna Jhingada, was an Indian national, to counter Pakistan's claim that the accused in a Bangkok jail was Mohammed Salim , from their country. The Pakistani authorities had even produced a fake passport to stake their claim, sources said.All these accused have played key roles but fled the country just before or after the blasts and have since then evaded arrest. In 2008, a special TADA court convicted around 100 out of 127 accused arrested in the case.Sources said Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) was the brain behind the serial blasts and that it was the first time the ISI used the underworld.On March 12, 1993, following the demolition of the Babri Masjid , Dawood Ibrahim, a petty criminal, in connivance with the ISI, carried out serial bomb blasts at 13 places in Mumbai. The fishermen's colony at Mahim Causeway, Bombay Stock Exchange , Zaveri Bazar, Plaza Cinema in Dadar, Century Bazaar in Worli, Hotel Sea Rock, Sahar Airport, Air India building, Hotel Juhu Centaur and a petrol pump opposite the Sena Bhavan were some of the targets.Sameer Patil, one of the victim's relatives said, \"What is the use even if Dawood and the others are deported or arrested, the agency does not have enough evidence to nail them as the case is 20 years old.\" Many others feel the main conspirators will never be nailed as an ISI-backed Pakistan has given shelter to the criminals.The victims are equally angry with the Portuguese government for giving special protection to blast accused Abu Salem. The Portuguese authorities, who had handed over Salem's custody to India on certain conditions, had recently told the government to drop stringent sections like murder and MCOCA, added Patil. Dawood's brother Noora died in Pakistan a few years ago, while Ezaz Pathan died during the trial and some members of the Tiger Memon family were acquitted.Activists will light candles outside blast sites to mark the anniversary on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12228119", "title": "Indore: Citizens say no to unplanned expansion", "text": "INDORE: Citizens of the city have objected the proposed expansion of the municipal limit saying that if corrective measures were not taken now, then Indore will be turned into a slum city, wherein around 70% of the population will reside in slums ten years from now. Experts suggest giving way to high rise building or developing satellite townships around Indore for better development.Civic experts called on a forum by Vikas Mitra Drishti 2050 to discuss the proposed expansion of city limit on Sunday objected to the notification to include 29 villages in municipal limit in unison and are now gearing up to challenge the process.Former city engineer of Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) and secretary of Centre for Environment Protection Research &amp; Development (CEPRD), Narendra Surana questioned the need to expand the city limit.\"Earlier expansion of city limit was related to revenue, when there was Octroi. Now expanding city limit means putting additional burden on the municipal body,\" said Surana adding that civic body has not able to provide civic amenities to its existing areas, expansion of city limit will further deteriorate the infrastructure of the city.Surana suggested allowing high rise buildings in the city so that more and more people can reside in city without creating any additional infrastructure. \"Indore is not on earthquake zone, so I don't understand why they don't allow high rise. Under the existing rule around 70 per cent of the areas in colonies are open areas. This has expanded the areas of city creating need for costly public transport like BRTS, tram, metro etc and roads,\" said Surana adding that every big city has high rise buildings of 50 and more floors, why can't it happen in Indore.Prof Sandeep Narulkar of SGSITS believes that developing satellite townships like Ratlam, Pithampur, Ujjain, Mhow etc with better connectivity is the best way of urban development. \"City cannot survive without water. Indore does not have enough water, even today we are importing water from Narmada at a huge cost. Instead of spending money on importing water we can develop satellite townships near water bodies,\" said Narulkar adding that people want to live in peaceful atmosphere and they won't mind travelling 20km to 30 km if there is good transportation system.However, Kishore Kodwani of Vikas Mitra Drishti 2050 fears that mistake of not including all 90 villages as per the mater plan of 2012 may affect the future development of the city, as civic body will be handicapped at the time receiving fund for urban development.In unisonPeople say that if corrective measures are not taken now, Indore will be turned into a slumExperts suggest giving way to high rise building or developing satellite townships around the city for better developmentFormer IMC engineer and secretary of CEPRD Narendra Surana questions the need to expand city limitProf Sandeep Narulkar of SGSITS believes that developing satellite townships like Ratlam, Pithampur, Ujjain and Mhow with better connectivity is the best way of urban development", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12226472", "title": "Regional Plan 2021 hearings must be resumed, says Goa Bachao Abhiyan", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Bachao Abhiyan has expressed hope that the new government will complete the process of hearing the village panchayats on the crucial issue of correcting the Regional Plan (RP) 2021. The GBA has already sought an appointment with the government to discuss the issue.In a press release, the GBA stated that \"hearings towards the correction of the Regional Plan 2021 had commenced and 14 panchayats were heard before the process was stalled due to the election. The GBA expects the government to respond to this critical issue by completing the process of hearings in a transparent manner\".The GBA pointed out that most panchayats leaned toward pointing out errors and correction for protection of eco-zones, while 90% of 3,000- odd individual suggestions asked for conversion of their personal plots to settlement regardless of eco zones. \"In view of this, it is critical to have a clear process of conducting hearings and the guidelines for processing suggestions. The 73rd and 74th amendments need to be legally bound into state planning acts before revisiting the regional plan. Without due process and clear guidelines for people's participation no future plan is safe from vested interests,\" the GBA stated.The GBA reminded that it has been monitoring the process of preparing the RP 2021 over the last five years and demanded two months of public viewing and error correction of the final plans.It reminded that special gram sabhas were held between November and December 2011 in view of revisiting the plans. The voice of the people was made clear when an overwhelming 155 of 189 panchayats responded with requests for corrections while only 10 asked for scrapping the plan.\"The GBA respects the power of collective wisdom as was made clear in the documented response for corrections towards the RP2021, as well as in its mandate for a new government shortly thereafter,\" the GBA stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12233953", "title": "Matt Damon for President!", "text": "The world's obsession with actors as politicians continues....Left-wing filmmaker and author Michael Moore was recently quoted saying, \"When you run someone who is popular, you win. Sometimes even when you run an actor, you win.\" Moore's words were referring to Hollywood actor Matt Damon , or shall we say, Matt \"Bourne Identity\" Damon. Moore wants Damon to run for President. And why not? By penning Oscar winning scripts such as \"Goodwill Hunting\", Damon has proved he is not just a pretty face. In fact, he has been equally vocal about his political commitments by supporting the leftist Working Families Party , and has also publicly made a statement that Obama \"mishandled his mandate.\"This is certainly not the first time a celebrity would be running for office. There was Ronald Reagon who became President, Arnold Schwarzenegger who was Governer of California and Clint Eastwood who joined the Republican Party among many other such stars. However, Moore has not hidden the fact that Damon is ready for the job since he poses both the brains and the beefcake body. Already Damon's fans are setting up social networking pages in his honour and arguing his case by saying, \"He's a smart guy too. Unlike some idiot actors, he wrote his own breakthrough script, \"Goodwill Hunting\", which won nine Oscars. He's the man for the job!\"And Damon isn't the first Hollywood celeb to be pressurized to run for President. Here's a list of more Celeb could-have-been-Presidents/Prime Ministers:George Clooney: Maybe because he looks awesome in a suit (or because his ex-girlfriend Elisabetta Canalis did seem like the perfect first lady) or because he is more than vocal when it comes to his politics - Clooney has never been out of the running for President when it comes to his fans and the media. Clooney did dash our hopes when he said in an interview that he had slept with too many girls and done too many drugs to run for President, but there are still articles that pop up time and again announcing, \"Clooney for President in 2012?\", along with several fan pages online.Oprah Winfrey: When Winfrey ended her day-time chat show, there were lengthy editorials penned down on how she will now foray into politics but of what kind. Obama's cabinet? Maybe. An ambassador? Too small-time. President? Oh yes. In the past, Oprah has had to issue a cease and desist against a fan who was running a campaign for presidential bid on her behalf!Hugh Grant: As his online fan page proudly announces, \"We've all seen \"Love Actually\". Having this man in power would be AMAZING, I mean look at those dance skills.\" Grant played Prime Minister in \"Love Actually\" and ever since he created a fervour that caused 1,800 Britons to vote for him to replace premiere Tony Blair in a survey.Charlie Sheen: In an apocalyptic USA may be, but even so in a survey the liberals said that they would prefer Sheen over Alskan Governer Sarah Palin and republicans voted for Sheen over Obama. Each party said they would rather have Sheen rule USA than the leader of the opposite parties. In fact most people think Sheen running for office would be a 'good' idea because he is not hypocritical about his lifestyle like other politicians, he openly declares his love for all things hallucinogenic and prostitutes. Sheen himself is all for it, he said in an interview, \"Is that the craziest (expletive) idea ever?. For starters, I was (expletive) born here, how about that? And I got proof ! Nothing photoshopped about my birth certificate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh/hisar", "code": "12227254", "title": "Jat leaders\u2019 release fails to halt stir", "text": "CHANDIGARH/HISAR: The Hooda government on Sunday ordered the release of Jat leaders agitating for OBC status and reservation in government jobs but the gesture did not placate the protesters, who refused to withdraw the stir and continued to block rail tracks at Mayyar village.This has come as rude jolt to the Haryana government which had announced on Saturday that the stir has been called off after the meeting of its emissaries with khap leaders. The All India Jat Aarkashan Sangharsh Samiti (AIJASS) has convened a meeting on Monday morning to decide their next course of action.with this the government's attempt to clear the rail lines to restore traffic on Rewari-Hisar route has come a cropper. AIJASS state president Dharam Pal Chhot admitted that agitators have refused to withdraw the stir. \"We cannot annoy those sitting on the rail tracks,'' Chhot said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12227878", "title": "Self-help groups get a permanent facility", "text": "PUNE: Below poverty line (BPL) women entrepreneurs now have a permanent business place to showcase their products in the city. The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has started its first 'Aadhar Kendra' -a special promotion centre - for sale of products manufactured by BPL women belonging to self-help groups (SHGs). The centre, which is now operational, has come up near the old octroi naka on Sinhagad road.Speaking to TOI, Dnyaneshwar Molak, deputy commissioner of the Urban Community Development (UCD) department, said, \"It is a first-of-its-kind permanent centre developed by the civic body for BPL SHGs and as many as 40 groups have come together to form it.\"In Pune district, there are close to 10,000 SHGs, of which nearly 8,000 are run by the UCD department. Most of these SHGs have been formed in slum areas and are helping women to earn a basic livelihood. The products up for sale are home-made and include mid-day meals for municipal schools and stitching school uniforms, among other activities.\"Till now, the BPL SHGs had to wait for exhibitions to showcase their products. But that has changed now. More Aadhar centres will come up in the future and will give such groups a permanent place to sell their products from,\" said Molak.He said that each group will run the centre for three months. Following which another one of the 40 BPL groups will take charge of the management and the cycle will continue. While 90% of the profits will be equally divided among the 40 groups, the remaining 10% will go solely to the coordinating group.Bina Kanunje, manager of the centre, said the products on sale include bags, food items, clothes, purse, files, candles and other goods of daily use. \"Since we now have a permanent address, marketing of our products will be easier and reaching out to more women's SHGs will also be simpler.\"The UCD department officials said the funds for the project have been raised with the help of the Union government Survana Jayanti Scheme. The central government had proposed the creation of the women's Self-Help Groups (SHG) Development Fund with a corpus of Rs 500 crore in the 2011-12 Union Budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12226079", "title": "Alert driver averts robbery attempt", "text": "GURGAON: An alert driver managed to avert a robbery attempt by a passenger who took lift in his car on Saturday night. The accused, who took lift in a Mahindra Xylo car on the expressway on Saturday night, has been arrested by the police and an FIR has been lodged against him.According to the police, Pancham, a native of West Bengal, has been working as a driver of a Xylo car belonging to a resident of Palam Vihar. The accused has been identified as Vipin, resident of Baghpat, Uttar Pradesh.On Saturday around 11pm, Pancham was driving the car and was heading towards Delhi. When he reached Atlas Chowk, the driver saw Vipin signalling for a lift. Pancham obliged and the person got in and sat in the back seat.But minutes after he got inside the car, Vipin attacked Pancham and tried to strangle him with a rope. But the alert driver fought back and hit the accused with an iron rod that was near his hand. After injuring the passenger, Pancham called the police who arrested Vipin and took him to custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12227835", "title": "Hybrid maize seeds inferior to desi ones: Report", "text": "JAIPUR: Preliminary study by civil organisations has shown that the state's special project of free distribution of hybrid maize seeds to farmers in the hopes of a rich harvest might have gone awry. The seeds have provided less than promised yields and, in many cases, they have not germinated.The state government through funds from the National Agriculture Development Programme and Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY) has been promoting hybrid maize seeds to the tribal farmers on a large scale since 2009. The project named 'Project Golden Rays' was undertaken in districts like Banswara, Dungarpur, Pratapgarh, Sirohi and Udaipur, covering around seven lakh farmers.\"It is obvious from our interactions with farmers from Udaipur, Dungarpur and Banswara districts that the yields from Project Golden Rays are not as high as claimed. In fact, they are on par with desi varieties. There are also questions on food security as farmers do not prefer consuming hybrid maize,\" says Kavitha Kuruganti of Alliance for Sustainable &amp; Holistic Agriculture (ASHA) that prepared the report along with other organisations such as Astha and Vagad Mazdoor Kisan Sangathan.Civil society activists from different parts of the country had gone on a fact-finding visit in December 2011, on a request from CECOEDECON, for a rapid assessment of the hybrid seed's implications on food and livelihood security in addition to environmental sustainability.Investigations by the team members say that while this year, the crop has been badly affected, there have been many cases of no germination at all at the beginning of the season and excessive rain affected crop later on. The highest yield with hybrid maize seed (last season) was 8 quintals per acre (reported by a single farmer).One farmer reported that while the desi seed yielded 4 quintals this year, hybrid seed produced nothing. \"It is worth noting that there has not been a single case of problems with germination with desi maize seed while many were reported with the hybrid seed,\" says the report.\"The Rajasthan government has utilized around Rs 80 crore from the public-funded central scheme. It is apparent that there is no basis on which particular companies and particular brands of seeds have been chosen for this project. The project should be scrapped immediately and farmers who incurred losses should be compensated,\" Bhagwan Sahai Dadhich, secretary of Kisan Sewa Samiti Mahasangh, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12231408", "title": "'Kahaani' a great film: Chetan Bhagat", "text": "It's raining praises for \"Kahaani\". From the masses to the classes, critics and celebs, everyone is hailing the efforts of the crew of this film whether on social networking sites or other media platforms.The latest person to acknowledge the efforts in the film is none other than author Chetan Bhagat. The author took to a microblogging site to express his views on the film and boy, he seems to have enjoyed the film to the fullest. He wrote, \"What an amazing Kahaani! great film. Big congrats to Vidya Balan , director @sujoy_g and story writer @adavaita_kala!\" He soon followed it up with another post which read like, \"Vidya Balan is doing more for content based films and writers in the industry than almost any other mainstream star. you go girl!\" Indeed, Vidya is adding valuable content to the industry and it's good to have people appreciate it.Meanwhile, the film's director, Sujoy Ghosh, is ecstatic to have received kind words from none other than the B-town diva herself, Rekha. The young director of \"Kahaani\" wrote on a microblogging site, \"Yesterday Rekhaji saw Kahaani &amp; called me. I swear I was going to faint or die when I heard her voice. Incredible moment of life. Huge fan.\" Well, what can we say? It can't get better than this, isn't it?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12227897", "title": "Land mafia suspected of attack on company official", "text": "PUNE: A senior official of a leading wind energy company was brutally assaulted by four unidentified persons at the company's site office at Ahmednagar a few days back. Two other employees were also severely thrashed. Company officials and the police suspect the hand of the local land mafia in the attack.On March 8, the attackers barged into the company's office, vandalised the workplace and allegedly assaulted the official, S Bhattacharya, and two other employees. Bhattacharya (45), a retired army colonel, sustained a nose fracture and serious injuries on the face and leg. He was brought to Sancheti Hospital here on March 9 and is likely to be discharged on Monday.Legal advisor Kapil Deshpande, who came to help Bhattacharya, injured his leg. The third employee, Hanumant Karale, sustained injuries on his hand when he tried to foil a knife attack on Bhattacharya. Deshpande and Karale were discharged the same day after primary medical treatment. The attackers allegedly used beer bottles and iron and wooden rods to thrash the three employees. They fled in a car.When contacted, Ranjit Mane, Enercon (India) Limited's legal head (Maharashtra region), alleged that the attack was engineered by the land mafia or promoters involved in selling land to wind energy companies. \"Since we bypass them by buying land directly from the villagers, their businesses have suffered losses. They wanted to pose a threat to the company, which is why they resorted to the dastardly act. But our morale is not down. We will keep doing good work,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225330", "title": "Nagpur business couple held for evading duty on jewellery", "text": "NAGPUR: An entrepreneur couple having strong city connections was arrested at Mumbai airport last week for allegedly trying to bring jewellery like diamond studded watches worth Rs 2.4 crore into the country without paying duty. The duo, Dilip and Jayshree Sontakke, had arrived on a British Airways flight and were in the green channel when Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) sleuths intercepted them. They were to come to Nagpur after changing flights at Mumbai.Settled in the US, Dilip Sontakke is the promoter of city-based Premier Technologies, which operated from the IT Park at Parsodi near VNIT. The venture was sold to M/s Ebix over a couple of years ago, which has its offices at the Central Facility Building in Mihan-SEZ. The couple also runs the premium restaurant Mangi Forever started recently at Dharampeth.Deputy commissioner of AIU Sameer Wankhede, whose team intercepted the Sontakkes, said they had concealed the items in the luggage, which amounted to a deliberate attempt to evade duty. The couple was arrested and later released on bail. The duty liability is around 36% of the value of items seized, he said.The same day Anshuman Ruia of Essar Group too was intercepted with high-end purses and other items above the limits in the green channel. However, he was let off after paying duty and penalty, while the Sontakkes were arrested.AIU Director PM Salim told TOI that the goods carried by Ruia were within the Rs 5 lakh limit, up to which the person can pay duty and go. \"What Sontakkes were carrying was worth over a couple of crore, which invited registration of an offence,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12226466", "title": "Cemetery, kabrastan at Curchorem vandalized", "text": "MARGAO: Two burial grounds located in the same vicinity, one of the Catholics and the other of the Muslims, were found desecrated by unknown miscreants at Bebquegal, Curchorem, Sunday morning.Police sources said that nearly 50 graves inside the cemetery and 100 graves from the kabrastan were found vandalized. The tombstones were damaged and the marble slabs broken inside the cemetery, while in the kabrastan, too, the graves were desecrated, police said.Police sources said that the incident must have occurred late Saturday night. The culprits may have used a heavy object like a sledge hammer to damage the graves, police said. The burial grounds are situated in an isolated locality.Curchorem PI S Lotlikar and South Goa SP Arvind Gawas visited the sites and took stock of the situation.A police sniffer dog squad and finger print experts were pressed into service, however, no valid clues could be traced, sources said.Curchorem police registered an offence against unknown accused and further investigations are under way.The state government has announced an award of 50,000 to the one who gives information leading to detection of the accused, South Goa police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12227872", "title": "8 two-wheelers torched in Ganj Peth", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified miscreants allegedly set ablaze eight two-wheelers in the parking space of the Sidhanath Sankul society in Ganj Peth during the early hours of Sunday.Six two-wheelers were completely destroyed in the fire, while the remaining two were burnt partially. Residents of the society had to run to the terrace as their flats and the parking lot were filled with smoke. They could not come down to the ground floor either, as the motorcycles were burning at the society's entrance.There were around 25 two-wheelers in the parking lot of the building at the time of the incident. Some residents who attempted to douse the fire shifted the remaining two-wheelers to a safe place.Mohan Sonnis, a resident of the society, told TOI that the incident took place around 3.30 am on Sunday. \"A college student residing in a buiding opposite our society was studying early in the morning. She saw flames coming out of our parking lot and informed her father,\" Sonnis said.He said that the student's father alerted the residents of the society. \"In the meantime, I too woke up as the smoke had started entering our flat and my family and I started feeling difficulty in breathing,\" Sonnis said.Another resident, Sanjay Boddu, said that when he went down, the entire parking lot was full of smoke and some two-wheelers were on fire. \"Me, Sonnis and Venu Kairamkonda removed the other two-wheelers into a safer place,\" Boddu said.The fire brigade and the police reached the spot and doused the fire in about 15 minutes. \"Till then, all of us were stuck inside the building,\" Boddu said.He said that the fire also damaged the drainage lines in the building. \"The wiring of the water pump was damaged in the fire, following which, we could not pump water into the tank on the terrace,\" Boddu said.He added, \"We suspect that someone deliberately torched the two-wheelers. We have lodged a complaint with the Khadak police station in this regard.\"Fire officer Shivaji Memane of the Pune fire brigade said that he and his team rushed to the spot within five minutes of being notified. \"We doused the fire immediately. The reason of the fire is not known,\" Memane said.Senior police inspector Rajendra Kadam told TOI, \"The residents claim that someone torched the vehicles. We will consult the electrical inspector and then start further investigations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227232", "title": "Review calls a sign of court-executive tussle?", "text": "The Constitution-scripted delicate balance of power between the Legislature, Executive and Judiciary seems set for turbulent times with the government unwilling to cede turf and displaying a quiet belligerence to question the wisdom behind recent important Supreme Court rulings relating to black money, Vodafone and 2G spectrum scam.The Union government has already filed petitions seeking review of the SC's decisions - one, to set up a Special Investigation Team to unearth and bring back illegal money stashed by Indians in foreign banks; second, to quash the Rs 11,000 crore capital gains tax liability on Vodafone for acquiring Indian business through foreign route; and third, ordering fresh auction of 122 mobile telephone service licences that were cancelled on the ground of being irregularly allotted in 2008.In each of these review petitions, the government has politely given vent to its disgust over repeated judicial encroachment into areas which fell squarely within the executive's domain. To drive home the point, the Centre is now planning a presidential reference under Article 143 of the Constitution to seek opinion of the apex court whether by directing auction of telecom licences, the judiciary has breached the constitutionally demarcated functional boundaries.Such executive exuberance to assert turf supremacy had been rare. Indira Gandhi's election case in the Supreme Court expedited the decision to impose Emergency in the country. During that period, the apex court ignominiously succumbed in the face of brute executive power and sullied its image by judicially agreeing in the infamous ADM Jabalpur case that even basic fundamental right - right to life - could be suspended during Emergency. After the dark period, the judiciary swiftly self-corrected.The last of the executive assertiveness was seen during Rajiv Gandhi's tenure as prime minister when the Congress party enjoyed brute majority in Lok Sabha. It had virtually overturned a secular judgment of the apex court to grant alimony to Muslim women by enacting Muslim Women (Protection of Rights on Divorce) Act, 1986.For the quarter of a century that followed since the controversial 1986 Act that reflected executive's assertiveness, coalition blood has been running thick and fast in the country's political veins. Hurriedly cobbled and opportunistic alliances to form governments has brought into focus regional aspirations and dominance of small parties which are key to survival of governments.Coalition induced shaky political health has benumbed the executive's turf consciousness. Correspondingly, it provided an open invitation to the judiciary to scrutinize a wide range of government decisions. In the process, the constitutional courts have handed down thumping judgments, severely truncating political play in the Executive's decision making mechanism.The Union government's sudden abhorrence to judicial fiats in executive field stems from its understanding of past rulings of apex court, which had evolved a self-restraint code to be applied in the course of determining the validity of decisions taken by the executive or legislature.In Kihoto Holohon [1992 (2) (Suppl) SCC 651] case, the self-restraint code came for discussion. The apex court said, \"While examining the constitutional validity of laws, the principle that is applied is that if it is possible to construe a statute so that its validity can be sustained against a constitutional attack, it should be so construed and that when part of a statute is valid and part is void, the valid part must be separated from the invalid part.\"In Bommai case [1994 (3)SCC 1], the court had said, \"We are to reiterate that judicial review is not concerned with the merits of the decision but with the decision-making process. This is on the premise that modern democratic system has chosen that political accountability is more important than other kinds of accountability and the judiciary exercising its judicial review may be refrained to do so when it finds that the controversy is not based on judicially discoverable and manageable standards.\"However, if a legal question camouflaged by political thicket has arisen, the power and the doors of constitutional court are not closed, nor can they be prohibited to enter in the political field under the garb of political thicket in particular, when the Constitution expressly has entrusted the duty to it.\"The government is firm that cancelling the licences may have been within the judicial domain but not the direction to auction it stems from a combined reading of Holohon and Bommai judgments. But, the firmness also reflects that it was ready for a fresh debate on the contours of judicial boundary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12225839", "title": "'Protection of developers should be considered'", "text": "What is the current real estate scenario in Nashik?Growth of real estate in Nashik is slow, but steady. It has never happened that the demand is more and supply is low or the supply is more and demand is less. There are no more fluctuations in demand and supply, the situation is balanced. Initially, rates are low when a residential project is launched, but they increase gradually as the project nears completion. By the time the project is completed in one-and-a-half or two years, rates shoot up by around 30% as compared to the initial rates. Customer who book flats in the initial days of the project will always profit. But, the trend in Nashik is different. Customers express interest in booking flats in the finishing stages of projects as it saves them a large amount of interest on loans and the Equated Monthly Installments (EMIs) also consequently start only after the transaction for the home is carried out in the final stages of construction.What are the government-related problems real estate developers are facing?Taxation is a major area of concern for real estate developers. Developers are paying huge taxes. Earlier, development charges were Rs 40 per sq m for residential projects and Rs 80 per sq m for commercial projects. Now, development charges worth 2% of the ready reckoner value (government rates) of the project are levied, which translates to Rs 700 per sq m in areas like College Road. Besides, developers have to pay labour cess of 1% of the total construction cost. The government has also levied 2.5% service tax of the total flat cost with effect from July 1, 2010. Besides, 1% of the Value Added Tax (VAT) on the flat cost is also being charged. Developers have to pay 3-4% octroi, have to pay VAT while purchasing building materials like steel, cement and tiles, and also give 5% of the stamp duty and 1% of the registration fees. The total taxes on developers from the time of buying of land to finishing the project add up to about 20%. After all, developers or traders do not spend the amount for taxes from their own pocket. Obviously, the burden of taxation goes on the consumers. Hence, costs of residential properties are increasing day by day. The government must reduce these taxes or charge them all at once. Besides, the tax system must be simplified. If the government really wants affordable housing, then taxes should be reduced and slabs upto Rs 15 lakh or above be fixed by giving tax benefits and incentives to developers.The state government has made mandatory reservation of 20% space in residential properties for economically weaker section. What is your opinion in this connection?On January 18, 2012, the state government had issued a circular making it mandatory to reserve 20% of space in residential projects for economically weaker section. Presently, the government has stayed projects being planned on more than 2,000 sq m of land and such projects are not approved if 20% of space is not reserved in the projects for financially weaker sections. We can understand that houses need to be constructed for financially weaker sections for a social cause. But, the policy for that should be flexible. If I own a plot then it will be my right to decide what kind of projects I should build there. If I follow the government ruling, I will have to build some 1BHK flats at the same place where I am building 3BHK flats, that too at posh areas like College Road, and will give them to Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada), which will sell them off. This means that allocation of flats for financially weaker sections will be done by Mhada. Hence, we can't be sure of who will stay there. In this case, the social aspect has not been considered by the government. This circular is not only for Nashik, but the whole of Maharashtra. In some parts of Mumbai like Nariman Point or Bandra, property prices are over Rs 50,000-60,000 per sq ft and maintenance is over Rs 8,000-10,000 per month. In such areas, how will people from the economically weaker sections, who earn Rs 8,000-15,000 a month, pay maintenance there? This gap has not been considered by the government and this circular has been made in haste. Class IV people can't stay at the places where Class I people stay. Hence, the government must think practically and not impose things which are impractical. In some places like Chennai, the limitation of 2,000 sq m has been increased to 10,000 sq m land projects. The reservation of space for economically weaker sections in the projects has been reduced from 20% to 10%. Besides, they have been given an option to build affordable houses within a 3-5 km radius of the project.The state has been planning to bring in a housing regulator from the past six years. Is the Credai in favour of this development? What changes will be there in Nashik if such an authority is created?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12227715", "title": "Uniform property tax likely for city, suburbs", "text": "CHENNAI: The Greater Chennai Corporation islikely tointroduce a uniform property tax regime in its maiden budget session on Monday. The proposalenvisions applying a uniform yardstick to all the 200 wards of the corporation from city to the suburbs.Currently, the areas in the old limits of the corporation and the newly-added areas do not have uniform property tax. Mayor Saidai S Duraisamy will outline the budget proposals and K Santhanam, the chairman of the taxation and finance committee of the AIADMK, will present the budget before the council. According to sources, the first budget of the AIADMK-dominated Greater Chennai Corporation will give high priority to the newly-added areas, whichwould getflyovers,subways and other infrastructure development plans worth Rs 2,000 crore.Top officials in the civic body say the mayor had instructed them to accord more priority to health and education in this budget.\"The improvement of infrastructure facilities of the corporation schools, free higher education, coaching classes yoga training for students and measurestocontrol stray dogs will be discussed,\" said an official. As the city council has 200 councillors now, the budget presentation and discussion will continue without a break.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12230533", "title": "Congress persuades Mamata to drop UP, Punjab visits", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee's decision not to attend the swearing-in of Parkash Singh Badal and Akhilesh Yadav has come as a huge relief to the Congress.Mamata Banerjee decided not to attend the two functions due to her engagements in Bengal.While Congress interlocutors have been in touch with her, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh did not speak to Mamata, sources said.With reports suggesting that Mamata was keen to attend the two functions, the Congress was on tenterhooks.It took a lot of persuasion by the interlocutors to convince Mamata Banerjee to stay away from the two swearing-in ceremonies.The Trinamool chief's move would have given much-needed ammunition to the opposition parties, which are already targeting the cracks within the UPA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12225947", "title": "Bhondsi jail inmate found having opium", "text": "GURGAON: The Bhonsi jail authorities on Saturday recovered 75gm of opium from an undertrial, raising serious questions on how could the inmate bring the narcotic drug inside the jail premises. The jail authorities stumbled on the cache during a routine inspection. According to the sources, when the inspection team found the during a search at the cell of an undertrial, Rohtas. The drug was kept sealed in a packet.\"We have recovered opium and are investigating the matter to find out how such items got inside the premises,\" said Hamid Akhtar, DCP (South). Rohtas has been in the jail for allegedly killing his father in 2011. Police officers said that now they would put him on a protection warrant and question him as to how he got opium inside the jail. Sources, however, said such items are passed on to the under trials during visits by their family members and friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227696", "title": "Right answer", "text": "Following a Supreme Court order in August 2011, CBSE students can now on apply to get a photocopy of their answer scripts, once the board results (classes X and XII) are out. According to the order, students appearing in an examination have a right to view their answer sheets if they want to.According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, students will receive photocopies of their answer sheets as per the request within 15 days of submitting their application forms. However, students can continue to avail of the marks verification facility.In order to get a photocopy of the answer scripts, students will have to pay Rs 500 per subject. They can avail of their answer scripts by applying online and making an online payment. Students who don't want to make an online payment can send a draft at the regional office of CBSE along with the online photocopy of the application form. However, for verification, students can continue to pay Rs 100 per answer script.Joshi further adds, \"Students wanting to avail of this facility will have to apply to the board within 21 days, once the results are out.\"Apart from CBSE boards, students appearing for All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) and All India Pre-Medical /Pre-Dental Test (AIPMT) can also avail of this facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "sangada (visakhapatnam)", "code": "12226641", "title": "Naxals strike near Agency border", "text": "SANGADA (VISAKHAPATNAM): Maoist rebels, in the wee hours of Sunday, set ablaze a BSNL telephone exchange and a cellular network tower at Vonkudelli in Odisha's Koraput district, not very far from Munchingput mandal which lies on the border of Visakhapatnam district. The strike comes as a Maoist reprisal against the second phase of Operation Green Hunt.Initial estimates peg the loss from the attack at Rs 1 crore. The attack was on the BSNL facility led by the Malkangiri division committee. Watchman Madan said that four persons in plainclothes entered the exchange early on Sunday. \"They asked me to come out of the exchange and then set it on fire,\" he said.The telephone exchange had more than 400 phone and broadband connections, at a distance of hardly 500 metres from the village and some 10 km away from Sangada village. Surprisingly, neither cops from the Machkund hydel power project police station, which is 10 km away from the spot nor BSF personnel, who have a base camp there, had ventured into the area till evening.Last year, Maoists had killed two security personnel, including a police constable and, a couple of years back, had blown up the Machkund police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12227603", "title": "Promote industries for more jobs: BIA", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Industries Association (BIA) has demanded strengthening of industry (secondary sector) in view of its potential to generate huge employment opportunities. This will ease pressure on agriculture, on which 89% of the rural population is dependent for its livelihood, in the state.Hailing the state government's stress on agriculture sector, BIA president K P S Keshri said that a low budget allocation for industry in the 2012-13 state budget was a matter of concern for the local industries. He said that the industry sector has got barely a little more than one-third of the budget allocation for agriculture sector (primary sector).Praising the state government's move to start a second five-year agriculture road map for development from April 1 for bringing in rainbow revolution through agriculture and allied sectors, including agro-based and food processing industries, Keshri said that development of manufacturing sector is important for generating jobs.Keshri said that industry has the potential to create demand for services (tertiary sector), which include transportation, hospitality sector, information technology services and others. The secondary and tertiary sectors, taken together, would generate huge employment, easing the pressure on land which alone cannot meet the requirement of entire rural population. He said that secondary and tertiary sectors are concomitant to the primary sector for sustained economic development and revenue generation.Stressing that manufacturing sector needs special care, he said it has not happened so far due to different factors, including the one related to continuance of entry tax on machineries for setting up of industries and raw materials. Due to this, the products of local industries were costlier rendering them less competitive in comparison to the products manufactured in neighbouring states, he said.For robust economic growth, he said, industry should be balanced with other sectors, including agriculture, in the matter of budgetary allocation. He recalled that in 2009-10, the state government had assured waiving of entry tax on import of machineries to promote industrial growth.Keshri said that compounding of tax on manufactured products of micro industries should be introduced on the pattern of one-time compound tax realized from small traders over the annual sales of their goods. This would help in growth of micro industries, he said and added that this would pave way for self-employment among the rural and urban entrepreneurs who start their ventures with small capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12227562", "title": "Criminal arrested after encounter", "text": "PATNA: After a fierce encounter with notorious Shyam Sunder Yadav gang at Kanhaipur village in Taal area under Mokama police station in Patna district, the police on Sunday arrested a gang member, Nageshwar Yadav. One rifle, 22 cartridges and a horse were also seized from him, said Patna SP (rural) Manoj Kumar.Police sources said that on a tip-off that Shyam Sunder Yadav along with his three brothers - Nageshwar Yadav, Bindeshwar Yadav and Deepu Yadav - were firing in the air to terrorize the villagers at Kanhaipur, a police team led by ASP, Barh, Saurabh Kumar reached there. Seeing the police team, the gang members opened fire and tried to flee. The police team also retaliated and chased them. While the police team fired 10 rounds, the criminals fired 35 rounds. The encounter lasted for about three hours.Kumar said while Nageshwar Yadav was arrested, three other gang members, including Shyam Sunder Yadav, managed to escape. No one was injured in the shoot-out. The gang members were involved in several cases, including those of murder, dacoity, looting standing crops and capturing agriculture land in the area.The SP (rural) said the gang had captured 100 bighas of land in the area. Shyam Sunder was involved in 20 cases of heinous crimes, while his three brothers were involved in four cases each. Their father, Lutan Yadav, is languishing in jail, he added. ASP, Barh, Saurabh Kumar said two more cases were lodged against Nageshwar on Sunday. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12232925", "title": "RS poll: BJP may field 3 central leaders in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The state BJP core committee and the party's Central Election Committee ( CEC) will soon sit together to decide the names of party candidates for the Rajya Sabha polls from Bihar. The elections for six seats in Bihar would take place on March 30, while the candidates would file their nomination papers on March 19.Based on the party's strength in the legislative assembly, the BJP can easily win two RS seats. It will be left with some surplus votes and could hope to bag a third seat if its alliance partner, the JD (U), transfers its surplus votes to the BJP. The names of 15 aspirants figured on Sunday at the party's state election committee (SEC) meeting.However, the BJP's plan for the third seat could go awry if the RJD, Congress and LJP jointly field a candidate for the sixth seat, as is being speculated in some political circles. The three opposition parties together have 27 MLAs, and would require eight floating votes to bag the seat - a difficult proposition on the face of it, but not impossible.To further complicate the situation for the state BJP, there is talk that its central leadership would like to field in the state three senior members with direct or indirect Bihar connection - leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley and Dharmendra Pradhan , who have been associated with organizing the assembly or parliamentary elections in Bihar, and S S Ahluwalia. The party's chief national spokesman, Ravi Shankar Prasad, whose term from Bihar will expire in April, could be fielded from another state, said a senior BJP leader.\"Of them, only Pradhan is a fresh face for Rajya Sabha from Bihar. The remaining three have been in Rajya Sabha twice. Normally, the party does not give a third term to anyone. The only exception has been L K Advani, whom the party sent to Rajya Sabha thrice,\" said a senior BJP leader from Bihar.Besides, as far as the BJP is concerned, caste calculations are not considered while selecting a candidate for Rajya Sabha. However, the party leaders from dalit sections have begun to eye the Rajya Sabha seats, as the only dalit from Bihar who went to Rajya Sabha on BJP ticket was Kameshwar Paswan. The new dalit aspirant is former minister and three-time Lok Sabha MP, Muni Lal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227844", "title": "More then a million women in local bodies: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: The success story of women's political representation could well be scripted in its villages. Over a decade after one-third representation for women in panchayats was introduced, there are more than a million elected women representatives in local bodies, a study has found.And yet, the success is only half in measure. Representation of women in Parliament continues to be low. It is at 10.6% currently, far lower than Sweden with 47% women's representation, Argentina with 40% and even Pakistan with 21%.The number of elected women representatives in local bodies is 42%, exceeding the 33% quota and demonstrating a surge in their desire to participate. However, they face problems of education and capacity-building that prove to be stumbling blocks in path to political empowerment.A study by the International Center for Research on Women (ICRW) has found that while women have the desire to participate, they are handicapped by constraints like lack of literacy skills and support from family members. The study looked at women's participation in panchayats in Alwar (Rajasthan) and Mysore (Karnataka). In Alwar 35% women said that they were interested in working for development while 50% said that their family wanted them to contest indicating a need for familial approval to step in the political arena. Interestingly, 32% men said that families wanted them to contest.About 55% women and 32% men admitted that family members helped in panchayat work, again pointing towards dependence on family. Despite this handicap, women representatives appear to be heading in the right direction, ICRW researcher Nandita Bhatla said. They raised issues like domestic violence, alcoholism and school attendance to a lesser extent in the panchayat.UN Women regional programme director (South Asia) Anne F Stenhammer said, \"India has nearly 1.5 million elected women representatives at the local level - in terms of numbers, this is the highest globally. However, even more important than the numbers is the issue of actual leadership and action on women's rights.''UN Women has been involved in a pre-election campaign called SWEEP or Strengthening Women's Empowerment through Electoral Processes that encourages women to contest from every seat, even beyond reservation. The agenda of a pre-election campaign is to put a spotlight on the issue of women's participation and leadership during panchayat elections.SWEEP not only advocates the rights of a voter or a contestant, it also looks into the need to support marginalized candidates and women contesting from non-reserved seats. So in Bihar for instance, work before the panchayat elections in 2011 resulted in 90% of the existing elected women representatives in re-contesting. Of these, 50% won the election.UN Women governance unit head Suraj Kumar said, \"It is a huge challenge but the results have been encouraging.'' He said women campaign and work in a difficult environment where incidents of intimation and violence are common.In fact, the results have been encouraging enough for UN Women to consider expansion. Stenhammer said, \"We are keen to expand the learning from the SWEEP programme not only to cover India but across South Asia . My dream is to provide support to women in panchayats and the government for two election cycles - covering 10 years - so that we can see the difference we have made.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12227255", "title": "Engineering student killed in brawl at Sikar", "text": "JAIPUR: A 21-year-old engineering student was beaten to death following a clash between some hostellers and employees of a restaurant in Sikar on Saturday night. According to the police, a group of students from a hostel went to a hotel to have food where they clashed with the employees over some petty issue. The students were reportedly drunk.Sub inspector Hazari Lal, who is investigating the case, said that one of the employees at the restaurant, Dilip, was known to the group from the hostel. \"The group wanted him to come to the hostel and work there which the other restaurant employees were objecting. This petty issue soon turned into a violent clash,\" said the police officer.The victim, Mukesh Chahar, was a resident of nearby Vijaypura village and was staying at Indiana Hostel. \"He was a B Tech third year student at Bharatiya Institute of Engineering &amp; Technology College in Sikar,\" said addl SP, Sikar, Saratjeet Choudhary. He added that Mukesh and his friends had gone to a food joint called Jai Shree when the fight took place around 11.30 pm.One of the restaurant employees repeatedly hit the head of Mukesh with a stick. \"He sustained serious injuries and was rushed to a hospital where he died,\" said the officer.The body was handed over to family members after postmortem. \"A police team raided the restaurant and other possible hide-outs to nab the employees involved in the murder. We have got some clues regarding their whereabouts and hope to arrest them soon,\" said Choudhary.The statements of the deceased's hostelmates are also being recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "wadia village (banaskantha district)", "code": "12226084", "title": "Mass marriage heralds new era at Wadia", "text": "WADIA VILLAGE (BANASKANTHA DISTRICT): It was a sumptuous feast that marked the end of Wadia's notorious era. The village, which is infamous for housing sex workers, made a clean break on Sunday. The first mass marriage at this village which, till date, had resisted all attempts to change marked the dawn of a new era. It was a sight to behold as women , decked in fineries, accompanied newly married couples and danced to the tunes of music bands that followed them around. Delicacies were in abundance at the feast that followed the solemnization of marriages.The only ones that may have complained on Sunday at Wadia were goats. \"All the animals were herded into a pit early in the morning. This was done for their safekeeping and also to ensure that we did not need to chaseafter we attended the mass marriage ceremony,\" said a villager.Sunday came with a special dawn for Wadia. While the young and old woke up and donned their best attires with rare enthusiasm to take part in the marriage ceremony, a humble paan shop owner had made a significant change. He had got a refrigerator. \"Since the last couple of days, business has been extremely good. Since there was a huge demand for cold drinks and mineral water, I have now got a fridge to deal with the summer rush,\" the shop owner quipped.There were many firsts on Sunday. For Sharda Bhati of Vicharti Jaati Samuday Samarthan Manch, this was nothing less than a day of reckoning. \"On May 5, 2005, when I had first set foot into Wadia village, I was very scared because I felt that the villagers here would harm me. It was an uphill task. But today I feel the satisfaction that comes with achievement. Then, I could not even dream that Sunday's mass marriage will ever be a reality in Wadia,\" said Bhati.Madhav Ramanuj, renowned Gujarati poet and president of Vicharti Jaati Samuday Samarthan Manch, summarized Wadia's red-letter Sunday thus: \"I feel these marriages are of my own house.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12225822", "title": "Crorepatis have a better strike rate", "text": "LUCKNOW: Fat bank balances could have been instrumental in drafting many victories during the assembly elections. If election results and the details of newly elected representatives are seen, nearly 28% candidates who had assets of Rs 5 crore or more have registered win in their constituencies. In sharp contrast, barely 1% candidates who had assets less than Rs 20 lakh could win the elections.In a state where the margin of victory has traditionally been wafer thin, the power of money in many parts seems to have played a crucial role. Sixty out of the 217 candidates who declared assets of Rs 5 crore or more managed to convert their candidature into electoral victory; out of 1,660 candidates with less than Rs 20 lakh to their credit, only 19 could turn the voters in their favour.According to an analysis done by UP Election Watch, out of the 403 candidates elected to power, 271 are crorepatis. In 2007, only 124 MLAs were crorepatis. The wealthiest of the current crop of MLAs is Congress' Nawab Kazim Ali Khan from Suar constituency in Rampur. His assets are worth Rs 56.89 crore. Bahujan Samaj Party's Shah Alam from Mubarakpur scores second with assets of Rs 54.44 crore. Bharatiya Janata Party's Mahesh Kumar Sharma from Noida stands third; he has assets worth Rs 37.45 crore.There are positives, too, to look forward to in the state's assembly. Creating history, the 16th state assembly will be home to over 50% persons - 239 MLAs - who have at least obtained a graduation degree. In what could go a long way in reinforcing the Samajwadi Party's new, progressive image, the highest numbers of graduate, post-graduate professional and doctorate MLAs belong to SP. In contrast, also additional good news for the state legislature, only 40 MLAs are less than class VIII educated.At least some of the change that will be apparent in the people's representatives can also be attributed to the age group they belong to. If politics was earlier believed to be a post-retirement option, the trend is clearly changing. The just concluded assembly elections appear to have upset more than just one trend; this year, as many as 9 under-30 MLAs will represent the UP masses. On the flip side, 15 MLAs who are older than 71 years will join them on the floor of the house. There's also a sizeable chunk of MLAs who fall in the age group of 30 to 50 years. A total of 209 MLAs fall in this age bracket and will be a part of the new legislature.With a clear majority in the house, the Samajwadi Party MLAs have an edge in this area as well. A total of 151 SP MLAs are under 55 years old. The oldest members of the house - aged 76 years and above - are also a part of the SP camp.Interestingly, assembly elections have set new trends outside the state assembly as well. While elections in 2007 saw 6,086 candidates enter the political fray and contest on tickets given by 131 political parties, this year, there has been a whopping growth of political outfits in the state. Parties saw a stupendous 70% growth in numbers - at 223. Their ability to convert participation to actual victory, however, was largely limited, with only 11 parties managing to secure a berth in the legislature, apart from six independent MLAs.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12227645", "title": "4 out of CMAT Top 10 from Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The city has earned the distinction of producing four of the top 10 scorersthe highest tally-in the country in the first ever Common Management Admission Test (CMAT),an entrance exam to management colleges affiliated to All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE).Though Vijay Jha from Delhi has topped the list,the second position was bagged by Mulund resident Sujit Kumar Birendranath.The results of CMAT,which was conducted over a period of nine days in February,were declared on Sunday.Besides Sujit,the other rankers from the city are Tejas Sawant who has come fourth on the all-India merit list,followed by Dilip Shashank Patodia at the sixth position and Ashwini Kumar Singh from Kanjurmarg at the eighth.Dadars Priyamvadha Maddalkar is the highest scorer among female candidates from the city and her all-India rank is 43rd.Two others from the girls list are also from the city.Mumbai had the highest numbers of toppers,followed by Delhi (two).The rest of the places on the top-10 list was filled up by candidates from Kolhapur,Hyderabad,Rajkot and Indore.The AICTE,which put up the results on CMATs as well as its own websites at 11am,has not announced any cut-off score for admissions but instead,has left the decision to individual institutes.We have released the total scores of students and their ranks.We will not calculate their percentile using the normalization process.Institutes can decide on their own on how they wish to use the scores.They will decide the cut-offs as well, said AICTE chairman S S Mantha.Clarifying about how certain questions,with erroneous option pattern,were marked,Mantha said for some sets,the answer options were in the sequence of a,b,c and e,instead of a,b,c and d.If students attempted any of those questions,they received full marks for them.There are not too many such sets, added Mantha.The total marks for the paper was 400,with the highest score earned by the topper being 327 and the lowest -30.A total of 190 students have scored in negative.Besides having the most number of high-scorers,Maharashtra also had the highest number of candidates who registered for the exam.Of the 70,000 students in the country registering for the exam,14,858 were from the state.Around 36% of the candidates who have appeared for the exam were girls. CMAT will be conducted twice a year.For admission to management courses for the 2013-14 session,the first test will be conducted in August-September this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "12227550", "title": "1150 teachers' post vacant in Magadh varsity colleges", "text": "GAYA: With no less than 1,150 post of teachers lying vacant in the 36 old constituent colleges of Magadh University (MU) for years, the MU vice-chancellor has authorized the principals to make stopgap arrangements till proper recruitment is made with the rider that neither the university nor the state government will take the financial burden of the temporary recruitments. Moreover, the colleges will have to pay the temporary teachers from their internal resources.As per university records, there are 2,029 sanctioned post of teachers in the 36 old constituent colleges in MU. But the number of teachers working against the sanctioned posts is only 879 and the actual strength of teachers was only about 40% of the sanctioned strength. No recruitment of teachers has been made in MU for the past nine years. The last recruitment and that too, conditional, was made in 2003 when about 125 teachers were recruited after giving the undertaking that they will automatically lose their jobs and refund the emoluments received by them in case the vigilance department found the panel to have been fraudulently prepared. The vigilance department, on its part, has not yet cleared these appointments and for the last nine years, the vigilance sword has been hanging over these appointments.The colleges worst affected by the shortage of teachers include S D College (Kaler), RNW College (Nawada), SNS College (Jahanabad), ANS College (Nabinagar), Daudnagar College and SNS College (Tekari), SMS College (Sherghati), ANS College (Barh), RRS College (Mokama) and SS College (Jahanabad).In SD College (Kaler) 20 of the 30 sanctioned posts are lying vacant for years and only 10 teachers in the college impart education to 4,877 students. In ANS College (Barh), 66 of the 89 sanctioned posts are vacant and only 23 teachers there for 4,596 students. Similarly, in RRS College (Mokama) 33 of the 44 sanctioned posts are vacant and 11 teachers are there in the college for the 3,520 students on its rolls. SMS College (Sherghati) has 34 sanctioned post of teachers against which 24 are lying vacant. The 10 teachers there teach the 4,052 students currently enrolled in the college.MU officiating VC Arun Kumar said the UGC has issued guidelines for meeting faculty shortage in the short period and as per the UGC norms, those having the requisite qualification for being appointed as college teachers can be engaged on a temporary basis on payment of Rs 250 per class subject to a maximum of Rs 12,000 per month. Preference has to be given to retired teachers in such temporary recruitments, says the UGC Circular. The principals have been authorized to make arrangements in accordance with the UGC circular provided they can generate enough money to pay such appointees from their internal resources, the officiating VC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12227602", "title": "Glaucoma awareness walk held", "text": "PATNA: Eminent ophthalmologists of the state on Sunday participated in the Glaucoma awareness walk from Kargil Chowk as part of the World Glaucoma Week being organized here under the aegis of Bihar Ophthalmological Society.The walk, which was flagged off by Senior SP, Patna , Alok Kumar, was part of the society's awareness campaign about glaucoma, considered as a silent eye disease leading to irreversible blindness by the time patient becomes aware, as it does not produce any symptom. Dr Sunil Kumar Singh, editor of an eye journal, said that the high risk people are those aged 40 and above, patients with eye injury, those taking oral drug (steroids), diabetes , hypertension, those suffering from thyroid and frequent changes of glass etc.The society's secretary, Dr Nagendra Prasad, said that the aim of the walk was to make people aware of this disease because early detection and treatment can halt the disease. Prominent among those who participated in the walk included Dr Subhash Prasad, Dr Pranav Ranjan, Dr Ranjana, Dr Anita, Dr Bibhuti Prasad Sinha and Dr Satyajit. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226493", "title": "Project to revive old art forms", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A bunch of students from various city schools are rigorously mastering the facets of traditional art forms to realize an ambitious project of the city corporation. 'Kanavu', the project envisaged by the corporation to promote old and traditional art forms among city students will be launched on March 18.The venue will be SMV school and Gandhi Park, where students, selected and trained by exponents, will present their day-long performance. Students from 10 schools in the city were handpicked for the first of its kind project, which is implemented by the education standing committee in the state.The scheme was first mooted by the corporation in 2011. \"Our idea was to familiarize children with the art forms which they have never had a chance to learn deeply. We went around the city schools and 10 schools were chosen for the project,'' said K S Sheela, chairperson of education standing committee.The corporation chose 25 art forms like padayani, kolkali, sanghakali and some of the most popular dance forms in Malabar and other parts of the state to be included in the project. The selected students were asked to choose the art form they like from a list and experts in respective art forms were hired to train the children. Students from class 6 to 9 are included in the scheme.\"The interest the students showed was amazing. The training was often given on Sundays and Saturdays and also on official holidays. ,\" said Sheela. The corporation is planning to continue the project in the coming years as well, she added.\"We never thought the kids who are so much addicted to cinematic dance would ever be enthused about our tradition. Now that they have shown the enthusiasm, the project will be extended to more schools,\" said deputy mayor Happy Kumar. A procession will also be held from SMV School to Gandhi Park on the same day. The project is being undertaken at a cost of Rs 2 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12226108", "title": "New China border posts to monitor India project", "text": "BEIJING: China has established its highest border police station at 5,373m above the sea level on its border with Bhutan in Shannan prefecture. It has also set up an all-female police station in Tibet's Nyingchi prefecture, which borders Arunachal Pradesh in India.These moves are being seen as aimed at keeping a close watch on a road being laid to connect Tawang in Arunachal Pradesh with Bhutan, said a Beijing-based source on Sunday.The Chinese authorities, it is learned, may also use these police stations to keep a tab on Tibetans who try to escape across the border.The police station has come up in a Tibetan village, Pumaqangtang village of Shannan prefecture, which has a population of 900 people. The site of the female police station, Nanyi Village of Mainling County in Nyingchi prefecture, has 445 inhabitants. \"The foundation of the police station marks the progress of border administration, and it plays a positive and important role in social development and lasting peace and stability along Tibet's border,\" Tashi Dodan, head of the public security border detachment of Shannan prefecture, told the official media.China has intensified scrutiny on its border with Nepal to curb the flow of Tibetan rebels, who often find their way into India.It is being helped by the Nepalese government in this. But Chinese authorities fear that Tibetan dissidents might use the Bhutan route to escape from China, the source said.The female police station will cover the Lopa people, China's least populous ethnic tribe. It has 20 officials between the ages of 18 and 31. Nanyi's beautiful landscape attracts a large number of tourists every year, said the official Xinhua news agency.The move follows a call by Chinese leader Jia Qinglin , who recently stressed the need to safeguard social harmony and stability in southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12227945", "title": "My husband received no help to fight illegal mining, says slain cop's wife", "text": "BHOPAL: The slain IPS officer Narendra Kumar Singh's wife Madhurani Teotia, an IAS officer of the Madhya Pradesh cadre, said on Sunday her husband received no help or support from his department in his efforts to take action against illegal mining in Morena district.\"He told me several times that there was a lot of pressure and he was fighting a one-man war against illegal mining in his jurisdiction area in Banmour,\" she told TOI over telephone.Madhurani Teotia, who is in an advanced stage of pregnancy and expecting birth of her child this month, argued that there were repeated instances when Narendra Kumar nabbed drivers of tractor-trolleys carrying illegally-mined stones and called the local police station.\"He would first challan the accused and then instruct the concerned police station to register a case under relevant sections for illegal mining. But even before the suspect driver of tractor would reach the police station, the accused lawyer procured a bail,'' Teotia said from Aligarh. Madhurani claimed her husband said the lower rung of the police department would not follow his orders of arresting those involved in illegal mining.Now, Teotia wants to continue her husband's fight. After the delivery of her child, she will go back and join her office in Gwalior. But Narendra Kumar's father Keshav Dev wants Madhurani's cadre changed. He argued: \"This is a fight against the system and government. My daughter-in-law has to be transferred out from that cadre.''State home minister Uma Shankar Gupta and DGP Nandan Dubey had claimed on Friday that the mining mafia was not involved in the death of Narendra Kumar and that the \"unfortunate'' incident was an accident. An angry Madhurani Teotia, however, dismissed the explanation of both the home minister and the DGP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12226136", "title": "Flower power", "text": "GURGAON: The city played host to the annual two-day flower exhibition which was organized by the V, Chaper 255, Gurgaon. Held at Hotel Westin on Saturday and Sunday, the colourful exhibition saw the paricipation of people from all walks of life - students, professionals and Ikebana members.The theme of the exhibition was \"Harmony\" and most of the participants used fresh flowers, fruits, vegetables along with beautiful vases, water, and other accessories to give shape to their ideas. Ikebana is the Japanese art of flower arrangement.Talking about the theme, Indira Misra, president of Ikebana International, Gurgaon chapter, said, \"We need harmony in every sphere of life and through this exhibition, we have tried to convey the importance of tranquility and harmony to the masses. More than 24 members of the Gurgaon chapter took part and gave life to their imagination by using different flowers, leaves, plants and also fruits and vegetables.\" Hundreds of varieties of flowers with different colours and shades were seen at the exhibition.Ohara, Ikenobo and Sogetsu schools of Ikebana presented their artfully arranged flowers and foliage, giving a unique look to the seasonal flowers such as dahlias, carnations, lilliums and roses. Exotic flowers like heliconias and birds of paradise looked even more regal, surrounded as they were by bottle brush, duranta, gypsophilia and linoleum. As one of the visitors at the exhibition said, \"It was not just clusters of flowers bunched together. Beautiful combination and aesthetic presentation enhanced the beauty of the flowers. I was mesmerized by the colours and intriguing shapes of the flowers, which were kept in attractive crystal, metal and earthen containers.\"Neharika Singh, resident of Sushant Lok, who also visited the exhibition, said, \"It was a delightful experience, so much so that I want to join Ikebana classes now.\" Indira has been teaching the members the art of arranging flowers for several years now and feels that it is the best way to be close to nature and express one's own creativity. She explained that the Gurgaon chapter was started with six members in the year 2003 and presently has almost 24 members from different walks of life who have been attending meetings, workshops, exhibitions and demonstrations organized by the organisation.She added that it's not only the elderly people but also youngsters who are taking keen interest in learning the art of Japanese flower arrangement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226386", "title": "Health takes a hit as specialists go on other duties", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state health service, which laments a shortage of specialist doctors in different categories, is not utilizing the services of those specialists who are in service.According to sources, there are several specialists in the health service, who can replace the retried hands. But they are currently deputed to either general or administrative cadre. Several district medical officers, additional district medical officers and those who head various surveillance projects are specialist doctors. They include director of health service Dr P K Jameela (paediatrician), additional director of health service (vigilance) Dr Ramani (medicine) and additional director of health service (planning) Dr Prabha Chandran ( psychiatrist).The state health service will soon face more problems with 75 specialist doctors retiring on March 31. To tide over the situation, the government is contemplating a proposal to raise the retirement age of government doctors to 60 from the present 55.After the specialty cadre was established in the health service, 300 posts are remaining vacant, since there are not enough specialists. Now with the mass retirement, the crisis is going to deepen. Several of the key posts will be left with only a few specialist doctors.Departments like medicine, surgery, radiology, dermatology and anaesthesia are the ones which will bear the brunt of it. Radiology has only eleven specialist doctors in the state and one of them is retiring this month. Similar is the case of anaesthesia, where four doctors are retiring out of the 76 available. Most number of doctors is retiring from the gynaecology - 20.In general medicine department, out of the 214 sanctioned posts there are only 119 specialists available now. Similarly, in surgery, in the 183 posts there are only 84 doctors. In anaesthesia, out of the 131 posts, the doctors available are 76. In dermatology, out of the 81 posts there are only 53 doctors, in radiology there are only 11 doctors out of the 21 sanctioned posts and in respiratory medicine, only 39 doctors are available out of the 71 sanctioned posts. The worst-affected is the forensic wing where there are 18 sanctioned posts but only three doctors are available in the service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227431", "title": "Minor working as maid raped, dumped", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just a month after the AIIMS baby saga exposed the thriving trafficking ring in the country, another horrific tale of sexual exploitation has surfaced. A minor, who was brought to the city to work as a maid, found herself tossed into the big bad world, where she was sexually abused for several months before being rescued by the police. A resident of West Bengal , the girl had come to the city with her mother in 2009. Her mother enrolled her at a placement agency in south Delhi and she was sent to work at a house in Prasad Nagar. The girl was shuttled around several houses, before she finally ran away last year. Then she was trapped by two men who repeatedly raped her before dumping her at a bus stand, where she was finally rescued.According to the girl's statement (a copy of which is with TOI) on March 9, a passerby spotted her at the bus stand and informed the police. She was taken to a rehabilitation home - 'Prayas' - in Tughlaqabad area of southeast Delhi. Two men have been arrested for allegedly raping the girl and those who exploited her are being tracked down.The girl was made to work at Prasad Nagar for 10 months and then 'transferred' to another house in Janakpuri. Her life became worse as she was made to do all the household work and take care of children till late in the night. After labouring for 18 hours a day, the girl was often be abused and thrashed. She was given food twice a day only. Every month, her salary would be collected by the agency while she would be left craving for food.While working at Janakpuri last year, the girl was called back by her agency and sent to a new house in Malviya Nagar. \"Here again, I was made to work day and night. The woman in the house would abuse and beat me up for petty faults. All my salary went to the agency and I don't even know if they gave any money to my mother,\" the victim said. Tired of being abused, the girl fled from the house on November 26 last year. A man, Basanta , spotted the girl at Begumpur bus stand, Malviya Nagar and befriended her. Basanta took the girl to Gurgaon on pretext of providing her with a job.According to the girl's statement, Besanta raped her for several weeks. He promised to marry her and asked her to keep their relationship secret. Things turned worse when Besanta's friend, Leela Ram, also raped her. A month later, the duo dumped her near Shivalik bus stand. The girl was spotted by a man who informed the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229749", "title": "Govind Nihlani all set to make a film", "text": "Celebrated director Govind Nihlani after a long hiatus is all set to make Hindi film. On a recent visit to Varanasi to participate in a seminar, he revealed that he is working on a script.\"We are in the script writing stage and the film would have a mixed star cast. Some big names would be part of the project ,\" is all he says about the film.\"After Dev I had started on an animation film Kamlu Happy Happy, which is based on the adventures of a baby camel in Rajasthan .Since I am facinated by animation so I started with it but as it ran into trouble so it took a lot of my time but now things have been worked out and it would soon hit the theatres,\" explains the director about his long absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12225709", "title": "CMAT results declared", "text": "The results of first edition of Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) 2012 were declared on Sunday. The test was conducted by the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) to help students avoid taking multiple entrance tests for admissions to management colleges across the country.The results include the total marks as well as the All Indian Rank (AIR) of the candidates in the exam. Individual CMAT scorecards having the sectional cutoffs in addition to the total marks and AIR will be released on March 15.CMAT, a computer-based test, was held from February 20-28 across 61 cities. In UP, test was conducted in seven cities -- Lucknow, Allahabad, Kanpur, Bareilly, Agra, Noida and Ghaziabad.AICTE took this initiative to address the issue of physical, mental and financial stress being imposed on the candidates through a number of entrance examinations being followed by the institutions for admission into management programmes in AICTE approved institutions. To do away with this, it introduced a national level common test. The exam was supposed to be compulsory from academic session 2013 but after some management colleges approached the Supreme Court, the former clarified that CMAT will not be the sole entrance test. Colleges can use CMAT scores besides others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227717", "title": "No religion preaches terror: Pak scholar", "text": "Shaan-e-Mustaafa conference held at Palace Grounds in the city. \"No religion allows killing of mankind. I have seen harmony in all the Vedas. No book or religion gives any space for terrorism. My aim is to spread the message of peace at all levels, irrespective of colour, creed and culture. This 'school of thought' should be kept above everything else and not related to any group,\" said Qadri.Bangalore: Islam is all about protecting mankind, being kind to women and the helpless , Mohammad Tahir ul Qadri (in pic), Pakistani Sufi scholar and former professor of international constitutional law at the University of Punjab in Lahore, said here on Sunday evening. \"Islam is also about being generous, respecting your neighbours and not letting them go to bed on an empty stomach. Please don't link terrorists and terrorism with Islam . There are terrorists in every religion.\" Qadri was speaking at the", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kakinada", "code": "12226743", "title": "Telangana sentiment a myth, says mantri Venkatesh", "text": "KAKINADA: Minor irrigation minister TG Venkatesh has riled pro-Telangana activists by saying that there was no real sentiment for a separate Telangana among the people of the region.The minister said that the so-called pro-T sentiment was a manufactured cause which was being propped up by a group of power-hungry politicians.\"The T-sentiment has lost its charm in the aftermath of Sakala Janula Samme (SJS), which proved costly for the region,\" the minister said.He said TRS had lost its influence with the people of the region, adding that the people would teach a fitting lesson to the party in the bypolls.He said that the Rayalaseema and Coastal Andhra regions had suffered during the mass agitation and averred that the focus on development had now shifted from Hyderabad to these two regions.The minister was speaking to the media during his visit to the East Godavari district on Sunday.He said that entrepreneurs in the Rayalaseema and Coastal Andhra regions who have set up businesses in and around the state capital were now looking at alternatives as the situation in Telangana appears less and less conducive to commerce.The minister was of the opinion that Coastal Andhra had the potential of emerging as a commercial zone due to proximity to sea.Venkatesh said that his ministry would soon undertake recruitment of engineers to cater to the farming community.He said they would also enlist the services of retired engineers for a period of two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12226742", "title": "'Environment issues should determine govt decisions'", "text": "PANAJI: Even as stakeholders told TOI on Sunday that industry infrastructure, regulated mining and the Regional Plan should hold priority with the new government, environment protection appeared to be the main concern of all.Industry captains want the government to play a proactive role in creating a climate to usher in long-term investment.Stating that the high power coordination committee, which clears new industrial projects has not met for the past few years, Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry president Manguirish Pai Raikar said, \"Industries need long-term commitment through quick administrative decisions and budgetary allocations for requisite infrastructure from the government, as investment cannot be short-term.\"He added that streamlining infrastructural needs, developing skills among local youth and setting up of eco-friendly industries, considering the state's fragile environment, are the most urgent industry needs. \"Land has to be allocated and we need initiatives for improving water, power supply and road connectivity,\" he added.GCCI, Raikar said, is willing to participate in the process of building a healthy industrial climate. Industry captains recommend setting up of an industrial investment facilitation board and proper infrastructure for sewerage and garbage.Goa's hotly debated mining industry should also be on the government priority list, feel mining activists. Intense mining activity during the past decade has prompted activists to ask the government to assess the damage. \"The state's interest should be on top of the agenda and its impact on people's health and water resources should be studied by an experts committee,\" Bicholim-based social activist Ramesh Gauns said.The government should not hesitate in taking firm decisions if the committee report suggests some harsh measures. \"If allowing mining is very dangerous to the state, the government should act firmly,\" Gauns said.Agreed Goa Foundation's Claude Alvares. \"The chief minister should take action based on the Shah commission report, just as he (CM) has assured,\" he said.He also reminded that the public accounts committee in the past assembly, headed by current chief minister Manohar Parrikar , had taken a stand on mining. \"I don't think Parrikar can go back on the PAC report,\" Alvares said. He added that the government can study recommendations of the Western Ghats ecology experts panel (WGEEP), to protect the state and its rich bio-diversity.\"Locals should benefit from mining and the environment should not be disturbed ,\" Alvares said. Goa mineral ore exporters' association executive director S Sridhar said the organization would consider putting its suggestions before the government. \"Legal mining should be allowed to continue,\" he said.On the issue of RP 2021, activists want the government to study the reasons why people want it scrapped. \"Eco-sensitive zones, floor area ratio (FAR) are some positive aspects which are already in the plan, so why scrap everything?\" Goa Bachao Abhiyan convenor Sabina Martins asked.Gauns agreed and said, \"The RP should be put on hold to ascertain whether the suggestions of all 189 panchayats have been complied with.\" Sale of land to vested interests for hotels , housing and recreational projects should be probed, Guans added.Martins said, \"Guidelines should be laid down to show on what basis changes will be made, as a lot of people have asked for conversion of eco-sensitive zones to settlement,\" she said. The government has to outline the process it will follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12226477", "title": "Kolkata cop killed for opposing eve-teasing", "text": "KOLKATA: A Kolkata police constable died on Sunday after he was beaten when he protested against eve-teasing during Holi celebrations at his home in Birati on the outskirts of Kolkata. The police registered an FIR more than 24 hours after he was thrashed.A group of seven inebriated youth barged into the house of constable Asim Kumar Dam (48) on Thursday and attacked him with hockey sticks and knives. They also beat other members of Dam's family, including his 78-year-old mother, brothers and sisters. The attackers are still absconding. One of them is the brother of a local CPM leader, claimed sources.\"They were abusive, made lewd comments and even tried to touch me,\" said Dam's niece. Her uncles protested. The gang left threatening to return. \"They returned with arms,\" she said. First, they hit Dam on the head with a hockey stick. Dam's neighbour Soma Banerjee said, \"They beat him (Dam) so badly that his head was bleeding. Soon, he collapsed.\"The Nimta police refused to accept a complaint by Dam's family on Thursday night. They later managed to lodge a complaint at the Airport police station the next morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12233809", "title": "I missed directing: Sundar C", "text": "Director Sundar C, who is returning to direction after his stint with acting, with Masala Cafe, says that he is happy to get back to be in the director's chair.Talking about how he moved from direction to acting, he says, \"Boredom sets in when you do the same thing again and again. I had a very unpleasant experience when filming for one of films in 2005, and one day, I just felt I wanted a break from direction. But I also had a team who I had to take care of. It was at this point that my assistant Suraaj directed the script of Thalai Nagaram to me. I told him that I would produce the film and asked him to sign up a hero but accidentally, I landed up that role as well. That film did well and I got lot of offers for acting. It also seemed to be the ideal break from direction. Almost all of the films that I have done since have been for my assistants or friends.\"And it was a coincidence that helped Sundar get back to his first love - direction. \"In 2010, I hurt my knee during shooting and was advised not to exercise. Coincidentally, I had an idea for a film which seemed an ideal way to return to direction. Directors can go on for days without working but once when they are struck with a knot, they will not be able to stop until they have turned it into a film. It was when shooting for Masala Cafe that I realized how much I loved direction,\" recounts Sundar adding that the happiness one derives when seeing their thoughts which were on paper make it to the screen is indefinable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12226669", "title": "Shortage of government quarters hits Kiran's ministers, whips", "text": "HYDERABAD: Government whips and new ministers of the Kiran Kumar Reddy government are doing the rounds of the General Administration Department (GAD) for accommodation. Recently, the government had named five MLAs and an MLC as government whips. Bhupalapalli MLA Gandra Venkataramana Reddy has been named the chief whip in the Assembly, apart from Arepalli Mohan ( Mana Kondur), Toorpu Jayaprakash Reddy (Sanga Reddy), A Anil Kumar (Balkonda), Perni Venkataramaiah alias Perni Nani (Machilipatnam) and MLC Dronamraju Srinivasa Rao. However, only Toorpu Jayaprakash Reddy, Anil Kumar and Perni Nani have managed to get their accommodation in government quarters.On February 9, a GO appointing the six as chief whips was issued, which automatically conferred on them cabinet minister status. Within a few days of their appointment, they sent requisitions to the government seeking official accommodation at Ministers' Quarters.The Ministers' Quarters on Road No.11, Banjara Hills, are allotted to cabinet ministers as soon as they are appointed. It is a general practice that soon after requisitions are received from ministers, the GAD recommends allotment of quarters and forwards it to the chief minister for clearance.\"As per the availability of quarters, we circulated the file to the chief minister. Based on our recommendation, only three whips, including A Anil Kumar (Quarter No. 14), Toorpu Jayaprakash Reddy (Quarter No.16) and Perni Nani (Quarter No. 23) were allotted government accommodation. We have already intimated them and sent official letters,\" a source from the GAD told TOI.Meanwhile, more requisitions started pouring in from new ministers Ganta Srinivasa Rao (minister for infrastructure, investments and ports), Uttam Kumar Reddy (housing) and Prasada Rao (handloom and textiles), the sources added.However, after several reminders, former minister Gade Venkata Reddy vacated Quarter No. 4 which was then allotted to Ganta Srinivasa Rao, while Quarter No. 25, where former handloom and textile minister Shankar Rao used to stay, was allotted to Uttam Kumar Reddy. Shankar Rao had vacated the quarters last December, much before he was sacked by the Congress government. \"The R&B; Department has taken up renovation of quarters 4 and 25 and the two ministers might occupy them next week,\" a senior GAD official said.There are no takers for Quarter No. 24, which has been lying vacant for the past few years due to vaastu problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12226666", "title": "'Rav...' reminds us to relax in this fast-paced world", "text": "PANAJI: Pilar Music Academy's Lenten operetta 'Rav...Khoim Vetai?' (Wait...where are you going?) revolves around the changing scenario in Goa where greed for fast money has resulted in the destruction of nature and its varied resources, besides degradation of family values.The operetta written and directed by Fr Mathew Fernandes unveils with the scene where storm breaks out in the sea and three disciples (Luis Fernandes, Dixon D'Costa and Ashley) plead with Jesus (Joe Menezes) to save them from the disaster. After the calm, as the disciples move towards the shore, they are taken aback as even the seas obey their master's command.At a corner of the beach Lester (Anil Pednekar) runs a shack where he intends to make fast money by drawing as many tourists as possible. Flamingo (Lenny Fernandes), one of the tourists visiting the beach, prefers to enjoy the serenity instead of the alcohol and drugs available at Lester's shack.Egbert (Elvis Mascarenhas), a local from the vicinity, also visits the beach to find peace and God. Flamingo is keen to know more about God and Egbert guides him on that track by providing knowledge about Jesus.Born and brought up in a family where values are regarded in high esteem, Egbert suddenly gets carried away by worldly pleasures and he is supported by his mom Rozanne (Olga Vaz). Egbert's sister Markisha (Aesica Mascarenhas) stands firm along with her dad Albin (George Gonsalves) to her decision not to support her brother's wicked plans.Will Egbert join hands with Lester to make fast money? What is the outcome of their decision and the turning point in their lives?Ben (Francis de Neturlim) as the shack assistant and Magno (John D'Silva) as an ordinary villager pair well with each other to provide laughter among the audience. The main backdrop creates the ambience of the beach and suits the plot well.The garbage issue, besides the need to relax in the fast-changing world has been well presented in the operetta. Music score by Fr Peter Cardozo and his team is appealing to the ears and soothing to the soul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225236", "title": "Sole to take over as mayor today", "text": "NAGPUR: Newly elected mayor Anil M Sole and deputy mayor Sandip C Jadhav will assume charge in a grand function to be held at 3pm on Monday at NMC's head office. Sole and Jadhav were elected on March 5.State president of BJP Sudhir Mungantiwar will be the chief guest while BJP leaders like Sanjay Joshi, MLAs Devendra Fadnavis, Sudhakar Deshmukh, Krishna Khopde and Vikas Kumbhare will be the other prominent dignitaries on the occasion. As Sole had become the 50th mayor, all former mayors have been invited at the programme. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, all elected 145 corporators and officials will also be present.Meanwhile, the mayor's office has been renovated to accord a warm welcome to Sole. A few works were also undertaken at the office of the deputy mayor. With this, the new body will start functioning from Monday. The election for chairman of standing committee will be held on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "field ganj", "code": "12226948", "title": "Leaving a stamp in printing world", "text": "FIELD GANJ: Prince Sachdeva of Model Town is an inspiration for those who do not shy away from taking risks for fulfilling their dreams. Breaking the tradition of taking the family's business of 'dhoop' and incense sticks forward, this 31-year-old scripted a success story in the printing industry by following his heart.After a BSc in IT in 2003, Sachdeva was keen to set up his own business. But that was not easy as his father was hard to convince. In fact, he had to make everyone understand what he wanted. He did it by installing printing and pasting machinery in his unit at Field Ganj, and hence started his journey under the name Jasroop printers in the year 2006. 'My biggest strengths were my brother Damanpreet and 'bhabhi' Gurvinder, who joined me and gave me all support. I could not afford a manager, so my 'bhabhi' volunteered and took the charge of the office ,' said Prince.He worked day and night and achieved his first milestone when his turnover crossed Rs 1 crore mark. 'As of now, we are concentrating more on the wedding cards and boxes and also plan to offer wedding planner services to our clients. I am sure of success with the blessings of the almighty,' said Gurvinder.Kawaljeet Singh and Baljeet Kaur, the proud parents of Prince, are very vocal about this fact. 'He has set the stage for achieving bigger heights in the times to come and like any other father, I am really happy and satisfied,' said Kawaljeet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12228030", "title": "We want to tap post recession scenario: Vijayvargiya", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh IT minister Kailash Vijayvargiya says that the future of state's IT sector is very promising and the government is keen to attract more IT companies to the state. He says as many as 17 IT firms including one from Germany have applied for land in Indore expressing their interest to set up offices. TOI's Kumud Das spoke to Vijayvargiya on his plans to boost state's IT sector. Excerpts:What is your expectation from the Union Budget on the IT front?We want the SEZ policy of the Centre, which comes to a close by the month-end, be extended for the next fiscal year too.Why do you want it be extended?After approving land for IT majors like TCS and Infosys and a few other small local groups like Ruchi and Impetus, we have also received applications from 17 IT companies, including a German firm Collabra, for land allotment in Indore. These 17 companies want to set up their offices in Indore. So, I do believe that the extension of SEZ policy will give a boost to these aspirant IT companies in the state.What is the reason that you assume behind the sudden growth in state's IT sector?There is a simple reason behind it. The global recession period has already come to an end and hence the IT companies have started exploring new horizons to ensure a steady growth of their business. So, we want to tap this opportunity by providing them the infrastructure required for setting up their offices. As Super Corridor area has come to saturation, we are now trying to accommodate new IT companies at places like Crystal IT Park within the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229806", "title": "Bipasha Basu loves Bengali sweets", "text": "Bipasha Basu's only weakness -- she just can't resist -- is sweets especially Bengali sweets.The actress says, \"The one thing that I can't resist is sweets including pastries and cakes.\" The actress has often broken her diet whenever a cake is called on the sets. \"I just can't resist scooping the cream with my finger. And I keep doing that! My colleagues have to literally stop me from doing that. They often tease me saying that I will finish the entire thing on my own.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12227295", "title": "No help for women at Mahila Thanas", "text": "NOIDA: The district administration has failed to keep its promise of providing a police station that can be easily accessible to women and handle their cases exclusively.The all women police station in Noida created a year back, the only such establishment in the entire Gautam Budh Nagar district, has fallen into complete disarray.Launched in 2010 along with 28 more all women police stations across the state, making UP the first state to have Mahila Thanas in all districts, this police station is managed by around 30 personnel including, the SHO and 25 female constables. However, with ill-maintained records, poorly trained staff, no assistance from any women's bodies or support groups and a surprisingly patriarchal attitude towards the victims, the role of the station has been reduced to that of a mere negotiator.\"I have been to this police station on two previous occasions to lodge a complaint against my husband and in-laws who assault me on a daily basis. But the staff here won't act unless I give a written application,\" said Pinki Sahai, a resident of Harola village in sector 5. \"The problem is that I am illiterate so I am unable to write an application. Even my mother and siblings are illiterate. The cops refuse to help me,\" she added.Sahai said that she was also turned away from the government multispecialty hospital in sector 30 as the authorities said the beatings allegedly inflicted by her husband made for a police case. In most such cases in other cities the police are bound to take the victim to the nearest hospital, but the staff at the all women police station claimed that \"there is no such rule here.\"The station is yet to compile a record of the number of cases handled so far. SHO Kalpana Gautam says that the station deals with around 4-6 cases each month, mainly related to marital disputes or domestic violence.Gautam and her staff rely chiefly on mediation to protect women and rehabilitate them, but complaints are rarely registered. \"Usually, the disputes are of minor nature, but the couples or their families aggravate the problem. We try and convince the women to reconcile with their husbands and in-laws and avoid lodging complaints,\" Gautam says.Asked if this means that the woman is assumed to be the catalyst of violence instead of being viewed as the victim, Gautam says most of her staff agrees that \"it is important for the woman to reconcile as there is little else that she can do.\" \"Most women who approach us are uneducated and have little or no source of income, so we think it is better if the parties patch up,\" Gautam says.DIG Jyoti Narayan said that while in the past many officials tried making changes, tying up with support groups and initiating programmes to help such women, none of these \"initiatives were institutionalized.\" \"You can blame it on the short tenure of officials or the attitude of policy makers, but none of these plans were ingrained in the system. However, one can't deny that a policy level plan is required to strengthen the all women police station,\" said Narayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230230", "title": "'B'wood music is gonna face big threat from albums in future'", "text": "Music composer Daboo Malik is back and will be next seen composing music for the film Raqt.Ask the composer about his views on the ongoing trend in Bollywood music and he says, \"It's great and there's some very good music happening. In fact the work being done is extraordinary and the change has to be accepted.\" Ask him about albums which are rarely seen these days and he says, \"I think, the demand for album has died down but the perception has to change and albums should be given a priority.And I feel slowly the trend of albums will be back as lot of companies have started producing them. Also Bollywood stars like Priyanka Chopra , who's doing an international album and will be singing soon and singers like Sonu Niigam, Shaan , Sunidhi Chauhan and others are planning to come up with albums in near future. Many are also contemplating to have collaboration with international singers and artists. In fact I believe more than 100 albums will be released by 2014 and there's gonna be a huge change. It's a cycle you know and Bollywood music is gonna have big threat from albums in coming years. And for sure there will be a parallel industry for albums.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12225964", "title": "Kalam to visit city tomorrow", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Former Indian President APJ Abdul Kalam will be the chief guest at the inaugural ceremony of the centenary celebrations of Vijana Parishad Prayag on March 13 while former chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission and principal scientific advisor R Chidambram will preside over the function.This information was given by the president of Vijana Parishad Prayag , Deena Nath Tiwari. More than 300 members of the parishad from all over the country are expected to take part in the celebrations.About 40 scientists will also be felicitated with Vijana Samman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226553", "title": "Kerala temples caste out purity phobia", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala temples are chanting a new mantra of inclusiveness, thanks to a silent revolution inside the sanctum sanctorum of hundreds of temples in the state.This move, powerful enough to break the last bastion of casteism, has already ushered in many non-brahmins to preside over pujas and kriyas hitherto handled only by priests who were brahmins by birth.In the last two months, the Travancore Devaswom Board (TDB) filled up 50 out of the 100 posts for pujaris (priests) with non-brahmins, who will soon start performing rituals in shrines assigned to them among the 2,000 temples under TDB.TDB had conducted a recruitment drive six months ago and interviewed hundreds of applicants belonging to all castes and they selected 199 pujaris, out of which 40% were non- brahmins. \"Even our ancient scriptures say a person becomes a brahmin through his deeds and life-style than by birth,'' said additional chief secretary K Jayakumar.Though caste is no bar for becoming a shanti (priest), TDB, in its latest notification has stated that the applicant must have an elementary knowledge of tantra-shastra, Sanskrit and a certificate from a Board-approved tantri (senior priest). \"He also should be a Malayali Hindu who is aware of the braminical tradition.'' said Krishnan Nambudiri, general secretary of Tantra Vidya Peetam, Aluva, a member of the interview board who selected the pujaris.\"Many non-brahmin candidates did equally well in terms of recitation of mantras and knowledge of tantras. They all attached tremendous aspirational value to these posts,'' he said. But some community members are upset at the entry of non-brahmin priests, especially when many poverty stricken brahmin families have no option but to subsist on dakshina. \"For brahmins, this is not just a job. In spite of all odds, the pujaris are still doing it out of sheer faith in God. The wisdom is passed on from father to son in an oral tradition. The belief should be inculcated from childhood and the sanctity begins from home and family first,'' said Subramanian Potti, officer bearer of Vaidika Samrakshana Samiti.Poet Vishnu Narayanan Namboothiri said it is not varnam (caste) but vasana (inclination) that matters. \"According to vedas , any person can conduct a puja, but it is important that he becomes a brahmin first, not just externally but internally. The devasom board should rehabilitate impoverished brahmins by providing them clerical positions before opening up this sector,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12226089", "title": "Kidnapped boy rescued, 2 held", "text": "MALDA: Two persons were arrested on Sunday in connection with the abduction of an 18-year-old boy. The boy was also rescued. Police are on the look out for others who are a part of the gang.Avinandan Roy had gone missing from his house at Kalitola under English Bazaar police station on Saturday. TNNSome youths had come to his house and called out to him. He went along with them and did not return, police said.It was learnt that some youths came to his house called him out in the morning. But he never returned.Instead, the boy's mother Suparna Saha started getting ransom calls. Suparna, a health worker, lodged a police complaint on Saturday night.It is learnt that Saha's parents were running a finance company and collected huge money from local people. But about a year back they escaped from Malda overnight without returning the money. Since then number of people were giving pressure on Saha for money. But Saha expressed her innocence about her parents. Saha said, \"I have told them repeatedly that I knew nothing of my parents. Still they were threatening us.\"Yesterday, kidnapping of Avinandan was a part of this demand as feared. Since the afternoon phone calls demanding money was received by Saha. Even Avinandan too spoke with her mother informing the kidanappers' demand.Today, Saha at the suggestion of police had agreed to give the money and called them to meet her at a particular spot. When two youths came to meet her, the plain clothed police arrested them. Interrogating them Avinandan was rescued. One of them was identified as Ataul Sk. Police Super Jayanta Pal said, \"We have arrested two youths and some more are being looked for. The boy was rescued and would be handed over to his parents after being produced to court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12225864", "title": "Ex-dacoit, BJP man held for sand mafia link in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Cracking down on the mining mafia behind a slew of attacks on police and civic officials, Madhya Pradesh police on Sunday arrested Kuber Singh, a former dacoit who is the lynchpin of the sand mafia, and Morena district's ex-BJP chief Hamir Singh Patel, who assaulted officials for impounding tractor-trolleys used in quarrying stone.Kuber and his gang had fired on a team of civil and police officials on Friday when they tried to destroy a makeshift bridge on the Ken river in Panna used to transport sand illegally to UP. Interrogation is on to ascertain if the duo were linked to the killing of IPS officer Narendra Kumar last week.A rattled state government has rushed 150 Special Armed Force (SAF) troops to take on the mafia in the Chambal division and hunt down other illegal miners.Kuber Singh, a former dacoit whose gang members had fired at a team of civil and police officials, and who tried to destroy a temporary bridge over Ken river in Panna to transport illegally mined sand to UP, is being interrogated. IPS officer Narendra Kumar Singh was killed after being hit by a tractor trolley laden with stones on Holi.Two companies of SAF armed with assault rifles and other sophisticated weaponry are in Morena and one more group is likely to reach the district shortly.Patel was arrested for allegedly assaulting officers and forcibly taking away two tractor trolleys used for stone quarrying. He had hit mining inspector Rajkumar Barethe on January 31 when he, along with district mining officer Rakesh Kaneria, impounded two tractor-trolleys engaged in illegal mining.Morena DSP Sanjay Kumar told TOI that each SAF company comprises 75 fighters, adding that they would be a part of task force comprising officials of district police, forest, and mining and revenue departments. Although the task force in Morena was formed some time ago, it was proving inefficient for want of policemen to check the illegal mining in Morena.A team of investigators reached Morena on Sunday to study the stones in the impounded tractor trolley that killed the young IPS officer. Comprising three experts, took the stones and reached some mines to zero in on the quarry from which it had been excavated, a top mining official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226517", "title": "Narrow roads will hinder rescue operations in Chalai", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Traders and public had a providential escape when a major fire gutted a parcel and cigarette depot in Chalai market here in November 2011. Though fire engines managed to reach the spot immediately, narrow roads leading to shops prevented the vehicles from reaching closer to the spot.\"It is very difficult for the fire and rescue service personnel to reach the interiors of Chalai market. The roads are too narrow for fire engines to move on. We have smaller fire engines that can wade through narrow stretches. But many streets in the markets are narrower than walkways,\" said Sivanandan, director (technical), Fire and Rescue Service Headquarters here.The recent major fire was reported around 10.30pm after most of the shops in the market shut down.Even in that case, fire and rescue personnel had to spend more than eight hours to extinguish fire completely. \"If a fire of similar magnitude happens during the busy hours or day time, it would be extremely difficult for us to reach anywhere near the spot,\" said an official who was one among the officers who led the fire fighting at Chalai.However, widening of narrow streets in Chalai market will be a task, easier said than done.\"Most of the real owners of many shops in the market had lost control over their tenants. Hence those who occupy such shops for a meagre rent would never agree with the idea of making any changes in the old structure,\" said Abdullah Haji who runs a wholesale shop at Chalai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225630", "title": "7 booked for dowry harassment", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman has registered a complaint of dowry harassment with the Andheri police against her husband and six members of his family.The victim, Nafisa Pirani (32), stayed in a joint family in Nalasopara (E). The accused booked are Nafisa's husband Pyare Ali (38), her father-in-law Firoz (62), mother-in-law Mehtab Bi (50), two brothers-in-law Rehman (45) and Ramzan (42), her sister-in-law Farida (42) and her mother-in-law's sister Khairunnisa (65). According to Nafisa's complaint, the accused used to beat her up for dowry between April and November 2011. \"Nafisa said she was asked to get Rs 3 lakh from her parents. When she refused, they harassed her mentally and physically,\" said a senior police official. Later, the accused threw her out of their house. Currently, Nafisa is residing with her parents at Andheri (E).All seven accused have been booked under Section 498 (A) of the Indian Penal Code for dowry harassment.\"Our investigation is in progress. We are trying to trace the accused, however, no arrests have been made yet,\" said Pradeep Gosavi, senior inspector of Andheri police station.According to the victim's complaint, the accused asked her to get Rs 3 lakh from her parents. When she refused, they beat her up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227248", "title": "Businessman \u2018loses\u2019 way in red-light area, robbed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A businessman was allegedly blackmailed by two women after he wandered off to the red-light area in search of auto parts. The victim, Kishan Kumar, claimed the women locked him in a room and threatened to frame him if he did not hand over the cash he was carrying. Kumar was on a business visit to the capital. On Saturday, he reached the Kamla Market area looking for auto parts. A passerby directed him towards GB Road. The accused have been identified as Surja, 40, a resident of Gwalior, and Lalita , 30, who belongs to Rajasthan.\"When he reached GB Road, he asked for a way to the shop and some mischief makers told him to go to the first floor of a nearby building. When he went upstairs, two women pushed him to a room and threatened him with dire consequences if he did not cough up all the money on him. The businessman panicked and handed over the Rs 10,000 he had,\" said a source. After he was released, he informed the police.\"We have registered a case of extortion under Sections 384, 411 and 34 of the IPC. A team led by Pramod Joshi, SHO, Kamla Market, raided the women's hideout and arrested them,\" said a senior police officer.\"They admitted to their involvement and were produced in the court. They have been sent to 17 days' judicial custody . We have recovered the money extorted from the businessman,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12227451", "title": "Shrinking Abohar sanctuary may force black buck migration to Rajasthan", "text": "AMRITSAR: The increasingly shrinking Abohar wildlife sanctuary habitat because of an increasing number of walled and barbed wire fencing of fields and presence of large number of dogs in the sanctuary have resulted in steep decline in the number of black bucks. These have also led to reverse migration of these animals to Rajasthan.Sources told TOI on Sunday that every year around 100 black bucks die after getting entangled in barbed wires or of mauling by stray and pet dogs. They also pointed out that the state wildlife department has failed to provide any protection to them. Ferozpur divisional forest officer (wildlife) Daljeet Singh, too, admitted that they have only two guards for the sanctuary spread over an area of 46,514 acres of land in 13 villages of Abohar tehsil in Ferozpur district. There are no inspectors or vehicles to guard the expanse which was first declared a wildlife sanctuary vide the Punjab Government notification dated June 1, 1993 for five years and while the final notification was issued in 2000.A total of 4,300 black bucks, including 1,812, 2,120 and 368 male, female and young ones respectively were counted during a three-day census conducted by the department last year, while a total of 5,557 were found in the sanctuary. However, this year no census has been conducted so far.The former divisional forest officer (Wildlife) Sanjiv Tiwari apprehended that the number of black bucks would have been certainly declined due to presence of dogs and use of barbed wire by farmers.\"There is possibility of black buck's reverse migration to Rajasthan where they could live in much safer environment,\" he said.With the laying of irrigation system, the farmers of 13 villages of Raipur, Rajan Wali , Dotaran Wali , Sardarpur, Khairpur, Sukchain, Sito, Mehrana, Himmatpur, Bazidpur, Bishanpur, Rampur and Narainpura started cultivating their land which had been declared as wildlife sanctuary by the government.\"They started demarcating their fields with barbed wire or by raising mud walls which restricted the movement of black bucks and many gets entangled and killed in the barbed wire,\" said sources.President, All India Jeev Raksha Bishnoi Sabha, Ramesh told TOI that the sanctuary land belonged to people of 13 villages and they were free to cultivate it. He denied raising barbed wire fences around farms but admitted that black bucks often fall prey to dogs.The number of stray dogs in the sanctuary had increased in recent past and they had approached the government to control their population. He said in the absence of sufficient staff they themselves fight with poachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12226539", "title": "High court dismisses plea against Manovikas", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently dismissed petitions filed by the All Goa Unaided Schools Parents Association (AGUSPA) and several parents alleging that the management of a private unaided English medium school had been charging fees in excess of the fee structure approved by the education department (DoE).A division bench comprising Justice S C Dharmadhikari and Justice U V Bakre passed the judgment. AGUSPA had alleged that the management of Manovikas English Medium School was issuing fee slips and collecting fees that were not approved by DoE. They had pointed out that it is mandatory under Section 19 (3) of the Goa School Education Act that the management of every unaided private school submit their fee structure for approval of the directorate every academic year.The second petition had been filed by one Timoteo Luis Colaco and four other aggrieved parents. They alleged that the management was using coercive tactics by issuing notices to the petitioners and threatening to strike off the names of their wards from the rolls of the school, if the fees as demanded, were not paid.In reply, the school had submitted to the court that the fees deposited by the petitioners are not in accordance with the fees which the school was legally entitled to charge. Since the petitioners despite repeated reminders failed to pay the outstanding amounts, the school was compelled to issue show cause notices to the parents.While dismissing both pleas, the bench directed the school to give reasonable time to the parents to pay fees for their wards in terms of the fee structure approved by the DoE. The school has also been directed to reimburse the excessive fees, if any, collected from the parents for the academic year 2011-12, or to adjust the same in the fees to be paid in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12227655", "title": "State says no to CBI probe against BS Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: The government has opposed a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) probe into former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's alleged role in illegal mining. The government's stand was spelt out in an affidavit filed before the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) which has been asked by the Supreme Court to look into a plea for CBI probe against Yeddyurappa.The affidavit was filed in February, much before a division bench of the Karnataka high court quashed Yeddyurappa's indictment in the Lokayukta report on illegal mining.Reasoning out why the CBI probe was not warranted into allegations that the former CM received kickbacks from South West Mining Company (SWMC) to show undue favours, the affidavit said Yeddyurappa was neither the CM nor mining minister when leases were granted to SWMC and JSW company.Seeking dismissal of activist Hiremath's application , the affidavit said: \"The case made by the petitioner is incorrect and inferences drawn are untenable. To request for CBI investigation in such a casual manner is without any merit. The facts mentioned by the petitioner have already been attended to and the Lokayukta court and other courts are already seized of the matter.\"The government explained that it had constituted a Special Investigating Team (SIT) to investigate illegal mining, extraction and transportation of iron ore on the allegations against JSW.On the alleged theft of 5.5 lakh tonnes of iron ore from Belikere port, the affidavit said 23 chargesheets had been filed against Adani Enterprises and they are pending before a court in Ankola, Uttara Kannada district.On the other allegation, the state said it is ready for demarcation of inter-state boundary with Andhra Pradesh at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12226473", "title": "Aziz replaces Pillai as RSP secretary", "text": "Alappuzha: A A Aziz is the new state secretary of Revolutionary Socialist Party (RSP).The Iravipuram MLA was elected unanimously by the state conference. State secretariat member K S Venugopal suggested Aziz's name and former secretary V P Ramakrishna Pillai supported the move.It was expected that Pillai would be removed as secretary during the four-day state conference.RSP has been dogged by infighting among factions led by T J Chandrachoodan and Pillai.The secretary was under fire from many quarters within the party as he failed to get more seats during the last assembly elections from the LDF leadership.Salim P Chacko, C Rajalekshmi, K Jayakumar, professor N Chandrasekharan Nair and R M Bhattathiri are the new faces in the 46-member state committee. Pachalloor Nagendran, K Krishnakumar, R Chandran, advocate M J Antony and professor V S Madhavan Nair were ousted from the committee.The four-day state conference of the RSP concluded here on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12225952", "title": "Principals' day out on river cruise", "text": "KOLKATA: Saturday will not be easily forgotten by the school principals and teachers of the cityMarch 10 is one day which school principals will not forget in a hurry for a long time to come. It was a day when heads of various city schools and other esteemed members of the teaching fraternity got a chance to enjoy themselves to the hilt with not a line of worry to crease their brows.The Times NIE Principals' Meet which was held aboard the MV Ahalya saw guests from The Heritage, Adamas International, St James, South City International School, Shri Shikshayatan, Indus Valley World School, Techno Model School Salt Lake among many others being taken for a fun-filled river cruise on the River Hooghly.This was being the first time that such a meeting was held aboard a boat. was the reason why most of the invited heads of institutions turned up early in the morning all set to enjoy the day ahead. They had a great time And enjoy themselves they sure did with fun and games galore, mouthwatering snacks and a sumptuous lunch. There couldn't have been a better way to celebrate the beginning of a What better chance than this to celebrate the beginning of the new academic year and getting an opportunity to interact with others of the fraternity in a relaxed environment. Dressed in their casual best, they chatted away to the dozens, sharing jokes and anecdotes and enjoying the cool river breeze as they cruised up and down the river.Magician Raven put his audience into the mood for some fun with his card and coin tricks. This was followed by four rounds of What's the Good Word which had the principals, vice-principals and teachers gleefully guessing the right word from the clues enacted by volunteers. An interesting sports quiz, housie, spinning a yarn and the perennial favourite antakshari had the school heads singing away to glory, numbers both old and new with much gusto. There were prizes aplenty for thepleased as punch winners.\"I went back to my school days during the antakshari... I have never enjoyed myself so much and I am so glad I came,\" exclaimed Apala Chakraborty, principal, Aditya Academy Senior Secondary School, Barasat. \"It was so thoughtful of Times-NIE to come up with this unique idea think of so unique an idea for this principal's meet,\" smiled Sunita Sen, principal, Ballygunge Shiksha Sadan.The meet was organized in association with KOOH Sports, iDiscoveri Education, HCL Digischool and Clat Possible. The event was supported by Cello and Re-feel Gifts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12225938", "title": "Banks refuse to give loans to big airlines", "text": "NEW DELHI: The big boys of Indian aviation - Air India, Jet and Kingfisher - have sought government intervention in getting banks to lend working capital to them. An aviation ministry source said that banks have completely stopped lending to airlines and that the sector is facing its gravest fight for survival.\"Airlines have told us that bank funds are out of bounds for them even as working capital requirement is shooting up. With crude oil at $130 a barrel, there are indications that jet fuel price will rise again. Banks ask for viability before lending but the sector as of now is anything but that,\" said a source, warning that unless some sector-specific package is worked out, other airlines too could join the ranks of AI and Kingfisher, who are on the verge of closure.The ongoing Kingfisher crisis is, in fact, proving to be a double-edged sword for the aviation ministry. While it realizes the sector as a whole needs a package to survive, any push at this time \"is being seen as a sop to save Kingfisher,\" said a senior official. While this charge virtually rules out any swift action, Kingfisher itself is benefiting from this muddle.Aviation authorities say they will keep a close eye on the situation in Kingfisher on Monday from when a many pilots have threatened to go on strike for not getting paid. If that happens, the airline would not be able to meet the highly truncated schedule of 175 daily flights on 28 working aircraft.\"If Kingfisher comes to a position where it can't keep its schedule because of unpaid pilots going on strike, we'll need to take some action. But if we do that, how can we overlook AI, where unpaid pilots have threatened to go on leave from April 1?\" said an official, adding that the only difference is that AI is government-owned.The ministry is worried that the small LCCs may not be able to escape the fate of the big players as the cost environment is getting worse due to high jet fuel prices. But with a policy paralysis plaguing the government, no one is sure whether UPA-II will act before it is too late .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12226922", "title": "Now, Yeddyurappa vows to serve party as foot soldier", "text": "HUBLI: Contrary to his earlier statements demanding the chief minister's gaddi back, it was a defensive former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa at the \"show of strength\" event organized by his loyalist ministers and legislators here on Sunday, where he vowed to strengthen BJP as an ordinary party worker.Yeddyurappa set a tone that none of his supporters demand a post for him.Speaking to reporters after a meeting with his followers at a hotel, the former CM said he will not take up any role in the party and he will decline even if he is told to take over as the BJP state president by a mere phone call.The event held at Nehru grounds here had an overwhelming response from his supporters from all parts of the state besides the attendance of ministers Jagadish Shettar, R Ashoka, Shobha Karandlaje, Murugesh R Nirani, Basavaraj Bommai, C M Udasi, Umesh V Katti, V Somanna and M P Renukacharya, MPs Suresh Angadi, Prabhakar B Kore and legislators. Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda , state BJP president K S Eshwarappa and Karnataka in-charge Dharmendra Pradhan , who met Yeddyurappa on Saturday, abstained from the event.Yeddyurappa's statement may not ease the worries of Gowda - the former fired a fresh missile, saying he will not campaign in the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha byelelction. \"If I visit the constituency, it will only embarrass the CM and state party president K S Eshwarappa as I'm still facing six to eight corruption charges,'' he added. This was an oblique reference to Gowda's statement in Mumbai on the day Yeddyurappa was given a clean chit by the high court in the Lokayukta's report on illegal mining. Asked by the media in Mumbai whether Yeddyurappa would be given the CM's post again - as he had quit the gaddi on these charges - Gowda had said the former CM had eight more corruption cases against him. Replying to the felicitations, Yeddyurappa said: \"I have mastered the skill of how to attack in the last 40 years of political life.\"Stating that he will tour the state without any power or position, Yeddyurappa told the gathering: \"I'm with you and will write this in blood. From today onwards, I don't have any faction in the party.\" On the maiden state budget to be presented by Gowda, the former chief minister stated: \"I would have put Karnataka in No. 1 position in development, which is now in second position, if I had not been harassed and tortured by my own party leaders and including opposition parties to step down from the CM's gaddi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12225825", "title": "Cops' traffic warden plan takes off again", "text": "NASHIK: The city police commissionerate is planning to post traffic wardens on city roads to assist the local police in easing traffic congestion and curb indiscipline by motorists. The plan was put into action after a delegation from NGO Eco Drive called upon the police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal to discuss traffic snarls in the city and the need to streamline traffic at various junctions.Tejas Chavan of Eco Drive said, \"Our main purpose is to undertake joint activities by the police and the public for creating public awareness on the issue. Starting the traffic warden scheme is one of them.\" If some renowned people of the city come on the streets regularly with their supporters or staff to increase awareness about vehicular traffic, along with the traffic cops, it would definitely have an impact on motorists in the city.\"Chavan added, \"This can be done at different signals in the city. We are chalking out a feasible programme for the same and will present this to the police commissioner.\" He pointed out that Eco Drive, which has conducted many programmes in the city like cleanliness drives, voting camps, etc wanted to work in co-ordination with the police to spread awareness about various issues, incuding traffic discipline.Sources, however, said that a couple of years ago, when traffic wardens were appointed in the city, they were accused of acting as agents of the traffic cops and collecting money on their behalf. After rising complaints against traffic wardens, they were finally taken off the streets by the city police commissionerate.Many feel a concrete traffic warden programme should be worked out and monitored to ensure that the same thing doesn't happen all over again. Traffic wardens have, however, become a necessity on roads in the city given the skeletal traffic police staff on the roads and the rising number of vehicles and traffic rush on the city roads daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12225940", "title": "Electric train on Bina-Kota section", "text": "ALLAHABAD: CORE (Central Organisation for Railway Electrification) has achieved a spectacular feat as electric train services has been introduced in the Bina-Kota section. Further, it has also introduced goods train services on electric traction in Chhapra-Barauni section.Electric train services has been introduced in Bina-Kota section of West Central Railway on January 18, 2012. Electrification of Bina-Kota section covering 308 kms had been approved by the Railway Board in the year 2006-07 at an approximate cost of Rs.164.71 crore.CRS inspection of entire Bina-Kota section was conducted successfully on February 12,13 for getting the section authorised for passenger services on February 18. Bina-Kota section of West Central Railway links two major trunk routes - Delhi-Mumbai via Western Railway and Delhi-Mumbai via Central Railway. Both routes are fully electrified. Bina-Kota route forms link between Western region where most of the thermal power plants and industries are located and Chota Nagpur area and Southern coal fields towards Western region are affected through this route. The movement of raw materials and finished product of various industries on the section like NFL , chambal fertilizers, coal for thermal plants, Kota stones, teak wood are also carried through this route.Goods train services on electric traction have been introduced in Chhapra-Barauni (140km) section of East Central Railway on February 14. Hajipur traction sub-station was also commissioned on January 11 2012 for feeding the section. In the month of January 2012,a saving of approximately Rs. 19 lakh was achieved in this section due to electric traction.With the electrification of Barauni-Chhapra section, electric trains coming from Eastern region will go upto Chhapra without change of traction at Barauni, a congested yard. Also, this route has become an alternative electrified route between northern and eastern part of the country.Chhapra-Barauni section is a part of Barabanki-Gorakhpur-Barauni electrification project which was sanctioned on May 11, 2007 at a cost of Rs. 679.95 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12225919", "title": "Samajwadi Party leader kills brother, shoots self", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Panic prevailed in Deokali Arvind Nagar locality under Kotwali police station on Sunday morning when a Samajwadi Party leader shot dead his 46-year-old elder brother and later shot himself.As per reports, a Samajwadi Party leader Prakash Mohan Ojha, 40, lived at his rented accommodation along with his brothers in Deokali Arvind Nagar locality.Local residents said Ojha was depressed because he was not given the ticket from Ranigunj assembly seat. On Sunday morning he took out his father's SBBL gun and shot dead his elder brother, Chandra Mohan Ojha and thereafter chased his another brother Anand Mohan Ojha who fled from the spot.Later, Prakash Mohan Ojha bolted himself inside a room and shot himself. Hearing gunshots, locals rushed to the spot and took a profusely bleeding Chandra Mohan Ojha to hospital where he was declared brought dead.Prakash Mohan is battling for life in a city hospital. The police have registered a case against him at Kotwali police station on the basis of complaint filed by his brother Anand Mohan Ojha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226575", "title": "Cash- for-Raj: CM dares opposition to prove deal", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy on Sunday challenged opposition leader V S Achuthanandan and CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan to prove that he has bribed R Selvaraj for quitting the MLA post.Selvaraj, meanwhile, chan- ged his stand for the third time in 72 hours by claiming on Sunday that he would not join the UDF. He also ruled out contesting from Neyyattinkara on a UDF ticket.\"I urge both the leaders to prove that the money was given to Selvaraj at my home,\" said the chief minister while speaking to reporters. He said that the CPM was levelling baseless allegations since they didn't have any reply to the allegations made by Selvaraj. \"The opposition is trying to cover up issues that plague the CPMby levelling such allegations against UDF leaders. Their ultimate aim is to cover up the issues that had led to the resignation of Selvaraj,\" said Chandy.Meanwhile, the chief minister's office issued a press release claiming that the government had so far sanctioned Rs 264 crore to different constituencies represented by opposition MLAs. The biggest beneficiary is A M Arif who represents Aroor constituency for which Rs 49.50 crore has been sanctioned. For the Malampuzha constituency represented by opposition leader V S Achuthanandan, the government has given Rs 8.40 crore. Similarly for the constituencies represented by M A Baby (Rs.11.70 crore), P K Gurudasan (Rs.23.25 crore), G S Jayalal (Rs 11.20 crore), K Kunjiraman (Rs 7.30 crore), E K Vijayan (Rs 6.15 crore), and Thomas Isaac (Rs 3.40 crore) have also got funds sanctioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227345", "title": "More solar flares likely in 2013-14", "text": "How much do we know about the sun?The sun is an extremely hot and enormously huge nuclear furnace made of ionized gases. There is a complex mechanism of several forces that keeps the sun the way it is. The major activities by which the sun interacts with its surrounding universe are by ejecting solar flares, coronal mass ejections (CME), high-speed solar wind, and solar energetic particles.What are these solar activities?Although it is made of gases and has no solid surface, the sun has certain defined structures . These structural areas are the core - the centre with a radius comprising 25% of the sun's radius; the radiative zone -the next section, which expands to the next 45% of its radius; and the convective zone comprising the remaining 30% of the solar radius. There are certain relatively cool areas on its surface called sunspots. The number of sunspots waxes and wanes in 11-year cycles and the exact cause is yet unknown. They are however involved with most of the solar terrestrial activities. The next maximum is expected in 2013-14 . A solar flare is an outburst of radiations coming from the release of magnetic energy associated with the sunspots. They appear like bright areas on sun's surface .How do these solar activities impact earth?Solar flares affect the ionosphere immediately after being spotted . They adversely affect communication and radio navigation. The solar energetic particles are a major threat to electronics of spacecraft and unprotected astronauts . The solar plasma can cause a geomagnetic storm. It causes current to flow in the earth's magnetosphere and could energise particles.What are the past examples of solar activities hitting life on earth?In September 1859, solar emissions rocked the planet. Within hours, they disrupted telegraph communications in US and Europe. Another major impact was witnessed in 1989 when the current induced by CME lead to the collapse of the power network in Quebec, Canada . The transformers failed and there was a blackout which lasted for 9 hours. In 1994, a solar storm caused malfunctioning of two communication satellites , which disrupted newspapers , network television and radio services in Canada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12226625", "title": "Samayapuram fest begins in all earnest", "text": "TRICHY: The Poochoriyal (ritual sprinkling of flowers over the idol of the presiding deity) festival of Samayapuram Mariamman temple got underway this Sunday, the first of the four consecutive Sundays during the Tamil months of Masi and Panguni when the festival is celebrated with religious fervour and generous offerings to the Moolavar. The fourth Sunday on April 1 will culminate in the much-awaited car festival in the temple, which has of late become a famous religious centre for Shakti cults.The highlight of the annual festival would be that the Moolavar, the Shakti, deviating from the beaten religious track, would herself fast for four weeks in order to safeguard the interests of her countless devotees. This is the only temple in the country where the Moolavar herself, instead of devotees, is fasting for the sake her devotees. More than one lakh people visited the temple on Sunday, said joint commissioner of the temple Bharathy. As such, during the period of Amman fasting, the Shakti will not be offered the usual Neiveidyams (offerings of cooked items), but only light drinks such as tender coconut, sugar candy, jiggery water, and butter milk.A priest said the fasting (locally known as Pachai Pattini Viratham) is also observed by the Amman to ward off the negative spell emanating from Her torture of Mayasuran, the villain of the righteous in the religious context. To mark the occasion, hundreds of locals carried baskets flowers through the Rajaveedhis of Samayapuram followed by the ritual procession of temple elephants. The temple and its vicinity wore a festive look, and the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments department had made elaborate arrangements for the staging of various kinds of folk arts at strategic locations.As many as 2,000 police personnel were pressed into security service, and it was personally overseen by SP Lalitha Lakhsmi. All the vehicles coming from the Trichy end were stopped at what was known as \"old petrol bunk\" where a police check post had been erected.The temple authorities had made arrangements to provide drinking water to devotees by mounting portable water tanks at regular intervals. Shakti cult is very popular in this temple, and nesting in the natural landscapes on the bank of Cauvery on the Trichy-Chennai highway, this temple attracts a large number of devotees on a regular basis who throng here to get a \"cure\" for afflictions such as chickenpox and smallpox. The police had erected seven towers to monitor the situation from a higher pedestal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227672", "title": "Academy for cell detection", "text": "With the times changing, the needs of the 21century learner is changing too. With this in mind, BD Biosciences in India has established a Flow Cytometry Academy in collaboration with Jamia Hamdard University.Flow Cytometry, a recent technological advancement, has changed the face of modern life, science and biotechnology research. The academy will conduct basic and advance level training courses, workshops, and seminars on flow cytometry as well as research in clinical applications. It will also be equipped with other routine laboratory equipment and will have its own cell and tissue culture facility. At present, the academy is being hosted by Jamia Hamdard and the Flow Cytometry Society of India. A year later, Jamia and BD will form the curriculum and offer diploma courses, etc, through the academy. S Raisuddin, faculty and advisor, research at Jamia Hamdard says, \"The academy is for human resource development activities. The FACS machines are instrumental in the diagnostics field. In total, six FACS machines have been set up in the academy, which will be open to students from the next academic year in 2013.\"While the degree will be issued by the university, the academy is currently open to researchers at the university and also those outside. In the new academic year in 2013, the university will launch a PG diploma course in cell technology, which will include cell analysis, imaging and diagnostic applications . The course will be a blend of theory and practical exposure along with clinical applications. Students who have completed their Bachelor's degree either in nursing, pharmacy, ayurvedic medicine or any of the biological sciences, will be eligible for the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12226912", "title": "Badal keenly following BJP's picks for elevation", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leadership is in the process of finalizing its MLAs to be included in the state cabinet and to be appointed as chief parliamentary secretaries along with a deputy speaker, chief minister Parkash Singh Badal also appears to be taking keen interest in the matter.Sources in the SAD-BJP alliance revealed that while Badals are already happy with the appointment of Chunni Lal Bhagat as leader of BJP legislature party as he is quite docile in nature and avoids confrontation, the CM is keen that his close confidant, former bureaucrat Som Parkash, who has won from Phagwara reserve seat, also be picked by the BJP leadership for elevation.Sources revealed that after Badal asked BJP for considering Parkash's name, the BJP leaders have conveyed that in that case SAD should give an extra post to BJP to adjust him otherwise the party would not be able to elevate him from its own quota as Parkash is a first-time MLA. Out of 12 BJP MLAs, four are third timers, four are second timers and four are first timers.It is learnt that Badal had suggested that Parkash could be made deputy chief minister, but BJP leadership asked the CM to leave one extra post for BJP in that case. It is generally believed in the BJP circles that Parkash was given ticket for parliament elections from Hoshiarpur mainly on Badal's recommendation.A senior leader in BJP revealed that while Chunni Lal was preferred by the BJP high command as a solution of competition between two claimants - Manoranjan Kalia and Madan Mohan Mittal - SAD bosses were feeling that they would be more comfortable with a benign fellow like Chunni Lal rather than Kalia and Mittal, who had been pricking the senior alliance partner on contentious issues during 2007-2012 and 1997-2002 tenures, respectively.Reducing dependence on BJPMeanwhile, a section of BJP leadership has grown wary of SAD's social engineering formula, which resulted in eight of its Hindus candidates entering the assembly. \"This can reduce the role of BJP in mobilizing Hindu voters towards the alliance as SAD is itself taking up the role and decreasing its dependence on BJP,\" said a BJP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12229530", "title": "High speed rail track in China collapses after heavy rains", "text": "BEIJING: Adding to the woes of China's beleaguered railway sector, a section of a new high-speed rail track in central China's Hubei province collapsed possibly due to persistent rains, prompting authorities to rush hundreds of workers for its repair.The Hanyi High-speed Railway, which links the provincial capital Wuhan and Yichang city, is expected to open in May. But part of it has already collapsed after test runs, amid persistent rains.The roadbed of a 300-metre section rail in Qianjiang city collapsed on Friday.Workers said that heavy rains in the past few days may have caused the problem, state-run Xinhua news agency reported today.The 291-km Hanyi railway, constructed by the China Railway's 12th Bureau Group Co., will be a major high-speed rail in central China.The Railways Ministry, which has been under fire for lax safety standards, has said it remained committed to high-speed rail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12225435", "title": "Full grown leopard falls into tank", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A full grown leopard was found trapped after falling into an empty water tank in Lohara forest research centre located at the outskirts of the town. Massive rescue operations were launched after it was discovered on Sunday afternoon, however, the foresters were unable to fish out the beast till late evening.Sources in the forest department said that the leopard might have fallen into the tank while pursuing a prey. tnnThe tank is 12 feet deep and 10 x 10 feet in circumference with no parapet wall. It was constructed to water the plantation in research centre premises but later the department left it unattended.The leopard seems to have fallen into the tank about 12 hours ago. Due to steep concrete wall around it, it failed to scale the tank. The incident was noticed by research center's staff on Sunday afternoon and they immediately informed the higher officers. Acting DCF of centre Ganga Wane and RFO, Chandrapur range, Abhay Badkelwar rushed to the spot with a team.Forester officers put a bucket full of water into the tank first for the leopard to drink. They then tried to prompt the leopard to scale the wall out by putting long wooden beams and even a ladder. However, being agitated from the fall, the beast did not attempt scaling out. Foresters also saw remains of a spotted deer eaten by the leopard. Forest officers said that the leopard is not responding to rescue efforts, however, once it calms down by night, it can easily scale over the wooden beam or ladder and escape into the jungle.Wildlife activists have cried foul over the lethargy of forest authorities for leaving deep tanks unprotected in a jungle having ample wildlife presence. \"Foresters know that there is good population of tigers, leopards, bears and herbivores in this jungle. A tigress had even died recently in the same area. Still they have carelessly left empty tanks as death traps for the animals ,\" said wildlife activist Neeraj Potdar.He alleged that many beasts have been killed in last couple of years due to falling into the wells with no parapet walls, still the tanks are left unattended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12226485", "title": "Rohtak gang rivalry a decade old", "text": "GURGAON: The gang war in Karor village in Rohtak has hit the headlines after Saturday's incident in which three members of one gang including their leader were shot dead inside a police van. Police officers say that the enmity between the two gangs has been there for over a decade and the situation has become so bad, that around 30 families have migrated from the village in recent years.Investigators said that though leaders of the two gangs - Shri Bhagwan and Chippi - were lodged in different jails, they have been initiating the killing of members of each other's gangs with the help of their members and shooters.Police officers said that the rivalry between the two gangs had started in 2002. Chippi, who has now been accused of plotting Shri Bhagwan's murder, is the son of one Rame of Karor village who was killed by Shri Bhagwan.Senior police officers, who have been following the gang war, recalled that Shri Bhagwan's gang members had killed Rame and his brother in 2002. Soon Rame's wife Roshni Devi fled from the village with her two sons - Chippi and Sombeer. At that time they were 11 and 12 years old respectively.According to sources, Roshni Devi spent years with her sons in different parts of Delhi and her focus was to bring up the two brothers as dreaded gangsters so that they could take revenge of their father and uncle's murder.After they grew older, the duo managed to kill two brothers and a nephew of Shri Bhagwan in the same village where their father and uncle were shot dead. With this, the series of contract murders started in the village.By the time he turned 22, Chippi had become a notorious gangster and the leader of a team of criminals. With the support and participation of most wanted criminals from the entire region such as Sandeep alias Kala of Sonipat, Chippi grew to be one of the most dreaded and notorious gangsters of the area. The gang members were wanted in several cases of dacoity and murders in Haryana and Maharashtra. Though both Shri Bhagwan and Chippi were lodged in different jails, they were striking their targets at will by hiring shooters and using their network of gang members.Police officers posted in Rohtak said that those who have left the village have shown no interest to return, as they feared for their lives.The terror of Shri Bhagwan and his brother Dilbagh continued till they were gunned down on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227381", "title": "Debris, radiation fear, mistrust still piling up", "text": "It is one year since the Great Eastern Japan Earthquake generated a tsunami that ripped apart the north-eastern sea-coast of Japan leaving over 20,000 people dead and the Fukushima nuclear power plant damaged. The triple disaster is estimated to have caused losses worth $235 billion according to World Bank .Pictures circulated worldwide by visiting journalists show spectacular scenes of the massive clean up operation launched by the government of Japan. But the reality is numbingly grim. Goshi Honoso , Japan's environment minister speaking at a routine press conference on February 21, urged local governments to help in cleaning up the debris left behind in Iwate, Miyagi and Fukushima prefectures, the three areas which bore the brunt of the tsunami, reports Kyodo news agency.Then, he revealed jaw dropping numbers: an estimated 22.53 million tonnes of debris was created by the tsunami . Of this, only 1.18 million tonnes, that is, about 5% has been disposed of. The rest of it is simply bulldozed and piled into giant heaps, some as high as 20 meters high.The debris consists mainly of wood used in making earthquake resistant houses. It is this wood - in the form of pieces big and small - which is difficult to dispose off. It can't be recycled, and so it has to be burnt.A poll of Japan's 1,789 municipalities reveals that only 27 (~ 1.5%) say they will accept tsunami debris for disposal , 127 (~ 7%) say they are willing to consider it, 466 say accepting waste might be too difficult, and 753 say they are not planning to get involved. 53% of the dissenting local communities said they have no facilities for disposal, 41% cited fears of radioactive substances , 24% pointed to the geographical distance for transportation and 20% cited opposition by local residents, according to Kyodo News.Repeated polls over the past year show that there is a growing sense of mistrust towards the government's handling of the nuclear disaster and it is casting a shadow over clean up efforts. People think that the debris may be contaminated.The minister reportedly urged that only 4 million tonnes needed to be accepted by other prefectures, as the rest would be disposed off in Fukushima itself. But such are the deep-seated fears of radioactive contamination that there are no takers.Experts have found that although there is a higher radioactive exposure of about 8 milliseverts to residents of the area, this is much below the 20 millisevert level that is considered as an emergency.But the Japanese see things differently - and not without reason. According to a public opinion poll released by newspaper Mainichi Shimbun, 83% of Fukushima residents and 73% countrywide felt 'greatly' or 'somewhat' worried about radioactive contamination. More importantly, 70% of people in the three disaster hit prefectures , and 71% people countrywide , felt that government was \"hiding\" information.Recently released documents of the top-level government meetings during March and December 2011 show confusion , lack of a chain of command , miscommunication and a tendency to play down dangers. Even the fact that meltdown of the nuclear core had taken place in the reactors at Fukushima was confirmed as late as May 2011.Bitterness is rampant among survivors of the nuclear disaster and 150,000 directly affected evacuees from Fukushima prefecture because Tepco, owner of the stricken nuclear plant, has offered only $13,045 as ad hoc compensation . Japan has no cap on liability of the owner but Tepco has circulated a 60 page compensation claim form, with 150 pages of instructions to be filled up leaving survivors enraged , according to a Greenpeace report. Tepco has been roundly held responsible for failure of the nuclear plant and subsequent mishandling of the disaster.In Fukushima, Miyagi and Iwate prefectures, 1300 people are suspected to have died after March 11, due to psychological trauma associated with evacuation, and the aggravation of existing chronic conditions according to medical journal Lancet.This background of mistrust and deception, coming on top of enormous suffering, haunts the island nation, and especially the 350,000 people, who are living in camps unable to go back home to Fukushima.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225453", "title": "Doctors raise awareness on kidney ailments", "text": "NAGPUR: Fruits and salads may be seen as a healthy food option, but not so for kidney patients. For those whose kidneys have been transplanted, it is possible to lead a near-normal life with the help of the right medication. Several tips like these were doled out during the course of an interactive discussion about ways to avoid as well as manage the various kidney conditions on Sunday. A day after the world kidney day was celebrated, city doctors spread a word of awareness about the ailments that can affect this all-important organ.Academy of Medical Sciences, that has been conducting a lecture series called 'Doctor tell me about...' for 16 years has earlier organized talks on issues like teenage, alcohol, diabetes , arthritis , cancer and obesity among others. Experts from organizations like Central India Nephrology Society, Central India Kidney Foundation and Dyanyoddha also contributed their bit to the talks.Nephrologists Vandana Baraskar, VL Gupta, Dhananjay Ookhalkar, uro surgeon Dhananjay Bokare, pathologist Shailendra Mundhada, neurologist Mukund Baheti and dietitian Pallavi Khandekar and CIKF founder Dr S Acharya were among the panel of experts. They asserted the importance of early diagnosis and treatment of kidney diseases. Even after the end of the session, several patients went flocking to the doctors showering them with a battery of questions.The theme of this year's world kidney day being organ donations, this topic was also discussed in detail by the doctors.\"It was in order to avoid the gross commoditization of kidneys that the government brought about the rule of the donor and donee being blood relatives,\" informed Dr Ookhalkar. Dr Mundhada spoke about the importance of tissue typing. \"Like it is important to match blood groups before transfusion, it is also important to have done the tissue typing for the right match of organs,\" he explained. Dr Gupta assured the patients that graft survival rate has gone up with the availability of better treatment and medicines. \"About 80% people can survive up to five years after a transplant,\" he said.\"Several small issues which are important for the patients but cannot be discussed in the routine course of treatment were discussed here,\" said CA Anil Rathi, president of CIKF and himself a transplant survivor. Senior citizen AN Dhawad believed that this session had armed the attendees with awareness that they could help spread., along with an understanding in the patients of how to take care of themselves.Pravin Ghotkar described these lectures as free consultation to avoid kidney ailments.Rahul Sawal, whose father is a kidney patient, believed he is better equipped in taking care of his father now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12225778", "title": "Cops participate in blood donation drive", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A blood donation camp for Civil Hospital blood bank was organized by the city police on Sunday at Police Welfare Hospital in which more than 100 policemen and senior police officials took part.The camp saw participation of Shamsher Singh, joint commissioner of police (special), Meera Ramniwas, additional commissioner of police (administration) and senior staff members from police headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229908", "title": "Art prodigy dies at 49", "text": "Ashish Lakhia, known for his art direction in Mirch Masala passed away on SundayAshish Lakhia, a talented art director, breathed his last in Ahmedabad, on Sunday morning. He was 49. Reportedly, he died of multiple organ failure with his lungs giving away first, followed by other complications.Best remembered for his stunning art direction in Ketan Mehta's Holi, Mirch Masala and Maya Memsaab among others, where he worked with his mother Meera, Ashish Lakhia was also brother of actor Aditya Lakhia aka 'Kachra' in Lagaan and cousin of director Apoorva Lakhia.Once the last rites were over, a grieving Aditya said of his brother, \"He lived with my parents while I live in Mumbai. They have taken his death very badly, especially my mother. Apart from art direction, he also made many documentary films.\" Aditya shared a lesser known secret about his brother, that he was a painter and even had an exhibition at the Jehangir Art Gallery about 20 years ago that was well received.Close friend, actor - director Amole Gupte said, \"Ashish was a lot more than just art director. He was a painting prodigy as a child and in fact, inspired me to become a painter. I'd stay with Ashish and his parents Meera and Snehal Lakhia whenever I visited Ahmedabad. They are truly the best parents in the world. This is an irreparable loss for me.\"Apoorva who was very close to Aditya said, \"He was an amazingly talented art director. It's a pity he was typecast as an art-house artiste. I wish our industry had recognised him in a more mainstream mould.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12226465", "title": "V K Mathews is new CII Kerala chairman", "text": "KOCHI: IBS Software Services executive chairman V K Mathews has been elected chairman of CII (Confederation of Indian Industry) Kerala State Council for 2012-13. Geojit Financial Management Services managing director C J George will be vice-chairman.Mathews has guided the IBS group from a modest beginning in 1997 into a multinational organization with over 2,000 employees operating from 10 locations worldwide. Equipped with a master's degree in Aeronautical Engineering from IIT Kanpur, Mathews holds several important positions in government agencies, academic institutions and trade bodies in India.IBS is a provider of IT solutions to the Travel, Transportation and Logistics (TTL) industry. It offers solutions that manage mission-critical operations of major airlines, airports, oil and gas companies, seaports, cruise lines and tour operators world-wide.George, a certified financial planner, has been closely associated with CII at the state level. He founded Geojit Financial Management Services in 1987, and currently holds the directorship of Geojit BNP Paribas and other companies in the group which spreads across India and Middle East.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12226770", "title": "Gujarat polls behind govt U-turn on cotton ban", "text": "NEW DELHI: Protests from within the government and opposition notwithstanding, the drubbing in the assembly polls and the coming polls in Gujarat appear to have hastened the Centre's decision to revoke the order banning cotton exports.Commerce minister Anand Sharma announced the decision on Sunday. The commerce and textiles departments, which are under Sharma's charge, had defended the ban last week citing record export of the commodity. This came despite concerns that not just farmers, but even exporters who had tied up with foreign buyers would be hit by the order. The curb also led to a fall in domestic prices.It was Ahmad Patel, political secretary to Sonia Gandhi, who had first flagged the farmers' concerns to the government soon after the directorate general of foreign trade issued the ban order.But agriculture minister Sharad Pawar's public outburst against the move - which coincided with Congress's poll debacle in Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Goa - prompted the government to change its stance . With Gujarat elections only a few months away, the government did not want to risk being branded \"anti-farmer\" especially after the poor poll performance in recent months, and seems to have impressed upon Sharma to change his stand.Shakti Singh Gohil, leader of opposition in the Gujarat assembly, claimed credit for the change in stance by the Centre. He said Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh too were involved in getting the ban reversed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12226014", "title": "Fate of revenue collection drives hangs in balance", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Although the power department has announced opening of the cash counters on Sundays and other public holidays also during the month of March, officials are keeping their fingers crossed over the fate of the ongoing drive against realization of outstanding arrears. This is in the backdrop of the fact that major changes in the department at the top level are in the offing with the change of guard in the state. Moreover, with the Samajwadi Party (SP) promising to provide free electricity to farmers and waiving of electricity bills, much remains to be seen on the front of revenue collection.Officials said that month of March is reserved exclusively for revenue collection in any government department related with providing public service. Any government which comes to power may initiate some changes at the top level but not alter the course of drive for realization of outstanding arrears. This is the period when the department earns a maximum from revenue collection and fulfils the target set for revenue collection from different sources.The officials expressed reservations over the outcome of drive in rural areas in the coming days in the light of the fact that it is the rural folks, including the farmers who are the major beneficiaries of sops promised by the SP in its election manifesto.Senior official Ashish Asthana said: \"Apart from the fact that revenue collection is the utmost priority of the department during the month of March, the ongoing drive against illegal consumers is also guided by the thought of improving and regulating power supply in the wake of the approaching summer season.\"In order to accomplish this task, the department has to focus on checking transmission losses via various illegal sources to reduce burden on the transformers and overhead lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12227910", "title": "8 months on, police sit on education diploma fake mark-sheets case", "text": "BHOPAL: Even eight months after a fake Diploma in Education (D Ed) mark-sheet scam came to light, Madhya Pradesh police are dilly-dallying in handing over the case to the Crime Investigation Department (CID) despite repeated reminders from the Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE).MPBSE chairman M K Rai told TOI that the board has been repeatedly writing to the police to initiate the action in the fake mark-sheet case. \"Now, we have sent a reminder letter to the Police Headquarters giving a reference of a recent ruling of the Allahabad High Court, whereby the court has ruled that if the police are unable to take action, the matter should be handed over to the CID.\"The mark-sheet scam surfaced last year when the education department of Uttar Pradesh forwarded about 50 mark-sheets of D Ed students for verification to MPBSE. The board officials returned the files, claiming that they found no flaws in it.Suspecting a foul play, the UP Education Board sent it back for further verification and asked the MP board higher-ups to look into the matter as the document did not seem to be genuine. Subsequent, verification by the board secretary Madhu Khare revealed that these mark-sheets were fake, leading to the suspension of then registrar Radha Batham and then assistant secretary Usha Vashnik.Subsequently, the MPBSE shot off a letter to the state police to register a case under relevant provisions of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and launch investigations. But till date, the police have yet to initiate any action, MPBSE sources said.Scam routeThe Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education sent several reminders to policeThe mark-sheet scam surfaced last year when the UP education department forwarded 50 mark-sheets of D Ed students for verification to MPBSEThe board officials returned the files, claiming that they found no flaws in itSuspecting a foul play, the UP Education Board asked MP board higher-ups to look into the matter as the document did not seem to be genuineVerification by the board secretary Madhu Khare revealed that these mark-sheets were fake", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12226036", "title": "NGO arranges financial aid for kidney patients", "text": "KOLKATA: The first step was to give them a new lease of life by replacing their dysfunctional kidneys. Though Pintu Mondal and Sushanta Mondal's lives were saved, but however, this was less than half the battle. The real one starts now as and it would be an especially tough one because the two recipients, who got the of kidneys from a deceased donor, are extremely poor and cannot afford the treatment. But lest this pioneering experiment in organ transplantation comes to naught, doctors and social workers have come forward with funds to support the lifelong treatment of the two patients.Pintu, 19, is the son of a farm labourer while Sushanta, 38, works in a furniture shop. They hail from the South and North 24-Parganas respectively and had been suffering from renal failure for a long time. Doctors at the SSKM Hospital had recommended kidney transplantation and asked them to look for live donors. But Though Pintu's father and Biswanath's wife were prepared to donate their kidneys to save the lives of the patients, the families could not afford the cost of the operation and post-operative treatment. They could only scrounge around and organize for funds for an occasional dialysis, which too was gradually becoming redundant because both the kidneys of the patients were giving up.Seeing no option at hand the patients were sent by SSKM to Ganadarpan for financial assistance. This is when a miraculous coincidence happened. A patient was declared brain dead at the Belle Vue Nursing Home and his relatives were ready convinced by the attending doctor, Saurabh Kole, to donate the kidneys to two ailing patients. SSKM Hospital was contacted and within minutes the transplant operation on the two patients was organized, under the leadership of nephrologist Rajendra Pandey. \"It was a perfect operation and we were able to not only transplant the kidneys successfully, we have closely observed the patients for nearly a fortnight now and are convinced that there will be no rejection. However, after crossing the first hurdle, we are now at a stage where we will have to ensure lifelong treatment that will make certain their survival,\" Pandey said.Ganadarpan, the NGO that has been sensitizing the society about the need for body and organ donation, and has been closely working with SSKM for these two patients, have pledged to fund the expensive treatment that is expected to cross Rs 2.5 lakh annually for the two patients. Funds have already been collected and are being released in phases to SSKM. Ganadarpan spokesperson, Brojo Roy said thatLeading doctors like pathologist Subir Dutta and medicine expert Ashoke Chowdhury have already sent in funds that can cover the expenses for the two patients for the next two years, said Brojo Roy, spokesperson of Gandarpan. \"This apart, we have received a substantial amount from an NRI social worker Ranjit Dutta. Dutta, who lives in the US, had lost his wife in a road accident. He had, thereafter, donated her kidneys and liver and these had been successfully transplanted. He donates worldwide for the cause,\" added Roy.\"I am running around to raise fund for my husband's post operative treatment, asking for help from relatives who are equally poor. I am too poor to organize sufficient fund,\"said wife Mondol's wife Sulekha.Pintu's father has already sold the only piece of land the family owned in Champahati and spent the amount on the boy's dialysis. The promise for help from the donors is a huge relief for the family.Cadaver organ transplantation had been tried in 2010 for the first time in this state but that was unsuccessful. Enthused by this first successful transplantation, both doctors at SSKM and Ganadarpan said that they will now be on the look out for patients who have been declared brain dead in the 11 odd hospitals of the state where such transplantation is allowed. The state vide an act had allowed organ transplantation from the deceased after they are declared brain dead, way back in 1995. After a long gap, in 2007, the state health department allowed SSKM and 10 other private hospitals to carry this out and it even mentions the names of 20 doctors who are authorised to transplant organs from bodies of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12225811", "title": "BJP posed tough challenge to two main contenders", "text": "LUCKNOW: The electoral battle ground for the Samajwadi Party may appear to have swept the UP elections-2012 but data shows that it was tough. While the BSP was the main challenger, the BJP also did well at several places. In fact, a shift of just 3% floating votes towards the SP decided the results in 106 assembly constituencies. Another important feature was that despite increase in the overall voting percentage, the SP had the support of less than one fifth of the total electors.On comparing the data of 2007 and 2012, one finds that the SP and the BSP have swapped places. This time, SP won 224 seats by grabbing 29.15% of total votes polled, whereas in 2007 it had won 97 seats with a vote-share of 25.43%. The BSP this time was just 80 seats with 25.91% vote share, while in 2007 it had won 206 seats with 30.43% of total votes polled.In 2007, BSP was runner up at 109 seats, where this time it stood second at 209 seats. The SP was runner up in 167 constituencies in 2007 and this time it was second in 77.In 2007, BSP and SP had a direct fight in 69 constituencies where the victory margin was less than 5,500. The BSP had then won 35 and SP 33. This time, 193 seats saw direct fight between the two main parties, of which SP won 161 and BSP 32. A micro analysis of poll data shows that SP was second at 77 seats, third in 56 and fourth at 34. The BSP was second at 209 places, third in 73 and fourth in 39. The BJP won 47 seats with a vote share of 15%, down from 16.97% in 2007, came second at 55, third at 110 and fourth at 123. The vote share of Congress went up to 11.63% from 8.61% in 2007. The party contested elections in alliance with the RLD. The Congress fielded candidates at 355 seats, of which it won 28 seats and was runner up at 31, third at 87 and fourth 122. The RLD contested at 46 seats this time, of which it won nine seats, remained second at nine, was third at 14 and fourth at five. The Peace Party contested at 208 seats, won four with vote share of 2.35% and came second at three.Further, a glimpse of tough fight can be gauged from the fact that the BSP lost 58 seats with less than 5,500 margin -- four seats by a margin below 500 votes, eight by less than 1000, 10 by less than 2000, four by less that 3000, seven by less than seven, five by less than 5000 and 20 by less than 5500. Similarly, SP lost 23 seats with less than 5000 margin, of which two were lost by a margin less than 500. The BJP lost 13 seats with less than 5000 margin, of which three were lost by a margin less than 500 votes. The BJP was in direct contest with SP at 43 places, of which it won 16, and with BSP at 30 seats, of which party won 13. Around 22 constituencies saw direct contest between SP and the Congress, of which 12 were won by SP and 10 by the Congress.The high polling percentage in comparison to previous elections had left every one puzzled about which way the increase in votes will go. Now it is clear that there was an anti-incumbency wave against the Mayawati government as well as local MLAs irrespective of the parties. The political parties could retain only 153 seats out of total 403. The poll data also indicates that the BSP was and SP have been able to keep together their traditional vote banks. The 3% vote swing against BSP is of floating votes comprising all castes and communities. These floating votes went to SP, resulting in 3% swing in its favour. The swing mostly has been in the Muslim votes. The Muslims largely voted for BSP in 2007 and Congress in 2009 but this time they are back with SP.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12226056", "title": "HUDA City Centre Metro station to have FOB soon", "text": "GURGAON: The HUDA City Centre Metro station will soon have a unique foot over-bridge (FOB) connecting the three sides at the crossing. HUDA and the MCG have jointly worked out a detailed plan to set up FOBs in 14 locations in both new and old Gurgaon. Both the agencies have confirmed the plan of an FOB at the HUDA City Centre Metro station, for which some private firms have already submitted a unique plan.\"Normally, an FOB has two ends, one each of the road, but this one will have two links, one towards a private hospital and other towards a mall,\" said a senior HUDA official. No deadline has been set but senior officials claimed that once the project gets a go ahead by the authorities in Chandigarh, the work will start.The commuters have welcomed the plan of an FOB at the HUDA City Centre Metro station since crossing the roads outside the station is very inconvenient. \"It's difficult to cross the roads outisde the Metro station during rush hours. An FOB is urgently needed for the safety of commuters,\" said Amita Arora, a software professional For benefit of the Metro commuters, HUDA has asked the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) to set up a prepaid autorickshaw booth at the station premises.It's not just the commuters, even the traffic police department, too, feels the need for an FOB. \"After the FOB comes up, the commuters would use it, resulting in better road traffic management,\" said a traffic policeman posted at the crossing.The project has gathered pace in the past week after a recent meeting of the HUDA and MCG officials. The total estimate of the project is about Rs 23 crore. When asked about the financial aspect of the project, the official said: \"The project will come up on build operate transfer (BOT) basis and the firms will bear the cost of construction and maintenance of the FOBs.\"Some private companies have expressed interest in the project and the agencies have sent the project report to Chandigarh for approval. Both the agencies, HUDA and MCG, will identify sites for FOBs in the city in consultation with the traffic department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12227690", "title": "Teen drops catch, beaten to death by friends", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra police are investigating the sequence of events leading to the death of a teenager.Saif Ali Shaikh,16,died at the Cooper Hospital on Sunday.Saif was a resident of Gamdevi Dongri in Andheri (W).On March 5,the Bandra police received a call from Cooper Hospital about Saif being admitted with severe injuries on his hands,legs and shoulders.A team from the Bandra police station visited Saif to record his statement.Saif told them he had gone to a mosque in Mahim to offer prayers on March 2.On his way back he was passing a playground,where a group of boys were playing cricket.When the boys invited him to join them,Saif agreed.But when he missed a catch,the boys got agitated and started hitting him with cricket bats.However,police officials said that Saif seemed confused and couldnt recollect the exact spot where the incident took place.Initially,Saif said he was assaulted at Reti Maidan which falls under the jurisdiction of Mahim police station.Later,he said the incident took place at a ground close to Bandra talav, an official said.Saif succumbed to his injuries on Sunday.Prima facie,it appears that the teenager died because of infection caused by the wounds.The exact cause will be revealed when we get the post-mortem report, said the official.A case of accidental death has been registered by the Bandra police in the matter.We cannot comment about the perpetrators of the attack.Appropriate charges will be registered depending on the findings of our investigation, said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225475", "title": "L&T; chief to pen memoir", "text": "MUMBAI: Now that a new CEO &amp; MD has been named, A M Naik , chairman of Larsen &amp; Toubro, plans to pen a memoir, something which he couldn't do because of lack of time. The book, the working title of which is 'V to W', i.e. from Village to World, would chronicle Naik's journey from a village in Gujarat to the boardroom of one of India's most respected conglomerates. The son of a school teacher, Naik, who is nearing 70, joined the construction major as a trainee engineer in 1965. All that he aspired then was to become a manager. But as fate would have it, Naik raced to the top through hard work, ambition, courage and determination.Another rejig seen at Reliance RetailMukesh Ambani's Reliance Retail is witnessing yet another top-level churn, the third since it was launched five years ago. Andrew Campbell , chief brand officer of Reliance Retail, has stepped down to move to RIL. Campbell was hired from the Thailand arm of the British retailer Tesco in early 2010. Gwyn Sundhagul, ex-CEO of Reliance Retail, another official from the Thai team who moved to RIL's consumer businesses comprising insurance and telecom last year, has already left the company. Reliance Trends CEO Arun Sirdeshmukh had resigned to kick-start his own e-commerce venture. Glenn Richardson , former executive of Wal-Mart China and now with Reliance Retail for the past two years, will become the chief brand officer. Reliance Retail had recently roped in former Wal-Mart China executives Rob Cissell and Shwan Grey as the CEO and the COO, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225703", "title": "Arrest mars Sena\u2019s plan to target Kripa, Congress in House", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena leadership has reacted to Sureshdada Jain's arrest in Jalgaon with stony silence. None of the party leaders were available on Sunday to offer comments on the arrest of the Sena MLA. Jain's arrest, in connection with a Rs 30-crore housing project scam in Jalgaon, has poured cold water on the Sena's plan to launch a frontal attack on the ruling Congress-NCP alliance in the upcoming session of the state assembly. The crucial budget session of the Maharashtra legislature is slated to begin in Mumbai on March 15.Buoyed by the recent victory in the Mumbai and Thane civic elections, the Sena and the BJP were all set to take on the ruling Democratic Front combine. They were raring to target Congress MLA Kripashankar Singh, who is being investigated in a disproportionate assets case on the orders of the Bombay High Court. However, Jain's alleged involvement in a scam has stolen the saffron brigade's thunder, say Vidhan Bhavan watchers. \"In view of Jain's arrest, the Sena can no longer take a high moral ground on the Kripashankar issue,\" said a senior state BJP functionary. It remains to be seen if the Sena, which has been demanding Singh's suspension from Congress, will apply the same rule to Jain or will accept his defence that he has been framed.The Sena is also worried over the response of its long-time poll ally, the BJP, on the matter. BJP heavyweight Eknath Khadse, who is Jain's political archrival in Jalgaon, has welcomed the latter's arrest. The Sena may find it tough to defend Jain on the floor of the assembly if Khadse, who holds the coveted leader of the opposition's office, trains guns on his rival. By demanding the arrest of minister of state Gulabrao Deokar for his alleged role in the scandal , Khadse has clearly indicated that he would target both Jain and Deokar in the state assembly. This, say political observers, is bound to prove a major embarrassment for Matoshree.Who is Sureshdada Jain?First elected to the state assembly from Jalgaon in 1980 on a Socialist Congress ticket, he has never lost since. In a career spanning over three decades, he has represented parties across the political spectrum-including the NCP and Shiv Sena-and received brickbats from anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare . Currently in his ninth term, Jain is a Sena MLANOTES ON A SCANDAL # Jalgaon Municipal Corporation floats a tender in March 1997 for the construction of 11,000 affordable houses in Jalgaon city. The budget for the project is Rs 30 crore # 11 developers apply but amendments in tender conditions leave just two in the fray. The deadline for the project is 9 months # Contract finally goes to Khandesh Builders, which, officials allege, was a front company of MLA Sureshdada Jain # Of nine sites chosen for the project, ostensibly five do not belong to JMC while the remaining are reserved # Money paid to Khandesh is allegedly funnelled to accounts held or controlled by Jain # BJP leader Eknath Khadse lodges a complaint with Jalgaon municipal chief Praveen Gedam # Gedam files an FIR on February 3, 2006, alleging a fraud # Government asks former bureaucrat Sudhakar Joshi in February 2007 to probe the case # Joshi submits a report in December 2007, confirms irregularities and recommends stern action# Of 11,000 tenements, barely 1,000 have been completed till now. The project stands abandoned", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225517", "title": "Maria probed most blasts", "text": "MUMBAI: Anti-terrorism sq-uad chief Rakesh Maria has investigated almost all blasts-from the 1993 serial blasts till the 13/7 triple blasts-in the city. He was deputy commissioner (traffic) in 1993 when the blasts rocked the city. He was later posted to the crime branch and was assigned investigation of the blasts.He achieved a 'breakthro-ugh' when his team found an abandoned scooter in Worli. The vehicle was registered in the name of Reshma Memon. According to Maria, Dawood Ibrahim and others were to carry the blasts on April 19 and not in March, but after the arrest of Gul Mohammed, they advanced the date to March 12. \"Gul was arrested by the Nirmal Nagar police in a petty case and Tiger Memon feared he would spill the beans,'' said Maria. In 2003, the crime branch cracked the Gateway of India-Zaveri Bazar blasts and in 2008 held 21 Indian Mujahideen members for 11 blasts nationwide. Maria later headed the 26/11 probe and in 2011 'solved' the German Bakery case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12226471", "title": "Scrap anti-dumping duty, says AIRIA", "text": "KOCHI: In its pre-Budget submission to the finance ministry, the All-India Rubber Industries Association (AIRIA) has sought removal of anti-dumping duties on the import of raw materials, stating it is making the industry uncompetitive.The industry body said levy of anti-dumping duties on carbon black and rubber chemicals had made products more expensive in comparison with imported finished ones. High interest costs and energy rates have led many SME units closing their operations, the body said.Similarly, the levy of anti-dumping duties on high styrene butadine rubber has made Indian footwear products more expensive leading to a surge in imports from Nepal, Sri Lanka and China. These rubber products are being imported into the country with normal rate of duty without facing any anti-dumping provision.With over 15,000 rubber products, it is difficult to prove the dumping charges. Most of the smaller manufacturers do not have the resources to initiate anti-dumping proceedings as per law. India has 5,000-plus small and tiny rubber based units.AIRIA also demanded imports of 100,000 tonnes of natural rubber to bridge the supply-demand gap. \"Consumption of natural and synthetic rubber is constantly increasing as against production. Availability is an issue even at high pricesTherefore, there is the urgent need to import 100,000 tonnes of rubber to bridge the demand supply gap,\" AIRIA said. in its pre-Budget submission.It also said the ratio of natural rubber consumption was divided equally between tyre and non-tyre segments. However, the non-tyre segment is fast ceding territory to the tyre segment, the industry body said.AIRIA president Vinod Simon stated that not only the percentage of rubber consumption but even the absolute consumption by the small-scale non-tyre sector has dwindled over the years. According to him, imports of even those raw materials, which are not indigenously produced, is subjected to high rate of customs duty. AIRIA has, therefore, sought waiver of customs duty on raw materials not manufactured domestically such as butyl rubber, SBR grade 1500/1700 and other hi-tech synthetic rubbers and polyester tyre cord.The duty on latex continues to be 70% and has been only recently capped at Rs 49 per kg. However, for latex, being a wet form of natural rubber, the duties should be comparable with natural rubber only, it said. AIRIA also asked for raising the exemption limit of SSI rubber units to Rs 10 crore and for excluding the value of exempted goods from the turnover because of unusual price rise in natural and synthetic rubber -from Rs 125 per kg to Rs 250 per kg and $1.50 to $4.2 per kg, respectively over the last two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12225943", "title": "CPM leader hacked to death", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Bimal Senapati, a local CPM leader, died after being attacked allegedly by Trinamool Congress supporters in Deepa village on Sunday . The 56-year-old branch secretary was found by a police patrolling team and taken to hospital where doctors pronounced him dead. According to police, Senapati was assaulted with bamboo stick and other crude weapons when he was going to his paddy field. The assailants left him to die on the road.Cops suspect the attack was a fallout between CPM and TMC workers over NREGA. TNNproject a few day back.\"Trinamool is behind the murder of Senapati. We have called a 12-hour Keshiari bandh on Monday in protest of the killing,\" said West Midnapore CPM secretary Dipak Sarkar. Trinamool, however, washed off its hand. \"None from the party was involved in the incident,\" claimed Trinamool block president Jagdish Das.In another incident of clash between the tow parties, five houses belonging to CPM supporters were attacked allegedly by Trinamool supporters in Mourinathpur village under Narayangarh police station. Three Trinamool supporters too were injured in the clash.\"Complaints on both the incidents have been received and we have started probing on the two clashes,\" said SDPO Kharagpur Dipak sarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12227039", "title": "Auto driver held with 250gm charas", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 29-year-old auto driver, Samir, alias Sunil, was arrested for drug peddling after 250gm charas was recovered from his possession in Ramdarbar on Saturday night. The police claimed that Samir used to sell narcotics through children to college and university-going students. He was produced in the district courts, Sector 17, and sent to 14-day judicial custody.Station house officer (SHO) of Sector 31 police station inspector Jaspal Singh said Samir, who has been in the illegal trade since seven months, was arrested on a tip-off. His two other associates were on the run, he added.Chandigarh Police had launched a special drive against drug peddlers and arrested 10 of them, including a woman, Geeta Devi, in the past six days. Geeta was nabbed on March 9 and sent to Model Burail Jail.A police officer said, \"Narcotics are being distributed among youths by small-time drug peddlers... we are not sure if there is an organized drug racket in the city.\"On March 9, a driver of Haryana irrigation department, Amit Kumar, was also held after 600gm poppy husk was recovered from a red beacon car he was driving in PU. Besides, some students had also been arrested for possessing drugs. On February 16, a BTech graduate from Doaba College of Engineering, Kharar, Harpeet Singh, was caught near Sector 11 for possessing 21gm smack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12226671", "title": "Violence mars Velim MLA's victory rally", "text": "MARGAO: Victory celebrations of the Velim MLA Benjamin Silva turned violent Sunday afternoon, after some supporters of the newly elected legislator damaged some vehicles of the former MLA Filipe Neri Rodrigues and also allegedly assaulted at least one of Rodrigues' supporters.Acting on a complaint lodged by ZP member Sabrina Dias, Margao police have booked an offence against the accused, Savio Silva, and other unidentified persons.Police sources said that when the rally - staged to celebrate Benjamin's victory - reached near the residence of Rodrigues at Chinchinim, one among the MLA's supporters, Savio Silva, allegedly damaged three vehicles, including a two wheeler, parked outside Rodrigues' house.The complainant said that while she was abused and her mobile phone snatched, her husband, Joseph Dias, a former ZP member was assaulted .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12226000", "title": "Three plywood shops gutted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three shops were gutted in a major fire in timber market of Behrampura in the wee hours of Sunday. Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials doused the flames after five-hour operation.The officials received a call at 3 am on Sunday that Rina Traders had caught fire.\"The shops contained wooden sheets, wood logs and finished and semi-finished furniture. A team of 50 personnel and two fire fighters from Maninagar fire station succeeded in containing the flames,\" said an AFES official.Primary investigation revealed that the fire started from an electric board in the shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12233866", "title": "Kamaal Khan wants Priya Mani for 'Deshdrohi 2'", "text": "Kamaal R Khan, the self declared KRK of Bollywood, has a great love for women!While names remain constant - like Asin - whom he sends kisses every morning no sooner does he logs on to his microblogging site, there are always additions.From TV star Sara Khan to adult star Sunny Leone, he always seems to have a script ready for the ladies. When Sunny walked into the \"Big Boss 5\" house, KRK had announced that he will cast the adult star in a movie because he finds her bold, brave and beautiful.And guess what, KRK has a new muse, it seems. This time around, it is South actress Priya Mani, who was recently in news over an alleged harassment from a fellow industrywala. Put all that to rest.The news now is that KRK is sending feelers to Priya Mani via microblogging site, and is also trying to source out her manager's number.Well, the reason is obvious - he wants to cast her in a film, \" Deshdrohi 2\". The film will be based on the Abu Salim-Monica Bedi love story.KRK wants Priya Mani to play Monica Bedi's role in the film. Announcing this, KRK wrote, \"@priyamani6 can you send me number of your manager. I want you to do my film #Deshdrohi2 Abu Salim. You will play role of Monica Bedi.\"Wasn't \"Deshdrohi\" enough?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12225862", "title": "Be prepared for mid-term Lok Sabha poll, Maya tells party", "text": "LUCKNOW: BSP chief Mayawati on Sunday asked party workers to be ready for mid-term Lok Sabha elections, possibilities of which have increased in the wake of changed political scenario of the country after recent elections in five states.Addressing All India Workers' Convention, Mayawati said that under Congress-led UPA government, the country has only seen rise in corruption, unemployment and prices. Apprehending large-scale violence against BSP supporters in the SP regime, Mayawati also announced that BSP would not contest any elections in UP, including forthcoming urban local body polls, which are conducted under the supervision of the state machinery. Earlier, BJP and the Shiromani Akali Dal have expressed possibilities of mid-term elections.Similar possibilities were also expressed by Union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi but he later took a U-turn.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12227256", "title": "Multi-level parking set to roll out", "text": "CHANDIGARH: All the drawings of the much awaited multi-level parking lot in Sector 17, which will be able to accommodate 950 to 1,000 four wheelers at a time, have been cleared by the architecture wing of the UT administration.The two-wheelers will be parked on the surface, while the rest of the three basements would be for four- wheelers. After clearance from the UT architecture wing, the civic body has started preparing the financial estimate of the project, which would be placed before the house during its meeting later this month.With a view not to interfere with the look of Sector 17, instead of constructing floors on its surface, the multi-level parking lot will have three basement floors and a surface level for parking vehicles.The parking lot, which will go 37 feet below the surface would cover an area of 3 lakh square feet, with 1 lakh square feet in each basement floor.There would be one entry and exit point for vehicles at each level.Surinder Bagga, a nominated municipal corporation councillor, who is an architect by profession while talking to TOI said, \"Construction of a basement multilevel parking lot is much more expensive than surface multilevel parking, as it requires proper ventilation and fire fighting facilities, besides retaining walls. But as Sector 17 has heritage status, it will look ugly and spoil the look of the heart of the city if the floors are constructed on the surface, therefore the authorities have decided to go for basement floors.\"Giving details, an official of the engineering wing of the MC said that they have started preparing the financial estimate of the project which would be between Rs 40 to Rs 50 crore and it would be placed before the house during its upcoming monthly meeting for approval, so that work can start in the coming two months.The project is coming up near Gurdev studio in Sector 17, situated opposite the Reserve Bank of India building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230170", "title": "Bipasha refuses to do an item song with Vivek", "text": "Bipasha Basu has refused to do an item number in Sanjay Dutt and Vivek Oberoi-starrer Zilla Ghaziabad.Dutt, who is taking keen interest in the film which is due for release in May, had approached Bipasha for an item number to be shot with Sanjay, Vivek and Bipasha, but the sultry actress refused, and the industry insiders say that the reason is Vivek.Apparently, because Bipasha and Vivek are not on talking terms. Remember, the two were seen in the superhit item number Bidi Jalailein Omkaraabout three years back. Dutt and Bips share great relations, and both got still more friendly when they did Lamhaatogether.But, Dutt and Zilla Ghaziabaddirector are so keen on having Bipasha on board that they have decided to create a situation for another item number which will just have Dutt and Bipasha and but Vivek in it so that everything goes smoothly.Wonder why is Vivek, who has been otherwise so quiet, has such a notorious image in the industry? He was unceremoniously dropped from three films in the recent past - Sanjay Gupta's Shootout At Wadala, Shiva's Bloody Pakiand Bejoy Nambiar's David.With about five films releasing in the next two years, hope Vivek, who is considered to be a decent actor, finds a foothold in Bollywood once again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226462", "title": "Park gets a flash makeover", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Flash mob might still be a rage among the youth. However, the students of Government engineering college, Barton Hill in the city went a step further.On Sunday, they turned up at AKG Park near Murinjapalam, not to hang out but to give a face-lift to the park. They did it in a flash, and named it 'flash makeover'. The park was in a bad shape, strewn with litter and overgrown weeds.An abandoned tv kiosk stood at the centre. The team comprised 15 students from the college and five volunteers of Paperman, an NGO. They picked the litter, plucked the weeds and painted the walls of the kiosk. In a matter of five hours, the park put on a new look. The hoes, brooms, paint and other paraphernalia were brought by the students. They also decorated the walls with pleasing graffiti.\"We wanted to do something different and productive rather than just a normal flash mob routine. It also upholds the message, 'I am responsible',\" said Anupama Ajith, a final year student.\"We would segregate the plastic from the degradable waste and pile them in cartons, which would be collected by the corporation later,\" said Gopikrishnan Nair of Paperman.A group of curious onlookers stood witness to the 'flash makeover', which was organized to promote the three-day annual inter-college fest, 'Aagneya', that commences on March 16, which will be held at Barton Hill Government engineering college.\"It is great to see the park getting a new look. The park used to be a place where families would come to spend their evenings before it got into a bad shape,\" said Ajith Kumar , a resident of the area. \"The makeover might bring them back,\" he added.\"A time-lapse video of the makeover would soon be posted on the net and help spread the message of bearing responsibility of the environment we live in,\" said Gopi Krishnan.The team comprised 15 students from Government Engineering College, and five volunteers of the NGO, Paperman. They cleaned the litter, plucked the weeds and painted the walls of the kiosk in just five hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12228950", "title": "CBI questions PMK leader Ramadoss, son Anbumani in murder case", "text": "CHENNAI: CBI has questioned Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK) founder S Ramadoss and his son, former Union Minister Anbumani Ramadoss, in connection with the murder of a relative of Tamil Nadu minister for Commercial taxes C Ve Shanmugam, sources said.While the senior PMK leader was questioned on Sunday evening, Anbumani Ramadoss was interrogated few days back, they said.A relative of Shanmugam, Muruganandham, was murdered by an armed gang on May 8, 2006, when they tried to attack the former at his house in Tindivanam.Muruganandham died while trying to save the life of Shanmugam, AIADMK strongman in Villupuram district.The attack was following political enmity between Shanmugam and PMK.Last month CBI had questioned Srinivasan, brother of Ramadoss, in connection with the case.The Madras high court had in October last year ordered a CBI inquiry into the murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227269", "title": "Truck rams into auto, one dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: An autorickshaw driver was killed and two passengers critically injured when a speeding truck rammed into the autorickshaw on Vikas Marg. The incident took place on IP Estate, central Delhi on Saturday night.The errant driver, Anil Yadav, is a resident of Sultanpuri, west Delhi. He has been arrested and a case of causing death and rash and negligent driving has been registered against him.The deceased driver has been identified as Jagdish Mehto and he was a resident of Muzaffarpur, Bihar. His body has been sent for autopsy after which it will be handed over to the family, a senior cop said.Around 2.25am, the auto was coming from Laxmi Nagar side and was headed towards Shadipur when the truck collided with it from the left side. Because of the impact, the driver was thrown out and he died on the spot, police said.The two passengers were seated in the rear seat when they got injured in the accident. \"They were rushed to a nearby hospital where they were discharged after preliminary treatment,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12232014", "title": "Nayan's special treat in Prabhu's Adda!", "text": "Looks like sexy heroine Nayanathara's pending dream is going finally to take wings. With the news of her return to acting, new scopes and destinations are calling this six-pack beauty, say sources.With three back to back hits (both direction and choreography), Prabhudeva carved a special place for him in the Hindi Circuit. Within a couple of months, he is going to hit theaters with another movie 'Rowdy Rathore', the remake of super hit Telugu flick 'Vikramarkudu'.If sources are to be believed, Nayan wants to rock in the same 'adda 'where Prabhu is treated as a super-star. The ravishing siren has sparked off news that she is going to shake her leg in a Bollywood flick very soon.Many such tidbits are heard right from her re-entry news surfaced up, but nothing materialized as of now. When contacted, Nayan haven't denied the news, but refused to divulge details. Currently, the sexy beauty is busy with Vishnuvardhan's 'Billa2' alongside Ajith. Watch this space for more spicy updates.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "12227362", "title": "Cong coaxes Didi to drop UP, Punjab visits", "text": "KOLKATA/NEW DELHI: It took a flurry of phone calls on Sunday for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee to scrap her planned visit to attend the swearing-in ceremonies of Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and Uttar Pradesh's new incumbent Akhilesh Yadav.The Congress was on tenterhooks throughout Sunday until the two top party leaders interceded, which prompted Mamata to call off her scheduled visits to Chandigarh (on March 14) and Lucknow (March 15), citing pressing engagements in her state. It's learnt that Mukherjee told Mamata that the PM would speak to her directly to resolve the economic package issue for West Bengal. The Bengal CM's secretary is in New Delhi and in constant touch with PMO officials.Trinamool's Rajya Sabha MP Derek O' Brien tweeted on Sunday that though Mamata was keen on attending the two swearing-in ceremonies, she would nevertheless attend the March 15 address by Governor M K Narayanan as the Bengal assembly convenes for the budget session.However, it's the hectic behind-the-scene parleys by the Congress high command to placate Mamata over the last two days that is being seen as the reason for her opting out and sending her tourism minister Rachpal Singh to Chandigarh and Lok Sabha MP Sultan Ahmed to Lucknow. It now remains to be seen how far a visibly emasculated UPA will go to keep its all-important ally, Trinamool, happy. Mamata will see whether the Centre's assurances will translate into money for cash-strapped West Bengal.A senior Trinamool leader said, \"March 14 is Nandigram diwas and the next day is the governor's address. However, these programmes were known for long. By accepting the invitations, she strategically positioned herself. She was proved right: it sent Congress into a tizzy.\"Sources close to Mamata said she has entrusted the task of handling the confabulations to two of her trusted lieutenants, Mukul Roy and Derek O'Brien. The leader added, \"At this point she is keen on keeping her options open. Her proposed attendance in Chandigarh in particular was being read as a brush with BJP-led NDA.\"The confusion in Congress ranks over Mamata's initial plans to attend the swearing-in ceremonies could be gauged from what senior Congress leaders said in New Delhi. Congress spokesman Abhishek Manu Singhvi said, \"Social interaction with strangers by those in partnerships is permissible, but, obviously, if things go beyond the normal boundaries of social courtesy, it would become immoral.\"Union minister V Narayanswamy, too, struck a conciliatory note saying, \"Mamata Banerjee is our ally and whenever CM-designates invite, our political allies attending the ceremony, (which) is not a big issue. We don't consider it an issue of a very serious nature.\"Later, Singhvi sought to downplay his earlier comment. \"I don't understand why her going or not going should make news in this manner. These are social courtesies which frequently happen in politics. Her going or not going should not be read as if it is pregnant with all kinds of meaning,\" he said.Mamata has repeatedly blamed the Centre for doing little for West Bengal in spite of assurances from the PM as well as Mukherjee. She believes a two-year moratorium on interest payments for the state's debt by the Centre is critical to give her a financial leeway for development work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12231052", "title": "Idea exchange", "text": "Two students from VIT, Vellore, came up with a business idea which was inspired by a technology used in space. Aaditi Isaac reportsIdeas can change lives. Arun Lakshmanan and Ashwin Sundaram Ramesh from Vellore Institute of Technology, Vellore, Tamil Nadu, have come up with an idea that uses space technology and can be replicated in normal life for the benefit of common people.\"Our idea was to use NASA's spin-off technology to create something that would benefit people at large. In space, there is a complicated system of disposing waste. We used a similar technology and came up with the idea for suction in toilets for the Indian Railways. We have submitted a pre-idea using cheap material that can be scaled up to benefit more people on a daily basis,\" explains Lakshmanan.The duo made a list of the technology spin-offs, drew up a system chart on how to convert the idea for the Indian Railways and made it into a two-and-a-half-minute video.\"We made a collage. We shot, edited the video and provided the voice-over,\" informs Lakshmanan.The competition, 'Reach for the Stars' was launched by The University of Strathclyde, Glasgow , Scotland. Lakshmanan and Ramesh will get a four-week all expenses paid trip to The University of Strathclyde, Glasgow, Scotland between June and July where they will join the Scottish Space School for a week of space related activities, meet NASA astronauts and like minded Space School attendees from around Scotland; meet the Formula Student Team; visit innovative companies and act as consultants and produce a report for a Scottish company, Steepest Ascent Ltd, among other activities.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230024", "title": "Ganesh Hegde blessed with a baby boy", "text": "Ace choreographer and singer Ganesh Hegde and his wife Sunayna were blessed with a baby boy on February 24.Weighing 8.2 pounds, the bonny boy and the mother are healthy. Ganesh is elated and still can't believe that he is a dad.The proud parents have named their bundle of joy Giann Hegde.An excited Ganesh said, \"Sunayna and I have become parents... I can't believe it! Giaan's sweet smile, his tiny hands, and the cute faces he makes gives me the most soothing and peaceful feeling. It has made me realise what millions of parents feel and what makes them love their child selflessly. Child is the father of man, I am sure I have a lot to learn from Giann.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225406", "title": "Airline accused of cheating gets relief from panel", "text": "MUMBAI: In welcome relief for Kingfisher Airlines, the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission overturned a state commission order that held the airline guilty of unfair trade practice and unscrupulousness.The national commission passed the order after the airline challenged the 2007 Delhi State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission's order that held that the airline had adopted uncouth ways to cheat poorconsumers under the garb of misleading and misrepresenting advertisement displayed on the website.The original complaint was filed by M L Sudheen in a district forum in Delhi. Sudheen alleged that he was lured into purchasing a package of air tickets ofAir Deccan tickets for the sum of Rs 50,000, which entitled him to 26 tickets. The airline was later purchased by Kingfisher Airlines and hence, it was made party to the complaint.Sudheen said he was interested in flying on the Delhi-Bangalore and Mumbai-Bangalore routes but he could not make use of any of these tickets because the airlines refused to allow him to travel on these routes. Further he alleged that despite many requests, the airlines refused to refund the amount.The airlines denied the allegations and contended the web page display of these packages clearly mentioned that it was valid only for travel on \"ATR Routes/Sectors\" and advised calling Air Deccan Customer Care number for details. Saying that Sudheen was mistaken, the airlines argued that \"in addition, against each package, showing the price, number of tickets and period of validity,the words \"View Current Sectors\" were also recorded. Therefore, there was no question of the complainant (Sudheen) purchasing the \"Super Flier\" package without being aware of the routes on which these tickets could be availed of\".The forum however ruled against the airline. Aggrieved, the airline moved the state commission, which in turn, upheld the forum's order and ordered the airline to pay an additional Rs 10,000 as punitive costs.The national commission accepted the forum's findings that the airline had failed to produce evidence about the non-admissibility of the sectors that Sudheen wanted to fly on. However, the commission said that this was the only (limited) deficiency in service on part of the airline.\"The complainant, on his own showing a well-educated person very familiar with air travel and booking tickets on line, in all probability committed an inadvertent mistake in buying the Super Flier package without first checking if his preferred sectors of air travel were permissible under that scheme,\" the national commission said. The commission also held that the state commission order was totally unsustainable and must be set aside.The national commission ordered the airlines to pay Sudheen Rs 50,000 as he did not actually avail of any travel under the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225326", "title": "Congress members upset over 'backdoor entry'", "text": "MUMBAI: Dissent is simmering in the Congress over the backdoor entry granted to influential candidates who tasted defeat in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) polls.The party has nominated senior leaders Kisan Jadhav and Ravi Raja as non-councillor members on the BEST committee. Both Jadhav and Raja had contested elections for the party but lost. While Jadhav, who has served one term as an opposition leader, had stood from the Priyadarshini Park-August Kranti Maidan area (ward 213)) in south Mumbai, Raja contested against former mayor Shraddha Jadhav (Sena) from ward 169 in Sion. Raja has been on the BEST committee now for over a decade.Their appointment on the committee has angered a large section of Congress workers. A senior party leader said that both chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and state party president Manikrao Thakre had taken a line on \"no backdoor entry for defeated candidates\" during their interaction with newly elected corporators and party leaders. A change in this stand has surprised many.While Raja is considered to be close to former city unit president Kripashankar Singh, Jadhav owes his allegiance to south Mumbai leader Murli Deora . He is also known to have good equations with Singh.Zia-ur-Rehman Wahidi, a functionary from Bandra and a close supporter of MP Priya Dutt , has also been co-opted as a BEST committee member. Wahidi did not contest elections. Meanwhile, Janette D'Souza, a party functionary from eastern suburbs, has been nominated by the party as non-councillor member on the education committee. D'Souza has previously served as a nominated corporator on the general body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226379", "title": "Move over bumper cars, it's boats now", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Trivandrum Global City of Innovation's (TGCi), a charitable trust of Kanthari International, latest innovation project is a solar-powered bumper boat.\"We tested the product for two years at TGCi. I am not interested in a commercial roll-out of the product but if anyone places a request we will make it for them on a minimum order of 10 solar bumper boats at a cost of Rs 1 lakh each,\" said TGCi technical director Shyam Kumar S.The project conceptualized at Kanthari International campus in Thiruvananthapuram, was funded by the Kerala State Council for Science, Technology and Environment (KSCSTE). The boat was assembled at the College of Engineering, Thiruvananthapuram.The boat is 6 ft in diameter and 2 ft high. It has a D-shaped rubber fender for cushioning effect. The solar panel mounted on the boat supplies energy to run a 250 watt DC motor to propel the boat. It can last up to 15 years and also acts as a sunshade. The boat is manoeuvred with the help of a rudder and a switch.\"The boat does not have a throttle or variable speed, so the passenger has to turn off the switch just before bumping in to the other boat. The handle can manoeuvre the boat 45 degrees to the right and left and the motor propels it to 10 km per hour on water. I was inspired by bumping cars in amusement parks and wanted to create a zero-pollution boat which can be as much fun,\" said Kumar.The fibre reinforced plastic from which the boat is moulded is durable and unsinkable. The solar bumper boat took a few years to make and was developed at a cost of Rs 3.5 lakh. Shyam Kumar is currently working on a solar house-boat design and looking for funding so that he can start work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12227778", "title": "Group asks CM to shun Microsoft", "text": "CHENNAI: Free Software Foundation of India, an organisation involved in the promotion of the free use of software, sent an open letter to chief minister J Jayalalithaa seeking cancellation of a memorandum of understanding (MoU) signed with Microsoft Inc.The MoU was signed on Tuesday to implement an IT programme for government school teachers with the help of software giant Microsoft. The open letter raised objection to the software developed by Microsoft. \"Students and teachers involved in the project will not be able to see how the software works. If it develops a problem, they will not have the right to make corrections or modifications. They will have to depend on the company entirely. They will be denied the right to share the software with others,\" the letter said.The letter offered to implement a similar project on a free software platform. It advised the government to study the educational system followed by Kerala and Karnataka wherein schools in the two states give their students the opportunity to study and share software.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229775", "title": "Katrina's vanity van for Salman", "text": "Salman Khan was spotted using Katrina Kaif's car and vanity at a recent shoot since his van had a technical snagAn eyewitness told Mumbai Mirror, \"Salman came to the studio around 5 pm in Katrina's black car. The vanity van that Katrina generally hires for shoots was parked inside for Salman.\"Interestingly, Salman does have his own vanity van. While Katrina generally hires a particular vanity when she shoots in Mumbai. Since Salman's van had a technical snag, the actor chose to hire the one that Katrina uses. \"Salman is comfortable in the vanity. He used to visit Katrina there when the two were together,\" revealed a source close to the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "wadia village (banaskantha)", "code": "12226032", "title": "Influential patrons gave thrust to flesh trade", "text": "WADIA VILLAGE (BANASKANTHA): Call girls from this remote village in Banaskantha, some 225 km away from Ahmedabad, have gone to places. Many of them have flown to Mumbai, Delhi and driven down to Mount Abu with customers who were ready to pay hefty sums. People from Gujarat and Rajasthan visit Wadia often, some even out of curiosity.\"Some of the women in the village are quite attractive. Rich and influential people like policemen and businessmen who prefer not to visit Wadia owing to stigma attached to this place often get pimps to bring the prostitutes to Palanpur - Banaskantha district's headquarter. From there they are taken to Ahmedabad and flown to Delhi and Mumbai or driven down to Mount Abu,\" said a resident of Wadia.The bond between Wadia's prostitutes and their customers, often stretch beyond the conventional. \"Many of the women who moonlight as prostitutes often informally take one of their customers as their husband. The prostitute and her 'husband' then share a very cordial relationship,\" said a Wadia resident.Since 2005, members of Vicharti Jaati Samuday Samarthan Manch started working with the prostitutes of Wadia to bring them to the mainstream. Their efforts has borne fruit as of the 150 prostitutes in Wadia, 90 have stopped being part of the trade. \"The money they earn in this manner is never put to good use. Because, the men folk who act as touts waste the money in gambling or alcohol. This is why Wadia never prospered,\" said Raju Param of Vicharti Jaati Samuday Samarthan Manch.There are some unwritten laws in Wadia too. \"The men never pimp their wives. It is a common practice in Wadia for men to protect their wives from taking to this illicit trade. This Sunday's marriages ceremony is aimed at preventing these women from getting into this community trade. A total of eight couples were married off on Sunday morning and 12 others got engaged,\" said Raju. The other unwritten norm of Wadia is AIDS awareness among the sex workers here who insist on the use of condoms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12227447", "title": "Italian delegation discusses Tibet-China issue with Dalai Lama", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: A delegation of Italian parliamentarians, who have come to attend the 53rd national uprising day function of the Tibetans, met the Dalai Lama on Saturday and discussed the Tibet-China issue with him.Confirming this, members of the Italian delegation, led by Gianni Vernatti, told mediapersons at McLeodganj on Sunday that they have also met Tibetan Prime Minister, Dr Lobsang Sangay, and members of Tibetan parliament and discussed the China-Tibet issue.\"On Saturday, we met His Holiness the Dalai Lama and had a long discussion about Tibet-China relationship. We will go back and make sure that the Italian government, along with the European Union, will put pressure on the Chinese government to resume dialogue with the envoy of Dalai Lama or Central Tibetan Administration,\" Vernatti said.Asked why China would listen to them, he said China needs Europe more than ever before. \"We need China, but China also needs us more than ever before. Everything is interdependent and therefore, we hope China will definitely listen to us,\" he said.Addressing Tibetans in presence of the Tibetan spiritual leader at the uprising day function, the delegation members also said that free elections in the Chinese city Wukan is a good sign that China will change.\"To be a trusted and respected China, it has to change and democratise. Until that, China will get support only from some small crazy countries like North Korea, Myanmar or Iraq,\" Vernatti observed.The Italian parliamentarians said they were here in the town to reiterate and commit themselves to do whatever they can do to pressurize China.\"The European Union representatives normally meet Chinese officials twice a year. In such meetings, the Italian government and European Union will take up the matter with China,\" said Jean Leonard Touadi, member of foreign affairs commission and first African-Italian member of parliament there.The seven-member delegation is likely to leave the town on Monday, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12228083", "title": "Redevelopment of TNHB buildings caught in legal battle", "text": "CHENNAI: Redevelopment plans for around 50 apartments, originally promoted by the Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB) in areas like Besant Nagar, Adyar, Anna Nagar and Shanthi Colony, are stuck in legal battles. What's worse, many apartment complexes have already been razed and the owners are staying in rented premises waiting to move into their new houses. The dispute between the apartment owners and the TNHB is over a premium (10% cost of the extra floor space index - FSI is the ratio of land area to the builtup area) that the latter is demanding for issuing no-objection certificates (NOC) for the redevelopment.As the TNHB had underutilized FSI, many developers have shown interest in redeveloping such complexes, either through outright purchase or through joint-venture deals, with a view to capitalizing on the additional permissible FSI. This had led to a steep hike in the prices of old TNHB apartments in the city in recent years. Since the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority and the Chennai Corporation are not issuing plan approvals and building permits without an NOC from TNHB, redevelopment work on several projects is stuck.The issue, which came up in various courts, has now been referred to a full bench of the Madras HC.Without TNHB's no-objection certificate, regulatory authorities are not approving redevelopment of apartments TNHB is demanding 10% premium for additional FSI from owners before issuing NOCs for redevelopment Madras HC ruled in 2007 that TNHB cannot arbitrarily refuse NOCs on the basis that it is entitled to collect 10% of the present market value TNHB has appealed with regard to many cases. The matter is now before a full bench of the HC Housing board bent on claiming NOCs.In September, 2007, the first bench, comprising the then Chief Justice A P Shah and Justice P Jyothimani, had ruled: \"Unless there is a statutory rule enabling the housing board to make such collections, the housing board cannot arbitrarily refuse to issue the no-objection certificate on the basis that it is entitled to collect 10% of the market value.\" The court further said it is not proper on the part of the civic body also to insist on an NOC from the TNHB.The matter did not end there. When the regulatory bodies continued to demand NOCs, apartment owners and promoters approached the HC through a series of petitions and obtained exemptions from such conditions for their individual projects.However, the TNHB filed appeals in most cases last year. The present first bench, which heard those cases, has referred them to a full bench for adjudication. To stake claim over the benefits of redevelopment, the TNHB cited one of the common clauses in its sale deeds, which reads, \"The purchaser and the persons deriving title under him/her shall not put up construction of any sort over or around the space available in and around the flat, without prior permission of the TNHB in writing.\"The owners challenge this, saying when the TNHB has sold the property absolutely, after collecting money for the undivided share of land and the apartments, it enjoys no right over the property or its redevelopment potential. Section 49 of the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act also prohibits the regulatory agencies from demanding an NOC, they point out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12227919", "title": "Rajasthan University passes deficit budget for 2012-13", "text": "JAIPUR: The syndicate members of Rajasthan University have cleared on Sunday a deficit budget for 2012-13. The estimated revenue from all sources stands at Rs 233.51 crore against a proposed expense of Rs 258.78 crore, leaving a shortfall of Rs 25 crore in the new financial year.A senior RU official indicated a substantial rise in the annual budget gap this year on account of additional expenses due to revised pay-scales and increasing expenditures. In such a situation, it would be difficult for the university to introduce new courses, he added.\"The university administration is banking on Rs 40 crore from the state government and expects it to be released on time. Besides, it is pinning hopes on grants from various funding agencies,\" said the official.The apex body approved the recommendations of selection committee for promoting 32 associate professors to professors with immediate effect. They were promoted under revised rules of Career Advancement Scheme 2002.The syndicate also passed the recommendation of academic council which allows students to see the answersheets by depositing a fee of Rs 580 per copy. Besides, members discussed different ways to raise funds and bring in better governance practices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12226011", "title": "Micans take honest step to root out corruption", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of eight youngsters from Hyderabad, led by a former Mica institute graduate Mujib Khan, is undertaking a 3,500 km walk across villages and cities in the country appealing to people to imbibe the virtue of personal honesty and stand up against corruption. In Ahmedabad, a group of Mica students participated in a 4.5 km walk in the city. \"We expect others to stick to values and ignore oneself. This attitude sows the first seed of corruption in ourselves,\" says Khan. The group calls itself 'Bhumi' and plans its next trip to Bhopal in the next two days.\"We have been visiting institutes and trying to learn about how youngsters perceive corruption. We also interact with communities in villages and discuss on topics on personal honesty and corruption in governance and delivery of services. We find villages more aware of the issues related to corruption than people in cities,\" says another Bhumi member Shravanti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225657", "title": "Man sets wife ablaze, arrested", "text": "NAGPUR: A 42-year-old man set his wife on fire after she refused to part with money for purchasing liquor at their Sevadal Nagar residence on Holi. Sakkardara Police have arrested Ashok Ingle after his wife Sangeeta complained against her husband in the dying declaration.Ashok, was a habitual liquor addict. On the day of the incident, Ashok was harassing her for money but she refused. In a fit of anger, Ashok doused her with kerosene before flickering match sticks on her.A seriously injured Sangeeta was taken toGMCH where she blamed Ashok in her statement.Sakkardara police have registered an offence of attempt to murder against Ashok.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227606", "title": "Planning the timeline", "text": "Flexible curricula, diverse classrooms and studentfriendly campuses make the US one of the favourite academic destinations for Indian students. The US undergraduate admissions policy is based on a multifaceted assessment of student capabilities - academic record, extracurricular activities, leadership potential, standardised tests, letters of recommendation and application essays.However, putting together an application portfolio for admission to one of the American universities at the UG level can be daunting. But these applications can be successfully tackled with careful planning, and interested students should design a strategy centred on the time they have at hand.If you have another year to go until your class XII board examinations, now is the time to start researching colleges based on the undergraduate experience you seek. Mull over what it is you want to study, and how much financial assistance you need. Also consider factors such as a liberal arts and sciences programmes, campus size and location, student population and diversity, and student to faculty ratio. In the final analysis, all of these details will colour and define your experience of studying abroad. Compile a preliminary shortlist of about 15 colleges, which you can later pare down to seven or eight after receiving your tests scores.&gt;&gt; TEST SCORESMost universities will require you to submit scores from the SATI or ACT2 standardised test, and the TOEFL3, which measures English language proficiency. Depending on the test requirements of your shortlisted colleges, you may also need to write subject specific SATII tests. These tests should ideally be taken between May and October, which will allow you ample margin to retake a test if you wish to improve your score.From August to November you will have to request letters of recommendation, get transcripts attested, work on application essays, and obtain financial statements, to name a few. The earlier you start getting acquainted with the various aspects of your applications (including the logistical), the better equipped you will be to meet your mid-December to early-January deadlines. Ultimately, an early finish will translate into a well-deserved holiday before your examinations and admission offers roll in.You may want to drive the early start to maximum advantage - attend college fairs, connect with admissions officers, and most importantly, get familiar with the application process. You can even start an application on www.commonapp.org just to get a feel of the application process. If your family can afford it, you could go college shopping in the summer, or even attend a summer programme at a US university.&gt;&gt; BASIC REQUIREMENTSIf you are in class XII right now, then too the basic admission requirements and procedures remain unchanged. But options as to your immediate course of action vary. Check the following websites for more information (www.collegeboard.com; www.act.org; www.ets.org/toefl).&gt;&gt; SPRING ADMISSIONSYou can apply to a few universities that have rolling admissions policies. These are institutions which accept applications all year round, subject to availability of seats. Most US universities also have a spring intake of students, though this number is substantially smaller than their corresponding fall intake. When admitted, students start their college career in the semester starting January or February, as opposed to their classmates who began the previous September. If you wish to apply for the spring session, deadlines will be around May and June.&gt;&gt; GAP YEARAnother option is the gap year, which gives you a chance to take a break from formal education, and explore other avenues through which you may gain both knowledge and perspective. During their gap year, students have been known to teach, take up social service, travel, learn a new language, complete a diploma programme, intern with an organisation, or take the AP tests to enhance their knowledge of a subject. Students attending college after a gap year often return to their studies rejuvenated, with a better idea of what they wish to study and why, and this focus is reflected in higher achievement levels as well.No matter where you find yourself on the timeline, remember US undergraduate admissions are rigorous because they are holistic. This means that the time between now and when you send in your applications does matter. If spent gainfully, it will certainly boost your profile and chances of admission.For more, log on to www usief org in and www educationusa state gov", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12227470", "title": "GRP men recover baby boy at station", "text": "KANPUR: The cops of Government Railway Police (GRP) have recovered a five months old baby boy abandoned at platform number two of Kanpur Central railway station on Friday night. There was no clue about the parents of the child. The cops said that the child has been abandoned by a couple who had stepped out from Lucknow-Kanpur local passenger train .The child was brought to the police station.A GRP official that the child was in the lap of a woman who had stepped out of Lucknow-Kanpur local train. Efforts are on to trace the parents.At present, a woman constable is taking care of the child. \"If the parents of the child will not turn up, he would be handed over to the Childline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "12226510", "title": "Minor girl molested", "text": "KOLLAM: The Kottarakkara police registered a case against two youths on charge of raping a minor girl. Shine and Manoj are tipper lorry drivers by profession. They allegedly raped a dalit minor girl, who lived in their neighbourhood.According to the police, the 16-year-old girl had been subjected to abuse by her own father since the age of 13. This was revealed in a counselling session held at her school last year. Following this, she was shifted to the Mahila Samakhya Society in Thiruvananthapuram. She was brought back to her home on Sunday as her class 11 examination was scheduled to begin on Monday. On Sunday night, her father came home drunk and tried to rape her. The girl, who ran out of the home, landed in the hands of the accused, who were having a booze party in their truck. Both the accused are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12226051", "title": "Illegal mining on in Aravallis: Residents", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Suncity in Gurgaon have alleged that a portion of the Aravali hills have been plundered and they have lodged a complaint with the forest department, police and district administration regarding the issue. Residents complained that damage has been caused because of the extraction of minor minerals from the region, which has been permitted by the Gurgaon branch of mines and geology department. This, despite there being a blanket ban on any form of extraction of minor and major minerals by the Supreme Court. \"There have been continuous illegal activities in the name of development by private colonizers and others,\" an email complaint lodged by the residents alleges. They have also forwarded photographs of the particular areas. They have alleged that the authorities connived with the builders to grant permission for removing minor mineral which is against the Supreme Court's ruling. Ironically, the permission order issued by the mines and geology department dated March 2, 2011 mentions the SC ruling. The government order also mentions that the permit/ memos can be terminated without giving any notice and compensation. \"This is a smart move by the authorities. In case they are hauled for giving permission, they can withdraw the order immediately to save themselves. We have sought an early intervention from the departments concerned,\" said Abhay Poonia, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12226229", "title": "3-day exhibition to mark anniversary of tsunami in Japan", "text": "GURGAON: On March 11, 2011 Japan suffered a triple disaster. An earthquake, magnitude 9 on the richter scale, was followed by a devastating tsunami hitting the country's north-east coast, killing thousands and leading finally to a severe nuclear radiation crisis - a setback from which the region is still recovering.The government of Japan is portraying this recovery and rebuilding process by holding international events under the rubric of Japan Next Campaign, for all the world to see. And Gurgaon's residents can get a taste of this at the Japan Next exhibition, slated to begin at the Ambience Mall on March 16.The three-day exhibition marks the anniversary of last year's natural setback for Japan, and will showcase the country's year-long efforts to recuperate economically and emotionally.\"The 'Japan Next' campaign is designed to express Japan's gratitude to the world for support after last year's earthquake. And to showcase Japan's recovery through the introduction of a mix of Japanese culture and technology, \" said a representative of Intellectual Property Strategy Headquarters of the Cabinet Secretariat of Japan, which is organizing the event here.This year is also a special one for Indo-Japanese relations, marking the 60th anniversary of diplomatic ties between the two countries. \"In commemoration of this, the Japanese government will exhibit the latest quality Japanese products that are well-regarded in the Indian market, which include automobiles and consumer electronics,\" the representative added.The event will also showcase food-products and other commodities produced in the country's east coast. Organizers say that the ongoing campaign, which involves organizing similar events in some 20 countries across the world, is part of the Japanese government's 'Cool Japan' strategy. \"This strategy is designed to spread and deliver Japanese technology, food, arts, traditional culture and design to the rest of the world,\" said the representative, adding that the Cool Japan strategy will also be playing a significant role in the country's recovery.The Japanese ambassador to India, Akitaka Saiki is expected to attend the event, along with the chairman of Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Katsuya Okihiro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12233769", "title": "DMCH affairs to be probed: Choubey", "text": "PATNA: Health department principal secretary Amarjeet Sinha has been asked to probe the alleged irregularities in purchase and functioning of medical equipment, non-availability of medicine and the high cost incurred on the remodelling of auditorium at the Darbhanga Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), and submit his report within a month.Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey made the announcement in the state assembly on Monday while replying to the call attention notice of BJP member from Darbhanga, Sanjay Sarawagi. The latter earlier demanded from Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary that the probe be conducted either by the vigilance department, or by a House committee constituted by him, or by the chief secretary, but the Speaker refused to accept the plea.Choubey said Sarawagi would be invited to be present during the probe. At this, another BJP member Vinod Narayan Jha said that other signatories to the call attention notice should be also allowed to be present during the probe. Sarawagi maintained that machines worth Rs 24 crore had been supplied to the hospital, and medicine worth Rs 18 crore had been purchased, but most of them were not available to patients. He added that Rs 2.5 crore had been spent on remodelling of the DMCH auditorium. Choubey said that follow-up steps had been taken to ensure that medicine were supplied to hospitals in time, and the erring firms would be blacklisted, but this didn't satisfy the members concerned.With regard to the demand of Sarawagi, Choudhary ruled that DMCH superintendent, its storekeeper and Darbhanga Medical College principal would not be part of the probe team. When Sarawagi pointed out that the related papers and documents could be destroyed or tampered with and demanded that the three be shifted from DMCH, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi intervened to allay his fears.\"The probe will be completed in time. We want to assure the House that justice will be done. There is no question of tampering with the related papers, since they are available with you, as you claim,\" Modi told Sarawagi.Earlier, when Choubey said that mechanical ventilator was functioning at the DMCH, Sarawagi, citing a letter of the college principal, pointed out that it had been lying out of use. The minister announced that he would get this matter probed by Monday evening itself. \"If found guilty, the officials concerned would be suspended on Tuesday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12227840", "title": "Man held for trafficking women from Mizoram", "text": "PUNE: A man was arrested on Saturday for allegedly trafficking women from Mizoram on the pretext of training them for spa work but, instead, coercing them into flesh trade. The operation was jointly carried out by the city crime branch and the Mizoram police.The suspect has been identified as Lalduhawma Rawudena Coil of north Aizawl in Mizoram. Coil was arrested from a flat in Karvenagar.Speaking to TOI, senior police inspector Bhanupratap Barge said the Mizoram police had contacted the Pune police after receiving a complaint against Coil on March 1.The case was registered under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act.\"Our team gathered information about the suspect and his activities in the city. We raided his flat in Karvenagar in the wee hours of Saturday after the Mizoram police reached here,\" he added.Barge said there were some men and women in the flat at the time of the raid. The police also found out that Coil had taken away all the original certificates from these men and women. When the police questioned them, they said they had come to Pune for spa training. \"Five women told the police that they did not want to pursue the training and wanted to go back to Mizoram.\"Barge said the police also found out that the suspect had started an institute for spa training in the flat. \"We are verifying the details of the institute.\"He said that Coil was produced before the court, was granted transit remand and sent to Mizoram for further investigations.The city investigating team comprised assistant police inspector Vimal Bidve, police constables Mohan Thorat, Ashok Takalkar, Krishna Machare and Shashikant Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12227384", "title": "Curtains on state-level Ayurveda workshop", "text": "MYSORE: Students of Ayurveda medical college from across the country thronged the heritage city for two days to explore the ancient methods of preparing various substances used to make medicines.More than 100 post graduate students took part in Arogyavardhini-2012, a two-day state-level workshop on Rasashastra, organized by JSS Ayurveda Medical College and Hospital. The event concluded on Sunday.Assistant professor, department of post graduation studies in Rasashastra, JSS College, Dr V Shreeshananda Sharma told TOI that since there is an increased demand for ayurveda treatment and medicine, they are focusing on standardization of the procedure of making ayurvedic medicinal substances.Akash Maske, a student from Mumbai, said Pottali Kalpa, a very rare ancient procedure used for preparing ayurvedic medicine is not taught in many colleges. She said the method was well demonstrated here. Sharing the unique experience, Maske said he learnt the methods of making ayurveda medicines which are still practiced in villages and revaluating and standardization of these medicines is the need of the hour.NOTICE BOARDThe 17th annual convocation of the SDM Institute for Management Development will be held on March 22. Post graduate diploma in management certificates will be awarded to 118 students. S Ramadorai, vice chairman of TCS and advisor to the prime minister in the national skill development council, will deliver the convocation address.Golden girl: Dr Pooja Prakash Prabhu of JSS Medical College was awarded eight gold medals and cash prize for securing first rank in MBBS during the graduation day which was organized recently by JSS Medical college.Workshop on geoinformatics: The department of geography, Maharaja's College, will conduct a two-day workshop on \"Geoinformatics for natural resource management\" for under graduate science lecturers on its premises from March 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229660", "title": "Karisma\u2019s son reunites Neetu, Babita Kapoor", "text": "The two ladies were spotted leaving for Goa to celebrate Karisma's son's second birthdayKiaan Raj Kapoor, Karisma Kapoor's little son turns two today. And to celebrate his birthday, the Kapoor family flew out to Goa on Sunday morning. Interestingly, apart from Mommy Lolo and aunt Bebo, the little one's grannies Babita and Neetu were also part of the entourage.For the few unaware of the Kapoor Khandaan dynamics, Neetu and Babita have never been the best of friends , despite their husbands Rishi and Randhir Kapoor being as thick as ever. In fact, Neetu reportedly did not even attend Karisma's wedding. And thus, seeing the two ladies bond at the Mumbai airport on Sunday did manage to raise a few eyebrows. An eyewitness told Mumbai Mirror, \"It was very heartwarming to see Babita and Neetu bond. The entire family looked very happy together. Like two doting naanis, the women fussed over little Kiaan and seven-year-old Samaira.\"The Goa entourage also included nana Randhir Kapoor. And though aunt Kareena took time off from her hectic schedule to be a part of Kiaan's birthday festivities, her boyfriend Saif Ali Khan , busy promoting his home production Agent Vinod , couldn't be a part of the family trip.While Kiaan turns two today, his sister Samaira turned seven yesterday. And thus, the family celebration in the party capital of India is surely a special one. After all, the kids have already managed to bring the family (read grandmothers) together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12227617", "title": "LPG firm told to pay blast victim", "text": "BANGALORE: An LPG-manufacturing company is liable to compensate a cylinder blast victim even if it has taken steps to fix the defect, a Bangalore consumer court has observed. The court granted compensation of Rs 1.17 lakh with 10% per annum interest to a Vishwapriya Layout resident, who was severely injured in a cylinder blast at his house on October 16, 2010. A two-member bench of SS Nagarale and Balakrishna V Masali directed Hindustan Petroleum (HP) and Shanthi Gas Agency on Hosur Road to jointly pay Rs 1.15 lakh to KU Nachappa. The bench also directed the company and the agency to pay Rs 2,000 to Nachappa for litigation cost and 10% interest on the entire amount from the date of the incident. \"The complainant not only suffered physical injury, but also mental shock and agony. He is definitely entitled to the compensation for all his sufferings,\" the bench said in its February 2 order.Complainant's Case FileNachappa purchased an HP cylinder from Shanthi Gas Agency in October 2010. But it was not working. On October 16, 2010, the company sent a technician to rectify the problem. Nachappa was standing next to the technician when the cylinder burst, inflicting burns on both. Nachappa suffered burns on his face, hands and legs and was treated at St John's Hospital. His kitchen was badly damaged too. Alleging that the accident was due to a manufacturing defect in the cylinder and the technician's inefficiency, Nachappa sought Rs 1.18 lakh compensation.Defence ArgumentThe company and the agency collectively argued that when the technician was examining the cylinder and regulator, the complainant tried to light the stove without any instruction from the technician, which resulted in the fire. \"The technician suffered more injuries than the complainant. The latter's injuries were minor,\" the company said.What Court SaidTaking note of the photographs provided by Nachappa, the consumer court ruled that he received severe injuries in the blast. The court said the explosion was because of a defective gas cylinder and termed it deficiency in service on part of the company and the agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227187", "title": "Jayalalithaa to send representatives to Lucknow", "text": "Greeting UP CM-designate Akhilesh Singh Yadav on his party's electoral success, Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa on Sunday said she will send her representatives to attend his swearing-in ceremony.Jayalalithaa spoke to Yadav over phone and greeted him for emerging as the youngest CM of UP and said that he was now carrying the expectations of the people of that state. \"Yadav sought the blessings of the CM.She assured him that her blessings would be with him and said he had now been entrusted with a big responsibilty and carried the expect-ations of the people,\" an official release in Chennai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "west midnapore", "code": "12226052", "title": "Judicial probe starts into BDO death", "text": "WEST MIDNAPORE: A judicial inquiry has been started into the unnatural death of Kallol Sur, a BDO who was posted at West Midnapore's Daspur II block and was found hanging in his office on April 8, 2008.Sur's family had alleged that he had been murdered and then his body hanged. Soon after taking over the reins of the state, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had announced on July 8, 2011, that the case will be probed by a judicial commission headed by former Justice Gitesh Ranjan Bhattacharya. The probe finally started on Saturday.The commission will reportedly investigate 16 different issues related to the death. If anyone knows anything directly or indirectly about the case, he or she can inform the commission within a month. West Midnapore DM Surendra Gupta said they have submitted the report on the case to the commission a few months back.Sur's father Dilip and mother Maya are not ready to believe that their son committed suicide. Sur was only 30 years old when he died. It was on April 9, 2008, that Sur's driver Swapan Satra had informed Sur's scientist brother Ujjal about his death on telephone. Dilip said he had met his son the previous day and everything had seemed normal. So what could possibly have led him to take such a drastic step the very next day, he wonders. Dilip suspects that his son was facing some problems from the block administration and police.Dilip had also alleged that the officer in charge of Daspur police station, Biswajit Saha, refused to accept a complaint after his son's death and that he had then sent a written complaint to the West Midnapore district police by post. Plus, Dilip allegedly received his son's death certificate almost four years later, on February 2, 2012.Dilip said he would write to the commission requesting that Maya and his elder son be spared the questioning sessions. \"My wife has not yet got over the shock of our son's death. She cannot see or hear properly. And my elder son stays abroad. I will request the commission not to interrogate them,\" he said, demanding death sentence for 23 persons and life sentence for 33 persons who he believes are responsible for his son's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12226380", "title": "Cops take a tough stand on criminals", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a bid to make Coimbatore a safe city, police have started a massive crackdown on mafias and rackets involved in circulation of illegal lotteries, prostitution, gambling and sale of spurious liquor.Fifteen special teams of selected police officials have been constituted on Sunday by city police commissioner TP Sundaramurthy to act tough on people involved in such illegal activities. The move was taken in the background of growing sale of illegal lotteries and spurious liquor in the city limits. Prostitution and gambling rackets have also started thriving and police promise that they would wipe all such rackets very soon.According to Sundaramurthy, the special teams would roam around in bus stands and public places, and conduct surprise raids at lodges, hotels and holiday homes. Addressing a meeting of assistant police commissioners and inspectors on Sunday, Sundaramurthy said such criminal activities would be dealt with sternly. Director General of Police (DGP) K Ramanujam has issued an order directing all the senior police officers to conduct regular combing operations to curb anti-social activities, he said.Sundaramurthy has given a free hand to inspectors to conduct raids randomly within their respective limits to expose anti-social elements. \"We want our city free from prostitution, illegal lotteries, illicit liquor and gambling. The new teams will flesh out such evil tendencies and ensure better law and order in the city,\" said Sundaramoorthy.The commissioner also warned of action against those inspectors who permit illicit liquor sales and lottery selling in the city. He also directed officials to prepare a list of illicit lottery sellers and stockists. Based on the list, raids would be conducted on their premises.The move assumes significance as a close relative of controversial lottery king Santiago Martin was booked two days ago for smuggling lottery tickets to the city from Palakkad in Kerala.The commissioner also appealed to the public to pass any information regarding illegal lottery sales, prostitution, illicit liquor sales and gambling by contacting the police control room. Meanwhile, superintendent of police (rural) ES Uma siad \"We have conducted combing operation across the district for the past two days. We did not seize any major account of illegal lotteries and liquors. We would take stringent action against the persons who are involving in anti-social activities in the rural Coimbatore areas.\" Likewise, Erode and Tirupur police have also started combing operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225188", "title": "South Ambazari road speaks of official apathy", "text": "NAGPUR: On January 23, just three days after it was done, the tarring on South Ambazari Road came off completely exposing the inferior quality of work. The same day, officials from Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) inspected the road and directed the contractor to remove the substandard material and redo the work properly. So far the contractor has done nothing and officials too are taking it easy.The tar patches that came off have been left as it is between Bajaj Nagar square and Subhash Nagar T-point. In places, metal has been exposed and vehicles passing over it experience a bumpy ride. This proves sheer negligence of officials who failed to make the contractor complete the tar work. \"Contractor has been directed to remove the bad patches of tar and undertake work afresh. We are expecting to start the work in a few days,\" said an engineer.Contractor PMA Constructions was awarded the work of doing patch work over of 200 metres followed by surface layer over 900 metres from Mate square to Deekshabhoomi. OG Bajaj Constructions was to do patch work on 156 metres followed by surface layer 1,250 metres on remaining stretch. The total cost of the works was 92 lakh.When chief engineer AN Shambarkar and executive engineer GD Jambhulkar learnt of the tar having come off, they inspected the road on January 23. Shambarkar issued a letter to Jambhulkar the same day pointing out five things that went wrong in the tar work. \"Contractor has been directed to stop the work. The tar work done on the road should be completely removed out. The work should be re-started only after taking my permission,\" he wrote. Forwarding the same letter to the contractors, Jambhulkar had directed them to correct the problems.Jambhulkar also pointed out about absence of deputy engineer and junior engineers on the spot during the work. \"There was no engineer present when the work was being done,\" he said. As per rules, junior engineer concerned should be present when the work is being done to ensure quality.However, NMC engineers routinely ignore this and just sign on the bills blindly.Neither engineers nor any higher official visit the sites. Shambarkar had seen it himself during his visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12227657", "title": "Yeddyurappa buries his banner of revolt for now", "text": "HUBLI: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa did not exactly flex his muscles at the \"show of strength\" organized by him and his supporters here. Far from asking to be reinstated as chief minister, Yeddyurappa openly asked his supporters not to press for any post in the party for him.Yeddyurappa told reporters at a hotel before the rally, that he would decline to head the state unit of the party even if the central leadership asked him to do so.The rally, held at Nehru Grounds, had his supporters from all parts of the state. Ministers Jagadish Shettar, R Ashoka , Shobha Karandlaje , Murugesh R Nirani, Basavaraj Bommai, C M Udasi, Umesh V Katti, V Somanna and M P Renukacharya, MPs Suresh Angadi, Prabhakar B Kore and several legislators were present.Reiterating that he would not quit the party, Yeddyurappa vowed to strengthen the BJP as an ordinary party worker.Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, though, had enough cause to worry about his predecessor's turnaround. \"I will not campaign for the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll. I am still facing eight corruption cases. My visit to the constituency will only embarrass the chief minister and state party chief K S Eshwarappa,'' Yeddyurappa said.Yeddyurappa was obliquely referring to Gowda's statement in Mumbai, that Yeddyurappa had been given a clean chit by the high court only on the Lokayukta's report on illegal mining and was still facing eight other corruption cases.Spiking speculation that he would quit the BJP or join the NCP, Yeddyurappa said: \"There is no need to be in power to serve the common man, which is what I am doing today. I am with you and will write this in blood. From today onwards , there is no faction of mine in the party.\"On the maiden state budget to be presented by Gowda, the former CM said: \"Karnataka is in No 2 position in development. I would have put Karnataka in No 1 position if I had not been harassed and tortured by my own party leaders and opposition parties, and made to step down.\"Taking a dig at former prime minister H D Deve Gowda, he said: \"It was Gowda's dream to dethrone me. He was nurturing this ambition from the day I became CM. He succeeded. I wish him good luck.''Parallel Meet In BijapurRuling BJP is heading into a zone of unrest. Conclaves and counter-conclaves are certain to be the order of the day in the days to come.While BS Yeddyurappa has called a meeting of his loyalists at his Race Course residence in Bangalore on Tuesday, supporters of D V Sadananda Gowda-K S Eshwarappa are set to hold a convention to felicitate the duo in Bijapur after the budget session.Ministers Balachander L Jarkiholi and Govind M Karjol have taken the initiative to organize the event. Preliminary meeting is being held in Bangalore on March 14 to work out the details.Why BSY Won't Quit PartyFear of losing support among Lingayats Not many MLAs may follow him Most of his loyalist ministers and MLAs nurse bigger political ambitions and BJP matters more to them than Yeddyurappa Bangalore MLAs and senior minister Jagadish Shettar, who are backing him now, may not join him if he walks out of the party Karnataka has always cold-shouldered regional parties. Rebel BJP leader B Sriramulu is struggling with his proposed regional partyReader WritesBJP should remember to keep BSY in good humourFormer chief minister BS Yeddyurappa is a force to reckon with whether the BJP high command accepts this reality or not. He and his supporters could easily end the BJP's rule in the only southern state. The fact is that he cannot be made the CM once again as several corruption cases are yet meet a logical end. Yeddyurappa should be kept in good humour so that he doesn't do anything that could destabilize the present shaky BJP. The sooner a suitable position is created for Yeddyurappa the better so that the government can go ahead with developmental work which is crawling in view of the uncertain situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12227534", "title": "Glaucoma week begins with 'awareness walk' by medicos", "text": "KANPUR: The glaucoma week began with a 'glaucoma walk' from Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial (GSVM) Medical College on Sunday. The event was jointly organized by the Glaucoma Society of India and Kanpur Ophthalmic Society. Similar walks to increase awareness on glaucoma were organized in as many as 72 cities all over the country.The walk was flagged off by district magistrate Hari Om, who released balloons into the sky to give a green signal to the walkers. The special guests were GSVM Medical College principal Anand Swaroop and chief medical officer Jai Singh.The walkers covered various localities and rested at Motijheel to come back to GSVM.The medical students, holding banners containing educational slogans became the centre of attention in many areas.\"There are about 12 million cases of preventable blindness in the country and glaucoma constitute five to eight per cent of them,\" informed Dr RC Gupta, senior ophthalmologist at Lala Lajpat Rai hospital. He added that after cataract (nearly 80 per cent), glaucoma is the second leading cause of preventable blindness in the country.\"Initially there is decrease of peripheral vision and the patient can only see objects that are in front of him/her which can progress to complete blindness,\" said Dr Shailini Mohan, ophthalmologist at LLR.Chief medical officer, Dr Jai Singh said that people needed to be aware of the risk factors and early symptoms of the disease for preventing blindness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12233862", "title": "Filmmaking is about the Friday verdict: Rohan Sippy", "text": "Rohan Sippy in a freewheeling chat...With GP Sippy as his grandfather and Ramesh Sippy as his father, Rohan Sippy felt that going to an Ivy League school would help him on an alternative career if filmmaking did not work for him. \"I was studying philosophy in Stanford and felt that apart from filmmaking a disciplined set of study in a school like that makes you prepared for the kind of 'perfection' and 'hunger for innovation' that you apply in life later.Rohan directed Kuch Na Kahoo (2003) and Bluffmaster (2005), and then he decided to take a break from direction while he produced films like Taxi 9211, Chandni Chowk to China and The President is Coming. \"Filmmaking is a cumulative effort of thought processes put together. It requires a lot of things that can tax you forever and now that every Friday decides the fate of your career in Bollywood , one has to be cautious directing a film that will be just wiped off if it does not click.\" Being friends with Abhishek Bachchan has also helped him in his career. He says, \"When you have a friend like Abhishek Bachchan working with you, work life becomes easier.\"Over the Dum Maaro Dum controversy Rohan says, \"The song was shot because of a particular situation in the film and I don't find anything objectionable or titillating about the song. There is a situation about a rave party and for that we can't have classical dance for the song. Even Helen danced in skimpy outfits and she had item numbers in films. But, everyone is entitled to their reactions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227694", "title": "\u2018Too much work, too less manpower\u2019", "text": "Severe staff constraints have affected services offered by banks as well as their recovery and marketing processes, says All India Bank Officers Association (AIBOA). \"The problem with vacancies is huge,\" says AIBOA chairman R J Sridharan, pointing out the all-India exam for recruitment has not been held for the past 15 years consequent of the abolition of the Banking Services Recruitment Board (BSRB).He says in the absence of a centralized system of selection, recruitments are delayed and appointment letters are issued six months late. In the coming three months, he says, up to 5 lakh bank employees will retire. At the same time, over the past 10 years, there has been a 10-fold increase in business of banks, with a huge number of 'no-frills' accounts for which the banks don't levy service charge.Sridharan estimates current staff requirement of both public and private sector banks across the country at 3 lakh, inclusive of officers and other staff. He notes that customer complaints are increasing as the computerization process has not been smooth and a \"lot of bugs\" cause glitches that affect services. In a nation-wide strike six months ago, employees of nationalized banks demanded the revival of BSRB and that adequate staff be hired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12226818", "title": "7 top cops held for liquor mafia links", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sending shockwaves through the police department, Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) personnel on Sunday arrested seven senior police personnel for their ties with the liquor mafia.ACB Special Investigation Team (SIT) personnel have arrested seven senior police officials, including three deputy superintendents of police (DSPs) from Khammam, Adilabad, Warangal and Kurnool districts, for accepting 'mamools' from liquor syndicate to allow them to flout the Excise Act norms.ACB arrested Sri Ram Prasad, officer on special duty (OSD), Kothagudem, who had previously worked as DSP, Mahbubabad, B Uma Maheshwar, OSD, Adilabad, Veereshwar Rao, DSP waiting for a posting, who previously worked as DSP Hanamkonda, Ranadheer, circle inspector (CI), Subedari police station, Vijaya Sarathi, CI, Kazipet, V Sreedhar Rao, CI, Adilabad (Rural) and B Gunashekar Babu, CI, Police Control Room, Kurnool, who previously worked as CI, Yemmiganuru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12231184", "title": "A New Breed of Global Leaders", "text": "The executive MBA in international business at IIM-Shillong, in a tie-up with a Chinese university, is a one-year programme that aims at producing global leadersThe Indian Institute of Management, Shillong (IIM-S), has launched a one-year executive postgraduate programme (PGPEx) in international business, which aims to develop leadership skills with an emphasis on working with multicultural global teams.This is the first Sino-Indian MBA programme in which students will spend the latter six months of their internship in China. The institute has collaborated with the Ocean University of China for the same. The programme will include understanding Chinese business and growth.Neighbours as partnersWhy China? \"China has emerged as one of the biggest trading partners with the country, yet no one has ventured into an academic partnership. IIM-S has always believed in innovating and setting trends, which is what we intend to do with this programme,\" says, Ashok K Dutta, director, IIM-S.The focus of this MBA programme is on emerging economies like Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa (BRICS).EligibilityWhile the maximum intake into the course is limited to 45, aspirants must have three years of work experience in an executive position with a Bachelor's degree. Admissions will take place through interviews (preliminary and main). All participants should submit the application form electronically and provide the acknowledgement slip at the time of the interview.AccommodationParticipants will be housed in an apartment complex near the campus of IIM-S, in India, and the International students' guest house at Ocean university of China, Qingdao, during the six months of the course.Programme FeeThe fee will be about Rs 12 lakh including tuition fee and accommodation only in India and China. The candidate has to bear the cost of food, visa and entry fees and air/surface travel connected with this programme. The cost of such heads of expenditure is expected to be between rupees two and five lakh.The programme is open to candidates from all over the globe. The session will begin from April 6.(www.iimshillong.in)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12227758", "title": "Young \u2019n\u2019 old share canvas at art fest", "text": "CHENNAI: It's all in the family for artist M Senathipathi. Sharing gallery space with his children at a group exhibition that opened at the Cholamandal Artists' Village on Sunday, he is a part of the nine-day Art Chennai Festival.While his daughters S Hemalatha and M S Geetha are showcasing their sculptures, his son S Saravanan has contributed a painting to the exhibition. \"Although none of them had any formal training, my children were drawn to art since a very young age,\" says Senathipathi. His son is an engineer and holds a full time job when he is not painting. \"As artists, we struggled to make a living in our early days, as there was little money in art,\" he says.Apart from Senathipathi, the exhibition features the works of 13 senior artists including Richard Jesudoss, V Haridhasan, S G Vasudev, S N Nandagopal and P Gopinath, and twelve junior artists.While the youngsters are inspired by senior artists, their work itself is very independent, says Jacob Jebaraj, who has displayed his serigraphy on a canvas titled 'Juxtapose' at the exhibition.\"My father always told me to go my own way,\" says Jebaraj of his father Richard Jesudoss, whose work titled 'Village' is also displayed at the exhibition. \"My work is very different from his. We are different individuals and our work has been influenced by our varied religious and social experiences,\" he says. Senathipathi agrees. \"Originality is most important if you want to be an artist,\" he says.The exhibition saw many people trooping in to take a look at the works on display. But artists say there is a need to attract a larger audience to art galleries. \"Art shows do not attract as many people as music or dance performances,\" says A Selvaraj, whose work 'Mother and Child' is on display at the exhibition. \"One reasons may be that people do not follow abstract art, a style adopted by many younger artists,\" he says. Art Chennai Festival concludes on March 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12225838", "title": "Corporators packed off on tours ahead of mayoral polls", "text": "NASHIK: With apprehensions that they will be coaxed to withdraw nominations for the posts of mayor and deputy mayor by opposition parties, corporators have been packed off on tours by party supremos till the polls, which will be held on March 15.A senior NCP leader said NCP corporators have been sent on a tour to Lonavla till the polls. \"All arrangements have been made by Chhagan Bhujbal and newly-appointed group leader, Vinayak is leading the group,\" he said.A senior Congress leader revealed that elected and unelected party members were on a tour with their families but refused to disclose the place.Elected members of the MNS have been sent to Saputara, a party leader said. \"They will return on March 14 or 15,\" he said. Another revealed that corporators were at a Powai resort and may go to some undisclosed destination.However, a leader of the NCP was uncertain as to how this exercise could prevent deceit by partymen.some corporators said that party leaders were deliberately maintaining secrecy as to where the corporators are housed to mislead the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225667", "title": "Crib deaths a concern in Mumbai too", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the mystery of crib deaths in West Bengal refuses to go away, the reply to a Right to Information application has put the spotlight on infant deaths in Mumbai, particularly those related to hospital infections.As per the RTI reply, in the civic-run KEM Hospital, where over 7,000 deliveries occur annually, over 11% of neonatal deaths in ICU in the last two years were caused by nosocomial, or hospital-acquired, infections (HAIs). In the paediatric age-group overall, 19% of deaths were due to HAIs. By the hospital's own admission, HAIs were among the top five causes of infant deaths in the period.The RTI query, filed by Delhi-based activist Rahul Verma of Uday Foundation, showed that 68 of the 586 neonates (a newborn child) who died in the neonatal ICU (NICU) in 2009 and 2010 died of HAIs. And in the paediatric ICU (PICU), 205 of the 1,099 children who died in that period died of HAIs.\"Nosocomial infection at KEM Hospital seems a matter of concern when compared to public hospitals in Delhi, where infection rates are much lower,\" said Verma. For instance, in New Delhi's Chacha Nehru Bal Chikitsalaya, which is affiliated to the Maulana Azad Medical College, HAIs were responsible for 1.78% of 3,085 NICU and PICU deaths between 2009 and 2011. The National Neonatal Perinatal Database (NNPD) 2002-2003 had pegged the incidence of neonatal sepsis (a blood infection that occurs in an infant younger than 90 days old) in India at 30 per 1,000 live births. The incidence of death was 3% among babies delivered at the same centre and 39.7% among babies referred to from other centres.KEM's head of neonatology Dr Ruchi Nanavati said such statistics should be looked at in perspective as KEM mostly received critical patients from smaller centres. \"Despite all odds, we have a survival rate of over 90% among infants in our NICU. It is commendable, given the critical cases we treat.\"KEM's NICU treats close to 1,800 patients a year. Dr Nanavati said the minimum stay of neonates is 4-6 weeks, during which multiple interventions and examinations have to be carried out. \"Most of the time, underweight and premature babies born to high-risk mothers are referred to our hospital. Also, most babies admitted to KEM's NICU are highly immuno-compromised. In smaller babies, innate immunity is less. In addition, their organs, sometimes even the skin, are underdeveloped.\"Echoing concerns of infection control in public hospitals Dr Jayashree Mondkar, head of neonatology at Sion Hospital, said overcrowding, skewed doctor-patient ratio and similar factors contribute to a higher death percentage. The hospital's NICU treats over 3,000 newborns annually and has 10-11% HAI deaths. \"Lack of antenatal care largely contributes to the deaths,\" Dr Mondkar said.Experts say HAIs are indeed a concern, but standard infection rates are difficult to compute and compare as many hospitals, particularly in the private sector, are less transparent with the data. \"We don't have any laws on hospital infection in India. While practices are changing, people (hospital authorities) are still reserved about sharing data,\" said Dr Rohini Kelakar of the Hospital Infection Society. \"There are different types of HAIs, from surgical site infections to urinary tract infections, and the rates may vary from one hospital to another.\"Dr Nanavati said stringent infection control measures were already in place at public hospitals. \"Right from training doctors and nurses about basic hygiene issues to cutting down on the use of invasive devices to using minimally-invasive techniques, we are practicing it all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12226585", "title": "3 panels vie to hold Margao Shigmo parade", "text": "MARGAO: With three different committees being in place in Margao to celebrate the annual Shigmotsav in the state's commercial capital, the stage is set for a showdown between two power centres - one controlled by Margao MLA Digambar Kamat and the other headed by former Fatorda MLA Damodar 'Damu' Naik.Margao, for the past five years, has been witnessing two Shigmo celebrations organized by these two rival groups. Efforts in the past towards unification of the two groups had come to a nought as the two parties stood their ground.Consequently, the Kamat-led group would enjoy the state patronage and funds to organise the grand Shigmo parades, while BJP-affiliated panel headed by Naik would restrict themselves to holding Romtamell and Suvari vadan.As the tourism department has constituted a committee under the control of the chief officers of civic bodies to hold the official Shigmotsav parades this year, in view of the election code of conduct, the Margao municipal council's shigmotsav committee is headed by Vivek Parsekar, the municipal engineer. Speaking to TOI, Parsekar said that the MMC would go ahead with the organisation of the Shigmo parade in association with the state's tourism department. \"We have been sanctioned 12.5 lakh by the government to organise the event, and we have already made all the arrangements,\" Parsekar said.Director of tourism Swapnil Naik, however, set to rest all confusion. It's the MMC-committee that enjoys the official sanction to organise the Shigmotsav parade, he said. \"There are uniform instructions to all municipalities, and that is the committee headed by the chief officer should organise the Shigmo parade in the respective cities. Yes, we have received requests from one of the (politically affiliated) committees to allow them to hold the Shigmo parade in Margao. But, as of now, it is the one formed by the MMC which is the officially recognized committee,\" Naik said. He said that it was unlikely to effect any change now, as it was too late as \"a lot of work has already been done and expenditure incurred.\"The BJP-affiliated group is, however, hopeful that the tourism department would dissolve the MMC-committee to enable them to organise the Shigmo. \"The municipality is in no way connected to the Shigmo, traditionally. As the code of conduct has been withdrawn, I am sure the government will dissolve the MMC-committee. The state-funded Shigmo parade will be held by us,\" Damu Naik told TOI.Girish Chodankar of the Kamat-led group, when contacted, however, said, it would extend its support to the civic body to organise the Shigmo. \"We have decided to support and participate in the Shigmotsav to be organised by Margao municipal council this year. As the preparations of Madgao Shigmotsav is already underway by the MMC for the float parade on March 18, we have taken this decision,\" Chodankar said.The two groups, however, have appealed to their rival groups to unite under one banner. \"I appeal to all founder-members of the Margao shigmotsav committee to join us in the celebrations. We will accord the respect and honour due to them and accommodate all sections in our committee. A good government headed by an able chief minister is in place, let's unite and celebrate the people's festival ,\" Naik said. Chodankar, in a press note, has called upon the rival faction to \"merge\" their group with theirs as \"Madgao Shigmotsav Samiti is the only registered body in Margao which was formed in 1988.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12225986", "title": "Rally to spread awareness on glaucoma taken out", "text": "ALLAHABAD: An awareness rally on World Glaucoma Week was taken out in Civil Lines on Sunday to create awareness about glaucoma.Glaucoma is among the group of diseases which deactivates optic nerves. In the initial stages, no visible symptoms are detected and if care is not taken, then even the vision can be lost. One of the main reasons about the disease is increase in the internal pressure of the eyes.Therefore, it is important that people should be aware about this disease and timely consult an ophthalmologist for cure.Further, there is threat of glaucoma among people who have genetic history about the prevalent of this disease in their family or who are above 40 years of age.In addition, diabetics and people who have taken steroids are also likely to be affected by this disease. Further, people who have eye injury are likely to suffer from this disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230748", "title": "Reemma will continue acting", "text": "Actress Reemma, who has wowed audiences of Tamil, Telugu and Hindi films, is now married to Delhi-based entrepreneur Shiv Karan Singh.She tied the knot in a traditional Punjabi wedding in Delhi on Sunday. Reemma and Shiv have known each other for a year and they met through common friends. \"We used to hang out together in a group and once we got to know each other well, we decided to spend the rest of our lives together,\" she says.Reemma will now shift to Delhi, but will continue acting. \"I have two films up for release - Gangs of Wasseypur and a film by Rahul Dholakia. I have also got a couple of other offers and am reading scripts,\" she says.Will marriage affect the choice of her roles in films? \"Not really! I have always taken up roles I liked to do and had a good run as an actor. I will stick to doing such characters,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "more than 8,000 fans thronged the palace grounds for grammy award-winning french dj david guetta . a surprised guetta told the enthused crowd", "code": "12227719", "title": "Guetta high", "text": "More than 8,000 fans thronged the Palace Grounds for Grammy award-winning French DJ David Guetta . A surprised Guetta told the enthused crowd: '' I have never been to your country before. I didn't know so many people listened to my music here.''He played hits like 'Love Is Gone' , 'Sexy Bitch' , 'Where Them Girls At' , 'When Love Takes Over' , 'Turn Me On' , 'Without You' , and others. He was not alone; the crowd soon caught up with his tunes, both old and new, which was a pleasant surprise for Guetta, who promised the crowd that he would return.The fans, ecstatic to see their icon on stage, forgot the little problems they had with the arrangements, when the show started past 6.30pm. Binara Seneviranthe, a fan, said: '' The concert was fabulous. The only problem was that volume dropped around 7.30pm but he picked it up again. I am looking forward to more of Guetta in the future.''Earlier, the concert was scheduled to start at 8.30pm, but was rescheduled. The show started at 6.30pm and concluded at 8.15pm. '' I wish it was later in the evening. It is in darkness that such concerts come alive,'' said Aditi Ravi.There were some fans who had come all the way from Chennai and Mysore to attend the show. '' I really loved the show. I came from Chennai for this concert. I loved every bit of the concert and I wish it had lasted longer,'' said Payal Bhulani, one of Guetta's fans.Traffic began to clog well past 3pm on roads leading to the Palace Grounds. There was huge pileup all along the route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225290", "title": "Officials' goof up leaves NMC 7 crore in the red", "text": "NAGPUR: The cash-strapped Nagpur Municipal Corporation is in the red by another Rs7 crore, thanks to an oversight by its officials.In purchase of 240 buses of city bus service under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) they unnecessarily paid an amount of Rs 7 crore as VAT and Octroi despite an exemption given by the Central Government on them.The Central government had approved Rs 63.60 crore for purchase of 300 buses under JNNURM in February 2009. Of these, NMC procured 218 buses from Tata Motors and 22 from Ashok Leyland for a total of 240 between October and December 2009. The cost of each Tata Motors bus was Rs 20.35 lakh while it Rs 22.44 lakh for each Ashok Leyland bus.The central government had exempted these from paying 12.24% VAT and 2% Octroi. Still, officials of Traffic Department of NMC paid both the levies while purchasing the buses.The total amount comes to around Rs 7 crore. They just had not read the conditions of purchase properly. The matter came to fore when the NMC applied for funds from Central government. Government while refusing the demand of Rs 7 crore, asked NMC why VAT and Octroi were paid in spite of exemption.\"NMC has to complete all requirements of the scheme in order to get full funds. It has to install Intelligent Transportation System (ITS) on 240 buses for providing proper services to commuters and also ensure monitoring of buses. The cost of this project is estimated at Rs 6 crore. Thanks to the goof up, NMC is left with no funds,\" he said.Now, NMC officials are wondering whether they can get refund of VAT from state government. The Octroi funds (about Rs 98 lakh) may not be much of problem since they are with NMC itself.NMC has also not paid the entire amount for buses to Tata Motors. NMC may contact the company about VAT. NMC would incur a loss of about Rs 6 crore if it failed to get VAT refund. Already, more than two years have passed since buses were bought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227220", "title": "Myriad hues of spring come alive at fest", "text": "On the second day of the most awaited Spring Fest in Vatika, Sector 5, Panchkula, a large number of people gathered at the venue and appreciated the scenic beauty. The venue was decorated with beautiful flowers and people were spotted clicking pictures of the decorations and blooms. The entire ambience wore a cheerful look all throughout the day with people from all age groups and walks of life, enthusiastically participating in activities like dance competition and tattoo making.Appreciating the colourful blooms, Shayamli Bhatiya, a homemaker and resident of Sector 15, Chandigarh, said, \"It's a beautiful fest and I come here every year to enjoy with family. I love the cheerful ambience and flower decorations.\"Sharing similar sentiments, Preet Kaur, a resident of Sector 5, Panchkula, said, \"I have been coming here for a while now and really enjoy the hustle and bustle of this place. I love watching the cultural performances of different states and the huge variety of flowers.\"And for some it was their first visit. \"I have recently shifted to Chandigarh and a garden fest is a new thing for me. I love the open spaces and gardens here as you don't get to see all these things in big cities like Mumbai,\" said Radhika Avasthi, a homemaker and resident of Sector 5, Panchkula.\"My daughter is participating in a dance competition so I have come here to encourage her,\" said Ramesh Setthy, a resident of Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229865", "title": "I\u2019m Vidya\u2019s heroine: Parambrata Chatterjee", "text": "Parambrata Chatterjee, Balan's cohort in Kahaani gets talking about the film and moreSujoy Ghosh's Rana aka Satyaki Sinha of Kahaani recalls the way he landed the role. \"I was in Amsterdam with my girlfriend when I received a call from Mumbai. Before he could introduce himself as Sujoy Ghosh he showered the choicest expletives on me asking me to return to India and start shooting for his film.He had seen my work in Anjan Datta's Bong Connection and felt I was right for the role. From Amsterdam I was supposed to go to Paris and Rome with my girlfriend. Paris, I couldn't wriggle out of (She'd have killed me and then left me). But Rome, I cancelled and returned to India for Kahaani. That's my kahaani,\" says the young actor, admitting that he had to work hard on his Hindi for his first Bollywood project.Establishing a rapport with his co-star Vidya Balan, who he shares almost every single frame with was easier. \"It is a strange coincidence - Vidya and I did our first film together, Bhalo Theko. We hadn't met since then. But the minute we met on the sets of Kahaani, it was just like old times.Vidya is a big star but absolutely hassle free. She takes her work extremely seriously. But when she is off camera, she is a bundle of fun. I found her attitude refreshing. It was definitely a change from some of the temperamental Bengali actresses I've worked with.\"Happy with his star status in Kolkata, Parambrata doesn't crave for acceptance in Bollywood. Instead, he is currently concentrating on his next directorial venture. \"I am all set to direct another film which would probably star the Bengali superstar Prosenjeet,\" says Parambrata happily. But we surely would like to see more of the actor in Bollywood, won't we?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12226584", "title": "Embassy attack: Israeli NSA to meet Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after an Indian journalist was arrested for the terror attack on an Israeli diplomat, the national security adviser of Israel Yaakov Amidror will meet home minister P Chidambaram and his counterpart Shivshankar Menon.While sources said the meeting had been fixed some time in advance, Amidror is likely to discuss the progress in investigations into the attack. It is now believed that the New Delhi and Bangkok attacks were related. Syed Mohammed Kazmi, a journalist working with the Iranian news agency IRNA, was arrested for allegedly helping the attackers who had apparently come from Iran.However, Amidror's visit is expected to focus on bigger issues. Israeli PM Binyamin Netanyahu was in Washington DC last week for talks with US President Barack Obama regarding Iran's nuclear programme. Menon's conversation with Amidror is expected to touch on that visit as well. The two NSAs are expected to have regular contact with each other, given the close security and defence relationship between the two countries.In Washington last week, Amidror told a press conference about the possibility of Israel attacking Iran, \"Ultimately, the decision will be premised on Israel's security interests and on the premise the state was established to permit us to defend ourselves.\" Amidror warned there would be a high price for Iran's nuclear independence.The prospect of an Israeli attack on Iran will make things very difficult for India, particularly if the fire spreads through the Middle East. Following the attack on the Israeli diplomat, it's just become a lot worse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12227374", "title": "Special SSLC exam drive kicks up political storm", "text": "MYSORE: Some of the measures initiated in the district to improve the performance of SSLC students, who have performed poorly in tests, seem to have kicked up a political storm.District minister S A Ramdas is concentrating on poor performers to better the SSLC ranking of the district. Following the 2011 model when students, who had performed poorly in preparatory examinations, were taught for extra hours, which saw the pass percentage increase and subsequently led Mysore district to rank at 16, the minister has set the teachers and officials to work it out.After legislator Marithibbegowda, who represents South Teachers' constituency in the council, took objection to the number of tests the minister has specified to be held ahead of the SSLC examinations, social activist M Lakshmana on Sunday asked Ramdas to cancel the district-level preparatory exams scheduled from Monday. In case it is not cancelled, he will move the high court, he told the media.He has petitioned the department of women and child welfare to step in and stop the series of exams, which, he contended, is akin to subjecting the students to mental torture.The state-level preparatory exams ended on March 8 and the teachers need to review the answer scripts and advise the students their strengths and weaknesses. But, they don't have time since another exam is thrust upon them, Lakshmana of the Congress from the South Teachers' constituency said. This comes after MLC Marithibbegowda argued that the series of tests and extended hours of teaching has exposed the students to risks.Brushing aside Ramdas's assertion that such focused approach will help improve the pass percentage, the JD(S) MLC, who is seeking re-election in June, had said: \"There is no scientific basis for the minister's approach. He has not consulted experts and neither is he open about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "call me frivolous, but akhilesh yadav won because he cycled. here is what the up voter said last week in path-breaking election results", "code": "12225656", "title": "Lessons from bicycle diaries", "text": "Call me frivolous, but Akhilesh Yadav won because he cycled. Here is what the UP voter said last week in path-breaking election results: you can ft parachute in and ask for my votes. You have to walk the streets I walk on.To me, Akhilesh fs real achievement, greater than the electoral victory, is that he brought back the vibe of old school politics into the sharp-edged polity of the new India . and showed that it can still work. That one doesn ft need to raise caste and religion issues to win election; that one doesn ft need to be aggressive, hostile, and confrontational. That the most important things one needs to win elections is to seem accessible, sincere, and real. Akhilesh Yadav has brought back the footwork into Indian politics.The 38-year-old man travelled some 9,500 km on his bus and cycle to all corners of the state, talking to people and reflecting their concerns in his speeches. And he had not let the personal connect with voters, and the footwork, go out of fashion in the five years during which his party sat out of power.So there is learning in this election for all sides. \u0153 For Akhilesh: He has raised hopes tremendously, he needs to fulfill them now or there will be a quick backlash in 2014. He needs to not let lumpen elements in the ranks of the Samajwadi Party (who have shown up with ferocity in the past few days) tear off the promise and commitment of good governance he has brought.For Mayawati: She needs to get out of her airconditioned aloofness, get some humility and get under the sun, into the real Uttar Pradesh. She needs to become Kanshi Ram, her mentor who built the Dalit vote monolith literally from the doors of oppressed Dalits who suddenly found themselves with the keys of power.For Rahul: Politics cannot be done by parachuting in, and not to mistake the media fs hunger to write about him as real support. That, he still has to work for and earn. \u0153 For the BJP: Long seen as a gTeam B h or replica of the Congress Party, the BJP helped create the Mayawati empire through coalitions, and has lost an identity in the state. It needs to set aside the old fogeys and urgently create new leadership locally, absent since its heyday of the late '80s and early '90s. Here is an example of how disconnected Rahul Gandhi was with UP politics. He prodded the government into a Rs 5,000-something-crore package for weavers . mostly Muslims . with a promise to waive loans. But most Muslim weavers don ft take loans because of Shariah concerns, because it fs considered un-Islamic.When I raised the weavers f issue with Akhilesh as we travelled on his campaign bus, he went silent for half-aminute and then came up with something I have rarely heard in the heat of electoral politics: a new idea. gYou know, what we can do instead is that the government can develop a cooperative system, h Akhilesh said. gThe government helps weavers by buying back weavers f products and selling them, and retaining the benefit. Everyone would gain, that would be a good option. h So this is the biggest strength that Akhilesh Yadav brings with him . the promise of new ideas. And the majority to be able to execute them.But, here are some of the things he needs to do in the first year of his governance: \u0153 Less than 1% of the budget is spent on monitoring how the other 99% was spent. Set aside 10% of budgets for a monitoring divisions employing MBAs, placing data and pictures online every month and reporting to the Lokayukta. \u0153 Empower and participate with citizens. Use technology . internet or SMS. to enable people to register and track complaints on governance. Or a portal where citizens can upload pictures related to poor governance. \u0153 Revise agriculture extension programmes, erase middlemen in the sale of crops.Neelesh Misra is an independent journalist and writerUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12226431", "title": "Committee on excess fee to submit report in 30 days", "text": "COIMBATORE: A five-member committee, constituted by collector M Karunagaran with the chief education officer (CEO) as the head, will submit a report on excess fee collected by different private schools in the district within 30 days.Committee comprises representatives of both parents and school managements. Addressing a joint meeting of school managements and parents' associations, Karunagaran told both sides to take up their concerns with the committee, instead of holding protests. He also promised to take swift action based on the report of the committee.R Manimohan, president of Students' Welfare Association of Parents (SWAP), told the meeting that schools continue to collect excess fee in violation of the amount fixed by Private Schools Fee Determination Committee. Meanwhile, R Visalakshi, president of private school associations of Coimbatore, said the government had allowed the schools to charge extra fees for the extra facilities and extra curricular activities provided by them.\"Many parents misunderstand that the fee fixed by the government appointed committee is inclusive of extra facilities and activities provided by the management. Parents should not conduct any demonstrations or protests before the schools. They should raise it in a committee which will have members of both parents and school managements,\" she said.Karunagaran said, \"Collecting fee in the name of donation also is banned. If anyone had any complaints about the fees collected by the schools, they can approach the committee.\" A senior official, present at the meeting, said we had received complaints about many of the city schools. He expressed hope that the committee would come out with a solution in another 30 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230800", "title": "Dammu's on song!", "text": "The much-awaited NTR Jr-Trisha-Karthika starrer Dammu is all set for next month's release.Producer Vallabh says that the film has been completed, except for two songs. He says that he is planning to release the audio on Telugu New Year (Ugadi), March 23, and the film will be released on April 19.Boyapati Seenu is directing this film and Keeravani is scoring music for the same. The producer informs that Keeravani has inserted a sloka, especially for the fans. NTR Jr has a new avatar in this film.This film has also generated a lot of interest with Kollywood fans as it sees two heroines, Trisha, the reigning diva, and Karthika, an actress from Gen Y, come together for the first time on screen. Additionally, Abhinaya, of Nadodigal fame, is part of the film too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12231274", "title": "Karnataka assembly porn scandal: Katju wants charges against mediapersons dropped", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defending journalists who reported the porngate scandal, Press Council chairman Justice Markandey Katju on Monday wrote to the Karnataka Assembly Speaker urging him that proceedings initiated against media persons be dropped.\"Some MLAs of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly were filmed watching porn in the Assembly. Instead of commending the mediapersons for their professionalism, proceedings have been started against them,\" he said.In his letter to Speaker K G Bopaiah , he requested him to reconsider his decision and withdraw the proceedings against mediapersons, and instead \"take strong action against the MLAs who have brought disgrace to the House\".Katju said that he felt that such proceedings against mediapersons jeopardise the freedom of the media guaranteed as a fundamental right by the Constitution of India, and seek to create an impression that it is the media which has brought the House into disrepute rather than the MLAs involved.He said the Inquiry Committee set up by the Karnataka Assembly in the matter should seek details of this \"sordid affair,\" though from the questions they had asked it seemed they were treating journalists like those accused in an offence.\"In my respectful opinion the inquiry committee can certainly ask mediapersons concerned questions to ascertain correct facts about this sordid affair. But from what I could gather, the question being asked give the impression that the mediapersons are being treated as an accused of some offence, and are being grilled accordingly,\" Katju noted.He said as people are the masters and the legislators only their representatives, the public has the right to be informed of the activities of the legislators.\"And the media is an agency of the people to give them this information. Hence I do not see what wrong the media has done by telecasting the watching of porn by the MLAs in the House.\"To my mind the media were only doing their duty to the people of informing them of the shameful manner in which some of their representatives were behaving,\" Katju said.He said all proceedings in a Assembly must be freely telecast and reported so that the people, who are the supreme authority in a democracy, know how their representatives are behaving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12232664", "title": "Birthday wishes pour in for Shreya", "text": "The music industry, all over the country, is in a joyous mood today as Shreya Ghoshal turns 28 today. The National award winning singer began her day on a delicious note with a lovely cake for breakfast wishing her the best, from loved ones.In a bid to share her joy with fans, she also posted a picture of that cake on a microblogging site. From Ehsaan Noorani , Sunidhi Chauhan and Salim Merchant to Sonam Kapoor and Chetan Bhagat, everybody has been wishing love and blessings to the birthday girl since early morning on her blog. While Karan Johar posted on her blog, \"Happy birthday @shreyaghoshal!!!! You truly are the most gifted voice!!! More power to you....\", composer Vishal Dadlani had a more fun-filled birthday message for her. He wrote, \"Adarniya @shreyaghoshal ji, aapko is shubh avsar par laakhon badhaaiyyaan. Ab aapke umra ka lihaaz karte hue adar se hi baat karni hogi!(sic)\"Significantly, Shreya shares her birthday with another singer, Atif Aslam . And Shreya did make it a point to wish fellow birthday boy on his special day. She wrote, \"Happy bday Atif aslam:) loads n loads of love to you.\" Well, it surely is a rather musical day today, isn't it?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12226626", "title": "Kerala State Electricity Board 's scheme to collect arrears", "text": "KOCHI: Kochiites who have pending bills to settle with the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) can now pay through a one-time settlement scheme. The scheme also provides discounts in the interest rate of the dues for consumers.V Keshavadas, deputy chief engineer, said that high tension (HT), extra high tension (EHT) and low tension (LT) consumers can settle their arrears using this scheme till March 31.\"Consumers with arrears for the last three years can use this new facility. To avail of this scheme LT consumers need to file a request to the KSEB section officers concerned while the HT and EHT consumers should send a request to the KSEB special revenue officer,\" he said.As per the scheme, LT, HT and EHT consumers will be given a discount of 5% on the penal interest. Government departments and industrial units which have been shut down will get a discount of 3% of the interest amount.The scheme is part of an order issued by the board to recollect arrears of Rs 1,200 crore. According to KSEB officials, there are many consumers whose service connections were dismantled due to the long-pending arrears. Though the authorities had initiated revenue recovery procedures against these consumers, the board was not able to collect the amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12233907", "title": "Abhimanyu Singh will be great as Chhedi: Sonu Sood", "text": "Currently shooting for his next Telugu flick with Allu Arjun, actor Sonu Sood says he is looking forward to seeing actor Abhimanyu Singh reprise his role of Chhedi Singh in the Telugu remake of \"Dabangg\" titled \" Gabbar Singh\", with Pawan Kalyan playing Salman's character.\"It's a very special role to me (the part of Chhedi Singh). Now that Abhimanyu is playing my character, I'm eagerly awaiting to see the flick. I think Abhimanyu will do a great job playing Chhedi Singh,\" said the actor. The actor is also not part of \"Dabangg 2\" directed by Arbaaz.\"I played Chhedi Singh in Hindi and Tamil. I was pivotal in getting the producers the rights to the Telugu remake, but opted out of the film as I couldn't play the same character the third time. As far as \"Dabangg 2\" is concerned, I feel Prakash Raj will do a fabulous job. We have worked together earlier and share a great rapport. And contrary to reports it was not my insecurity that made me walk out. Salman and Arbaaz know that,\" he said before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12233112", "title": "Three BSP MLAs extend support to Congress in Uttarakhand", "text": "DEHRADUN: Three BSP MLAs in Uttarakhand- Sarvat Kareem Ansari(Manglore), Haridass(Jhabreda) and Surednra Rakesh(Bhagwanpur) on Sunday extended their unconditional support to the 32-member Congress party that has already reached a majority mark of 36 with the support of three Independent MLAs and a lone UKD(P) MLA in a 70-member Assembly.With BSP support to Congress, the latter has now reached the number of 39 MLAs in Uttarakhand Assembly.BSP state chief Surajmal told reporters in Dehradun that these three BSP MLAs decided to extend their unflinching support to Congress at a meeting of senior BSP state office-bearers, including BSP legislators, held at Haridwar. Surajmal was also present in the meeting.Surajmal told reporters that the party extended its support to Congress-led government in Uttarakhand on a directive from BSP Supremo and former U.P. CM Mayawati on Saturday.A BSP source said Mayawati asked three newly elected BSP legislators to go ahead with supporting Congress party following a telephonic conversation between her and Congress MP from Haridwar Harish Rawat.Rawat is also Union Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs and Food processing.Congress state spokesperson Surendra Aggarwal told TOI that although Congress had already got majority with the support of three Independent MLAs and a lone MLA from UKD(P), Harish Rawat and other senior Congress leaders had been trying hard to rope in these three BSP MLAs too to seek their support to prevent any possibility of any future threat to their government.Assembly elections 2012Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12231130", "title": "Non-Congress states oppose Centre's anti-terror body at home ministry's meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Non-congress states have opposed formation of the NCTC, saying that it will infringe upon the duties of the state police forces.Representaties from Gujarat, Chhattisgarh and Bihar voiced their concern at the high-level meeting chaired by home secretary R K Singh in which state chief secretaries, home secretaries and police chiefs were present.Sources attending the meeting said that the states were opposing the formation of the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) on the ground that the role of state police would be minimised in counter-terror operations.They said the representatives of the states opposed the move, saying that the Intelligence Bureau was already performing the job and there was no need to give power of arrest as proposed in the new counter-terror unit.Chiefs of anti-terror units were also present at the meeting.Over a dozen chief ministers have opposed the creation of the NCTC, maintaining that it would hurt the federal structure of the country.Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik and Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalitha have asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to convene a meeting of chief ministers to discuss the issue.In the wake of strong protests by non-Congress chief ministers, the Centre has put on hold the operationalisation of the NCTC from March 1 and has decided to discuss the issue with the state governments.In a letter to 10 chief ministers, Home Minister P Chidambaram has assured them that the \"next steps\" on the NCTC would be taken only after the meeting of top officials of the states.The home ministry officials tried to allay the apprehensions of the states, which said empowering the NCTC with Section 43 (A) of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act would infringe on the states' powers. Section 43(A) of Act gives an officer power to arrest and search.Chidambaram, in his letter, had said the powers conferred under Section 43 (A) of the Act must be read with the duty under Section 43 (B) to produce the person or article without unnecessary delay before the nearest police station (which will be under the state government).He had also said the SHO of the police station will take further action in accordance with the provisions of the CrPC.Patnaik, who had spearheaded the protests on the ground that it would erode the states' powers, in his third letter on the NCTC to the Prime Minister, had opposed the meeting of officials.\"It is imperative that instead of a meeting chaired by the Union Home Secretary, an immediate meeting of chief ministers may be called by you to address the concerns of the states on this very urgent matter regarding the security of the nation,\" he had told the Prime Minister.Jayalalitha and Janata Dal-U, which rules Bihar, had also expressed similar sentiments.President favours setting up of NCTC: Notwithstanding opposition from non-Congress states, President Pratibha Patil has favoured setting up of the NCTC, saying it would improve India's capability to counter internal security threats as terrorist modules continue to be active in the country.Addressing the joint sitting of Parliament, Patil said the July 13, 2011 bomb blasts in Mumbai and September 7, 2011 explosion in Delhi were a grim reminder that terrorist modules continue to be active in the country.\"In 2011, eighteen terrorist modules were neutralised. The National Intelligence Grid and the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) aim to improve India's capability to counter internal security threats,\" she said.The President's statement came even as over a dozen chief cinisters, including West Bengal Chief Minister and UPA ally Mamata Banerjee , Odisha's Naveen Patnaik, Bihar's Nitish Kumar and Tamil Nadu's J Jayalalitha, have opposed the creation of the NCTC on the ground that it would hurt the federal structure of the country and infringe into states' powers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12233619", "title": "Accept live-in relationships in society: Shanti Bhushan", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Batting for \"live-in relationships\", Team Anna member and former Union minister Shanti Bhushan has said people should accept it in the context of changing society rather than protest.\"Social values are changing fast and we should accept it (live-in relationships) rather to protest or go against these values,\" Bhushan, who was here to attend a function last evening, said.Referring to the Assembly polls' results in five states, he claimed that the Anna factor worked and proved its effect on the outcome of the elections.He also said the 2014 Lok Sabha election will be a \"setback\" for the Congress as it will \"not reform\" its policies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12232706", "title": "I will be shooting in Oxford: Suman", "text": "The director is looking forward to shooting with Konkona Sen Sharma and Rahul Bose in one of colleges in OxfordSuman Mukhopadhyay is almost through with the shooting of \"Kangal Malsat\". Come May, he will begin shooting for his adaption of \"Sesher Kabita\". While portions of the film will be shot in Kolkata and Shillong , a significant section will also be canned in Oxford.Says Suman, \"Konkona Sen Sharma and Rahul Bose will begin shooting the film. I suppose, this will be the first Bengali film to be shot in Oxford. Other Bengali movies have been shot in London but I am not sure if any Bengali film has gone to shoot in Oxford. I haven't yet decided on which college I will be shooting the movie in. I have had talks with some academicians in Oxford. Once I am through with the shooting of \"Kangal Malsat\", I will start working on this.This film is funded by the ministry of culture as part of the celebrations for the 150th birth anniversary of Tagore.\" Shooting for \"KM\" hasn't been an easy task. \"The demands of a film and a theatre are different. The task is even more challenging when it comes to a novel like \"KM\". I have added some new characters as well as done away with some others in the text. The cinematic reality is very different from the reality on stage. That's a big challenge that I am having to negotiate while shooting the film,\" Suman signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12226271", "title": "Delay in probe helped Italian ship erase data", "text": "CHENNAI: A three-week delay in the probe of the shooting deaths of two Indian fishermen by Italian marines aboard a merchant vessel allowed the culprits to erase evidence of the mid-sea attack on the unarmed victims.Officials of the Directorate-General of Shipping said though Mercantile Marine Department officials investigating the incident were informed that data stored in the vessel's voyage data recorder had been tampered with, they delayed the investigation to collect more evidence.A VDR is a ship's equivalent of an aircraft's black box and records various types of data including ship position and communications.The DGS officials said the MMD sleuths had not even gone through the ship's log books and records of the vessel's movement, internet use, communications or satellite and radar information on the vessel.Sources on board Enrica Lexie said the vessel's VDR data had been tampered with much before it berthed in Kochi and MMD was informed of this by Indian sailors on board the ship. Nineteen of the ship's 34 crew members are Indian sailors.MMD, Cochin radio experts analyzed the VDR data only on Tuesday. TOI had reported last week that VDR data had mysteriously gone missing from the vessel.A senior police officer investigating the case said the probe is being held up by the MMD report as the local police are not aware of the technical details of the vessel. \"They delayed the entire process,\" the officer said.Shipping and marine security expert Veeresh Mallik said the delay by the MMD, Cochin officials could have helped the culprits destroy crucial evidence. \"However,\" he said, \"the VDR data can still be retrieved with certain software if the equipment on board is not damaged or replaced.\"A highly placed DGS official in Mumbai said the data could be recovered either with the help of an expert agency or the VDR manufacturer itself. \"The data should have been secured by the MMD much earlier. The captain of the vessel should be prosecuted for destruction of evidence. The MMD will be asked to explain the delay,\" said the official.Manoj Joy, national coordinator of Sailors Helpline, said Indian laws had been used effectively in the investigation of merchant vessel MV Prabhu Daya, suspected to have been involved in a collision with a boat, leading to the death of three fishermen. \"But MMD delayed the process for three weeks in the case of the Italian vessel,\" he said.MMD, Cochin chief P John said the investigation had been delayed due to various reasons. \"The vessel crew initially refused to cooperate. We are close to completing the investigation now and will move court to interrogate the arrested marines,\" John said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bangalore/hubli", "code": "12227771", "title": "BJP gets B S Yeddyurappa to blow cold now", "text": "BANGALORE/HUBLI: The rebellion of B S Yeddyurappa fizzled out even before he could fire the first shot at his Hubli rally, thanks to BJP's Karnataka pointsman Dharmendra Pradhan's wise counsel to the former CM. All that Yeddyurappa said was he won't quit the party and would tour the state to strengthen it. Yes, there were no fireworks.Content that the rebellion had been doused, CM D V Sadananda Gowda and state BJP chief K S Eshwarappa skipped Yeddyurappa's Hubli rally, and Pradhan returned to New Delhi after his meeting with Yeddyurappa on Saturday. Gowda was busy with budget preparations in Bangalore.In his interactions with his followers at a Hubli hotel, Yeddyurappa, without taking the name of BJP general secretary H N Ananth Kumar , reportedly said leaders who knew Hindi and English were lobbying hard in New Delhi. \"I neither know English or Hindi, nor the art of lobbying. You're pressuring me to stage a comeback. But the party bosses, who had asked me to come clean before seeking any post, have no word of encouragement for me now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230323", "title": "Shillpi Sharma bags Madhur's 'Heroine'", "text": "Shillpi Sharma, who was last seen in Abbas Mustan's 'Thank You', has been signed for Madhur Bhandarkar's 'Heroine' co-starring lead actress Kareena Kapoor and Shahana Goswami.Shillpi, who has already shot a couple of scenes for the film, says, \"Madhur who's a family friend, approached me for the role. He was looking out for someone glamorous and was of the opinion that I was perfect.\" When quizzed about her role, the actor adds, \"I cannot reveal much as I'm bound by a contract but I have a pivotal role in the film.\" Shillpi, who has been hitting the gym regularly to get fitter for the character, reveals, \"Madhur wanted me to lose weight and look fit. So I have been training accordingly.\" Best of luck Shillpi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12227937", "title": "Spy caught talking to ISI agent", "text": "JAISALMER: A Haryana resident was recently nabbed by the district police here \"red hand\" while talking to an ISI agent in Pakistan over phone. The person had come to take a delivery under directions from a notorious person from Pakistan who was in Tihar jail under the National Security Act after he was caught in a big spying racket 10 years ago.Sources said an officer of an intelligence agency caught Paramjeet Kataria, a resident of Rewari in Haryana, talking to someone across the border in Pakistan from an STD booth. When the officer inquired about the person he was talking to, Kataria revealed that he currently stays in Delhi and had come here to take a delivery of money from one Ramjan alias Ramjania, son of Bhai Khan, a resident of Kishangarh area.Kataria also said he was told that Ramjania will meet him at a tea stall would give the money. He was directed by Munir Khan, an ISI agent, from Pakistan to take the money from Ramjania.He further said Munir Khan was in Tihar jail around three years ago after being caught in a spying case and after completing his sentence, he was sent to Pakistan in 2009. Sources said Munir Khan had met a friend of Kataria and it is through this friend Kataria had eastablished a link with Munir Khan.Sources said during interrogation, Kataria had also revealed that he had come to Jaisalmer earlier to meet Ramjania but by mistake went to another place. Later Munir Khan informed from Pakistan that Ramjania was resident of Kishangarh area and would meet him at a tea stall at Ramgarh. This time, he had come to Ramgarh and was waiting for Ramjania, but when he did not come, he had called up Munir Khan. It was when the officer caught him.The intelligence agency has doubts that Kataria is just a courier, who in greed of money has come to take the delivery.SP Mamta Vishnoi confirming about Kataria's arrest said it has not been revealed as to why he has come to Jaisalmer. She said intelligence and other agencies were interrogating him and would be sent to Jaipur for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227716", "title": "Tech edge", "text": "At a time when technology is changing the face of healthcare, researchers at Glasgow Caledonian University (GCU), Scotland, teamed up with Lifesapps (develops mobile products to save, protect and enhance life) to come up with a new first aid application that may go on to save lives.Jonathan Sykes, director of Glasgow Caledonian University's eMotionLab, a facility designed to allow researchers to examine emotional reaction to computer technology elaborates that the app is designed to help in medical emergencies, such as mishaps at home, car accidents or sudden illness. In fact, users can navigate quickly to the appropriate section and give medical treatment immediately.As far as using the product is concerned, it is designed specifically for the consumer market so that the layman can easily use it. \"Results showed that the tool, iCEaid, was intuitive and easy to use. It gives users the confidence to intervene in an emergency, potentially saving lives without years of first aid training,\" adds Sykes.A brainchild of former army chief medical officer, Andrew Mulford, the app costs \u00a35.99, which is a one-off fee. As to the market testing, Sykes says that the app has the support of Red Cross and St John's Ambulance. The software applies their training manual in an interactive, easy-to-use software application.Despite technology ruling our world, is there a risk of a let-down ? In such cases, what does the user do to handle the emergency in hand? Sykes explains that the app does not require access to the internet or a mobile network, so if there is no signal it doesn't matter.The only let-down could be running out of battery. \"iCEaid is also a training tool and has easyto-remember protocols based on Danger-Response-Shout-Airway-Breathing-Circulation (Drs ABC). We encourage our users to practise their skills with demo casualties and to test their knowledge with the app so that if they do run out of battery, they can still help,\" Sykes concludes.- Tirna Ray", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12227938", "title": "SP bastions want to shed goonda image", "text": "NOIDA: Even as the Samajwadi Party scion is about to take the reins of the Uttar Pradesh government amidst the opposition cries of increasing crime in the state, SP bastions in the city are attempting to shed the 'goonda' image that has festered for almost two decades. The desire to leave behind the past of violence and crime is especially apparent in the youth who explained that their future is intertwined with development.Sarfabad was in the news last year for being the epicentre of Mayawati's 'forced' land acquisition policy in Noida. But the village was also in the news frequently for a different reason. The Yadav dominated village is the birthplace and ancestral home of arguably western UP's biggest criminal don, DP Yadav. But like the Samajwadi Party, the villagers have disowned him and no longer wanted to be associated with the nexus between organized crime and politics. \"The district is still dominated by BSP. We are making a conscious effort to discard our goonda image,\" said Karan Yadav, a resident of Sarfabad.Residents said that for years their village had been typecast because of DP and they were trying to move away from their past. \"It's hard getting jobs. The future of the village and its residents is through development,\" said Dinesh, a resident of nearby Sorkha village.A similar situation can be seen in the urban villages of Basi and Garhi Chaukandi. According to residents, Akhilesh's drive to revive the party and move towards development, computers and the English language is essential to their needs. \"It's good that Akhilesh is being sworn in as CM. He has what it takes to change the way the state was functioning,\" said Hardik Choudhury, 18-year old resident of Basi village in Noida.While the youth believes that the SP's past image can be shed under Akhilesh's rule, the elders in the village remain sceptical. \"Some might be less keen than others to change the way they live their lives. It all depends on how the party handles its 'troublesome' workers,\" said Ram Yadav, DP Yadav's paternal uncle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229709", "title": "I don\u2019t believe in cheap publicity: Abhay Deol", "text": "Abhay Deol issues an ultimatum to Shanghai makers over cooked-up stories of his rivalry with EmraanAt a time when cooked-up stories of rivalries and link-ups have become the order of the day for promoting a film, Abhay Deol refuses to be a part of the bandwagon. The actor is reportedly unhappy with the stories of rivalry between him and co-actor Emraan Hashmi on the sets of Dibakar Bannerjee's Shanghai.And he has chosen to speak out rather than remain silent. Opening up to Mumbai Mirror, the actor said, \"I am at a loss for words and I don't know who is behind all this. I am inclined to believe that this is a marketing strategy to promote the film when there is no need to do it. When the story about my so-called rivalry with Emraan came out, I spoke to Dibakar who said that he is not aware of anything.I just want to say that these reports seem to disrespect me. If these things do not stop now, I intend to convey that instead of making up controversies, I will give them a real one: I am no longer a part of any marketing or promotional campaign for Shanghai. Either Dibakar or the producer will have to come forward and clear the air.\"Recently, there have been stories suggesting that Banerjee is partial towards Hashmi. The industry was buzzing with rumours of Deol playing spoil sport by insisting to redub and wanting to be a part of the promotional track. These marketing tactics have rattled the otherwise unflappable Deol.\"I don't believe in cheap publicity for any of my films. As an actor, if I want to correct my dubbing, it does not mean I'm insecure. The film should be given its due respect because it's a fantastic one,\" Deol said emphatically. Dibakar remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12226072", "title": "Cash, jewellery worth Rs 8 lakhs looted", "text": "KOLKATA: A gang of four robbers broke into a New Garia shop and looted cash and jewellery worth Rs 8lakh on Saturday night. The goons carried on with the operations after gagging a security guardand looting nearly Rs eight-lakh worth of ornaments and cash. The shop owner has lodged a police complaint. This robbery is the latest among the crimes that rocked the city's southeastern fringes this year.The shop is located within the New Garia Cooperative Society Complex that is home to nearly 500 people, several among them retired and elderly. The incident, While the Purba Jadavpur police termed as \"burglary\" by the Purba Jadavpur police, has left several questions in its wake the entire locality jittery. Piecing together the events, it appears that the four persons had entered this complex through an alley adjacent to a bank branch, said police. The bank has an ATM too which is manned round-the-clock. It seems the robbers had first targeted the guard, assaulted him and later gagged and tied him up. With the guard overpowered, the robbers then entered the market place.Amit Roy's jewellery shop is very unassuming and is positioned second in the row. The robbers reportedly broke the shutter and cleaned up whatever they could lay their hands on. According to the complaint lodged by Roycomplaint to police, the robbers have stolen nearly 150 gm of gold, 3 kg of silver and Rs 5,000 in cash. Valuables and cash worth Rs 8 lakh were reported to be missing.The New Garia Cooperative Society has private security facilities. The complex is manned round-the-clock. round the clock private security to man the entire complex.However, the market place, inside the complex, is unmanned. The market which overlooks the Srinagar Road provides easy access to the complex anytime of the day, said police. Earlier, entry was restricted through a grill-gate which is now left open even at night.\"A few months back, the shop owners had even refused to avail of the security facility for the complex. They were not ready to shell out the money required to beef up security. But till now it has deterred any major such incident,\" a local resident said.Investigators, however, have found several loose ends in the account provided by the bank ATM guard. \"He claims he was assaulted and then gagged. But police claim to have found no they didn't find anytrace of it. The guard is being questioned,\" an officer said. The officer also indicated that the robbers had a very specific tip-off. \"The targeted shop isn't big enough to draw attention. Also, it is shielded from the roadside. So the tip-off had to be specific. Moreover, over half of the 25-odd shops in the complex are closed,\" he added.The incident, however, has come as a shock to the residents, especially the elderly. \"There were some instances of burglaries at homes before but that was about four to five years back. Some strong security measures have stopped these. However, robberies of this scale never took place here,\" an elderly resident said.Rising crime in added areas this year.Jan 24 - Vidya Desai (40) was shot at in Kasba for resisting an attempt to snatch her mangalsutra.Jan 29 - Five armed robbers break into a couple's house in Kasba's Purbalok locality and looted jewelry and cash worth Rs 1.5 lakh. The gang reportedly beat up the couple after they tried to resist.Feb 11 - Gang of four robs a Kasba home. Assaults housewife and her minor child when they tried to resist.March 7 - A 39-year-old woman found strangulated at her Patuli home.March 10 - Am 18-year-old male found strangulated, the body dumped near Survey Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12227895", "title": "CBI quizzes Irfan, Dhruv\u2019s confidant", "text": "BHOPAL: Investigators on Sunday grilled Irfan - one of the sharpshooters who bumped off RTI activist Shehla Masood - and took him to the place where she was shot dead on August 16 last year to corroborate evidences. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) team also carried out a lie-detector test on Saba Faruqui, an accused in the murder case, CBI sources said.The CBI made Irfan to re-enact the sequence of his actions targeting the RTI activist. The investigators prepared a chart, mapping way the killers used for commission of crime and for escaping.In a related development, the CBI also grilled Arun Pandey - a close confidant of BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh, who is now in the thick of a storm in the case. Pandey was questioned for more than two hours. After emerging out of the CBI office, he told the CBI that he was not aware of what relations, the BJP MLA, Shehla and Zaheeda Pervez - the main accused-- in the crime, had. He reportedly told the investigators that Zaheeda did come to meet the MLA when he was the chairman of MP Tourism Corporation (MPTC) as she was a listed interior designer with MPTC.\"I am innocent. Truth will come to the fore after I go through polygraph test,\" the BJP MLA told TOI. \"Let the CBI do its job,\" he said.Cracking the murder mysteryCBI made Irfan to re- enact the sequence of his actions targeting the RTI activistInvestigators prepared a chart, mapping way the killers used for commission of crime and for escapingCBI also grilled Arun Pandey - a close confidant of BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan SinghPandey was questioned for more than two hours", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12227722", "title": "Rangarajapuram flyover to be up and buzzing by May end", "text": "CHENNAI: Corporation of Chennai appears to be on track to meeting its commitment to complete the Rangarajapuram flyover and a pedestrian subway below the elevated stretch by the end of May.Corporation officials said Southern Railway had only two weeks ago completed work on a key section of the flyover that it was responsible for. \"The stretch of the flyover over the railway track had to be constructed by the railways,\" a senior corporation engineer said. \"Now our side of the completion will be fast-tracked and will be completed in about three months.\"Plan for the 962-metre-long, Y-shaped flyover was first unveiled in 2008 after many requests to the civic body by residents who had reached the end of their tether over road congestion and constant traffic jams at a level crossing in the area. Work on the flyover began in 2009 and it was supposed to be completed in August 2011, but the deadline had to be extended thrice due to various delays. In September, a month after the first deadline, one part of the flyover was opened for one-way traffic from T Nagar to Rangarajapuram. Residents of Kodambakkam, especially from Station Border Road and surrounding areas such as Azeez Nagar, say they are looking forward to the completion of the flyover. \"It will streamline traffic and reduce congestion. But the corporation should make sure that it clears debris from the site, because it narrows the width of the road by half and makes it close to unusable when it rains,\" said T Pandian, who lives on Station Border Road.Motorists with four-wheelers have not been able to use a long stretch of Station Border Road for the past six months. Debris, mud and potholes have made driving and walking on these roads extremely dangerous. \"Officials say that the road relaying work will begin only after the flyover is complete. That is another reason we hope that the corporation completes the work as soon as possible,\" said D Govind, a social worker from Kodambakkam.Residents hope the pedestrian subway being built beneath the railway track is also completed by the time the flyover is ready. With the subway, pedestrians will take only a few minutes to get from West Mambalam to Kodambakkam. \"The subway is supposed to replace a railway crossing that was blocked for the flyover construction. Now with neither available, we have to take a long route to get to West Mambalam or T Nagar,\" said Brinda Ganesan, a resident of Azeez Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "12226960", "title": "Club pedals right, a services a bikes", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Encouraging Ludhianvis to start pushing the pedals, members of the Cycle for Health and Happiness Club set up a stall outside Gurdwara Guru Singh Sabha in Sarabha Nagar on Sunday.Members helped residents consider buying cycles, strike deals on concessional rates and also provided free servicing for anyone who brought their cycles. \"The main purpose of our setting up a stall was to motivate more people to use cycles in their daily lives. So we tied up with a local cycle dealer and set up a stall here,\" said Manni Panday, member of the club. He added that the idea was a hit and many people approached them for servicing their cycles and also answered queries of those looking for new cycles.\"We enjoy cycling and want more people to join us and help make the city free of pollution. However, none of it is possible without the effort of like-minded people and therefore all of us joined hands. We will organize many more activities in the city,\" said Mohit Ahuja, 15, who stays in Civil Lines.South Model Gram-resident Digvijay Singh said every Sunday we meet to cycle in Punjab Agricultural University (PAU).Devinder Nagi, who is president of the club, said they chose to put up the stall outside the gurdwara to impress upon residents that shifting to pedalling as a way to reduce pollution should be treated as a religious duty as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230085", "title": "Akon follows Poonam Pandey on Twitter?", "text": "After Paris Hilton, Poonam Pandey claims international pop star Akon is following her on Twitter.Moral watchdogs and feminists have blatantly criticized the bold girl but there seems to be none who can stop the wannabe model from achieving what she wants!Chitrangada Singh lashed Poonam Pandey's stripping acts on Twitter. She wrote,\"\"How do you compete with Poonam Pandey who is ready to strip for kabbadi matches? (sic)\"\".Poonam Pandey hit back at Chitrangada Singh saying that the woman who just had 700 followers now had 1300 thanks to her and she said that she pitied about people who bitch about her. But there is one problem here, it was a fake Chitrangada Singh account. The guy who faked the account even wrote that it was an official Chitrangada Singh Twitter account. The Desi Boys actor said that she was not on Twitter.One of the most controversial personalities of the showbiz world, Poonam Pandey has been criticized by some people, most women. Poonam Pandey claims has also been approached by a popular Android app company in the US to be a face of one of their hottest apps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12226577", "title": "Unregulated water sports puts damper on tourism, complain shack owners", "text": "PANAJI: Uncontrolled water sports activity along the Calangute-Baga shoreline is posing a danger to swimmers in the sea, inconveniencing tourists on the beach and in the shacks and is generally ruining tourism in the tourism hotspot of Goa.According to John Lobo, general secretary of the Shack Owners Welfare Society (SOWS), the tourism department has earmarked only one spot along Calangute-Baga for water sports. But water sports operators are crowding the beach at around seven spots. Also, further to a court order, the government has instructed water sports operators to erect a booth and follow the queue system for customers.In reality, it's a free-for-all at Calangute-Baga with agents of the water sports operators running after guests up to the main road and pursuing them to get commissions, alleges Lobo.But Lobo clarifies, \"I am not against water sports. In fact, water sports are necessary for tourism to flourish. But they should be regulated and guidelines should be enforced.\"Lobo, a long-time shack owner at Baga beach, admits that shack owners are also affected by the unregulated water sports activity. He claims that jet skis not only spew petroleum fuel into the sea, they also send petroleum fumes wafting into the shacks thus affecting diners there. But the main problem is that jet skis and other water sports operate in areas earmarked for swimming. The swimmers' bodies are coated with a film of petroleum fuel and jet skis have hit quite a few swimmers in the recent past. \"Almost no foreigner wants to swim at Baga. Foreigners are deserting Baga beach because of this problem,\" Lobo claims.Another problem is parasailing. At some places, the parachute brings the tourists back to the beach and the parachute itself falls in the sand. As the parachute flutters during the next lift-off, all the sand is sprayed on tourists sitting on beach beds all around.Lobo also alleges that water sports are supposed to stop before sunset but in reality, they goes on up to 7.30 in the evening.Lobo suggests that the government should have water sports activity about 200m from the shoreline, in a channel that runs parallel to the shore. Presently, jet skis are operating barely 5m from the shoreline, in swimming zones and posing great danger to swimmers.Jose Fernandes, a water sports operator at Baga conceded that there is scope for regulation of the activity. \"The queue system for availing of water sports has collapsed,\"he said. The workers involved in running water sports activities are migrants, and they do not pay heed to advice and there is total chaos, he added.So who is to blame? Fernandes refused to blame anyone, but said there is stiff competition among operators and that was causing the problems.\"Marine police and local police are collecting haftas from everyone, including the hawkers on the beach. I believe the hafta money is shared by all. I have complained to the tourism director at least 50 times but nothing is happening. The new chief minister talks of stopping corruption. He should know there is open corruption on the beaches,\" Lobo said.Lobo claims he has annoyed local police for raising his voice over the issue. \"They were instigating the water sports operators to file a complaint against my shack to finish off my business. But my friends in water sports refused because they blame the government for failing to enforce the rules,\" Lobo said.Tourism director Swapnil Naik denied things were so bad. Naik, however, said that the swimming and no-swimming zones keep on shifting depending on the tide and other factors. But lifeguards mark these on a daily basis. Naik also said that this year, the government has constituted associations of the water sports operators and that they are maintaining the queue system. However, the tourism department has re-constituted the old committee which will re-demarcate the full beach to segregate spots for swimming, for water sports and so on, Naik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227629", "title": "Let children choose their own destiny", "text": "When an Indian NGO that has largely worked behind the scenes, bolstering active field work with a relentless pursuit of policy changes, receives a nomination for the Nobel Peace Prize from three Norwegian parliamentarians , you would expect it to show off a little bit. But beyond sending out a spare press note and creating a website to record the commendations pouring in from across the world, it is business as usual at the headquarters of The Concerned for Working Children (CWC) near HAL airport. Co-founder Nandana Reddy colours up when you mention the possibility of the organization actually winning the prize, slightly recoiling from the idea - almost as if that much publicity and attention would be too much to handle. \"Just getting this nomination , and the fact that our work of three decades has been recognized at an international platform, that's more than enough,\" says the 50-something Reddy.Established in 1985 by Reddy and activist Damodar Acharya, CWC has been working to create a better environment for working children and increase their participation in shaping their own destiny . Its efforts to help develop a better legislative framework that would give working children adequate protection, equal rights and enable participation, has been recognized in the nomination speech by Norwegian parliamentarian Linda Hofstad Helleland.How It All BeganReddy and Acharya belonged to the trade union movement that gained momentum in the late 1970s, and were initially working with adult workers in the unorganized labour sector. The workforce included many kids below the age of 18 who demanded that their issues also be addressed, and CWC was born, marking the beginning of a long partnership with working children.\"One of the first outcomes of this collaboration was the National Draft Bill on Child Labour. It recommended long-term sustainable solutions for child workers that dealt with the root causes of the problem, in consultation with working children, to ensure that all their rights were upheld instead of knee-jerk reactions that harm children by pushing them into more 'invisible ' sectors where exploitation is more severe,\" explains Reddy. The Bill led to the present National Law on Child Labour; unfortunately, it ended up criminalizing child labour instead of regulating and protecting it.Reddy admits that it is often difficult to explain CWC's position on child labour to those unfamiliar with its work. She first asks people to make a distinction between 'work' and 'labour' . \"Work is enabling, it is a good ethic. It develops confidence and self-esteem . It is a healthy contributor to development . Labour is what you do for a living , an economic activity. In themselves , neither is bad, even in the context of children. It is when blanket decisions are made, nuances are lost, and we fail to protect children or create environments that are conducive for them to work in that labour becomes all bad,'' says Reddy.CWC's work is not all in the nebulous , low-key , low-returns field of policy and advocacy, which is often slow in showing results. It has an active field presence as well, in Bangalore and many rural and semi-urban areas of the state, and this is work that entails constantly engaging with working children, hearing their stories, removing them from exploitative situations, intermediating on their behalf with the local government and finding case-to-case solutions for each working child who faces a problem and is brought to their notice. They are often the go-to guys for other NGOs whose work brings them in contact with troubled working children and parents.CWC launched Toofan Programme in 1995 which encompassed the formation of sanghas, sabhas and Makkala Panchayats (children's councils).'' There is a South African saying that 'Until lions have their own historians , history will be written by hunters.' We need to enable children to write their own history and reshape society closer to their vision of a better world,'' says Reddy.Making A DifferenceTo help working children gain a voice, CWC facilitated the formation of a working children's union, the Bhima Sangha, in 1990. With 13,000 members in rural and urban Karnataka, the Bhima Sangha has been a powerful advocate of the rights of working children nationally and internationally. Members have travelled across the world and spoken at forums such as child labour conferences at Amsterdam and Oslo . It is one of the founding members of the International Movement of Working Children and is presently its Asian regional co-ordinator .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12226905", "title": "Once bitten, MC a twice shya", "text": "LUDHIANA: Even as stray dogs continue to roam untamed on city streets, the municipal corporation does not have a solid plan up its sleeve to contain the menace. Officials say they do not want to repeat the old mistakes, and hence, are carefully planning the nitty-gritty of re-allotting the tenders for sterilization project. Sources say MC is even considering the option of catching the stray dogs itself.But the residents are not too happy with the delay. It's been several months since the sterilization drive was put on hold after MC received complaints from residents regarding the private agency's working style.''We are working on project allotment and other related issues. Once that is done, the tenders will be allotted and work will begin. We don't want to repeat the past mistakes,'' said municipal commission M S Jaggi.''The project was stopped as the private agency undertaking it wasn't given identity cards by the MC. Therefore, residents used to resist their efforts,'' the sources said. ''This time, the civic body is exploring the possibility of catching the canines itself with the help of tranquilizer guns. But officials want to make sure that this is a authorized before launching the project,'' the sources added.But till nothing concrete is worked out, people continue to live under the shadow of stray dog menace. ''If the MC does not act swiftly, Ludhiana will turn into a city of stray dogs,'' said Sarabha Nagar resident Tajinder Kaur, who is a homemaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12229423", "title": "Budget session: PM says UPA has requisite numbers to tackle issues", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the government prepares to face the opposition in Parliament, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday exuded confidence that the UPA has \"all the numbers\" that are needed to tackle issues.\"I think pressure is part of parliamentary life. We are willing to discuss and debate all issues on the floor of Parliament,\" he said ahead of the start of the budget session.\"I am confident that we have all the numbers that are needed,\" the Prime Minister asserted.Singh appealed to all political parties to work together in the spirit of cooperation and meet the enormous challenges and opportunities that the country faces.The budget session portends a tough time for the government against the backdrop of reverses the Congress suffered at the assembly elections and the possibility of issues like federalism bringing unlikely forces together.The Congress heading the UPA may not be in a position to take even the allies for granted with a key coalition constituent Trinamool making it clear it was against a cut in fertiliser subsidy and rise in petroleum prices. Trinamool supremo Mamata Banerjee has also joined non-Congress chief ministers in opposing the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre(NCTC).With Congress under pressure in the wake of its debacle in the assembly polls, opposition leaders have hinted that the session would see floor coordination between allies of Congress, its supporting parties and the opposition on the issue of federalism. The Prime Minister and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi face an unenviable task in the three-month long session which will commence with President Pratibha Patil's customary address to the joint sitting of the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha.Budget 2012Rail Budget 2012Pre Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229864", "title": "Bhatts have no regrets of loosing Jacqueline in Raaz 3", "text": "The shooting of Vishesh Films Raaz 3 is in full swing.Though the film has Bipasha Basu in the lead, it may be known that Jacqueline Fernendez was to play a key role in the film too. A source said, \"Earlier it was Jacqueline Fernendez who was to share screen space with Bipasha Basu. All was well till Jacqueline opted out of the film.\"The Bhatts had no option but to sign a newcomer, Isha Gupta, for their horror flick. Mahesh Bhatt now has no regrets losing Jacqueline to Isha. Bhatt was heard saying, \"Isha has done a fabulous job. She has surpassed our expectations.\" Last heard that even Prakash Jha is keen to rope in Isha Gupta for his next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12225743", "title": "City photographer's European retrospective", "text": "AHMEDABAD: You have a rare chance to travel back in time and have glimpse of how Europe was during 1970s. On the occasion of the Francophonie Week and the completion of 30 years of the Alliance Francaise in Ahmedabad, it has organized a retrospective photo exhibition of well-known photographer Parmanand Dalwadi. The exhibition will be inaugurated by B V Doshi on March 13 at Amdavad ni Gufa.Photographs by Dalwadi are said to have the beauty and ability to stop time. Having worked with legends like Henri Cartier-Bresson and others, his pictures narrate a story.Chintan Pandya, cultural co-ordinator, Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad, says \"The celebration of the 30 years of Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad started with a talk on Baudelaire by Niranjan Bhagat, documentary and film festivals and so on. With this exhibition, we plan to celebrate the completion of 30 years in Ahmedabad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12225797", "title": "Four bikes worth 90,000 stolen", "text": "NASHIK: Four motorcycles worth Rs 90,000 were reported stolen on Saturday.# A Bajaj bike worth Rs 15,000 belonging to Rahul Bhandari was stolen around 1.30pm in Raviwar Peth on Tuesday. A complaint was lodged with the Sarkarwada police.# A Hero Honda motorcycle worth Rs 20,000 belonging to Dhananjay Dhanavate was stolen from the parking lot of Z P Stadium. A complaint was lodged with the Bhadrakali police.# A Hero Honda motorcycle worth Rs 30,000 belonging to Sachin Chavan was stolen in Chandrabhaga Nagar. A complaint was registered with the Adgaon police.# Another bike of the same make worth Rs 25,000 of Dnyaneshwar Ramdas Shinde was stolen at Nashik Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12227321", "title": "Stem-cell jab will help cut risk of organ rejection", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a stem cells injection to generating a modified immune system in patients undergoing kidney transplants, a breakthrough they say could have a \"major impact\" on transplant science.Early tests of the new injection given to a small number of patients in the US have been successful and researchers claimed it could remove the need for a lifetime of drugs which currently transplant patients take to suppress the immune system, the BBC News reported.The drugs come at a price, preventing organ rejection but increasing the risk of high blood pressure , diabetes and serious infection.But with the new method, published in the journal Science Translational Medicine, the researchers said patients would no longer need anti-rejection medication.Joseph Leventhal, at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, said, \"The preliminary results from this ongoing study are exciting and may have a major impact on organ transplantation in the future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12226298", "title": "20 more trades come under industrial ambit", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG), one of the richest corporations in the country, is set to get richer. By bringing around 20 more trades under the industrial category, it hopes to generate more revenue in the form trade licence.Most of these trades are the ones which were not considered profit-making when the Municipal Act was formulated in 1994. The ones prominent among them are call centres, gymnasiums, mobile telephone (repair) shops, computer training centre and coaching centres.\"The call centre phenomenon started in the late 1990s and therefore nobody thought of including them on the list of trades and there are many such occupations like it that we have now incorporated. The owners will have to pay us annual trade licence fee from now on and the charges will depend on their annual turnover,\" said an MCG official.\"The reason why we decided to bring these trades under the ambit of industrial category is that they have turned into profit-making businesses and have many employees working for them. And despite the fact that they are being run professionally and are earning huge profits, the corporation is not able to derive any monetary benefit from them. Even though trade licence fee is not a major source of revenue we are hopeful that our income will increase considerably with the inclusion of these new trades,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12226747", "title": "Bank auctions wrong house to recover loan", "text": "PATNA: Anita Singh, 47, and her husband Dwijendra Kumar have been chasing authorities since February 16. That day they came to know that their only house at Adarsh Colony in Muzaffarpur had been auctioned by Punjab National Bank (PNB) to recover a loan of Rs 5 lakh which their neighbour, Ajay Sharma, had taken from PNB's Bela branch in Muzaffarpur in 1999.Ajay of Jai Mata Di Fabrics went missing along with his family and the bank issued notices to the guarantors, including Aniruddh Prasad of East Champaran.In his reply, Prasad informed the bank that in November 2003 he sold his land in Ajay's neighbourhood to Kusum Devi in 1981 and that he never signed any document related to any loan to Ajay. According to documents available with TOI, Kusum sold the land in pieces to Poonam Jha, Ram Bahadur Thakur and Anita Singh in 1997. While the Singhs and Thakurs constructed houses, Jha sold her land to one Radha Rani in 2004.All this could have been known had the PNB, in response to Prasad's reply, bothered to check the land records in the Musahari circle office. Instead, the PNB moved the Debts Recovery Tribunal where it submitted the allegedly fake land documents on the basis of which the DRT, in August 2007, passed the decree in favour of PNB. Armed with the decree, the PNB auctioned Ajay's house as well as the three adjacent plots for Rs 47 lakh on February 15. Anita has since visited the bank's branch, regional and circle offices in Muzaffarpur. She got the advice to meet Saba Ahmad, PNB's official at its Rajapul branch in Patna.Her husband went to Ahmad who redirected him to visit DRT. DRT officials refused to acknowledge the Singhs as a \"party\" and they were asked to hire a lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12227114", "title": "Election punch over, hoardings line up again", "text": "LUDHIANA: Elections are gone and so are the pruning eyes of MC authorities against political and religious hoardings. Till the polls were not over, authorities were keeping strict vigil on the hoardings in city in wake of strict directions from the election commission. Now, MC officials have again turned a blind eye towards this menace.City roads are filled with hoardings installed by the supporters of political leaders who have won MLA elections recently. Apart from this, religious hoardings installed by several religious organizations are still put up even when Holi celebrations have come to an end.Residents claim officials work only under pressure, otherwise they do not even care to remove these hoardings that are an eyesore and give a shabby look. ''During election days, there was not even a single hoarding installed on city roads simply because the election commission was keeping a check on MC officials. But now, when there is no check, the situation is again the same,'' said Kunal Aggarwal, a businessman and resident of Civil Lines. Echoing the same, a student and resident of Haibowal, Arun Gupta said, ''Now when elections are over, why these supporters are creating visual pollution in the city? MC authorities did not form strict rules for keeping a check over the illegal hoardings defacing the city.''MC commissioner M S Jaggi said, ''We are keeping a check over the illegal hoardings but these days our staff is busy in water, sewerage and house tax recoveries, so there might be some laxity in removing them. But I would look into the matter and very soon, these hoardings would be removed.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12231640", "title": "SC notice on favours to Jaganmohan's firms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued notice on 26 government orders issued during the tenure of late Andhra Pradesh chief minister YS Rajashekara Reddy to allegedly favour the business interests of his son, YS Jaganmohan Reddy , due to which he and others had amassed disproportionate assets.The notice was issued to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), six Andhra Pradesh ministers and eleven IAS officers serving in the state at the time.An apex court bench headed by Justice Dalveer Bhandari issued notice on a petition by Nellore-based advocate Sudhakar Reddy seeking a probe into the government orders favouring Jaganmohan Reddy, a Lok Sabha MP.The petitione has challenged a Andhra Pradesh high court order rejecting a probe. A special CBI court in Hyderabad had also rejected the plea.Sudhakar Reddy contended that the investigation into the disproportionate assets could not be confined to Jaganmohan Reddy, but should also include the role of the ministers and bureaucrats in facilitating his business dealings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12226780", "title": "Kidnapped boy rescued", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Vanasthalipuram police rescued the kidnapped 13-year-old G Manikanta and arrested three of his abductors, including a B Tech student, from Miryalguda on Sunday.G Manikanta, a Class VII student from NGOs Colony in Vanasthalipuram, was kidnapped by the trio when he left home to watch a movie on Saturday. According to the police, the kidnappers pulled the boy into their car when he was walking on the road. After kidnapping him, they made ransom calls to his father, Ramesh, a scrap merchant, asking for Rs 1 lakh. Police teams immediately swung into action and after analysing the call details, zeroed in on the hideout of the accused in Miryalguda and rescued the boy. Drug bust at RGIA, duo arrestedCustoms officials arrested two persons, including a woman, at Shamshabad's RGI Airport on Saturday night as they were trying to smuggle two kilos of psychotropic substance ketamine, worth Rs 40 lakh, to Thailand . Customs officials arrested Pattani, 33, of Tamil Nadu's Keeranur and Varalakshmi, 42, of Chittoor district's Narayanavanam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12226984", "title": "Megalithic burial site, also a place of worship, unearthed", "text": "PUNE: Researchers from the city-based Deccan College Post-Graduate and Research Institute recently unearthed four megalithic burials at Hirapur in Chandrapur district, which, the researchers say, were used for more than just burying the dead.Material evidences unearthed at the excavation sites testify that these burials or 'megaliths', dating between the 3rd and the 2nd century BC, were also worshipped by the local rural communities, and guarded with Laterite protection walls. Archaeologists said this is perhaps the first time that a megalithic structure has been found to have been worshipped. Archaeologists said the megaliths might have been erected and protected during the Asmaka Janapada or in the Satavahana periods.Archaeologists have termed the four non-sepulchral megaliths as unique burial-cum-temple architectural structures, discovered for the first time in the South Asian megalithic culture.The excavation was carried out under the supervision of Kantikumar A Pawar, assistant professor at the Deccan College Post-Graduate and Research Institute, Pune. Ismail Kellelu, Ganesh Halkare, Amod Gaurkar, Kim Yongjun and Akash Srinivas were also part of the research team.\"One of the four megaliths is intact. In fact, it is huge and is perhaps the largest in India. It was made of laterite and sandstone. The height of the dolmens' standing stones is about 10 ft, whereas the covering capstone is 17 by 15 ft (length) in size and weighs 80 tons. The structure has two separate chambers with big rectangular portholes (usually small circular window) designed for offering food to the dead as well as for worshipping them,\" said Pawar.According to archaeologists, since megalithic people believed in life after death, there have been evidences of materials offered to appease the dead. \"We have also found glass bangles, a copper bangle, stone Celt and various potsherds (fragment of broken pottery) from the site. The second and third megaliths found were quite small, yielding only a few potsherds, some iron ore and its residue, which suggested that the nearby area could be used for iron smelting purposes. This is interesting because megalithic burials have never before yielded iron ore,\" said Pawar.The fourth megalith had a unique architectural pattern. \"This single-chambered structure was probably disturbed by human activities, evident by its missing cap-stone. The chamber itself is floored by seven properly dressed laterite blocks, which are placed in the east-west direction. In the west corner of this chamber, above the dressed stone block, a huge ceramic assemblage was placed. Similarly, in the eastern corner, close to the northern standing stone, one punch marked coin, having the 'Three-arch hill' symbol was placed. This shows some sort of royal treatment conferred upon the dead buried inside the chamber,\" he said.Pawar added that the arrangement goes on to show that the location of all the burials could have been the result of meticulous planning and deep devotion for the dead. \"Adjoining this burial is a huge, enclosing linear laterite structure, 11 metres in length towards the northern direction. It then turns west and again towards south, serving the purpose of a protection wall, which is first of its kind evidence available anywhere in Indian sub-continent,\" he added.Though the excavated site falls under the jurisdiction of the forest department, a major portion of it is inhabited by villagers.\"And yet, this place is used as a cremating ground by the villagers. This shows a continuation in the tradition of parting with the dead bodies at the same place. In addition, this is perhaps the first site in the region which was not only used for burying the dead, but was also used as a place of worship,\" said Pawar.He said given the site's rich archaeological and cultural nuances, the urgency to preserve it cannot be discounted. \"In fact, one of the double-chambered megaliths found is still worshipped by a tribal community after they harvest their fields,\" he said. Other necessary details would come out only after the remaining excavation of this site. \"Also, Carbon-14 dating would also be done to assign an exact date to this site,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nalgonda", "code": "12226614", "title": "Ryots cry foul over water project delay", "text": "NALGONDA: The tardy pace of work for the major irrigation project Srisailam Left Bank Canal (SLBC) tunnel scheme in Nalgonda district has become a cause of concern for farmers in the area.The project, which was announced during NT Rama Rao's time, could not take off despite funds having been sanctioned in 2005 by the late YS Rajasekhara Reddy.\"First, it was budget. Now, the contractors are citing technical problems. This project seems to be a distant dream for us,\" rued S Govind Reddy, a farmer.The project is aimed towards providing irrigation water to three lakh acres in drought-prone areas like Devarakonda and Munugodu in Nalgonda and was taken up, after a significant delay, at a cost of Rs 1,925 crore by the Jai Prakash company in 2005.But even after all this while, the project is far from ready and the company has recently been given an extension till December 2014 to complete the contract. Sources said that work on the tunnel was moving at a snail's pace.The length of Tunnel-I is 44 km from Srisailam to Mannevaripalli while Tunnel-II is 7.25 km long. Although excavation work between Teldevarapalli and Nerdugummapalli, the extent of Tunnel-II, is over, lining work is still pending and is said to have not progressed beyond 200 metres.Tunnel-I, which forms the first component of the prestigious SLBC scheme, has a diameter of 9.2 metres and, when completed, will be the world's longest end-to-end tunnel. The gigantic tunnel boring machine, imported from the US, has two openings. \"We have told the contractors to complete the work within the stipulated time. But at present, it is the tunnel boring machine which is holding up work as it is in need of repairs,\" project superintendent engineer Sriram Reddy told TOI.Another cause of worry is the official apathy in calling for tenders on Nakkalagandi project, the associate reservoir near Dindi.Although administrative sanction has been accorded, there is no word on the tenders. The operability of SLBC hinges on this project.\"Even if the tunnel were to be completed, without this reservoir, Nalgonda would be where it was in terms of the water problem,\" Eleti Chandra, a native, said.SLBC scheme is aimed towards providing irrigation water to three lakh acres in areas prone to drought like Devarakonda and Munugodu in Nalgonda and was taken up, after a significant delay, at a cost of Rs 1,925 crore by the Jai Prakash company in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12226333", "title": "Parents should help kids be creative in simple ways: Expert", "text": "COIMBATORE:Parents can help children enhance their creativity in simple ways, says Miriam Haenen, educationist from Holland , who is here for a training programme at Yellow Train Kindergarten, Sivananda Colony.\"Waldorf educational system discourages the use of computers and television. Parents should avoid buying toys for children and instead make dolls or puppets with materials available with them. A piece of cloth is all that is needed to make a rabbit or a baby. This helps in nurturing the creativity of children, encouraging them to participate in such activities,\" says Haenen.Santhiya Vikram who runs the kindergarten says it is a good method to discipline children. \"We have showcased a cradle model in one of our classrooms. We teach kids how to sing rhymes,\" she adds. The games help in garnering interest in children to learn.Haenen clarifies that keeping away from sophisticated devices does not mean that one should go back to ancient times. \"Inventions and discoveries cannot be left behind. What we want is to encourage children to come up with their own innovations at an early age so that they can get a head start in creativity,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12231483", "title": "Vir Das starrer Sooper Se Ooper goes on floors", "text": "On monday morning the mahurat shot of Reliance Entertainments and Jigsaw Entertainments Sooper Se Ooper took place at a suburban studio in Mumbai.The cast and the crew performed a small pooja on the sets before the camera was rolled. Director Shekhar Ghosh and actors Vir Das, Kirti Kulhari, Veejay Yudhiishtir were present along with Sonu Nigam who will be giving the music for Sooper Se Ooper!On the first say itself standup comic and the lead actor Vir Das entertained the crew members and we saw most of them laughing and getting entertained by his famous impromptu jokes. Going by the mood on the first day it was clear that Sooper Se Ooper started on the right note!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12226560", "title": "Couple attempts suicide, girl survives", "text": "TRICHY: Police found the bodies of a young couple who attempted suicide in the local tank near Thuvarankurichi bus stand on Sunday morning. While Bharat (24), an engineering diploma holder was declared brought dead, Priya (20) survived the joint suicide pact and has been admitted to Manapparai government hospital where her condition is stated to be stable.Thurvarankurichi police said the couple originally hailed from Melur in Madurai and lived in neighbouring houses in Manalmettupatti. They belonged to the same Muthuraja caste but owing to parental opposition to their relationship, they had elope about 10 days ago.Police suspect that they then clandestinely got married. However, they are unsure what triggered them to take the drastic step. Doctors told the police that the couple had mixed some deadly pesticide (locally known as 'kurunai') with idlis before swallowing them.\"The investigation would be conducted only after the girl recovers completely,\" said a woman police attached to the Thuvarankurichi police. Meanwhile, the body of the boy was handed over to his parents following the postmortem that was conducted on Sunday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12226728", "title": "Unveiling the past", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city's very own 'City Museum' was inaugurated on Sunday. Situated quite aptly in the heart of city, Purani Haveli in the Old City, the museum promises a peek into the making of Hyderabad through various artifacts, photographs and old maps.Speaking at a press conference in Public Gardens, experts behind the venture informed that the museum focuses on the historical development of the city from its inception to the present day and also the people of the city and their works, achievements and spirit.Former prince Muffakham Jah, chairman of the Nizam's Jubilee Pavilion Trust which established the museum said, \"This is an extension of the Nizam Museum on the same premises which was opened in 2000. The research and groundwork for this venture took two years to complete and involved contributions from many historians. The museum showcases evidence that humans inhabited the city nearly 4000 years ago and also displays various achievements of the people over the years.\" He further added, \"One can find the answers to many intriguing questions about the city in this museum. I hope it will generate the interest of both residents and tourists.\"Among the exhibits at the museum are Neolithic pots discovered at Patancheru. Two of the main attractions in the museum are the seven specifically designed maps tracing Hyderabad's journey from the 13th century to the present day and the touch screen kiosk that will reveal a pictorial history of the city's 50 mohallahs in four languages; English, Hindi, Telugu and Urdu. The purchase of one ticket will permit entry to the Nizam Museum, the City Museum as well as a glimpse into the gigantic wardrobe of the sixth Nizam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229818", "title": "Shashi exploiting Shotgun?", "text": "Is it a case of commerce coming in the way of a long-standing friendship? We're talking about the fallout between Shatrughan Sinha and Shashi Ranjan over Ranjan's alleged use of Sinha's name to promote his acting academy sans the veteran actor's consent.Apparently, Ranjan has been using Sinha's photographs in advertisements to promote the academy he started recently. While Sinha is away in Singapore , his business manager Pavan Kumar told Mirror, \"He is not happy with the way Shashi has used his name for a business venture, without taking him into confidence. Shashi should've come clean.\"Sinha and Ranjan met around 25 years ago. Sinha anchored The Shotgun Show directed by Ranjan. Sources close to Sinha say that Ranjan has been taking him for granted for quite some time now.\"I called and informed Shashi that Mr Sinha did not like it that his name should be associated with the academy. Ranjan gave excuses that he was not aware of it and that his office had put out the advertisement in his absence and that he would not repeat it. But he went ahead and promoted his academy nationwide with Mr Sinha's name, which is unpardonable,\" Pavan Kumar told Mirror.According to Kumar, despite Ranjan's 'opportunistic' behaviour, Sinha has been attending Ranjan's events. Indeed, the duo visited Islamabad a couple of years ago to attend the birthday of Zain Zia, daughter of late Pakistan President, General Zia Ul Haq.When contacted, Ranjan insisted he had taken Sinha's permission before using his name. \"Shatru was to open the Noida school. The last time when Punam Sinha asked me not to use his photograph, I told her and Pavanji that Shatruji had consented.Pavanji had even suggested that a letter would be signed. So, I have not taken him for granted. But if after knowing him so closely for so many years, taking his word for granted means taking him for granted, then yes, I did so.\" Ranjan added, \"Since Shatruji has chosen the press to communicate his displeasure, I would like to confirm that I have no intention to use or misuse his name in the future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12227783", "title": "Man held for sexually assaulting a buffalo calf", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old man was arrested in Neelankarai early on Sunday on charges of sexually assaulting a buffalo calf. The police said Srinivasan, who had come to the city from southern Tamil Nadu a few years ago, was drunk when he abused the fivemonth-old calf.Srinivasan worked in a grocery shop in the locality and was on his way home when the incident took place, a police officer said. \"A resident of Venkateswara Nagar in Kottivakkam, S Mahabarath, who witnessed the incident, informed Blue Cross,\" he said.Blue Cross general manager Dawn Williams said the man was partially undressed when they caught him. \"We handed him over to the Neelankarai police.\" The calf has been sent to Government Veterinary College and Hospital for medical examination, Williams said.The man has been remanded in judicial custody. \"When we interrogated him, he said that he was drunk and did not do it intentionally,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "pedabayalu (visakhapatnam)", "code": "12226601", "title": "One drowns as boat capsizes", "text": "PEDABAYALU (VISAKHAPATNAM): A man drowned while three others are untraceable after a country boat they were travelling in capsized in a reservoir in Visakhapatnam district's Pedabayalu mandal on Sunday evening.While the villagers have retrieved the body of the drowned person, search is on for the missing victims. Thirty tribals were on the boat at the time of the mishap which occurred in the Matsyagedda reservoir.The tribals, who were in an inebriated condition, were going across into Odisha for a gambling trip. Sources said that the boat capsized half-a-kilometre into water. The deceased has been identified as Kumudu Narsimha Naidu of Gondeli in Paderu mandal. Efforts were on to trace the three missing victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12227914", "title": "Students feel the heat as Rajasthan University changes exam centres", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan University continues to make last minute changes at examination centres, causing lot of inconveniences to students. This year, a total of 9 lakh students are appearing in the undergraduate, post-graduate and PHD exams at 302 centres.Already, the university has twice changed the examination centres since the undergraduate exam began on March 3. The university has notified the changes made on March 3 and on March 6 on its website. They admitted to have made some mis-calculations on the number of seats in examination centres and students appearing in the exams.\"Hundreds of students were informed two days before that their centres have changed to a different location and in some cases different towns. It shows how much RU was prepared for taking exams,\" said principal of a private college in Jhunjhunu, whose students had to suffer due to last minute change.Meanwhile, post-graduate exams will begin from March 23. Many colleges have complained that they have not received the permission letters of students. Normally they receive permission letters a month in advance.\"Exams are just 12 days ahead and we have not received the letters. The biggest challenge for us is to deliver the letters either at examination centres or to post them as most of the students have left for their respective places for preparation,\" said the principal of a private college, who requested not to be named.The university has set up a control room which is receiving queries related to examination centres. They are mostly re-confirming the examination centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226538", "title": "Novel schemes on offer in Rs 700-crore corporation budget", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A string of novel initiatives are likely to figure in the corporation budget 2012-13, which will be presented on Monday.'Good Health' a project meant to provide free health tips and exercise for middle class women on a daily basis has been proposed for the new budget. The scheme will aim mainly at women belonging to the lower strata of the society, who seldom pay attention to their health, while leading a stressful life.The corporation might also consider teaming up with hospitals to prepare a data bank of residents with different blood groups and offer it to hospitals during emergency. The proposal regarding this project is learnt to have been included in the budget.A project to start 24-hour health centres in all wards, in addition to the existing community health centres has also been proposed. The health centre will offer service round the clock with the help of a specially recruited medical team.The corporation might also announce the opening of a common enquiry centre for all the schemes offered by the corporation. This centre would unify the functioning of all the other cells and offer any kind of guidance and assistance to the beneficiaries.The Sri Chitra park at Fort is proposed to be renovated and redesigned on the model of Gandhi park.The proposal has plans to install modern facilities at the park and aims at converting it to a convention centre, equipped with good parking facility. Three new centres for parking have been identified and included in the budget proposal considering the parking woes of the city. A proposal to exempt the beneficiaries of BSUP and EMS housing scheme from paying building tax has also been included in the budget.The budget is expected to give utmost emphasis on source level waste management. A substantial sum would be earmarked for introducing decentralized waste management plants in apartment complexes, houses, auditoriums, market places and hotels.A special package for clean well workers might also figure in the budget proposals.The budget speech might also lash out at the government for its delay in giving the approvals for some of the most ambitious projects listed in the previous budget. 'Haritha nagaram', a project worth one crore rupees envisaged by the corporation in the last budget failed to materialize after the agriculture department had reportedly demanded assurance from the corporation regarding the strength of buildings. All the projects in previous budget which could not be initiated due to various reasons will be included in this year's budget.Corporation sources said that a Rs 700-crore budget would be presented and there would be many highly practical projects, unlike the previous budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12225966", "title": "HSIIDC to go hi-tech, develop new software", "text": "GURGAON: In keeping with the times, the Haryana State Industrial &amp; Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited ( HSIIDC), may go digital soon. The corporation is seeking to develop a new and improved computer infrastructure - equipped with servers and special software - which will manage all its transactions as well as digitize its core functions. The new system, once implemented, will be linked with the new data centre in Chandigarh, set up by HARTRON.On the software front, the new system will enable the user to develop a 'land bank,' which will carry all the details of the land acquired by the corporation in the state. \"All the systems will be integrated with the HSIIDC's official website,\" said an official.All of the corporation's development projects, both new and old, will migrate to the new computer system, which will also integrate such modules as administration, finance and accounting. The corporation will soon hold training sessions for its officials once the system is in place.The announcement falls in line with the Haryana government's new IT policy, and follows close on the heels of the inauguration of the Haryana State Data Centre (HSDC,) an ambitious new e-governance project which aims to inter-connect all the government departments as well as state-affiliated corporations.\"All allotment and monitoring of industrial plots in the state will be done through the new software. We will also have a special web-based platform enabling information exchange between the alottees and the corporation,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227408", "title": "Inflated water bills flood city", "text": "NEW DELHI: Residents in large parts of the city have been flooded with inflated water bills. Take the case of Mayur Vihar resident Parbha Madan. She received a bill of Rs 987 calculated over a period of four months last year; but this time, for the corresponding period, a bill of Rs 10,787 has been generated. And she is not alone. Vasant Kunj resident Keval Misra's bill shot up from an average of Rs 2,500 for two months in the last billing cycle to Rs 8,000 this time.In Madan's case, this sudden appreciation may be attributed to the installation of a new, magnetic meter at her residence. But Misra had a new meter installed a year ago. \"We would like to believe that the latest bills are showing our actual consumption after the new meters were installed ; but how would Delhi Jal Board explain the case of Gul Fraaz Mohan, a resident of Mayur Vihar-II ? His water consumption from March to June 2011 was 52 kl. From September to December 2011, his consumption went up to 189 kl. He lives alone so it is impossible to attribute this to massive usage, especially because the billing period covered the winter months. There is either something wrong with the meters or with the meter readers,\" said Rajesh Sehgal, the president of the pocket B RWA in Mayur Vihar-II.DJB has acknowledged that it, too, has been receiving several complaints, but the margin of error on its part in reading the meter is low. \"The water utility was losing huge amounts of money due to average consumption billing done wherever meters didn't exist or had not been functioning properly. On the basis of average consumption, each household was being billed for the usage of 20-25 kl/month. Now, the new magnetic meters are showing actual readings of 30 to 70 kl/ month. Naturally, the bills would be high,\" said Ramesh Negi, CEO, DJB.Officials also say that better supply and improved pressure has also led to extra consumption. \"We have improved supply and plugged leaks in several areas. This is not taken into account. Even if supply is restricted to an hour, consumption has actually increased,\" said an official.However, not everything can be attributed to actual consumption coming to light, thanks to the new meters. Misra was once asked by a meter reader for \"something\" to fix his reading and a tout at the zonal engineer's office who asked for Rs 1,000 to \"fix\" the problem.DJB accepts that there is a problem with manpower and says it is working actively to address the issue. \"A shortage of meter readers is another factor that led to incorrect billing,\" says an official. There was a need of 400 meter readers that was not being filled and the Board finally decided to hire retired army personnel. Only 100 posts were filled.\"Since there is not sufficient manpower to go around, we had to bill some areas on average consumption basis even if those areas had meters. Secondly, in some places like Vasant Kunj, there has been a mass transfer of meter readers as they were found to be corrupt and manipulating meter readings. The new set of employees is at least, for the time being, submitting correct readings. That's why some people would see a sudden hike,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12225920", "title": "Bio-diversity park amphitheatre opens with unique cultural show", "text": "GURGAON: For Gurgaon's culture crowd, the Sunday hotspot this weekend was an unusual one. The venue was ensconced within the Aravallis, and the performing stage was an open-air amphitheatre. The inauguration - both of the bio-diversity park's amphitheatre and the cultural event, Gurgaon Utsav, hosted there - was a special treat for those who don't mind a mix of culture and nature.Organizers of Gurgaon Utsav had a carefully chosen theme for the first evening of what might turn out to be a twice-a-month event here. \"This region has been closely associated with sufi music and qutubi qawwals. So, we decided to have both for the first evening,\" said Anjali Singh, co-founder of the citizens' group Arts, which organized the event along with the NGO I Am Gurgaon.The new amphitheatre, which the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon started building last year, was filled to capacity, with over 700 guests present for performances by the renowned sufi musician, Madan Gopal and his crew, and traditional qawwals Qutubi Brothers.According to Uma Prakash of Arts, her group will be organizing two such events at the same venue in April. \"We have the next show slated for April 7 and after that for April 28,\" said Prakash, adding that the next events will have a small entry fee for the audiences. \"Sunday's show was a great success. The people loved it. Now, we are going to do it regularly for the coming next months. Our objective is to do more and more, theatre, music, dance, everything,\" said Prakash.Hemnat Dua, a resident of the Golf Course road, was among the many who admired the performances as much as the whole concept. \"I think it's a great idea, well implemented. Open air stage, with beautiful surroundings. And besides, Gurgaon needs more venues for such shows,\" Dua said.There were many bio-diversity park regulars, too, among the audience for Sunday's concert. Archana Sharma, a resident of DLF Phase 2, could be seen on any random morning walking about the pathways of the park. \"I am delighted to see the show. I love coming here, and if such events occur regularly here, it will add to the experience,\" she said. While Delhi has had no dearth of decent and scenic open-air venues, Gurgaon has a few. And the new amphitheatre does fill that void.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12227861", "title": "Nursing student catches fire in hostel", "text": "JAIPUR: A nursing student sustained severe burn injuries after she caught fire at a hostel located at Malviya Nagar in the city on Sunday triggering panic among 45 inmates and staff of the hostel.The incident happened at 6 am when the inmates of Bhagwan Mahaveer Cancer Hostel and Research Centre (BMCHRC) heard one of their hostel mates screaming from inside her room.When one of the students went to check the room from where the screams came, she saw a girl on fire and alerted the hostel authorities. Officials of the BMCHRC rushed the victim to the hospital and later the hospital authorities informed the Bajaj Nagar police station.\"The girl has been identified as Mausami (22) and was pursuing first year of nursing,\" police said.\"It appears to be a case of attempt to suicide. However, the victim in her statements claimed that an unidentified woman came to her room and set her on fire. An investigation is on to find out if it is a case of suicide or an attempt to murder,\" Shivratan Godara, circle inspector, Bajaj Nagar police station, said.Police were recording statements of hostellers to find out what exactly happened in the room where the incident happened.The BMCHRC administration was tight-lipped on the developments and was investigating why a girl student was found with severe burn injuries in a hostel room.Asked about the condition of the victim, Godara, said, \"The SMS hospital authorities informed the victim has sustained almost 50 percent burns and her condition is critical.\"Sources added that girl was married and was upset with her married life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12231500", "title": "Fun time for Paridhi Sharma", "text": "Playtime Creations' show Ruk Jana Nahi revolves around Sanchi, Indu and Prabal's life. However, there is one more character Mehek who is growing in stature in the show with every passing day.Mehek, being played by Paridhi Sharma, is madly in love with Prabal. Before this Paridhi has played the negative lead in Tere Mere Sapne. \"When I got selected for Mehek's character I was happy because I came to know that many more actors were considered for this character and finally I was selected,\"Paridhi further adds, \"As an actor I always appreciate a fellow actors work and that way me and Pooja compliment each other.\" Paridhi and Pooja also share the same make up room. Recently Prabal shown his false love for Mehek and both the girls fail to identify that. \"Paridhi adds, \"In the coming episodes my track with Prabal ( Zubin Dutt) will be interesting to watch,\" concludes Paridhi who hails from Indore and came to Mumbai couple of years back to pursue acting as her career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230616", "title": "Girls go gaga", "text": "You know you're in the right place on an inviting Chennai evening when you have a few things lined up one after the other......Lovely music to pep up the spirits, great friends for company, and of course, scrumptious appetizers and sparkling cocktails to enliven the mood.All these and more came together at a recent do, dedicated to the beautiful women of Chennai. There were love songs aplenty to get them blushing, while the men played the knights in shining armour. As the attendees immersed themselves in music, the party picked up steam and got the guests jiving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12227935", "title": "BMC fails to deliver on cleanliness drive", "text": "BHOPAL: Heaps of garbage on road side at many places are a common sight in the absence of a proper system to clean up the mess. Mounds of garbage and filth across the city fly in the face of Bhopal Municipal Corporation's tall claims about clean city. Though 3,000 employees have been appointed for the cleanliness drive, a goal of neat and clean city seem to be a distant dream.The corporation each day collects more than 600 metric tonne of garbage from the city and dumps at a place on the city outskirts near Bairagarh. Heaps of garbage can be seen in areas of Shivaji Nagar, Nehru Nagar, Shajanabad, Subhash Nagar and most of the residential colonies in old and New Bhopal.\"Garbage collection and cleanliness drive is a newly introduced system. It could take some more time to stabilize,\" said BMC deputy commissioner Pramod Shukla. \"It is a daily process, but it is not possible for us to keep the city clean all day. After all, citizens also lack civic sense,\" he added.However, city residents are not ready to buy the argument. \"We are paying the BMC for keeping the surroundings clean without any tangible results,\" SK Sharma, a resident of Chunabhatti, said.Irregularities are also observed in the door-to-door garbage collection commenced by the BMC in various parts of the city.\"Garbage collectors come to collect garbage at around 1 pm for the past one week,\" said Dhariya, a resident of Bharati Niketan. \"When questioned them about their late arrival, employees tend to misbehave,\" he complained.\"To our knowledge, garbage collecting vans are leaving at about 8 am. They have to cover so many houses in a day, which might be causing the delay,\" Shukla said.The corporation had started door-to-door garbage collection in ward 63 of zone 13 (Anand Nagar) on an experimental basis in 2011. Eventually, after the success of the scheme in the area, the corporation started the door-to-door garbage collection in Zone 10 (Shivaji Nagar), Zone 11 (E-7 Arera Colony) and Zone 12 (Govindpura) areas of the city.The corporation will start door-to-door garbage collection in ward 27 (Nehru Nagar) by March this year. Currently, some 12 autos and 80 cycle-rickshaws collecting garbage form 55,000 houses in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225597", "title": "Applicant sought information on jail\u2019s \u2018shoddy\u2019 affairs", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior Central Information Commission (CIC) official affirmed that the information about Kalyan's Adharwadi jail should have been provided to RTI applicant Sanjay Bhalika free of cost. \"The applicant should file a complaint with the state information commission as this amounts to a gross violation of the RTI Act,'' he said.RTI activist Samir Zaveri said, \"Very few people have knowledge about RTI and this is the reason many officials deliberately violate constitutional rules of the RTI Act by demanding unfair amounts from them. But if RTI applicants follow the proper procedure there is no need to pay 'extra' charges. The rules say that in case an official gives information within 30 days he will have to pay Rs 2 per photocopy, but if the number of pages is large and the information is available in computers, then the information officer can only charge the cost of putting it on a CD.\"Bhalika, with the help of the Thane anti-corruption bureau, had trapped police sub inspector K P Kengle of Bazarpeth police station, for demanding a Rs 1.25 lakh bribe from him to settle a pending cheating complaint against him. Bhalika claimed that the complaint was filed because of business rivalry. He alleged that after he got trapped Kengle, an officer from the Bazarpeth police station filed a case of cheating and forgery against him following which he was arrested and served jail for 43 days.Bhalika said there were many prisoners languishing in the jail for petty offences. \"The food is of inferior quality and people have to live in unhygienic conditions. I also found that doctors are not appointed in jail and visiting doctors do not attend to the patients on time,'' he said.Bhalika sought information from 2000-2011 about prisoners serving over six months' jail for petty crimes, procedures for prisoners' treatment in jail and appointment of doctors. He also asked about the amount of food recommended for inmates, education facilities and the norms for visits by prisoners' families. He also wanted to know about the procedures to file complaints related to ill-treatment of prisoners.Bhalika has complained to senior jail authorities about the prison information officer's demand. Sonar was not available for comment.Very few people have knowledge about RTI and this is the reason many officials deliberately violate constitutional rules of the RTI Act by demanding unfair amounts from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12225985", "title": "3 held with stolen auto in Sardarnagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sardarnagar police arrested three youths with a stolen auto during vehicle checking on Saturday. The investigators said the trio is suspected to be involved in robberies. According to police investigators, a police team stopped an auto without registration number in the Bungalow area. When the trio could not produce the papers, they were taken to police station.Upon questioning, they confessed it was stolen. Further probing revealed that they had earlier stolen two autos and sold them after using them for illegal activities. \"The questioning of the trio is going on and we believe that they might be part of an autorickshaw gang active in Sardarnagar and nearby areas,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230577", "title": "Kollywood girls talk the talk", "text": "Heroines are lately choosing to dub for their charactersKollywood has for long known to produce capable heroines who have dubbed for themselves and sometimes for other heroines. But, the past decade, with the many imports, has seen most directors preferring to use dubbing artistes for their leading ladies.Lately, many of the heroines have started opting to dub for their own characters. The latest one to dub for her character is Samantha. She has just begun dubbing for trilingual Neethane En Ponvasantham with Gautham Menon . \"Yes, she has begun her dubbing for the films, this is the first time she is doing so,\" says her spokesperson. We hear that Samantha is taking extra effort to dub for all three versions of the film.Actresses feel that they can bring in that little extra by dubbing for their films. Trisha, who began dubbing for her films just two years ago, feels that it is a good trend. \"While many heroines are from the north and Tamil is a tough language, dubbing for your character is always a great feeling. It pays to put in that extra effort,\" says she.And that is the truth, because Trisha did get good reviews for her dubbing in films like Manmadhan Ambu. In fact, most of the younger brigade feel that they need to put in that extra effort to dub for their characters.Shruti Haasan dubbed for her Tamil debut film 7aum Arivu. While dubbing artistes have always provided able support, actresses believe that one dubbing for films themselves too can work wonders. \"After a point of time, a dubbing artiste can sound repetitive. This is because they dub for other heroines as well. I regret not dubbing for my films earlier,\" says Trisha.Some of the most celebrated heroines in Tamil cinema have not just dubbed for themselves but have also lent their voice to other heroines. Revathy dubbed for Tabu's character in Kandukondein Kandukondein. With the younger brigade now opting to dub for their characters, it is a healthy trend that is definitely welcome in Kollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12227514", "title": "Many UP board exam centres to have CCTV cameras", "text": "KANPUR: More than one lakh students will appear in the UP Board examinations of class X and XII which will commence from March 16. Nervousness, excitement, last minute revision, anxiety and stress have gripped the students, who will appear in the High School and Intermediate examinations to be conducted by Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad (UPMSP).The authorities of UPMSP authorities have made tight arrangements to prevent mass copying during the examinations. District inspector of schools (DIOS) Shiv Sevak Singh claimed that the administration is alert to prevent any untoward incident.\"Those found indulging in copying would have to face tough actions like lodging an FIR. The invigilators are also being told about ways and methods which can be used by students in cheating. This is being done to check unfair means during examinations,\" Singh added.A bunch of 30 students in a class would be under the observation of an invigilator.A few colleges have decided to install CCTV cameras in the classrooms to keep an eye on the students and the invigilators.As many as 1.19 lakh candidates will appear in the UP board examinations at 202 centres. There would be around 6,000 invigilators. The officials have categorized the centres as sensitive and very sensitive centres. As many as 14 centres have been identified as extra sensitive where security arrangements are made under the vigilance of a special magistrate.\"There will be strict invigilation and tight security at every centre to conduct fair and smooth examination. There will be no additional collection centres of copies this year. All the centres will have to sent the answer-sheets directly to Government Inter College, which is the lone copy collection centre for the district,\" Singh added.Total examinees in UP Board class X and XII examinations: 1,37,993Total students in class X: 72,679Number of boys in class X: 35,977Number of girls in class X: 33,732Total students in class XII: 65,314Number of boys in class XII: 35,657Number of girls in class XII: 31,314Examination centres: 202Number of invigilators: 6,000Sspecial magistrates: 22", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229731", "title": "Joy Mukherjee was a hassle-free fun-loving co-star: Asha Parekh", "text": "Actress Asha Parekh recalls late Joy Mukherjee with whom she did four films together and all of them were super-hits.\"We did four films together, Hum Hindustani, Phir Wohi Dil Laaya Hoon, Ziddi and Love In Tokyo and all of them were super-hits. I am happy to see it was a 'Joy' working in these films. He was a hassle-free fun-loving co-star, kind and considerate. But he also had a habit of coming late on the sets, which I soon got used to. When we did Hum Hindustani together in 1960 he was a newcomer and I already had done films. Joy and I didn't have any scenes together in Hum Hindustani, so we barely met,\" says Asha Parekh remembering the late actor.\"When we did Phir Wohi Di Laya Hoon it was a different story. We had a ball shooting the film in the lovely outdoors. I suppose it was the picnic mood of the film and all those 10-11 terrific O.P. Nayyar songs. I remember when we were shooting for my solo song A ankhon se jo utri hai dil mein we were running out of raw stock (film). Joy went out of the way to complete the song before the day was over. We shot Love In Tokyo in Japan. I think ours was the first Hindi film to be shot there. Again, shooting was like a picnic. Joy and I did a lot of sightseeing. I remember he threw a party on the last of shoot in Japan,\" she says.\"A funny thing happened during the shooting of our last film together Ziddi. Joy was supposed to pick me up forcibly, and throw me on the bed. He, poor thing, didn't realize there was no mattress on the bed. I landed on the bed with a thud. My back was gone I couldn't get up for days. Yeh sab chalta hai . It's all part of entert inment business. The sad thing is, Joy went too early. He was in his 60's. I believe he wasn't keeping good health. He should have looked after himself. I met him for the last time in October 2011 in Kashmir. We were all there for a function. He wouldn't even come out of the car. He screamed after me to come home. I wish I had taken up the invitation,\" recalls the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12227054", "title": "Train to maximum city to chug off from Sunday", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Come Sunday, Tricity residents will have a reason to smile as the new Mumbai-Chandigarh Express train is set to become functional. The move will not only bring relief to hundreds of Marathis settled in Tricity, but also those who frequent Mumbai.Providing details of the train, divisional railway manager, Ambala, P K Sanghi said, \"The train will start its journey from Chandigarh at 5.45am on Sunday (March 18) and reach Mumbai at 3pm on Monday. It will run once a week and have 18 coaches.\" This is one of the 26 trains which have been announced by railway minister Dinesh Trivedi .Till date, residents travelling to Mumbai had to board the Kalka-Bandra Paschim Express from city which would join Amritsar-Bandra train at Ambala Cantonment railway station to head for its destination. The new train would be direct and thus save people the hassle of changing trains throughout their journey.Madhav Bhaskar Sane, a Marathi residing in city, said, \"This train will be of great help and save us from physical and mental stress of changing trains enroute. Earlier, we used to travel all the way to Delhi by bus or taxi and then take a direct train.\"Dr Rajinder Belokar, a professor at PEC University, said, \"The best part of having a train to Mumbai originating from city would be the easy availability of seats as its very difficult to land a seat in trains originating from Delhi. Also, it would be great if its frequency is increased from once a week to few more days.\"Another thing about the train that has city residents excited is the places the train would cross. Nirender Singh, who frequents Mumbai for business related work, said, \"Starting from Chandigarh railway station the train will cross Ambala, Panipat, Rohtak, Bhiwani, Rewari, Alwar, Jaipur and Ahmedabad before it reaches Bandra. So if one wishes, they can get down at any station, roam around, explore new places and later catch another train for Mumbai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12225793", "title": "Marginal rise in number of women MLAs", "text": "LUCKNOW: There will be more women faces in Uttar Pradesh's 16th Legislative Assembly than there have ever been, since 1996. Though they will still be unable to breach the 1996 number -- 50 -- as many as 32 will play people's representatives in Uttar Pradesh.Representation of women has remained poor in the state legislature since 1993, never breaching the 30 plus mark, except once in 1996. The trend slipped again from 2002 onwards, when the number of women MLAs fell sharply to 26. In 2007, the number dipped further to 23.This year, with most political parties fielding more women candidates, their representation on the floor of the House is set to improve, tough only marginally, at 32.Though the ruling Samajwadi Party has 19 women MLAs out of its total tally of 224, only three women MLAs have been elected to power on BSP tickets and six women MLAs belong to the BJP.Congress, on the other hand, has only been able to send two of its women representatives (out of its total tally of 28) to the state assembly.Despite having a woman leader, representation of women is the poorest in BSP - only 3% of its 80 MLAs are women.The performance of Congress and SP is scarcely better, sending 7% and 8% women to the lower House.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225288", "title": "New technology directs fishermen towards catch", "text": "MUMBAI: Scientists in a quiet neighbourhood in Versova are testing the waters to see if Mumbai can be turned into a Gold Coast of sorts. Every morning, they try to map out areas in the sea where fishermen might find more schools of fish that day.Along the coastline of Maharashtra, as kolis assemble at the jetty before embarking on a fishing trip, they gravitate towards the community notice board for updates. Advance storm warnings are welcome during the monsoon, but on a routine basis, they are keener to know which direction to head in to net a bigger catch.The scientists who are conducting these trials claim that fishermen who use this facility net double the volume of fish than they did before. And by directing them, as they point them in that direction, the experts help save precious diesel that is subsidized by the government.Dr Veerendra Veer Singh, principal scientist at the Central Marine Fisheries Research Institute (CMFRI) at Versova, was selected to helm this World Bank pilot project that is being undertaken jointly by the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS), Hyderabad, and a private service provider in Mumbai.\"Daily updates disseminated by us are recieved through GPS technology adapted to mobile phones,\" Singh says. \"We have distributed mobile phones in 13 villages along the coast of Maharashtra, particularly in Raigad district. Each day, we gather data and satellite images from INCOIS to prepare a forecast for early warning of storms and weather data. We can also map out locations where fish may be available by assessing water surface temperature, wind velocity and chlorophyll, which indicates fish food.\"These special mobile phones have been given to village heads who relay information to the community. Together with community level coordinators, who have been trained to decode the diagrams and graphs, they update the notice board each morning. Around 1,900 fishermen in Maharashtra are said to utilize the benefits of this innovation, particularly in the eco-sensitive Raigad, where load-shedding hampers reception of weather advisories through television, facsimile or digital boards.The grant-in-aid project was started in April 2010 under the World Bank Global Environment Facility (GEF) Project. Singh had been working in the field of climate change for the past few years and was the natural choice to head this venture. \"This effort is designed to mitigate perceived future climatic risks,\" he says. \"We have identified 75 fishing villages in the state whose fish-drying platforms, auction zones or net-mending areas that are on the beach could be inundated by a 1m rise in the sea level in around 10 to 30 years if the glaciers continue to melt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12227565", "title": "Regional parties fail to woo voters", "text": "KANPUR: Though the results of the Assembly elections are out, what remained noticeable was the failure of the regional parties in winning the confidence of the voters in the city.Regional parties like Rashtriya Lok Dal floated by Amar Singh, Lok Janshakti Party of Ram Vilas Paswan , Apna Dal, Trinamool Congress, Peace Party, Jan Rajya Party, Bharat Punarnirman Dal, Janata Dal (United), Rashtriya Viklang Party, Bundelkhand Congress and All India Forward Bloc failed to bag even a single seat out of 10 in the district. Also, none of these parties could win any seat in Dehat, which had a total of four Assembly constituencies.Lok Jan Shakti Party which had fielded its candidates in all the 10 assembly constituencies failed to lure voters. This came out as a big loss to the party. In all the 10 constituencies, the candidates of Lok Jan Shakti Party suffered losses of their security money. Arif Azad, who had contested on LJSP ticket from Cantt constituency received only 140 votes. While, Sarvesh Yadav who had contested from Bithoor seat bagged 587 votes. He was the top scorer among all the candidates who had contested election on the ticket of Lok Jan Shakti Party in the city.Rashtriya Lokmanch, the recently formed party with its supremo Amar Singh also could not fare well in the city. RLM had also fielded its candidates on all the 10 seats but none of them emerged victorious.The candidates of Apna Dal could not prove their mettle in the city. Apna Dal had fielded its candidates from Billhaur, Govind Nagar, Kidwai Nagar and Ghatampur constituencies.Rashtriya Viklang Party, which contested on Bithoor, Govind Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, Ghatampur and Cantt also could not make place in the heart of the voters. Virendra Singh and VN Pal, who contested assembly elections from Govind Nagar and Bithoor, could manage to get only 662 and 389 votes respectively and lost their security deposit.Trinamool Congress, which had provided ticket to its candidates in the city for the first time, could not show its magic as it had done in West Bengal , where party supremo Mamta Banerjee became the chief minister.Trinamool Congress had fielded candidates in Bithoor, Kalyanpur, Govind Nagar and Cantt seats.Peace Party also could not perform well.Jan Rajyaa Party and Bharat Punarnirman Dal, the parties floated by IITians and other intellectuals also could not show their charisma. In none of the assembly constituencies, including Kalyanpur, Govind Nagar and Kidwai Nagar any of the candidates could save their security deposits.Janata Dal (United), CPI (Marxist), Bundelkhand Congress, All India Forward Bloc, NCP also could not meet the expectations of the voters.The voters on the other hand, preferred voting the major political parties like Samajwadi Party , Bharatiya Janata Party and Congress. As a result SP won five seats, BJP ended with four seats and Congress managed to bag one seat. The anguish against the BSP regime was evident as none of the seat went into its kitty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12227237", "title": "His collection has the stamp of Penny Black", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Abnash Luthra, an avid stamp collector, is the only philatelist in the Tricity to possess the famous and most looked for classic stamp, 'Penny Black,' and that too three of these.Penny Black, that was issued on May 1, 1840, is special and unique as it is the world's first adhesive postage stamp used in a public postal system.Luthra, a resident of Mohali, is proud to have almost a complete collection of Great Britain stamps, starting from the first ever postage stamp, Penny Black.He also has over 1,500 of the Penny Red stamps that followed Penny Black.\"I have always loved the ways of the monarchy in any country. As such my collection comprises classic stamps from different parts of the world, with a major part coming from Great Britain or Commonwealth countries,\" he said, while adding, \"I am also very impressed by stamps issued and used in the times of Queen Victoria.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12225520", "title": "Thousands bid adieu to Uttamrao Patil", "text": "YAVATMAL: Six-time MP Uttamrao Patil, who died at a Nagpur hospital on Saturday due to cardiac arrest, was bid a tearful adieu by thousands of people at Loni, his native place about 30km from here, on Sunday afternoon.Followers and party workers thronged 'Deokripa', Patil's Arni road house here, after his body was brought from Nagpur. At 11am, the body was taken to Loni where mourners paid last respects. His sons Rajendra and Manish lit the funeral pyre.NCP minister Manoharrao Naik, district guardian minister Nitin Raut, social justice minister S Moghe, Yavatmal MP B Gawali, legislators M Thakre, N Parvekar, W Kasawar, V Khadse, V Purke, S Bajoria and S Rathod, ex-MPs J Dhote, N Puglia and H Rathod, ex-MLAs V Dhote, NP Hirani and S Thakre etc attended the funeral.SP Ranjankumar Sharma also visited his Yavatmal residence and paid floral tributes to the departed soul. Additional collector Indrasen Tatkare laid a wreath. Moghe laid wreath on behalf of CM Prithviraj Chavan while Raut on behalf of the people of Yavatmal.A condolence meeting was held under chairmanship of Manoharrao Naik in which tributes were paid.Uttamrao, who was BSc in agriculture, started political career as a member of the gram panchayat. He was elected as sarpanch of Loni gram panchayat in 1969 and later elected to Digras Panchayat Samiti as a member. He then became a member of Yavatmal Zilla Parishad.He was a member of the state legislative assembly from 1972 to 78. After the sudden demise of his father Deorao Patil, who had completed two terms in Lok Sabha representing Yavatmal, the then prime minister Indira Gandhi allotted a party ticket to Uttamrao. He later won LS elections for five consecutive terms. In 2004, he was defeated by H Rathod of BJP.In 2009, he was denied party ticket at the last moment. He had then sought party ticket for state assembly polls in 2009 which too was denied. Then he filed nomination as an independent but withdrew at the last moment.However, recently, he felt that he and his followers were sidelined by MPCC president Manikrao Thakre. Uttamrao finally quit Congress and joined NCP in November 2011. But he was not happy with unwanted comments of some NCP members and protested them in private.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225557", "title": "Hey, the HERO\u2019S missing", "text": "MUMBAI: In the poster of Mr India, Sridevi is the one who's invisible. A red band across the centre of the poster allows a glimpse of Anil Kapoor . There's the light shirt that's doing a bad job of hiding a hairy chest, the thick moustache and below it the smile that's always accompanied by raised eyebrows as if in prior knowledge of Hollywood roles in the offing. The rest of him is a mere silhouette because, according to Akshar Pathak, designer of this poster, minimalism is a form of justice.Tired of Bollywood posters with photo-manipulated images of sexy heroines and tough heroes , 22-year-old Pathak decided it was time Bollywood poster art was stripped down to its bare essentials. The designer's staunch belief in minimalism has culminated not only in 24 unique posters that he has uploaded on a blog but were also on exhibition in Delhi recently. Here, Dabangg equals a pair of Ray Bans with hearts, Hera Pheri is an old landline phone and The Dirty Picture , in place of Vidya Balan's ample bosom, displays a couple of fried eggs.\"The challenge is to find the essence , as each film can have two to three ideas,\" says Ashish Acharya, another visual designer, whose attempt to use just basic geometry, forms and colours has resulted in ten posters, including Lagaan that shows three cricket stumps with roots and 3 Idiots with a butt seat in brackets raised to the number three. Like Pathak, Acharya, whose website DesignBeing attracted 5,000 visits in one day, is now hoping that Bollywood will soon follow their cue.It's not an entirely unrealistic dream. While Hollywood can boast umpteen such gems-take Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight Rises poster which shows a city in ruins and the bat symbol shining through as a ray of hope -Bollywood's new wave cinema seems to be offering hope for minimalism. Posters of films such as Kahaani (which was styled like a 'Missing' Notice), Shor In The City (that showed the cityscape resembling a sound wave) and Love, Sex Aur Dhoka (two pairs of feet forming the shape of a heart ) have, amid the visual chaos of Bollywood, made way for subtlety.To a large extent, such films where the makers want to sell a non-conventional thought and do not have celebrities to support, are responsible for this progression. \"When you do these films, you need to think hard about what would make people stop to look despite the missing star cast,\" says Rajeev Chudasama of Marching Ants, a design technology studio that has made minimal Bollywood posters its forte. \"These idea-based film posters, like the films, are not really targeted at the masses, so more liberty is allowed.\"When Marching Ants was launched in 2001, the scenario wasn't that conducive to minimalism. Today, however, film-makers such as Shakun Batra and Dibakar Banerjee walk into design studios to narrate the plot. \"We listen keenly-even a word mentioned in passing by the maker may just be the dough for us,\" says Chudasama. For instance, when Anurag Kashyap briefed him about Dev D, he mentioned Andy Warhol but it didn't make sense to Chudasama, as the artwork wasn't contemporary. But then Kashyap said \"pop art\", which referred to the nature of Warhol's work, and the various posters of Dev D, such as the one in which a giant pair of pink lips dwarfs Abhay Deol's face, are reflections of that interpretation.\"Even a poster with a star can be done in a minimalist way that works for the film,\" says Krishna DK, director of Shor In The City, citing Moneyball where Brad Pitt is seen staring at a baseball ground with his back to the audience. Ramkamal Mukherjee, vice-president, media and special projects, Pritish Nandy Communications, cites the 'Arnab Bagchi Missing' poster campaign of Sujoy Ghosh's Kahaani. \"One can raise curiosity by just writing a smart one-liner without any image,\" he says. \"Or just have a shocking image without any words.\"But in the cacophony of jarring posters of the SRKs and Hrithik Roshans, does minimalism stand a chance? Acharya believes so. \"With a silent black-and-white movie winning five Oscars,\" he smiles, \"I'm sure times will change even for Bollywood.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12225307", "title": "Budget 2012: Sore throat worries Pranab Mukherjee ahead of budget speech", "text": "GURGAON: Days ahead of presenting the Budget in Parliament, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is worried about his bad throat. While speaking at the golden jubilee celebration of SBI Staff College in Gurgaon on Sunday, he said he had a broken voice because of his \"bad throat\".He said he was worried how he was going to present the Budget. \"But I hope it will be all right by then,\" he added quickly. The Budget speech by the FM usually lasts 60-90 minutes.Earlier in the day, the FM said public sector banks should pay more attention to skill development and improving customer interface to stay relevant in the hugely competitive sector. \"Good customer service is the heart of banking service delivery. Banking is predominantly a customer-oriented business and good customer service is the key to banks' growth and stability,\" he added.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12232622", "title": "An event with a cause in Kolkata", "text": "It was a coming together of sorts on March 9, children from Hope Kolkata Foundation an orphanage , elders from an old age home Nabanir and the team that created \"\"BHASHA\"\" joined a day after HOLI to celebrate the season of Spring.Drawn on the lines of an unique bonding between an old solitary man who is full of tantrums and a girl from the lower strata of society, \"\" Bhasha \"\" a megaserial is on air in Star Jalsha .A joy ride on a tram amidst colors and exchanges of two generations who are on their own to face life culminated into an unique activity as quoted by veteran actor Haradhan Bannerjee- \"\"Never have I hadsuch a wonderful experience in my entire career, I am so happy to be able to participate in this unique endeavor by the channel.\"\" He was full of praises for Joyeeta who portrays the character \"\" Bhasha .A round of \"\" Abir Khela\"\" at Esplanade Tram depot between elders and the children was the most touching sight for the crowds . The tram left on its journey from there towards Khiddirpore an back as allparticipated in a Magic Show , Games , and a round of refreshments , The participants were gifted toys and small utility goods.The channel will also be providing a month's ration (rice &amp; pulses) to the old age home and orphanage as an extended activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12227736", "title": "Cop held for youth's murder", "text": "MUMBAI: Five men,including a constable,Prakash Sawade,attached to the MRA Marg police station,were arrested by the Cuffe Parade police on Sunday morning for their role in the murder of a 25-year-old man.Two others are not traceable,the police said.The deceased,Aamir Shaikh,worked as a parttime photographer and guide at the Gateway of India and lived in Gita Nagar colony in Cuffe Parade.The police said that he was murdered by his neighbours,the Sawades,with whom his family had a long-standing dispute.The police are facing accusations from the victims family for ignoring a complaint they filed against the accused hours before Shaikh was murdered.The incident took place early on Sunday when Aamir was accosted by seven members of the Sawade family near a bathroom.He was stabbed several times and his uncle was also attacked.The family rushed him to St George Hospital but he was declared dead on arrival.The murder was preceded by a violent fight between the two parties the night before.On Saturday night,at about 9.30pm,Aamir got into an argument with the accused which ended in a brawl.Assistant commissioner of police,Iqbal Shaikh (Colaba division),said that Aamir along with three others from his family assaulted one person from the Sawade family.He had to get stitches on his head.We registered a case of assault against the deceased but could not arrest him since he had fled the scene.The murder would not have taken place had he turned himself in at that point, said Shaikh.We felt that Sawade would come back to attack us,which is why we decided to spend the night in my brothers house.However,at about 3am,we were told that they had broken into our house, said Bashir Shaikh.Bashir said they went home to discover their house had been ransacked and looted.When we went to file a complaint with the police,they threatened to put us in the lock-up and refused to file an FIR, he said.Iqbal Shaikh denied the charges,saying the police were trying to resolve the matter all night and had shown complete impartiality.These two families have had problems with each other for many years.The fight broke out on Saturday night over a small issue and ended in this.We have arrested five people and are looking for two others, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12225723", "title": "IIM-A, Ohio varsity sign MoU", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Ohio State University on March 9. Along with students and faculty exchange programmes, joint workshops and researches, the two academic set-ups will be exploring possibilities of conducting dual degrees as well.Dean of external affairs at IIM-A, Atanu Gosh said, \"It is an MoU of broad nature which mentions collaborations in various academic activities, and students and faculty exchanges. We have also begun a dialogue to introduce a dual degree programme between the institutes. Though it is at an advanced stage, it will still take some more time as it has to go through more internal processes. As we have joined hands and have started working together, new avenues would open up soon.\"President, Ohio State University, USA Dr E Gordon Gee said that with the development of technology, the world has become very small. He said that in such a scenario, institutes must not wait to create everything of its own but should adopt a strategy of tying up and collaborating with various institutes across the globe. The idea, he said, is to use each others' infrastructures and facilities and grow together.Talking about their plans in India, vice-president of Ohio State University, Melinda Church said that they are looking forward to more activities in India. \"We have a strong alumni presence in India and we will be setting up an office in Mumbai. We are also looking forward to getting more students from India through the new office,\" said Church.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225333", "title": "Major cabinet reshuffle on the cards after budget session", "text": "MUMBAI: A major reshuffle in the state cabinet is in the offing. Talks of a major cabinet reshuffle after the budget session of the state legislature have gathered momentum following meetings of Congress party president Sonia Gandhi's meetings with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Narayan Rane on Saturday.Both leaders are said to have briefed her on their analysis of the party's poor performance in civic elections to local bodies in the state. Sources said the party's high command is also in consultation with Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde over the issue.With the consultation process held days after the UP poll outcome, party sources said that a major revamp was on cards. With organizational deficiencies, seen as a major reason along with corruption charges against senior leaders, seen as reasons for the poll debacle, sources indicated that state party president Manikrao Thakre could be relieved from his assignment.Talk was ripe that Thakre would be granted a cabinet berth. Lobbying for his successor has already begun, with names of MPs Hussein Dalwai and Vilas Muttemwar , senior leaders Rohidas Patil, Ulhas Pawar and Naresh Pugaliya doing the rounds.Sources said that following the poll outcome, the party top brass is concerned over losing ground to the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), which is Congress's principal competitor in the state.Saturday's discussions also focused on nomination of Rajya Sabha members from the state. Congress is likely to re-nominate Deshmukh to the Rajya Sabhais certain to be re-nominated, while deliberations are on over the second nomination. The state leadership has aired an opinion that Rajeev Shukla could be nominated from his parent state of UP, and Prakash Ambedkar of the Bharip Bahujan Mahasangh be nominated to RS from the state.Even NCP chief Sharad Pawar held deliberations with NCP state leaders over party's RS nominees on Sunday.In the NCP camp, there was talk that NCP general secretary D P Tripathi could be nominated in place of Ranjitsinh Mohite-Patil whereas Govindrao Adik will be re-nominated. Deliberations are on in the NCP over MLC following The discussion also involved choice of candidate to replace Subhash Bhoir as a member of the legislative council. Bhoir recently switched over to the Shiv Sena .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12226589", "title": "Scheme to provide flats for middle class on the anvil", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Major construction companies should come forward to construct houses for economically backward people, chief minister Oommen Chandy said on Sunday. He was inaugurating the state-level launch of Saphalyam housing scheme of the Kerala State Housing Board at the Akalakunnu grama panchayat community hall.He also lauded finance minister K M Mani for starting the scheme which provides flats to economically-backward people.\"Land price is on the rise even in village areas and even middle class people are struggling to construct houses,\" Chandy said.\"The government aims at constructing houses for 7 lakh people who do not have proper housing facilities,\" said Mani. \"Providing flats for economically backward people is being carried out for the first time in the country,\" he said.\"The scheme will be completed in Akalakunnu panchayat within nine months,\" said Mani. He also said that a similar scheme for middle class families would be implemented in Ayarkunnam near Kottayam.Revenue minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan delivered the keynote address.The flats will be built on an area of 195 sq ft, including a bedroom, hall, kitchen and toilet. It will be constructed on a budget of Rs 2.5 lakh. The state government will provide Rs 1 lakh as subsidy; one lakh will be provided by the Housing and Urban Development Corporation (Hudco) as housing loan at an interest of 10 per cent per annum.The beneficiary will have to pay Rs 25,000. A voluntary organization selected for the implementation of the project will contribute the same amount. The selected organization will ensure that the debt is repaid. The beneficiary will have to pay a monthly instalment of Rs 939 for 168 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225291", "title": "Cops on lookout for 80-yr-old who stabbed brother-in-law", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nagpada police is looking for three persons, including an 80-year old man, Khaiber Khan, who stabbed his brother-in-law, Sayyed Amjad Hussain (50), in Arab Galli, on December 13, 2011.According to the police, the incident occured when Hussain was on his way home at Arab Galli. Khaiber and his three sons- Sarmat, Safdar and Shakir- armed with a chopper, started assaulting Hussain.\"I suddenly heard a cry and rushed inside the building to find the Khans assaulting Hussain with a chopper. When I tried to intervene, Safdar pointed a revolver,'' said complainant, Afzal Ibrahim, who is related to the victim and the accused. The victim is still recovering from the stab injuries on his head and face. \"When the public tried to stop the accused from beating Hussain, the trio showed a gun and fired, but the trigger got jammed and they fled the scene\", added Ibrahim.While the Nagpada police have arrested Sarmat, Khaibar and his other two sons are absconding and have approached the sessions court seeking anticipatory bail.Senior inspector of the Nagpada police station,Vinayak Savde, said, \"We have arrested Sarmat and have recovered the chopper from him. We are looking for the other three accused, including Khaiber. We have objected to their anticipatory bail because they may try to pressurize the victim and witnesses.\" Savde added that the accused and the victims are relatives but there is enmity between them.Khaiber Khan has approached the sessions court saying he was not present at the time of incident and the allegations are baseless. He said there is a rivalry between them, Hussain as well as the complainant, Afzal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12232237", "title": "Nagarjuna comes to Sumanth's rescue", "text": "Despite talent and big family background, Sumanth is one good hero who never got his share of pie in Telugu Industry. Finally, uncle Nagarjuna came to his rescue like a real 'Saibaba'!With back to back flops last year, Sumanth is no where heard in the film circles. The flop hero too stopped giving public appearances after his films 'Daggarga Dooramga' and 'Raaj' bit dust. But, the acting bug inside never sits idle and Sumanth tickled the same with King Nag. If reports are to be believed, Sumanth got finalized as one of the leads in a multi starrer movie which is co-produced by Annapurna Studios.The film is said to be a thriller and fill feature another star hero from the industry, while the complete shoot will be done abroad. Nag, who is currently busy with his 'Saibaba' project, accepted this new-one solely for the sake of Sumanth, say sources. Hope, Sumanth will get some luck this time rather ending up like a 'side character'.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12225816", "title": "NGOs tell Nashikites to give gulal a chance this year", "text": "NASHIK: NGOs in the city have appealed to Nashikites to celebrate Rangpanchami today with organic colours. One of the NGOs will be distributing Holi sweets to lesser-privileged children on Tuesday. On Rangpanchami, the festival of colours celebrated five days after Holi, the NGO will collect sweets from households and will distribute it to slum school children.\"We will apply tilak to people with gulal and request them to give us sweets that they have prepared for Holi. These sweets will be given to the students of slum schools on Tuesday by our student volunteers,\" said Jagbir Singh, founder of Manav Utthan Manch (MUM) and Green Guards. He said that this activity is carried out by MUM every Diwali and this is for the first time that the NGO is doing this during Rangpanchami. \"On Holi or Rangpanchami, people often prepare sweets at home. We will ask each household to share one sweet with underprivileged children,\" said Singh.With synthetic colours flying off the shelves in most shops, activists from various NGOs have appealed to people to refrain from using them.Tejas Chavan of Eco Drive Youngsters pointed out the harmful effects of using synthetic colours. \"People prefer using synthetic colours because they last longer. They have stopped using the original Holi colour, gulal. Synthetic colours are bad for the skin and eyes and even if a little is consumed by mistake, it can cause health hazards. There have been instances of severe skin infections in the past. Even after Dhulivandan recently, people suffered from skin infections. The effects may not be immediate but can show up later. We appeal to people to play with organic colours or gulal,\" he said. He said that he and his volunteers have been trying to propagate the use of organic colours and have seen very few places in the city selling gulal.Housewife Vandana Somaiya, who has been spreading awareness among her family and friends about the benefits of using organic colours, said, \"One can easily make organic colours which are good for the skin at home. The colours may not be long lasting but the effects are. Carrot juice, tomato juice and spinach juice are very good for the skin,\" she said.An NGO that has revived the green cover of Borgad will plant 25,000 trees in two months, in addition to the 50,000 planted in five years. The forest department has sent a proposal to the government to identify more areas and plant trees with the help of the NGO, Nature Conservation Society of Nashik (NCSN).\"Our aim is to reach the 150,000-mark by 2013,\" NCSN president Bishwaroop Raha said. The project is being handled and supervised by the NGO with help from the forest department, which leased out 400 acres, while Mahindra &amp; Mahindra will fund the project, 28 km from Nashik.\"We will identify areas where trees can be planted and with help from the NGO and financial assistance from private companies, we will plant more trees. A proposal has been sent to the government and it is expected to be cleared soon,\" chief conservator of forests (territorial) G Saiprakash said.The place that had become barren due to rapid deforestation five to six years back has got back its forest cover to a large extent.\"The wildlife population has increased rapidly. Hares, cats and other small animals are seen often there.Birds like the Tawny-bellied Babbler, Purple Sandpiper, Common Babbler, Bulbul with red whiskers, Common Iora, Jungle Babbler, Quail, birds of prey, Sparrow Hawk, Castrol and Bonelli's Eagle nest there, while long-billed vultures fly around quite often.Birds like Spotted Dove, Paradise Flycatcher, Blue Flycatcher, Malabar Whistling-thrush, eagle and Blackbird are also seen, as are butterflies, reptiles and animals including hyenas, jungle cats, porcupines and mongoose,\" he said.He added that Borgad was rich in flora and fauna but villagers chopped away trees for firewood, while some of them sold it off as timber.To ensure the villagers' participation in the conservation project, seven have been appointed guards and they have been provided uniforms.The villages have been also been provided smokeless chullahs, which work on electricity and twigs.They were also provided solar lamps. \"Today, they play an active role in maintaining the forest,\" said Raha.The forest department and NCSN feel that more people and organizations should adopt villages and restore the area's greenery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227130", "title": "Designs on the new BRTs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government decided to rechristen the bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor as integrated transit corridor in 2011, perhaps hoping to erase the memory of the ordeal Delhiites undergo everyday on the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand BRT.Unfortunately, that's the only change it has brought about. Plans for 38 new corridors - 14 of which have been approved by Delhi government - clearly show the government is hell-bent on implementing a design that has already been panned by the city.A case in point is the preliminary design for BRT corridors to be constructed by DIMTS (Delhi integrated multi-modal transit system). The agency, which operates and maintains the existing BRT, has been entrusted with six corridors. Ironically, despite the experience of running the Ambedkar Nagar BRT with its attendant jams and long-signal cycles, DIMTS opted to replicate the same design on the corridors it will be building - central dedicated lane for buses, girded by the motor vehicle (MV) lanes on both sides. The rest of the road, DIMTS officials say, will be retrofitted as per guidelines set by the umbrella traffic and transport agency, UTTIPEC. \"The principle of the BRT at Ambedkar Nagar is sound. We only have to learn from our experience and design a better model for other corridors,\" said a senior DIMTS official.Better model, according to DIMTS, is a corridor that will have 15m set aside for the dedicated bus lane with 11m on either carriageway for MV lanes. On either side, a section of the road space measuring 10-11m will be devoted for the footpath, cycle and non-motor vehicle track. This is a typical cross-section on a 60m road, as suggested by UTTIPEC. On roads that are narrower, the lane width goes down correspondingly though the segregated bus lane is not done away with, unless the road is narrower than 24m. That's not all. The design also suggests separate parking zones for autorickshaws and Gramin Sewa on the road space in the corridor, aside from hawker zones near intersections. All this will be carved out in the existing road space.BRT proponents say existing lane space for private vehicles will not be touched in the new corridors. Said the DIMTS official, \"The idea is that we shall make more space on the road where possible.\" Considering the corridors are going through highly congested areas like ISBT Kashmere Gate, the airport intersection, Seelampur, Dilshad Garden, Azadpur, Shahdara, Mahipalpur and Gokulpuri, the idea may seem ludicrous. DIMTS claims that's why it has opted for a \"hybrid\" system - where the segregated bus lane may merge into mixed traffic on stretches that are too narrow.Says transport planning expert Prof P K Sarkar, \"How is optimum utilization of space possible where there is meagre road space? The problem is with the junction treatment in the BRT, where signal cycles are too long. Only if the bus lane is completed segregated at these junctions, perhaps made elevated, will the corridor work in Delhi.\" Sarkar said any traffic-heavy junction where the bus lane is at grade with the MV lane will result in traffic jams. He dismisses the government's proposal to reclaim road space in areas like the Yamuna riverside, by concretizing strips along the stretch. \"Can that be done along all the roads in Delhi? Obviously not,\" is the scathing retort.That the government itself is confused about the project is apparent from the fact that PWD, which has been asked to build the rest of the seven BRT corridors (with one to be built by the MCD), has no clue whether BRT will be a central or side dedicated bus lane. Officials in PWD say that the design will be finalized by consultants. Which it is still in the process of hiring.With a cost of Rs 15-20 crore per kilometer, the experimentation drive by Delhi government on the BRT project which will cover over 300km raises several questions. Why is it insisting on extending the corridor when the existing one still doesn't function properly? In a city with shrinking road space, rampant encroachment, lax enforcement, why is the government relying on a system that can only tackle moderate traffic flow? The government's refusal to allow public participation in the decision process has only mired the project in more controversy. But is the government listening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12227814", "title": "Autorickshaw unions demand fare revision", "text": "PUNE: Autorickshaw unions have said that the minimum rickshaw fare for Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad could be kept as it is at Rs 11, but the fare for every subsequent kilometre should be Rs 14 instead of the current rate of Rs 10. The changes should be applicable to the whole state, except Mumbai and Thane, they said.In Mumbai and Thane, the unions have demanded that the minimum fares be increased by Rs 5 - that is from Rs 11 to Rs 16 for the first 1.6 kilometre. For every subsequent kilometre travelled, the present increase in fare is by Rs 7, but the unions want it to go up by Rs 9.The unions on Sunday approved a memorandum about their demands which includes revision of autorickshaw fares, no compulsion on electronic meters, starting share-an-autorickshaw scheme, pension for drivers and other social benefits on the lines of the Mathadi daily wage labourers. The meeting of all the unions was held at Gultekdi here.After the meeting, Baba Adhav, founder and chairman of Rickshaw Panchayat, said, \"Auto fares should be linked with inflation. Currently, there are different rickshaw rates in Mumbai, Pune and other cities of the state. On the other hand, reflection of inflation in consumable items and essential services remain almost the same across the state. There should be some parity while deciding rickshaw fares as well.\"\"The autorickshaw fare in Mumbai and Thane is calculated on miles (one mile=1.6 km), while in the rest of the state, kilometre is used while calculating the fare. The state government is so disinterested that it does not even make the effort to correct these old methods of calculation,\" Adhav said. He also pushed for share-a-rickshaw system.\"Many rickshaw drivers often hesitate to travel for a short distance. The introduction of share-a-rickshaw, where fares are fixed, will benefit the drivers and also the passengers, who will be able to travel at affordable rates. By making laws and regulations rigid, its implementation will not be successful,\" Nitin Pawar, general secretary, Autorickshaw Union Joint Action Committee at the state-level, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12234054", "title": "Charan did a better job than me: Chiranjeevi", "text": "The song Vana vana villu vaye . . . from the 1991 block buster Gang Leader went on to be a rage back then thanks to the breathtaking dancing by Chiranjeevi.However, Chiranjeevi thinks he was out done by son Ram Charan, in the latest remixed version of the old song in Rachcha.Speaking at the music launch of the Ram Charan - Tamannah starrer, Chiru said, \"I saw the remixed version of the song. Watching him onscreen was like watching myself all over again in a younger avatar. People then told me that I was fabulous in the song and that no once could have done a better job than me. I can tell you that Racm Charan has done an even better job of dancing in the movie. I loved it and must congratulate the director for doing an incredible job of re-inventing the song two decades on.\"Now that is big praise coming from the Megastar himself. That's not all, he even went on to add, \"In this film the audience will see a side of Charan that you haven't witnessed in Orange or a Magadheera.\"Talk about a big endorsement", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225537", "title": "Not much expected from financially crippled railways: Dinesh Trivedi", "text": "NAGPUR: Vidarbha should not expect much from railway minister Dinesh Trivedi for Vidarbha this year. As it is, due to political apathy the region has not been benefited from railways in past. It has always got a raw deal in allotment of new trains, infrastructure development, passenger amenities, extension of trains, innovative technology, new projects etc.\"Except for some passing trains, not much is expected looking at poor financial position of railways. It would be enough if ongoing projects get funds,\" railway sources said. They said funds were expected for wagon repair workshop at Amravati and Wardha-Nanded rail link. The Ajni loco shed capacity may go up to 250 locos from existing 175. Also, tower wagon facility at Motibagh workshop may be overhauled. Nagpur is not expected to get any new trains, they said.Since 2008, announcements like new rail link between Wardha-Yavatmal-Nanded and Wadsa-Armori-Gadchiroli, survey for Washim-Badnera, Ballarshah- Surjagarh and Katol-Wardha rail lines have remained on paper. Besides, moves like making Nagpur station world class and setting up of railway medical college in city are also in cold storage. The promised Duronto train between Delhi-Nagpur has also not seen light of the day. The proposals for third line and automatic signalling between congested Nagpur and Wardha is also hanging fire.The government had promised termination of queues at reservation counters at stations, but even after four years, queues are only increasing. Passengers' demand for local trains for distances upto 150 km like Chandrapur, Amla, Gondia and Amravati has not been met.Basantkumar Shukla, secretary of Bharatiya Yatri Kendra (BYK), appreciated the fact that despite expenses going up, fares had not been increased in last nine years but added that passengers were ready to pay more for better amenities and safety.\"They (passengers) want clean linen, clean coaches, good catering and stations and punctuality,\" Shukla emphasised. He wanted work on various pending projects like doubling, gauge conversion and foot over bridges (FOBs) and road over bridges (ROBs) etc to be expedited.RTI activist Avinash Prabhune cautioned on a populist budget. Trivedi should check inefficiency, incompetence and corruption in railways. \"Railways need to provide amenities like trolleys at stations and security in trains. The practice of operating unviable trains needs to be reviewed,\" said Prabhune.Tejinder Singh Renu, secretary of Vidarbha Taxpayers Association, said booking of tickets through petrol pumps and post-offices was promised but had not been implemented. As promised, there were no on-line coach indication display board aboard trains.\"The facility of time of approaching station on-board was to be made available in mail/express trains by March 2009,\" Renu said. Stainless steel coaches has also not been met, he added.HK Chhangani of BYK said despite huge business potential, there were no railway logistics parks near Nagpur. \"Large number of vacancies has jeopardised safety,\" he said. Shukla added it was high time frequency of trains from Nagpur to Patna, Delhi, Bangalore and Hyderabad were increased.What passengers want* Railway zone status to Nagpur* Direct train service between Nagpur-Rae Bareli &amp; Delhi* Clean trains and stations with sufficient water* Integrated Security Scheme for Nagpur* On board infotainment services* Curb queues at reservation counters at stations* Additional ticket checking staff aboard trains* Automated ticket vending machines* Good quality food and catering services* Facilities like ramps, special signages, escalators, special coaches for physically challenged and aged* Increase speed of trains", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226470", "title": "Photo exhibition to honour Yesudas", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Fifteen-year-old Leen Thobias, decided to become a photographer the day he saw singer K J Yesudas, for the first time. The veteran was on a visit to Kollam and posing for a crowd of photographers.Not only did Thobias become a photographer, but he also found a place in the Limca book of records for making the first Photo Biography not surprisingly of Yesudas.The photo exhibition at the Trivandrum Club here showcased over a 100 photos taken from the Biography collection.The exhibition displays the photographs taken by Thobias over a span of 17 years while he worked as a photojournalist for various establishments.He has recounted the times when he used to work and save his holidays to cover every function and concert of YesudasThe photos in the Photo Biography have been handpicked mostly by the legend himself from the photographer's personal collection which amounts to over a lakh. There are photos of young Yesudas which Thobias has collected to add to his biography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12225705", "title": "FIR filed against 'unknown cops' for Ramdev action", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than two weeks after the Supreme Court asked Delhi Police to investigate the role of its officers in the brutal crackdown on Baba Ramdev's supporters in June last year, the Central district police have finally registered a case against \"unknown Delhi Police officers\" for \"acts endangering life or safety of others\".Cops would study TV footage of the late-night police action, including a lathicharge on Ramdev's supporters at Ramlila Maidan, to ascertain culpability of specific police officers. Police said a few arrests were likely after the erring police officers are identified. The case may be transferred to the crime branch after a while.Observers said the officers charged in the case are likely to be scapegoats as the order for the crackdown came from the police brass and Commissioner B K Gupta was himself present at the spot that night.Asked why nobody has been named in the FIR despite officers being seen in the footage using lathis, a senior police officer said, \"We will analyse everything, the footage and the circumstances in which the personnel turned violent. Those who are who are found...using excess force will be arrested\".The SHO of Kamla Market police station is the \"complainant\" in the case, registered under section 336 of Indian Penal Code.Sources said the investigations may be restricted to the lathicharge by cops and may not include the use of teargas shells, as the Supreme Court did not mention the latter in its order.Police commissioner Gupta is due to retire in June this year. The department has to file its report in three months' time. Sources said they will be filing the report in the lower court.Police are already investigating a case in which supporters of Baba Ramdev were booked last year. Several supporters were arrested for damaging property and indulging in violence. After the Supreme Court directive last month, Commissioner Gupta had said, \"We will abide by the Supreme Court order in letter and spirit. We will take action against those policemen who had used excessive force on protesters\".The court had slammed the police for acting in an arbitrary manner and using excessive force in evicting Ramdev and his followers from the Ramlila Grounds and had also pulled up the yoga guru for not cooperating with the police.The apex court had differentiated between policemen who had helped protesters move out of the venue and those who indulged in brick-batting and lathicharge.The SHO of Kamla Market police station is the \"complainant\" in the case, registered under section 336 of Indian Penal Code against \"unknown Delhi Police officers\" for \"acts endangering life or safety of others\". These cops had broken up a sit-in by Baba Ramdev at the Ramlila Maidan last year.Sources said the investigations may be restricted to the lathicharge by cops and may not include the use of teargas shells, as the Supreme Court did not mention the latter in its order.Police commissioner Gupta is due to retire in June this year. The department has to file its report in three months' time. Sources said they will be filing the report in the lower court.Police are already investigating a case in which supporters of Baba Ramdev were booked last year. Several supporters were arrested for damaging property and indulging in violence. After the Supreme Court directive last month, Commissioner Gupta had said, \"We will abide by the Supreme Court order in letter and spirit. We will take action against those policemen who had used excessive force on protesters\".The court had slammed the police for acting in an arbitrary manner and using excessive force in evicting Ramdev and his followers from the Ramlila Grounds and had also pulled up the yoga guru for not cooperating with the police.The apex court had differentiated between policemen who had helped protesters move out of the venue and those who indulged in brick-batting and lathicharge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12229515", "title": "Malayalam actor Sreekumar's condition stable, remains on ventilator", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The condition of Malayalam film actor Jagathy Sreekumar, who was admitted to a hospital here after he met with a road accident, is stable, doctors attending on him said on Monday.The condition of the actor, who underwent an emergency surgery after the accident on March 10, \"is stable at present\", Dr Abdullah Cheriakkat, managing director, Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences Hospital, where he is undergoing treatment, told reporters here today.The 61-year actor, who suffered multiple injuries in chest, abdomen and leg, was responding to medicines well and his blood pressure and functioning of kidneys are normal. However, he will continue to remain in ventilator for a couple of days more, he said.He said surgeries for correction of right thigh and right arm fractures would be done \"most probably\" tomorrow depending on his condition.Sreekumar,who has acted in over 1,000 films doing a variety of roles, largely as a comedian, met with the accident on his way to Kodagu in Karnataka for the shooting of a new movie when his car rammed into the road median and overturned at nearby Tenhippalam in wee hours on March 10.Works on about 10 projects in which Sreekumar figures are held up in view of the accident, sources in film industry said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12233987", "title": "Uggie is the new Internet Superstar", "text": "The Jack Russell Terrier from the Oscar darling The Artistis the new star onlineThe Artist might have swept the Oscars in one giant tidal wave of success. But then, it seems more than the lead actor or the director, it's Uggie, the Jack Russell Terrier, who has garnered attention in cyberspace. Hundreds of videos pertaining to Uggie's exploits, both in film and in real life, have now surfaced on the Internet. The latest viral video doing the rounds is one that features Uggie performing tricks for Ellen De Generes on her talk show. The canine star does a number of cute acts on Ellen's show including riding a skateboard, pretending to be shy, playing dead (which earned him a lot of accolades in The Artist) and more. The audiences are heard fawning over his antics in the backdrop and it looks like everyone wants Uggie for themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225308", "title": "Anti-Jaitapur activists call for boycott", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-Jaitapur nuclear plant pitch rose a notch higher on Sunday with demonstrations and rallies against the nuclear power plant being held at a number of places across the state.To mark the first year of the Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan, demonstrations against Jaitapur project and other nuclear power projects were held in Thane, Raigad, Ratnagiri, Pune and Satara.In Ratnagiri district, where the plant is being set up, volunteers of Janhit Seva Samiti, a forum of locals objecting to the project, and the Shiv Sena staged a rally and held public meetings. Moving from one project affected village to another, volunteers addressed gatherings.Apart from reiterating the demand for the project's cancellation, a call for a social boycott was given. \"We urged people not to engage in work of supplying construction material and requirements for the plant,\" said Satyajit Chavan, a volunteer.In Thane, huge cut-outs were displayed by the Dharamarajyapaksh against the project at about five popular locations. Road demonstrations were also held in Pune, Raigad and Satara.Meanwhile, a seminar against use of nuclear energy is likely to be organized in Parel on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12227754", "title": "Did slow probe help erase data on Italian ship?", "text": "CHENNAI: A three-week delay in probing the killing of two Indian fishermen by Italian marines onboard a merchant vessel may have allowed the culprits to erase evidence of the midsea attack.Officials of the Directorate-General of Shipping (DGS) said even though Mercantile Marine Department (MMD) officials investigating the incident were informed that data stored in the vessel's Voyage Data Recorder (VDR) had been tampered with, they delayed the investigation to collect more evidence. A VDR is a ship's equivalent of an aircraft's black box and records data, including ship position and communications. The DGS officials said the MMD investigators had not even gone through the ship's log books and records of the vessel's movement, internet use, communications or satellite and radar information on the vessel.Sources on board Enrica Lexie said the vessel's VDR data had been tampered with much before it berthed in Kochi and MMD was informed of this by Indian sailors on board the ship. Nineteen of the ship's 34 crew members are Indian sailors.Radio experts of MMD Cochin analyzed the VDR data only on Tuesday. TOI had reported last week that VDR data had mysteriously gone missing from the vessel. A senior police officer investigating the case said the probe was being held up by the MMD report as the local police were not aware of the technical details of the vessel. \"They delayed the entire process,\" the officer said.Shipping and marine security expert Veeresh Mallik said the delay by the MMD, Cochin officials could have helped the culprits destroy crucial evidence. \"However,\" he said, \"the VDR data can still be retrieved with a certain software if the equipment on board is not damaged or replaced.\"A highly placed DGS official in Mumbai said the data could be recovered either with the help of an expert agency or the VDR manufacturer itself. \"The data should have been secured by the MMD much earlier. The captain of the vessel should be prosecuted for destruction of evidence. The MMD will be asked to explain the delay,\" said the official.Manoj Joy, national coordinator of Sailors Helpline, said Indian laws had been used effectively in the investigation of merchant vessel MV Prabhu Daya, suspected to have been involved in a collision with a boat, leading to the death of three fishermen. \"But MMD delayed the process for three weeks in the case of Italian vessel,\" he said. Cochin chief of MMD P John said the investigation was delayed due to various reasons. \"The vessel crew initially refused to cooperate. We are close to completing the investigation now and will move court to interrogate the arrested marines,\" John said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12225504", "title": "Counterfeit notes found", "text": "AKOLA: Two counterfeit currency notes each of Rs1000 denomination were found in Ramdaspeth branch of State Bank of India on Saturday. Branch manager Abbasi Morbi lodged a complaint and police registered the offence under section 48 a (B) against the unknown persons.Body of infant found on hospital premises:Body of a female infant was found on premises of general hospital on Friday. A dog had eaten up part of the infant's body and was dragging it, when it was seen by the watchman. It is suspected that an abortion might have taken place in general hospital. However, the medical official neglected the fact and only ordered to lodge the complaint.It was found that neither any woman had delivered a child nor was any woman found missing from the hospital.Police registered an offence under section 318 of IPC and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12227796", "title": "Madhya Pradesh to make RTI applicants cough up more, cut word count", "text": "BHOPAL: Faced with the 'problem' of managing flood of RTI applications, BJP government in Madhya Pradesh has mooted a proposal to double fees on application and appeal, raise fee for document copy and to impose other restrictions such as \"word count\" for each request-a move that could trigger protests from the supporters of the transparency law.By proposing to amend the relevant RTI rules, the government plans to increase the existing fee of Rs 10 per application to Rs 20, double the fee for first appeal from Rs 50 to Rs 100 and to make a five- fold increase in fee for second appeal. If the amendment comes through, anyone moving the second appeal before the state information commission would have to shell out Rs 500 as against the existing fee of Rs 100.Insiders say that the government is also planning to restrict to 150 the \"word limit\" per application and also to restrict the number of subjects to be mentioned in one application to ensure that only one subject is entertained by the Public Information Officers (PIO) at a time. Besides, sources claim that the new rules could also have a provision that anyone, filing an RTI application, should also furnish a copy of the photo identity card to check the possibility of applications being filed in pseudonymous names.Sources claimed that the state government is empowered to make rules under section 27 (1) and (2) of RTI Act 2005 which stipulate that the government may make rules to carry out the provisions of the Act to decide the cost the cost of the medium or print cost price of the materials to be disseminated and the fee payable and so on.Legislative Assembly secretariat in Chhattisgarh, another BJP ruled state, recently increased the RTI application fees by 900% from Rs 50 to Rs 500 and the increase in fees per document copy to Rs 15 per page had invited criticism from the National Campaign for Peoples' Right to Information (NCPRI) and others. Earlier, Central Information Commissioner Shailesh Gandhi had also written to Chhattisgarh chief minister, Speaker, and leader of the opposition to re-consider the decision to hike RTI fees.\"A proposal has come up at the government level. It's being examined. It's too premature to divulge any details\", official sources confirmed.RTI activist Ajay Dubey told TOI \"the state government is planning to make amendments in the RTI rules through a notification. The amendments being considered are against the very sprit of the transparency Act, aimed at introducing cumbersome procedures to discourage people from using the RTI tool to elicit information\".Dubey said he had already written a letter to the state Governor Ram Naresh Yadav, seeking his intervention to stall the proposed amendments as it would amount to defeating the very purpose the historic transparency Act.Few months ago, he said, state government had also misused section 24 (4) of the RTI Act to keep the special police establishment of the Lokayukta and the State Bureau of Investigation of Economic Offences (EOW) out of the purview of the RTI Act 2005 as both these anti-corruption agencies were dealing with sensitive cases involving politicians and bureaucrats. \"Till today, the state government has failed to put this notification before the state legislature, which is a mandatory requirement under section 24 (5) of the RTI Act, 2005\", he pointed out.\"Bad habits are easy to copy\", quipped Central Information Commissioner Shailesh Gandhi, who had protested against the Chhattisgarh legislative assembly secretariat, when his comments was sought on Madhya Pradesh move to increase RTI fees and introduce restrictions on word counts.He told TOI \"RTI itself is getting lesser attention in the country with the civil society being engaged in many other issues. World over rights of people, even the fundamental rights in many countries, are being expanded further\". \"We here are, unfortunately, trying to restrict the people's right on one pretext or the other. Civil society has to wake up to protest against any such moves\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225305", "title": "'Ban goes, but no boom for cotton growers'", "text": "NAGPUR: As the union commerce minister, Anand Sharma finally announced to lift the ban on cotton export, traders predict that the move is expected to only marginally benefit cultivators at this point of time.There are, however, conflicting estimates of the trends with farm activists expecting a spurt in the rates once the ban is lifted.With formal orders to be issued on Monday, the markets are likely to take one more day to reopen fully. Apprehending a further slide due to the ban, traders in cotton market yards across the region had stopped buying cotton since last one week.The rates had crashed soon after the ban was imposed, touching 3,300 a quintal on an average, which is same as the minimum support price (MSP) for the best grade of cotton. For lower grades, the prices had even touched 3,000 or below.Now, since the markets are expected to start again, traders say the rates may go up by a couple of hundred rupees or at the most by 300. It all depends on the international demand, they say.Farmers on the other hand are expected to play a wait and watch game instead of rushing to the markets with their stock, as it will bring only bring down the rates, say traders.Citing agents, farm activist Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti said that prices of lint (processed cotton) touched 34,600 a candy (365 kgs), with buyers exceeding sellers. With this, the prices of raw cotton is expected to go up by at least 700 a quintal, he said.Manohar Malpani of Malpani Cotton Private Limited, Adilabad, said, an announcement cannot influence trend much. \"The traders will wait for finer points of order. In any case, rates may only go up by 200-300 as the buyers will not be able to afford a higher rate and 4,000 a quintal seems to be a far cry,\" he said.Ravi Agrawal a trader in Paratwada of Amravati district said that first the international market will react with the prices coming down, however, an uptrend in India can be eventually expected as the export demand picks up. He added, \"Initially the rates may increase by 200 coming back to the original levels of 3500 to 3800 a quintal,\"Agrawal added, many farmers had held on to their stocks expecting better returns in March, but ban betrayed them.In Amravati at least 40% farmers held on to their stock. Agrawal said that a bullish trend in cotton seed prices may also pull up raw cotton rates, apart from the international demand.Jitendra Kothari, a businessman from Mukutban, a cotton-growing village in Yavatmal, said that cotton traders will also ensure that prices do not jump sporadically. \"They will restrict the buying of orders booked earlier, for which they will have offered the old prices,\" he added.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "shimla/dharamshala", "code": "12226987", "title": "HP may drop currency case against Karmapa", "text": "SHIMLA/DHARAMSHALA: The Himachal Pradesh government is considering dropping Tibetan spiritual leader Karmapa Ogyen Trinley Dorje's name from the foreign currency haul case where Rs 6 crore in Indian and foreign currency were recovered in a raid on Gyuto Monastery near Dharamshala.Una deputy commissioner recently forwarded a letter along with legal opinion of the prosecution wing to the state. Sources said the home department is considering whether the Karmapa's name could be excluded from the chargesheet under section 321 of the CrPC, which has the provision in which prosecution can request to exclude the name of an accused after getting a nod from the government.In the letter to the state government, the Una deputy commissioner had mentioned the observation of the prosecution wing, which had described the case as weak under section 120-B of the IPC, adding that there was no corroborative evidence.The state police, however, are opposing any move to exclude the name of Karmapa from the chargesheet, saying he was aware of the developments taking place in the trust. In the foreign currency haul case, state police had made 10 people accused in the chargesheet filed in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12226819", "title": "No water? Dial a neta to get tankers to your house", "text": "HYDERABAD: The worsening water supply situation has offered politicians with an opportunity to cash in on the crisis as it is no longer 'Dial A Tanker', more 'Dial A Neta' as citizens become more and more dependent on tanker water.Politicians are violating norms at will to divert tankers in a bid to please their constituents. As a result, those unfortunate enough not to have a politician intervening for them are being forced to wait for days on end for water even after booking a tanker.Customers usually dial the water board's Metro Customer Care (MCC) at 155313 and avail of the 'Dial A Tanker' service. The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) charges Rs 400 per 5,000 litre tanker, charging Rs 515 from non-domestic customers.But ministers, MLAs, corporators and VIPs bypass MCC using their clout to get tankers. They call up water board officials and direct them to send tankers to wherever they want delivery.According to MCC sources, the call centre received 20,613 requests for tankers in January out of which 20,425 were fulfilled. In February, around 8,500 requests were received of which 8,260 were fulfilled.In March, so far, MMC has received around 5,600 requests from all the operation and maintenance divisions combined but has been able to handle a mere 1,886 of them. \"Power cuts make for erratic supply to filling stations from the main sources. Politicians diverting tankers as they please has only added to the pendency. Areas in Kukatpally, Miyapur, Madhapur and Gachibowli get a tanker a week after booking it. On the other hand, Banjara Hills, Jubilee Hills, Khairatabad and Somajiguda customers are sent tankers within two days of booking,\" a water board official told TOI on condition of anonymity.In Old City, MLAs and corporators forcibly commandeer tankers from the Mir Alam filing station. And, they do not even bother to pay for these tankers, instead giving a little money to the tanker driver, the official added. In constituencies represented by ministers, it is their assistants who call up water board with a list of areas and the number of tankers to be supplied there. \"We cannot comment on this issue. We are only mute spectators,\" another senior HMWS&SB; official said.In a few areas like Kukatpally, Miyapur, Hafeezpet, Moosapet, Somajiguda and Begumpet, corporators directly approach water station in-charges with their tanker requirements. Each tanker makes eight trips a day but, based on demand, the number of trips can go up to 10, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "12227318", "title": "Jewish settlers agree to evacuate West Bank outpost", "text": "JERUSALEM: Jewish settlers signed an agreement with the Israeli government on Sunday to leave the biggest illegal outpost in the occupied West Bank and move to a nearby site after months of negotiations to avoid their forced removal.The 50 families from the Migron settlement welcomed the deal with coalition government, comprised mainly of pro-settler parties, saying it would avoid the unpleasant scenes seen in past evictions.But campaigners against Jewish settlements on land claimed by Palestinians described the deal as a disgrace, as the families had been allowed to relocate to another already-established West Bank settlement a few kilometres away.The long dispute over Migron has revealed a contradiction at the heart of the Jewish state - despite publicly endorsing the notion of an independent Palestinian nation, successive Israeli governments have nurtured settlements on the very land that the Palestinians claim as theirs.Over the past decade the government has spent at least 4 million shekels ($1.1 million) on establishing and maintaining the cluster of squat, prefab bungalows at Migron.But in an unprecedented ruling in August 2011, Israel's Supreme Court told the government to evacuate Migron, 32 km (20 miles) east of Jerusalem, by March 31, 2012, saying the land belonged to Palestinians.About 500,000 Israelis and 2.5 million Palestinians live in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , areas Israel captured from Jordan in the 1967 war that Palestinians want for a future state together with the Gaza Strip.Palestinians say the settlements will deny them a viable state and demand a total freeze in settlement building before peace negotiations with Israel, frozen for over a year, can restart.Migron is the largest of more than 100 outposts built without official Israeli government authorization in the West Bank that are home to almost 2,000 people.\"This agreement is intended to fulfill the Supreme Court ruling and to prevent unpleasant scenes that we have seen in other places where there was an eviction and demolition of houses ... The government has taken responsibility for a settlement that it erected,\" Migron settlers' spokesman Itai Hemo said.A spokeswoman for the anti-settlement advocacy group Peace Now called the agreement \"a disgrace\".\"This agreement is no less than a disgrace. The government of Israel is actually saying 'We will not evict Migron, we will not do what the Supreme Court told us. And we will give in to any settlers' threat ... It sends a message that Israel (does not want) peace (and will) build more settlements,\" Peace Now's Hagit Ofran said.The new site allocated to the settlers is on land that is not under private Palestinian ownership, Israeli officials said.While the United Nations deems all Jewish settlements in the region to be illegal, Israel backs 120 official settlements, home to about 310,000 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12225900", "title": "Grandpa lost custody case", "text": "KOLKATA: Priyanka had married Paikpara resident Shyamal Mallick a few years ago, however, their relationship soured in a couple of years and they started living separately. Priyanka shifted to a rented apartment ith the boy. She is still fighting a divorce case in court.Finding Priyanka incapable of taking care of the boy, her father Pratyosh Haldar had taken away Ritesh for a while. But Priyanka kept squabbling with her father and finally took the child away from him. Haldar then filed for custody of his grandson, but lost the case. Since then, Ritesh had been living with his mother.Priyanka will be produced in Sealdah court on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12226534", "title": "Hear victim before passing order: Court tells SDM", "text": "PANAJI: The assistant sessions court at Panaji recently set aside an order passed by a sub divisional magistrate referring a victim girl to the state protective home at Merces. She was rescued by the crime branch after a raid on Club Virgin at Calangute in 2011.The court has directed the magistrate to hold an inquiry into the matter after giving the victim girl an opportunity of being heard. The victim had filed an appeal against the order passed on December 26, 2011, stating that the SDM had not complied with the provisions of the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act, 1956.\"A reading of the impugned order would make it evident that the sub divisional magistrate had taken into consideration the minutes prepared by the panel of members constituted under Section 17 (5) of the Act.Similarly, the records do not reveal that the SDM had given an opportunity to the victim girl of being heard and as such, I am of the considered opinion that the impugned order cannot be sustained,\" judge Sherin Paul observed.The court also noted that the records do not reveal that a probation officer was appointed to inquire about the circumstances as enumerated under Section 17 (2) of the said Act.On December 5, 2011, the crime branch had conducted a raid on the club at Calangute and rescued 14 female victims as they were allegedly forced into prostitution against their will by the accused persons.The SDM had passed the order on a report forwarded by the crime branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12234098", "title": "Madhavan, Arya in 'Bhale Thammudu'", "text": "Tamil film's being dubbed into Telugu have been the flavor of the month. Be it \"Malligadu\", \"Eka Veera\", \"Raenigunta\", \"Khiladi\" they all belong to the same category.The Madhavan - Arya starrer Vettai is also set to join that list soon.The Telugu version will be called Bhale Thammudu, touted to be an action-drama. \"The film is essentially a touching tale of two brothers. It has been a recurring theme in Tollywood and which is why we decided to release the film in Telugu as well. The film is loaded with commercial elements like action, sentiment and masala, the stuff that is typically appreciated by audiences here. The film was a blockbuster in Tamil and we are confident that it will find appreciation here as well,\" says G Dhanunjaya, a representative of UTV, which produced the film.Sameera Reddy and Amala Paul play the female leads in this film directed by Linguswamy. Yuvan Shankar Raja has composed the music for the film. It is learnt that the production house is planning to remake the film in Hindi as well. Now that will be something to look forward to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229571", "title": "Sreekumar's condition stable, remains on ventilator", "text": "The condition of Malayalam film actor Jagathy Sreekumar, who was admitted to a hospital here after he met with a road accident, is stable, doctors attending on him.The condition of the actor, who underwent an emergency surgery after the accident on March 10, \"is stable at present\", Dr Abdullah Cheriakkat, Managing Director, Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences Hospital, where he is undergoing treatment, told reporters in Kozhikode today.The 61-year actor, who suffered multiple injuries in chest, abdomen and leg, was responding to medicines well and his blood pressure and functioning of kidneys are normal.However, he will continue to remain in ventilator for a couple of days more, he said. He said surgeries for correction of right thigh and right arm fractures would be done \"most probably\" tomorrow depending on his condition.Sreekumar,who has acted in over 1,000 films doing a variety of roles, largely as a comedian, met with the accident on his way to Kodagu in Karnataka for the shooting of a new movie when his car rammed into the road median and overturned at nearby Tenhippalam in wee hours on March 10.Works on about 10 projects in which Sreekumar figures are held up in view of the accident, sources in film industry said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "12226515", "title": "Five Rameswaram fishermen still languishing in Lankan prison", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Five fishermen from Thankachimadam who were held by Sri Lankan police on drug peddling charges are still languishing in prison there as the legal suite against them was repeatedly prolonging their hearings.Emerson, Agustus, Wilson, Langlet, Prasad, all under 30 years of age, were detained by the Sri Lankan Navy near Neduntheevu islet on November 28 and the Lankan police later arrested them on drug peddling charges. They were produced in the court and sent to Jaffna prison. The Mallagam Court on December 5 extended their remand till December 19 and once again extended the remand till January 2. Fishermen in Ramanathapuram said that the court again extended their remand till January 16 which was later extended to February 1 and another hearing has been scheduled on March 15. The boat belonging to the fishermen is also held in Sri Lanka.\"The five fishermen from Thankachimadam were held on false case of drug peddling and locked up in prison there. We are holding talks with the fishermen associations in Sri Lanka and the state government is proceeding with the case by appointing the counsels there. We are in touch with the fishermen in the prison as well,\" Devadoss said. Vijayarangan, a clerk with the Ramanathapuram Mechanised Boat Fishermen Association who was in touch with the families of the detained fishermen said that the boat belonged to Gladwin of Thankachimadam and Emerson was his brother. The brothers had two boats and the family was managing with a single boat for their livelihood. \"The plight of the families of other fishermen is even worse as most of them were daily workers and the sole bread winners in the families. They are passing days with the hope that the fishermen will return soon,\" he said. \"Recently, we received information that Emerson who had a health complaint was moved to a hospital from the prison. We received a fax asking a family member to accompany him in the hospital,\" he said. tnnVijayarangan also said that neighbours of the fishermen were being supportive to the families as everyone in the locality believed that the fishermen would have never been involved in drug peddling and they were being held on false charges, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12226707", "title": "Airport neighbours stare at water crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: Areas such as New Baba Nagar connected to the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport through the Srisailam highway have seen an impressive appreciation of real estate prices over the last few years. The prosperity the new airport has brought about, however, does not reflect in the civic amenities here. Residents say that even after 15 years, the area has no water connection, drainage lines and roads.In what they describe as 'an act of tokenism', the authorities had dug just one borewell to cater to the entire area; a water tank, they say, remains a far cry. Now, with the borewell drying up and the scorching heat beating down their necks, they are forced to go without water for days. Mohammed Maqbool from Street No. 7 of New Baba Nagar says that it is impossible for a family of six to live on just two buckets of water a day.While laying of underground water pipelines began in January, work is still incomplete. Residents of the area say that they are tired of requesting officials to address their problems. President of New Baba Nagar Welfare Association, Syed Salam-ur-Rahman says, \"Sarpanch Narsimha Reddy had visited the area before elections more than three and a half years ago but we haven't seen his face ever since. The authorities only promise but do not deliver.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227641", "title": "Luxury in the air", "text": "With the luxury market growing in the last three to four years, the Institute of Apparel Management has launched a new course on strategic fashion and luxury retailing. The aim of the course is to provide students with a perspective on macro and micro strategic insights to equip them to run luxury business, not only on a day-to-day basis but also in terms of making larger business decisions.\"So far, the industry has relied on self-learning systems . Now, with information technology strengthening the link between quality, price and brand image, it is important that the information is disseminated to the right audience through informed employees. The fashion and luxury segment, henceforth, would require specialised knowledge of 'aspirational products' and related issues. This course provides an additional employment avenue to fresh and working professionals to go back to the classroom for understanding the nuances of luxury retailing and take them to the board rooms,\" says Darlie Koshy, director general and CEO, IAM and The Apparel Training and Design Centre (ATDC).The six-month programme covers an overview of the luxury market, product DNAs, marketing and brand building , product knowledge, etc. \"The programme will be taught in a modular format, combining contact classes, simulation teaching through IAM's Fashion Innovation Lab (FIL), action learning, projects and case studies with interesting pedagogical mixture. Students will have access to the well profiled resource centre and FIL Labs, forecasting workshops, participation in Fashion Weeks, workshops by international experts on fashion and luxury, etc, along with an opportunity to attend other workshops at the institute . This programme focuses on mentorship and handson learning modules,\" informs Koshy.Faculty for the course would be drawn from in-house experts and visiting faculty from IAM's partner institutions abroad like Mod'Spe , Paris. Initially, the programme will have a selective intake of 10-15 students. Talking about eligibility criteria, Koshy says that a student should be keen to study the subject and have two to three years of working experience in retail, luxury or allied areas.-Aditi Issac", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12226267", "title": "26-yr-old engineer found hanging", "text": "GURGAON: An engineer was found hanging in his room in Saraswati Vihar on Sunday afternoon. The police are yet to find a reason for the suspected suicide.According to the police, 26-year-old Dhruv Kumar, a native of Nehru Nagar, Jaipur, was working with a private firm in Udyog Vihar. He joined the company around five months ago and was living in Saraswati Vihar near Chakkarpur village with his three friends.None of his flat mates was in the house when Dhruv allegedly committed suicide as all of them had gone to their native place for Holi celebrations.On Sunday afternoon, neighbours saw him hanging in his room from the open windows and informed the police who reached the spot around 12.30 pm.Police have taken the dead body for postmortem and the victim's family members have been informed.\"We have not received any suicide note and his friends were not at home when the incident took place. We are investigating all the different aspects of the case,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12227818", "title": "Chain worth Rs 80,000 snatched", "text": "PUNE: Police presence on the road after six chain-snatching incidents on Saturday did not deter an unidentified thief from snatching a gold chain worth Rs 80,000 from a senior citizen early on Sunday morning at Prabhat Road.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Anjali Mendadkar (78) of Sanskriti Apartment, Prabhat Road, with the Deccan Gymkhana police station.The Deccan Gymkhana police said the incident took place when Anjali Mendadkar (78) of Sanskriti Apartment, Prabhat Road was out for her morning walk. A suspect on a motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 80,000.The complainant told the police that the suspect was on a red motorcycle. Police inspector S P Patil is investigating the case.On Saturday, five incidents of chain-snatching took place in the city between 11.30 am and 4 pm. Gold chains together worth Rs 1.71 lakh were snatched in the incidentsIn another incident on the riverbed road, a gold chain worth Rs 30,000, belonging to Sindhu Randhir (37) of Tadiwala Road was snatched. Randhir had parked her two-wheeler near the Gokuldas Maharaj Samadhi temple. When she came to take her vehicle, two suspects on another two-wheeler picked up a fight with her over parking space. One of them yanked her chain worth Rs 30,000 and the two fled with it, said sub-inspector R J Karpe of the Shivajiangar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227301", "title": "Man gets 10-year RI for raping infant", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to 10 years' rigorous imprisonment for the rape of five-month-old girl, calling it a \"ghastly and inhuman act\". Additional sessions judge (ASJ) Kamini Lau said the case \"where the five-monthold girl was subjected to unwanted physical contact by a perverted male adult, was a glaring example of the growing menace of sexual abuse of young children.\"The court sent northwest Delhi resident Sonu,18, to jail for raping the infant, who was also his distant relative. In addition, it imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 on him while stipulating that, if recovered, the amount should be paid to the infant's mother as compensation. The court said medical reports brought out the extent of brutality inflicted on the baby by the convict.\"The infant aged five months in the case was a soft and vulnerable target. Sonu has taken advantage of a helpless and defenceless child, who could not even try to escape or express herself and was an easy and vulnerable prey.\"She must have undergone immense physical pain and agony when the offence was committed. In spite of the tender age of the infant, the convict went on to commit the ghastly, abominable, inhuman and barbaric act of rape, violating the person of the infant and giving a lifelong trauma to her family,\" said the court. According to the prosecution, Sonu, in June last year, visited the house of the infant's maternal grandmother and took her away with him, saying he would leave her at her house with her mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230633", "title": "I\u2019m not afraid of colors: Asin", "text": "Asin shares her Style Quotient...What is your style quotient? Everyone's personal style evolves based on upbringing, exposure, influences, personality, etc. Style is subjective. I think my style is uncomplicated, classic and elegant. I don't follow trends as I like wearing what suits me. Also, I dress according to my mood.What are the colors you prefer? I'm not afraid of colors. In fact, I love them. I like experimenting and wear funky colors for fun. My favorite colors are red and black, though.Your must-have accessories? Definitely a pair of nude peep-toes stilettos and a little black dress. Black heels are a must-have too. I love to splurge on bags and have growing collection of them.Your idea of party wear? It depends on the kind of party I'm attending, but I think a chic dress works wonders. As far as time is concerned, it depends on the event. If it's a professional appearance, I take longer to get dressed than when I'm popping over to a friend's party.Your little experiments in style? I've started taking a keen interest in experimenting with my style. At a recent awards show, I opted for a printed Stella McCartney gown. It was not the usual pageant-y or sequined sheath. Such a look has not been tried on the Indian red carpet before, so there is always a first time.Best fashion buy? Without a doubt, a beautiful day bag.Best fashion trend? Statement neckpieces.Worst fashion trend? Platform heels.Most extravagant purchase? I once bought a winter jacket on one of my travels abroad - definitely an extravagant purchase because I hardly have any use for it since I live in Mumbai!What designer item/s are on your fashion wishlist? Victoria Beckham's new Spring-Summer 2012 line, as it has the most beautiful handbags.If you had just two minutes to put together the perfect outfit, what would it be? A white shirt, skinny jeans and nude ballet flats would make for a perfect casual look. Also, a LBD is definitely a perfect twominute party option, because you can never go wrong with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12228093", "title": "State\u2019s IT sector urges Centre to extend SEZ policy", "text": "INDORE: With Indore fast emerging as an information technology (IT) hub in Madhya Pradesh , state's IT sector has urged the Centre to extend the SEZ policy for another year as it will help boost the sector's growth.Apart from TCS and Infosys, there are a host of local and global firms have evinced interest in venturing into the state's IT sector.The SEZ policy of the Centre, which comes to an end later this month, has already covered TCS' forthcoming project in Indore and in the case of Infosys, the topic has already been scheduled in the agenda of the crucial meeting of the board of approval committee of the Centre. The committee is headed by Union commerce secretary Rahul Khullar and the crucial meeting of the board is to be held in New Delhi on March 13.The SEZ status will mean complete waiver on corporate tax, which normally comes to be at around 30-35% for the first five years of their operation. However, unlike the smaller ones, the large companies will continue to pay the minimum alternate tax (MAT), which is around 17-18% of their turnover.\"As an industry, we are expecting all the benefits and incentives that are being given by the government to the industry to continue during the next fiscal also,\" said an industry expert, requesting anonymity. The idea was to allow the industry to prosper without any dilution. To elaborate it, the industry wants to get SEZ benefits and tax concessions.\"We are hoping that the budget stirs government's domestic IT spend, especially in the area of e-governance. It is an irony that a huge sum of amount, which is given by the Centre to the states in the name of e-governance, is returned to it as the states don't spend it,\" added the expert.When it comes to the state, it wants to have a substantial growth on the front for the next fiscal. A senior official of the state government told TOI on condition of anonymity, \"I don't think if we were unable to reach the projected target on the front for the current fiscal. However, we are waiting for the budget to know how much money was being allocated by the Centre under what segment of IT.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12226582", "title": "Stars shine bright in Sankarankoil", "text": "Sankarankoil: Superstar Rajnikant, the most sought after actor by political parties, has not voiced his support for any party in the Sankarankoil by poll. Ilayathalapathi Vijay too has maintained a stoic silence despite extending support to the AIADMK during the assembly elections. But amidst those blaring speakers and blistering heat in Sankarankoil, star power sure offers some relief to the voter from the high-voltage rhetoric of politicians. From Samathuva Makkal Katchi leader Saratkumar, MP Napoleon and actor Khushboo, to comedians Senthil and Vaiyapuri, over a dozen film stars are battling for the DMK and the AIADMK in the dusty roads of the temple town.\"I know what you are going to ask me. Amma is setting everything right. You will be getting uninterrupted electricity soon,'' tells comedian Senthil to the crowd of curious women and children and elderly in Kakkan Nagar. The moment he felt people were convinced, Senthil began DMK-bashing in his inimitable squeaky voice. \"What has Karunanidhi done for you, except making corruption omnipresent in the state. His daughter Kanimozhi had outshined him. While Karunanidhi confined his activities to the state, Kanimozhi went national and landed up in Tihar,\" Senthil went on as the crowd cheered.Kushboo, who has garnered more attention than most DMK campaigners, has already got a case registered against her for violating the election code of conduct when she spoke at a place in Sankarankoil where no permission was accorded. She also earned the wrath of BJP men, who had obtained permission there to speak. But the actor seems undeterred.\"Just recollect the welfare scheme implemented by Thalaivar Kalaignar. None of the schemes, including the life saving health insurance scheme are implemented by the present regime. You should teach a lesson to the AIADMK by voting for the DMK candidate,'' she appeals even as the youth and old alike attempt to take a photograph of her on their cellphones.Napoleon strikes a chord with the voters by often breaking into songs explaining the achievements of the DMK.SaratKumar, now donning the role of Samathuva Makkal Katchi founder president, is more suave. \"You taught a lesson to the DMK by defeating them in the assembly election. Teach a similar lesson now,\" he tells the villagers as he accompanies the AIADMK candidate S Muthuselvi in Thevarkulam and goes on to explain the AIADMK government's welfare schemes. DMK MP J K Ritheesh, actor Kuyili and Vagai Chandrasekar have also joined the bandwagon.However, it is not just the superstar alone that the voters are missing , but comedian Vadivelu too. Vadivelu, who had become the star campaigner for the DMK during the last assembly elections, was conspicuously absent during the Sankarankoil campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12227651", "title": "Government failed to file objections in High Court", "text": "BANGALORE: The government failed to submit objections in the writ petition filed by Yeddyurappa in the high court seeking the quashing of an FIR against him in an illegal mining case. The allegation was that the former chief minister received kickbacks from a mining company to show undue favours.Quashing the FIR, a division bench of Justices K Bhakthavatsala and K Govindarajulu said: \"Respondent No 2 (the state of Karnataka ) did not file a statement of objections and the learned high court government pleader, Revathy Adinath Narde, didn't submit any arguments.\"\"The advocate-general asked me not to file anything as per instructions he received from the state,\" Narde told TOI.However, respondent Nos 1 and 3, the Karnataka Lokayukta and the anti-corruption institution's superintendent of police, filed a joint statement of objections stating that the writ petition was not maintainable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12225522", "title": "Three injured in group clash", "text": "AMRAVATI: Three persons were injured in a group clash which erupted over a trivial issue at Anjangaon-Surji village, near Amravati on Saturday. According to information three persons were heading on a bike when their bike brushed another person who was standing on the road side.A quarrel took place between the four people. Soon the quarrel took an ugly turn and culminated into a group clash. Members of both the groups exchanged blows. Three persons - Imroddin Badroddin (20), Sayyed Imran Sayyed Hanif (22) and Mohammad Juber Mohammad Jabir (13) - got injured and were admitted to rural hospital.The situation was brought under control by the police deployed on bandobast duty for Shiv Jayanti procession. Later both factions registered police complaints against each other. Police too have registered a case and booked members of both the groups under relevant section of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12227610", "title": "Kalam donates Rs25L for mobile labs", "text": "PATNA: Former President A P J Abdul Kalam has donated Rs 25 lakh of his S R Jindal award money for the cause of propagating scientific knowledge among children studying in the rural schools of the state. The money would be utilized in launching mobile science laboratories in rural schools of the state. NGOs Agastya International Foundation and Viksit Bharat Foundation, Bihar branch, have been assigned the task in this regard.Two more mobile science laboratories would be launched in the state with the help of Kalam's funds. These would be in addition to the one currently in operation in the rural schools of Darbhanga and Madhubani districts. The additional mobile labs are expected to be made operational before the onset of monsoon this year.Kalam has been awarded with the S R Jindal Prize money of Rs 1 crore for the year 2011 for his \"Exemplary service to the mankind in the area of science &amp; technology\". A part of the award money has already been given to the former president to accomplish his dream project of inculcating scientific spirit and quest among children keen on demystifying natural sciences.The mobile lab launched in 2010 has already covered 14 high schools and 28 middle schools in the flood-affected areas of rural Bihar in the Kosi-Kamla Balan belt. The schools include six Kasturba Gandhi girls' middle schools and project high schools run by the state government.\"With the help of the mobile science laboratory, scientific knowledge was imparted to nearly 15,000 students of these schools. The move was highly appreciated by students, teachers, guardians and the members of the intelligentsia,\" Kalam's friend and project leader M V Verma said.A large number of students visited their schools even during holidays once they learnt about the mobile lab's visit to their respective institutions. Some of the students even took the pain of crossing the two embankments of river Kosi by boats in Saharsa district or covered around 8-10 km on foot to visit their schools and witness scientific experiments being conducted in the mobile labs, Verma told TOI.The Agastya International Foundation is a Bangalore-based education trust which seeks to transform and stimulate the thinking of rural children and teachers. The foundation offers hands-on experience in science education to students of rural government schools in Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "12226643", "title": "A gourmet meal with handy stuff", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: On one recent morning at the most venerated address of the city, a lady wearing a black printed apron with Italian art by Renaissance artists is at work to serve her family something that will make them smack lips again. Rajni Bectora??s culinary skills coupled with entrepreneurship cunning has set up the countrya??s most famous food company but her kitchen looks nothing more than ordinary.Wares ranging from regular omelette pans, platters, batter pots, round non-stick sauce pans and some cookers sit on the slab in plenty. Except two electric ovens and a chimney, all modern-day food processors, grinders, beaters, mixers and toasters are surprisingly absent.\"My cooking is about innovation from limited resources. It does not have fancy machines but a lot of handy utensils,\"says the 70-year-old, who is famously known through snack foods, buns, blends and condiments as \"Mrs Bector.\"From making ice cream in a hand churner to a factory turning out 2,50,000 buns a day for McDonalds, Rajni says she still is proud of being a \"housewife without any fancy degree or an MBA stamp.\"So when the request for this housewife is made to serve something entirely homemade, she rummages through mental notes of her signature baking recipe. \"It will be the lip-smacking Baked Alaska,\"she decides, while sharing how she had randomly discovered it while on a trip to the United States . \"Baked Alaska is breakfast savoury with three layers of omelettes with equal number of fillings placed over each one of them,\"she tells. Her quick hand in the kitchen is now obvious. Onions, tomatoes and carrots are chopped together on a cutting board with a serrated parer. She reaches for the pile of peeling knives, spatulas, scrapers and turners lying close to the bowls and vegetables. \"If you have basic essentials then cooking is childa??s play,\"she announces gripping the sauce pan with a locking tong and putting it on the stove. \"...Or may be an adult joy,\" she adds.Among the fillings, the first one is made with a cup of boiled peas, cream and mint leaves. Next, chopped onions are sauteed in vegetable oil for a few minutes. Grated carrots, tomatoes and coriander leaves are then added with quick measurements. Simultaneously, Rajni picks up eggs, butter cubes and green chillies. There are no electric beaters so the prim and proper lady whisks away.When the omelettes are ready, they are put in a tray one by one followed by each filling and left to be baked in the oven whose inside has now become rusted with use. \"Isna??t cooking fun,\"she asks after 20 minutes of baking time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12227608", "title": "Tributes to martyr Jubba Sahni", "text": "PATNA: Rich tributes were paid to martyr Jubba Sahni at a state function organized to mark his death anniversary at the SK Memorial Hall premises on Sunday.Transport, information and public relations department (IPRD) minister Brishen Patel paid floral tributes to the picture of Sahni. Bihar Child Rights Protection Commission member Shivshankar Nishad, Rajya Sabha member Anil Sahni and others also paid floral tributes to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "paridupet (nizamabad)", "code": "12226765", "title": "Naidu gets a taste of Telangana ire in Nizamabad", "text": "PARIDUPET (NIZAMABAD): Despite his efforts to buy peace with Telangana protagonists by asserting he was never against the formation of separate Telangana, TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu tasted the ire of T activists at Paridupet village of Machareddy mandal in Nizamabad district on Sunday while campaigning for party candidate Nittu Venugopal Rao in Kamareddy constituency.Telangana sympathisers threw stones and slippers on his convoy when he was addressing the gathering in this small village. Trouble began when a group started raising slogans \"Andhra Babu go back.\" Police deployed in large numbers tried to disperse them, but members of another group hurled stones and slippers at Naidu's vehicle.TDP activists ran after the T-activists and the situation turned tense. Police lathicharged the agitators injuring four persons. Telangana sympathisers raised slogans against the TDP supremo again at Machareddy mandal headquarters when he went there to address a roadside meeting. In Bhiknoor, a farmer tried to obstruct his speech to protest the 'false promises' made to the farming community.Earlier, addressing roadside meetings at Bhiknoor and Domakonda mandals, Naidu launched a scathing attack on TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao alleging that he had entered into a nexus with YSR Congress party president Y S Jaganmohan Reddy. \"TRS workers obstructed my tour in Warangal and other districts. But KCR gave a red carpet welcome to Jagan and supplied men to his three-day Rythu Deeksha held in Armoor and 'reimbursement fee deeksha' in Hyderabad by taking huge money from the latter,\" the TDP chief alleged.Stating that there was no link between the coming byelection and separate statehood, he reiterated that he was not against Telangana. \"I have never talked against the formation of separate Telangana and will not do so in future too,\" he said. He blamed the Congress for dilly-dallying on the Telangana issue. He said the Congress is encouraging Jagan in Andhra and KCR in Telangana region to wipe out the TDP. \"But we will come back strong as people are with us,\" he thundered.Sources said members of self-help groups and other women were paid Rs 200 each to participate in Naidu's rally. Naidu said he was 'overwhelmed' by the presence of the good number of women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227334", "title": "Jazz bands to sway city at Nehru Park", "text": "NEW DELHI: Musicians from India and abroad will take the open-air stage at Nehru Park for the weekend starting March 16, for an international jazz festival. During the three days, for no charge, jazz enthusiasts and music lovers will have renditions by some world-class musicians in the serene ambience at the park.This year marks the second edition of the festival, which was conceived last year by Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) to commemorate 100 years of Delhi, and give the city a jazz festival on the lines of those in cities like Montreal, London, Stockholm, and Edinburg.\"Last year about 10,000 people attended the festival, which proves there is an audience for it. The bands, Indian and international, have been carefully selected to reflect the ethos of the city,\" says Dr Suresh Goel, director general, ICCR, which organized the festival in collaboration with Seher.The performers this year include Wojtec Mazolewski Quintet from Poland; HFT, Moonarra, and The Louiz Banks Matrixx from India ; Dini Virsaladze Quartet from Georgia; Elkano Browning Cream from Spain; Eol Trio from France; Bica-Daerr-Stick from Germany; and Magos Herrara from Mexico. Each day, starting at 6.30pm, three bands will take the stage.Apart from the live shows at the venue, there will also be live webcast on all three days to make the festival truly global. Last year, over 8,500 people from 21 countries including France, Belgium, Canada, United States of America, United Kingdom, Pakistan, Morocco, Italy, and Singapore virtually attended the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12227876", "title": "Solar power to light up railway stations in Jodhpur division", "text": "JAISALMER: Railway stations under the Jodhpur division will be lit up using solar energy soon under a plan being made in this regard. Discussions for the pilot project have already started and initially a few railway stations will be selected for this experiment, where solar panels will be put up to generate power supply.Apart from this, work will be started on three types of action plan to eliminate unmanned railway crossings by 2015, Jodhpur division rail manager (DRM) R K Jain said.During his stay in Jaisalmer, Jain said there is a need of running AC trains looking at the increasing number of tourists to destinations like Jaisalmer, Jodhpur and Jaipur among others. Jain said he has already talked to senior officers in this regard. Proposals have been sent to increase the trips of some current trains and to start new trains towards south from the Jodhpur division, he said.On the dedicated freight corridor (DFC), the DRM said the rail ministry has started work at the high-level for the corridor. After laying new tracks under the DFC, new long-distance trains for Jaipur, Mumbai and Delhi among others will be started.Talking about modernization, Jain said work is in progress under which the signal system has been upgraded. Under the multi-stroke colour light system, new signal systems have been set up at many stations between Jodhpur and Jaipur, he said.Similarly, the old mechanized signal system between Raikabagh and Phalodi railway stations from Jodhpur to Jaisalmer is being changed to the new system.He said around 272 unmanned railway crossings out of a total of 500 railway crossings under Jodhpur division are being eliminated by taking up three types of action plan. All of 272 unmanned railway crossings will be eliminated by 2012. Efforts would also be made to get solution on a few unmanned gates by constructing railway over bridges and guards will be appointed at some of the few unmanned gates, Jain said.The DRM said e-banking has been started for paying salaries to employees of the Jodhpur division and now salaries of around 92% of them are directly credited in their bank accounts.On the lack of loco pilots in the Jodhpur division, Jain said 45 new loco pilots have been appointed and at present training is being imparted to them. By April this year, these loco pilots will be deployed and apart from this, approval has been received for 45 other loco pilots.Jain further said the start Suryanagari express from Jaisalmer is not possible but efforts are being made to set up sleeper and AC coaches on trains from Bikaner. He added that all possible efforts would be made to check touts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225280", "title": "Can Mr Treasurywalla tighten his belt his &amp; coffers?", "text": "MUMBAI: Rustom Readymoney switched off the engine of his perfectly maintained Fiat , swung out his pale hairy legs and locked the door, going round the car thrice to check that all the doors were indeed secure. At precisely the same moment, Peston Parsimoney roared in on his Royal Enfield, and joined his old school friend, and fellow card-player at the Dadar Parsi Gymkhana. Thumping him on his back, he said, \"Eh sala Rustom, why are these b... c... parjaats making such a royal ruckus? Our Bombay Parsi Punchayet trustees are perfectly right in telling the high court that the definition of a poor Parsi is a person who earns less than Rs 50,000 a month.\"Rustom's prominent Adam's apple did a vigorous bungee jump of agreement. \"Yes, these non-Parsis simply don't know the minimum requirements of our glorious race.\"The two men straightened their impeccable Bombay Dyeing shirts and walked into the club verandah, past the dozing octogenarians in the easychairs. They instinctively stopped for a few flirtatious exchanges with the 'mailas', the young women whose ivory legs were kept perfectly waxed by Behroze Billimoria, who, like the many Dadar Parsi Colony beauticians, operated out of her spacious, subsidised Trust flats.Messrs Readymoney and Parsimoney ordered a mint tea, a plate of crisps made by the Parsi-owned Camy Wafers and kolmi na kawab. When they arrived, Rustom looked down his long nose at the club's signature spicy shrimp balls. and said, \"This m.... c... new caterer is really shortchanging us. Sala, they should be called 'scrimp balls',\" he added, slapping his thighs and guffawing loudly at his own joke.They then turned serious over a subject hotter than Perin Kaki's pomfret curry. Messrs Readymoney and Parsimoney simply couldn't understand why the media was going on and on about the Bombay Parsi Punchayet's idea of the poverty line. Said Readymoney, \"Everyone else thinks we Parsis are chikaar chichoriwala, rolling in money. But they look up to us because we maintain the high standard of living that our baap dada (God bless their souls) have set for the community. Should we start living like some altu-faltus? Have we made bheja na cutlace (cutlets) of our brains?\"The prospect of this made Readymoney and Parsimoney switch from tea to beer. Just then, they were joined by Tehmton Treasurywalla, who shuffled in looking like a depleted coffer. He endorsed the BPP's BPL benchmark and agreed that the rest of the country was talking through its topi if it thought that anything less than 50K could keep body and soul together. \"We are used to the Wadia wads in our grandmother's steel Godrej, and you can't expect us to say Tata to all that,\" he grumbled, shamelessly plagiarising the joke that had been doing the rounds ever since the Parsi Punchayet's gobsmacker definition of poverty hit the newsrooms.Parsimoney belched out his protest and a bit of prawn: \"Do you know what it costs to keep my daughter, the doll jevi Daulat in Shiamak Davar's dancing classes? Do you expect the apple of his mother's eye, apro Gym Jimmy to forgo his body-building classes? Are we to go on a starvation diet and stop our six-egg masala no poro for breakfast, have no fish for lunch every day and no gos in our masoor for dinner? Oh Khodai! God forbid,\" he exclaimed, snapping his fingers thrice to ward off such a dire destiny.Stuffing a fistful of wafers into his mouth, Readymoney chipped in \"Do you know how many cases I am fighting with my kanjoos-makkhichoos landlord, and how much that nalayak Soli Solicitor charges me for all this litigation. Sala, he's supposed to be my sister-in-law's second cousin's son? Why, even that Homi Homeopath has tripled his fees; may he choke on his own Nux Vomica.\"The thought of falling into Below Parsi Line penury was enough to turn Readymoney, Parsimoney and Treasurywala off their third beer. It was a prospect more depressing than the community dying out. Or even worse, their daughter running off with a non-Parsi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12227556", "title": "Man dies as mud wall collapses", "text": "KANPUR: A 25-year-old man identified as Rajiv alias Deepu of Ambedkar village in Mitai Newada in Rasoolabad in Ramabainagar district was buried alive when the mud wall of his house caved in while he was dismantling it on Sunday.According to official sources, Rajiv along with his father was removing the old mud wall of his house for erecting a new one.All of a sudden, the wall caved in and Rajiv was buried alive. The villagers pulled him out. He was rushed to a nearby hospital, where the doctors declared him dead.Fire: Nearly half-a-dozen houses were gutted in two fire incidents in Ramabai Nagar district, on Sunday.In the first incident in Khamhaila village, the fire first broke out in the house of Raj Bahadur and soon engulfed two more houses in the vicinity.The district officials said that affected families will be provided compensation.In the second incident, the fire took place in Dibair ki Madaiyya village at the house of Ehbaran. The fire soon spread to nearby houses of Pramod and Zahar Singh.The SDM said that dumping of dry grass for fodder inside the houses fuelled the blaze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagarkurnool", "code": "12226749", "title": "Egg attack on Babu Mohan", "text": "NAGARKURNOOL: Former actor and Telugu Desam Party (TDP) leader Babu Mohan was in for some embarrassment when Telangana activists hurled eggs and stones at his convoy on Sunday while canvassing for party candidate Marri Janardhan Reddy.As soon as his vehicle reached the spot where the former MLA was holding a road show, hundreds of T-activists gathered to shout slogans against what they described as TDP's 'two-eye' policy on Telangana. They pelted stones and eggs at his convoy. Soon, TDP workers clashed with T-activists and a free-for-all ensued which was broken up only after police resorted to a lathicharge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12231016", "title": "New iPad launch: Tim Cook vs Steve Jobs", "text": "This was Tim Cook's first big product unveiling since Steve Jobs died last year. Yesterday's iPad unveiling was Apple's first big announcement since the death of Steve Jobs, whose legendary skills as a pitchman set the bar for product introductions.How did CEO Tim Cook &amp; Co do? As others have pointed out, the presentation lacked the build-up and drama of a \"Stevenote.\" Cook moved quickly through the update on Apple's recent accomplishments, and before we knew it, Eddy Cue had announced the Apple TV . Then product marketing chief Phil Schiller was on stage for the main event. But there was no big reveal of an actual iPad on stage, and no \"one more thing\" - a trademark of The Apple Show.In fact, there was no substantial new information that hadn't already shown up in the press. The closest thing to a surprise was the decision to just call the new device the iPad, rather than the iPad 3 or iPad HD.The pitch for the iPad was somewhat techier than the typical Stevenote - more about speeds and feeds, than the stuff needed to create a strong reality-distortion field. For longtime attendees of these events, yesterday's presentation may have hearkened back to when Apple was just a computer company selling to Mac fanatics.Jobs had a genius for identifying a few product features - the clickwheel in the first iPod , or the multitouch screen on the iPhone, for example - and telling a story that simplifies and humanizes the technology. It was another dimension of the \"less is more\" philosophy that set Apple apart. The job yesterday was to convince the masses that the new retina screen is a \"gotta-have\" rather than a \"wanna-have.\" We'll know soon how many people were convinced.One couldn't help notice the increased use of videos during the show, as well. Jobs almost always included a few. But there were six yesterday, including one about the opening of the Grand Central store and another one about a new feature of the GarageBand music app called Jam Session. Apple may not have had this in mind, but it began to feel as if they were being used as a crutch. The reporters packing the Yerba Buena Center were there to hear from live executives, not watch videos.None of these changes will threaten Apple's status as the best in tech when it comes to putting on a show. Presenters had no signs of jitters, there was plenty of humor, and enough reality distortion to elicit repeated outbursts of whoops and applause for particular features. The only noticeable glitch, if it even counts as one, was a brief delay as a movie clip came up during Eddy Cue's demo of the new Apple TV.Over the long term, Apple's ability to generate the same enthusiasm without Jobs as emcee will matter. It's one thing to hawk the latest upgrade of an already phenomenally popular product such as the iPad, iPhone or iMac. It's quite another when the company needs to grab the world's attention and convince it to give some brand new thing a chance.When Jobs unveiled the iMac , various iPods, the iPhone and the first iPad, each performance left attendees chomping to review or even line up to buy the new product. In Apple's Jobs-less era, maintaining that marketing magic may be one of the trickiest challenges the company faces.--Peter Burrows", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12227260", "title": "Task force on illegal mining gets cracking", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government has dispatched 150 Special Armed Force (SAF) troops to Chambal to take on the brazen mining and sand mafia, which have attacked policemen and district officials in the past few days.Two companies of SAF armed with assault rifles and other sophisticated weaponry are in Morena and one more group is likely to reach shortly. Morena DSP Sanjay Kumar told TOI that the SAF would be a part of anti-mining task force comprising officials of district police, forest, and mining and revenue departments.Police on Sunday arrested Morena district's ex-BJP chief Hamir Singh Patel for allegedly assaulting officers and forcibly taking away two tractor trolleys used for stone quarrying. He had hit mining inspector Rajkumar Barethe on January 31 when he, along with district mining officer Rakesh Kaneria, impounded two tractor-trolleys engaged in illegal mining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12232353", "title": "Getting back to office post delivery", "text": "Getting back to work after having a baby is a Herculean task \u00e2\u20ac\u201d not just in terms of you proving to your organisation that you are still capable of doing the same tasks you did before pregnancy, but also in terms of accepting the unexpected changes that may await you at office .Even if you thought it would be a smooth transition to work post delivery, some bosses make it tough for you. Sometimes besides the hormonal changes and emotional turmoil, you may also have to battle to get back your position at office. Here are a few tips for a smooth transition, assuming your organisation acknowledges your worth.1. Do not compromise on work just because your boss thinks you should be given lighter work post pregnancy. If you are not happy with the task entrusted upon you at office, put your foot down and say what you want2. Remember your organisation gives you your bread and butter, so show in many ways than one that you still have the same interest and zeal you had before delivery3. Don't take too much time to settle down, once you get to do what you love the most, start with a bang4. Keep yourself updated on the industry trends5. Also, plan for baby care before you resume work; at least you don't have to worry about your baby's safety which can become a major distraction at work6. Work smart, but be flexible. Work is as important as the baby back home, so never say 'no' to anything because this may also be the perfect chance for your boss to call you inefficient7. Take on responsibilities, give your best and prove you are still worthy8. Get used to the new routine. It's not easy to be active after sleepless nights with your baby. But will power is the word and it's only a matter of months before your baby's sleeping patterns changePost partum depression and fatigue are inevitable. But get your boss to empathize with you and also on your part, give your best. Remember health too is as important as your work, so make sure you don't lose your peace of mind over anything. But as the saying goes, 'when the going gets tough, the tough gets going'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "last year, we decided to skip our ritualistic trip to india during summer vacations, since we had to be there during the winters. we thought of showing the kids places around dubai, since exploring doesn't gel well with school/office schedule in normal working days. soon, we ran short of adventure options, mostly because they were hard on our pocket and our stamina level. keeping kids engaged and happy during vacation (devoid of attention of doting grandparents, indulgent relatives and playful cousins) is a tough task on hand. with our patience and sanity plunging uncontrollable, we zeroed in on an educational summer camp providing a range of activities from craft, dance, swimming to public speaking offered by a school. soon, however, we got a glimpse of a highly materialistic (apart from the regular fees) aspect of the \"summer camp\", which was supposed to be an educational as well as activity centre for children. these summer camps operated on sponsorship and hence every other day the kids would come home with a brand of noodles packet, some promotional materials by a toothpaste brand, etc. the kids would return home happy to get some so-called free stuff and then carry out the promotion for the brands- as intended by the companies. children", "code": "12234044", "title": "The horrendous cost of commercialization of education", "text": "Last year, we decided to skip our ritualistic trip to India during summer vacations, since we had to be there during the winters. We thought of showing the kids places around Dubai, since exploring doesn't gel well with school/office schedule in normal working days. Soon, we ran short of adventure options, mostly because they were hard on our pocket and our stamina level. Keeping kids engaged and happy during vacation (devoid of attention of doting grandparents, indulgent relatives and playful cousins) is a tough task on hand. With our patience and sanity plunging uncontrollable, we zeroed in on an educational summer camp providing a range of activities from craft, dance, swimming to public speaking offered by a school. Soon, however, we got a glimpse of a highly materialistic (apart from the regular fees) aspect of the \"summer camp\", which was supposed to be an educational as well as activity centre for children. These summer camps operated on sponsorship and hence every other day the kids would come home with a brand of noodles packet, some promotional materials by a toothpaste brand, etc. The kids would return home happy to get some so-called free stuff and then carry out the promotion for the brands- as intended by the companies. Children: The innocuous advertisers or should I say victims of the sly marketing strategy, which knows how to catch their eager customers young and cash on them. I understand that summer camps are not philanthropic learning centers and cannot run without financial benefits. However, when I come to think of it, I realized that formal educational institutes have a strong commercial aspect in them, which has a potentially dodgy consequence.The commercialization of education has given a financial dimension to admissions in institutes, be it private, public, kindergarten or university. The effects of this are reverberated in families, as well as on the conventional concepts of education, including the attitude and expectation from learning, teacher-student relationship and the basic objective of education. Commercialization of education means advertising the product (schools, play schools, university) in a way that appeals to the consumer (student and parent). The money put in advertising and infrastructural investment in keeping with the advertisement, is then remitted to the consumers. Thus, if consumers seek better education and educational facility, they have to spend bigger bucks. When a student is reduced to a mere consumer, then what is the fate of millions of poor yet deserving students. Every child has a right to not just education but also an opportunity to get the best. The goal of education is to harness the potential of a child, direct and channelize this potential in the right way. Education has to have an inherently moralistic module in order to achieve its real goals and not just commercial ones.The commercialization of education has a dreadful effect, which is so subtle that it is often unrealized. Just like advertisements of coke and popcorn in movie halls, it also affects children at the sub-conscious level. For example, a child returns every alternate day from summer camp carrying so-called free items like noodles, tooth paste, etc of a particular brand. The child is apparently informed about mouth hygiene while actually a brand is being promoted to them. Companies are reaching out to their young and innocuous targets using innovative ways. Are we ready for that kind of education for our children? I shudder to think of the day when questions in math's paper will be set like: If one toothpaste costs 20 DH, how much does five toothpaste cost.Another worrying aspect of commercialization of education is that the interest of the child and the kind of education that develops his/her full potential and wholesome personality is often not addressed. Education no longer is a noble profession but a business enterprise, a profit-making opportunity. Subjects as science and mathematics assume more importance than literature or art, merely because later on they provide remunerative jobs in the market. Thus, subjects and their importance is often market-driven and not necessarily for the development of the child's potential. The role of a teacher is increasingly reduced to that of an employee in such an enterprise. A teacher is no longer an important entity participating in decision-making and advocating the best interest of the child. A teacher is expected to follow the line and work for the best interest of the enterprise (namely the sponsors, trustees and managers). Teachers are supposed to attend sophisticated programs rather than use their best judgment based on their observation of the student to guide them. It is true that teachers too need to take bread home to feed their family. In the absence of monetary incentives and increasing alienation from the teaching process, there is a gradual erosion of talent in the teaching profession.Education does not entail mere knowledge accumulation. It is a crucial component for shaping a human for citizenship in the society, and become its contributing members. However, commercialization of education relegates the societal values and focuses on the material ones, reducing citizens to mere businesspersons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12227607", "title": "JD (U) firm on claim over sixth RS seat", "text": "PATNA: The senior state NDA partner - JD (U) - is unlikely to withdraw its claim over the sixth seat of the Rajya Sabha in favour of the BJP. The leaders of the two parties are yet to sit and resolve this issue even as notification for the RS poll for the six seats falling vacant soon will be issued on Monday.Of the six seats, three seats are held by JD (U), one by BJP and two by RJD. But this time, RJD has hardly any chance given its reduced strength in the state assembly. Its two seats are likely to go to the NDA. Even as state BJP leaders are holding meetings and preparing panel of names to be sent to the high command, JD (U) is sitting comfortably and has almost decided its strategy. Chief minister Nitish Kumar , who left for New Delhi on Sunday afternoon to attend the wedding ceremony of old pal and political rival Lalu Prasad's daughter, reportedly discussed the RS election with some close confidants.When pointed out that the JD (U) does not have the numbers to get its fourth candidate elected on its own, a senior JD (U) leader retorted, \"Neither do they (BJP). We need their support and they need ours.\" Sources in the JD (U) said this time the 'no-repetition' formula would not be applied, which was enforced in the last biennial election. Indications are that all the three retiring members - Anil Sahni, Mahendra Prasad and Ali Anwar - will be retained. \"There has been discussion on some names for the fourth seat,\" a JD(U) minister said and added that since the matter came up for discussion at the CM's level, this was enough hint to the BJP about the JD(U) stand on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12225882", "title": "Swami Sanand in hospital after health worsens", "text": "VARANASI: Scientist-turned-seer Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand, earlier known as Prof G D Agrawal, stopped drinking water from Friday demanding action to save the Ganga. The district administration admitted him to Varanasi's S P G Divisional Hospital Sunday morning after his health deteriorated.But, Sanand is firm on his fast-unto-death stir. At the hospital's emergency ward, he continued his fast and read from the Bhagwat Gita and the Ramcharit Manas. Another seer, Gangapremi Bhikshu, sat on hunger strike at Kedar Ghat where Sanand was fasting. Sanand was on hunger strike from February 8 to March 8. He stopped drinking water on March 9 and lost weight.Varanasi ADM (administration) R Y Mishra and SP (City) M S Chauhan went to Kedar Ghat Saturday to morning convince him to call off his stir. But Sanand did not budge.In the evening, district magistrate Ravindra and DIG Ram Kumar, too tried to persuade him to break his fast but failed. They returned leaving a team of health officials, including two doctors, with the seer.The doctors recommended Sanand be sent to hospital. Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, Ganga Sewa Abhiyanam (GSA) coordinator, and Swami Swarupanand Saraswati, disciple of Shankaracharya of Jyotish and Dwarka Sharda Peeth, said, \"Swami Sanand could be treated at the agitation venue. But, government doctors and district administration were determined to take him to the hospital. We allowed them as we did not want to create trouble.\"They said Sanand walked to the ambulance and that his health was not as bad as what the district officials were making it out to be.D B Singh, chief superintendent of the hospital, said ketone bodies were found in Sanand's urine. So, he had to be admitted to the hospital. Sanand's blood report was normal though. The ECG report showed he had a left ventricular failure (LVF), said Singh.The seer-activists claimed they had sent an open letter to prime minister Manmohan Singh on January 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227488", "title": "Najafgarh wallows in councillor's neglect", "text": "NEW DELHI: J K Sharma, the Congress councillor of Roshanpura, is the leader of Opposition in the outgoing MCD but residents allege that hasn't benefited the Najafgarh ward much in the past five years.They say Sharma, often referred to as the king of Najafgarh in the locality, may be in a strong position in the corporation, but \"no major projects were taken up for the development of the area\". Kuldeep Jakhar, general secretary, New Roshanpura RWA, said, \"The lanes are narrow and parking is a problem. When so many car parks are coming up in various parts of the city, at least one could have been proposed for this area, too.\"Some of the projects taken up are far from completion. A 2008 project to cover a major drain on the main Najafgarh road is yet to be over. \"The road is dug up for the past three years and has become narrow, leading to traffic snarls. Residents have repeatedly complained to him. With already no footpath in the area, it has become accident prone,\" said Jakhar. The area also does not have any dispensary, maternity home or healthcare centre.\"Children do not have any place to play. While the civic agency spends crores for beautifying parks, Roshanpura does not even have a park,\" said resident Bhagwan Singh. Sharma, a corporator for 15 years, claims that most of his funds were spent in constructing roads. \"There were no proper roads. Now every internal lane has a ready-mix concrete road. Despite the MCD's limitation to carry out development work in unauthorized colonies, I have done a lot,\" said Sharma. But residents claim most of the roads were repaired in the past six months. Sharma also claims, \"Sanitation staff cleans the area daily and till now I haven't received any complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12233413", "title": "Mid-term polls unlikely: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday said the NDA was prepared for mid-term Lok Sabha polls, but maintained that UPA did not favour snap polls as it wanted to \"cling\" to power till its full term.\"The UPA government does not want to go for mid-term polls and it is likely that it will cling to power till its full term by taking recourse to all means (for a majority in Parliament),\" he told reporters here.The Chief Minister said that NDA, on the other hand, favoured mid-term polls in the country.He was asked to comment on the possibility of early elections in the wake of the poor performance by Congress in the recent Assembly polls in five states.\"There is no two opinion that Congress has been weakened to an extent on the basis of its performance in the five states,\" he said.On speculation about revival of the Third Front in view of the performance of the two national parties - Congress and BJP - in the five states, Kumar said, the contour of such a Front was still to take shape.The senior JD(U) leader, however, sought to distance himself and his party from the proposed Third Front saying that his party was an integral part of the NDA.\"The JD(U) remains an integral part of the NDA,\" Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226504", "title": "All work and no play at Sri Chitra", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For Sujeela and her brother Sujin, on the eve of SSLC exam, there are no concerned parents who keep a constant eye on them to see if they get distracted.There are also no expensive special tuition classes. They are inmates of Sri Chitra Home for the Destitute and Infirm, Thiruvananthapuram. 11 girls and five boys appear for the SSLC examinations this year from here.For them it is all work and no play with a tight study schedule. \"We wake up by 4am in the morning and then it is all studies except for three meal breaks,\" says Manju, of Fort High School. \"We sit late into the night if needed.\" These children have high hopes for the future. Most of the girls prefer a career in medical or teaching field.\"I want to be a doctor. I would give free services for the poor and also for the children of Sri Chitra Home when I become one,\" says Sujeela. Praveena on whom her friends have high hopes, dreams of becoming a teacher. \"I admire my biology teacher and hope to be like him one day,\" she said. But the five boys, who study at SMV High School, want to be engineers. But Joji, the shortest of all, dreams about a film career and wants to act with Surya some day. Though mostly these children are left on their own, they are not entirely without support.The seniors here are eager to help the younger ones. \"We have friends here who clear our doubts,\" says Sharan.Dileep Kumar, an assistant sub inspector of police attached to the Fort station, gives free tuition classes to the students. \"Kumar believes that these five boys would clear the exam with good grades. They have done a decent job in the term exams this year,\" says Asokan M K, the warden of the boy's dormitory. \"Yes, we all will pass,\" the children sing in unison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new prem nagar", "code": "12226981", "title": "Hockey Olympian's son aims at stumps", "text": "NEW PREM NAGAR: For most part of his 16 years, Kabir Grewala's claim to fame has been his father Hardeep, who played for India at 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles and the Hockey World Cup in 1986, that was held in London. But Kabir is set to come out of his fathera's shadow and make his own history as a sportsman. However, instead of hockey his heart has picked cricket as the game he wants to shine in.Kabir has already fixed his eyes on making it to the Indian cricket team and is working hard on the pitch. A student of BIS Public School and resident of New Prem Nagar, Kabir said his love for cricket began when he was eight years old and that his father never held him back.\"My father, who played for the Indian hockey team from 1983 to 1990 but he never pressured me to play the game he represented. I was always passionate about cricket and here I am,\" said Kabir, who has been practising at the PAU grounds for a year.His desire is to bowl like Australian leg spinners Shane Warne and Stuart MacGill.New Prem Nagar resident Kabir Grewal said: \"I have been training under coach Amrik Singh Nagra, who has taught me fine techniques of leg spin as I am a right arm leg spinner. I am working hard to perfect the skill of leg spin. At the same time I am also picking up tips on batting and fielding. My coach is great and I have learned a lot from him,\" he said. A fan of batsmen David Warner, Sachin Tendulkar and fielder Jhonty Rhodes, Kabir said his single dream is to make it to the Indian cricket team. \"I am working hard to be an all-rounder as it will improve my chances of making it to the Indian team.\"Asked whether the money and glamour that cricket involves made him prefer the sport over his fathera's game and Kabir hesitantly admitted that \"cricketers so earn a lot and are in the eye of the entire country. It is definitely a plus.\"Hardeep does not mind. \"When my son took up cricket, people used to ask me why he did not opt for hockey. But I used to tell them that it is all about a persona's individual interest. I believe he can perform well in cricket. Of course, hockey is not given as much attention in our country and so young players have a natural inclination towards it too,\" he said.Kabira's coach is all praises for his trainee. \"He never compromises on working hard. He is definitely on the right track and can bring laurels to the country,\" said Nagra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12226031", "title": "Samajwadi Party\u2019s Muslim gamble pays off in districts", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Breaking the previous records and speculations, three Muslim candidates have been elected from the Allahabad district in 2012 assembly election. All the three newly elected Muslim MLAs -- Sayed Ahmed (Phulpur), Parvez Ahmed (City South) and Ansar Ahmed (Phaphamau) - are from the Samajwadi Party.Though Bahujan Samaj Party, Peace Party, Apna Dal and Congress too had fielded Muslim candidates, they drew a blank.In 2012 assembly election, a total of 10 Muslim candidates were in the fray on 12 constituencies in the city and there a keen contest. Many parties were worried that Apna Dal candidate Atiq Ahmed, who was in the fray from City West seat, might divide the Muslim voters.But, this did not happen as Muslim voters went for the Samajwadi Party.Political analysts said there is adequate strength of Muslim voters in Phulpur, City South, City West, Pratappur and Phaphamau assembly segments and they were proved to be deciding factor during the polls.Despite exhaustive campigning by the Congress and the Bahujan Samajwadi party, their candidate failed to win the seats.There are 22 districts in the state, including Allahabad, where the population of Muslims is more than 20%.Out of 123 Muslim-dominated assembly segments, the number was as high as 40-45% in regions like Moradabad and Rampur. While Apna Dal and the Peace Party alliance had fielded maximum four Muslim candidates in the district, Congress, JD(U) and BSP had fielded one each. The Samajwadi Party had fielded three candidates and all of them won.Though Bahujan Samaj Party, Peace Party, Apna Dal and Congress too had fielded Muslim candidates, they drew a blank.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12227300", "title": "Pregnant woman\u2019s death sparks protests", "text": "MYSORE: The death of a pregnant woman at Cheluvamba Hospital here sparked protests on Sunday. Enraged over the incident, relatives of the deceased, Vasantha, 20, staged a protest in front of the hospital.Vasantha from Chunchanakatte in Krishnarajnagar taluk was admitted to the hospital for delivery on Saturday evening. However, on Sunday at 8 am, she died in the labor ward. Accusing the hospital authorities of negligence, relatives of the victim demanded compensation. Police, who reached the spot, pacified the protesters and brought the situation under control. \"Vasantha was suffering from fever when she was admitted to the hospital. All the necessary treatment was provided to her and on Sunday morning, she collapsed on the floor in labor ward and died,\" medical superintendent Dr B Krishnamurhty said. Vasantha's father Channagowda lodged a complaint with Devaraja police against the doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bangalore/hubli", "code": "12227216", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa rebellion fizzles out, won\u2019t quit BJP", "text": "Bangalore/Hubli: Former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's rebellion fizzled out even before he could fire a shot at his Hubli rally. Following BJP's Dharmendra Pradhan's advice, Yeddyurappa said he won't quit the party. Instead, he would work as a party worker and tour the state to strengthen the BJP.Content, CM D V Sadananda Gowda and state BJP chief K S Eshwarappa skipped the Hubli rally. Yeddyurappa, without mentioning BJP general secretary Ananth Kumar, reportedly said that leaders who knew Hindi and English were lobbying hard in New Delhi.Gowda, though, had enough reason to worry. \"I will not campaign for the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll. I am still facing eight graft cases. My visit will only embarrass the CM and the state chief,\" Yeddyurappa said, obliquely referring to Gowda's statement that Yeddyurappa had a clean chit only on the Lokayukta's illegal mining report and was still facing eight other cases. tnn8 daughters of sex workers' marry en masseFor the first time since independence in Gujarat's Wadia village, eight girls - daughters of sex workers - got married to men from Saurashtra and Rajasthan on Sunday. Wadia was shunned as it was known as a village of prostitutes. But, Sunday was different. Besides the wedding, 12 minor girls were engaged with about 3,000 people as witness. \"If a woman gets married in Wadia, she is not forced into prostitution by villagers. We have been able to protect these girls,\" said Raju Param of Vicharti Jaati Samuday Samarthan Manch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12226628", "title": "Shiv Sena MLA held in Rs 30cr housing scam", "text": "MUMBAI: Heavyweight Shiv Sena MLA and former state minister Sureshdada Jain was arrested late Saturday night by Jalgaon police for alleged involvement in a Rs 30-crore housing scam, sending shockwaves through parts of northern Maharashtra where he holds considerable sway.Jain, who was minister for housing during the Shiv Sena-BJP rule in the 1990s, was taken into custody in Dharangaon, a city on the periphery of Jalgaon, as he was leaving the district. Soon after, he was produced before a magistrate, who remanded him in police custody till March 19.The nine-time legislator has been accused of gaining monetarily in a suspect housing project that was cleared by the Jalgaon Municipal Corporation (JMC) about 15 years ago but is yet to be completed.Apart from Jain, there are about 90 other accused in the case, including minister of state for transport and NCP leader Gulabrao Deokar. All the accused allegedly played a part, as JMC councillors or mayors, in the housing project between 1989, when it was first proposed, and 1999.\"There was a delay in initiating criminal proceedings against Jain and others, but it was owing to technical reasons. We had to procure documents from Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited, urban development department and director of municipal administration.Now that we have evidence, we will take the case to its logical end,\" said additional SP Ishu Sandhu, who led the team that arrested Jain.A big step forward came in January this year, when four people were arrested. These included former mayor of Jalgaon Pradip Raisoni, director of Khandesh Builders Major (Retd) Jagannath Wani, Raja Mayur and former chief executive officer of JMC P D Kale.Raisoni has submitted before a magistrate that most of the funds meant for the Jalgaon housing project got transferred into the account of firms controlled by Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12232560", "title": "Irrfan Khan has wonderful abilities: Mark Webb", "text": "The director of much awaited The Amazing Spider-Man, Mark Webb speaks on Irrfan Khan's significant contribution to Hollywood.When The Amazing Spider-Man star Irrfan Khan appeared on the talk show It's My Life with Raveena Tandon , he had a big surprise awaiting him from none other than Spider-Man director Marc Webb himself!Webb recorded a special video message for the show and he was all praises for the actor who plays the pivotal role of Dr. Ratha in the much-awaited film, due out on 3rd July.\"Irrfan's importance in Hollywood is an interesting thing. A lot of directors are really starting to take notice of him and are looking for roles for Irrfan because he's got such a wonderful reputation. There's a show he did here [in the US] called \"In Treatment\" and you really got to see his wonderful abilities. Whether its Danny Boyle or Ang Lee , really very strong directors are starting to take notice of this star who comes from a land that some view as exotic and far away from us. But you realize with actors like Irrfan, how close they really are,\" he gushed. \"Irrfan, it's good to see you again. I hope you're doing well and my best to you and your family,\" he said signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kochi/thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226578", "title": "Achuthanandan slanders Sindhu Joy, 'corrects' later", "text": "KOCHI/THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Opposition Leader V S Achuthanandan was at his vituperative best when on Sunday he compared the present condition of Sindhu Joy, former SFI leader who quit CPM to join the Congress, to that of an abhisarika (loosely translated as 'courtesan' or 'kept woman'). Speaking to the media at Aluva, he said, \"Didn't the UDF use Sindhu Joy during the assembly polls? She toured all the constituencies in the state campaigning for Congress. Where is she now? Don't people dump abhisarikas after use? Similarly UDF abandoned her after use.\"The former CM's remarks have stirred a hornet's nest. Mahila Congress workers in Kochi took out a protest march and burnt Achuthanandan's effigy while KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala asked Achuthanandan to withdraw his statement and apologise. \"He should apologise publicly for using such nasty words against women leaders. A leader of his stature should not have used such words against a woman,\" chief minister Oommen Chandy said.Even CPM women leaders have expressed their displeasure over Achuthanandan's statement.Times ViewInvective involves more than just an unfortunate choice of words. It reduces - or reifies, the term Marx used - humans to objects. That veteran Marxist V S Achuthanandan has a penchant for the scabrous and the scatological is well-known but what is shocking is his repeated and flagrant sexism.The latest is his remark against a former woman comrade. The fact that he opted for a Sanskritised term, as opposed to the crudely colloquial he normally prefers, to cast aspersions on her character only points to the depth of his gender prejudice, to say nothing of picayune state of the perpetually aggrieved he appears to dwell in.Such prejudices in turn breed the kind of moral and cultural policing that Kerala, thankfully, has so far been free of. Will Brinda Karat step in please?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12226029", "title": "City lights: No takers for Victoria", "text": "KOLKATA: It's cleaner, greener and has been giving the Victoria Memorial grounds a tough run for its money. Morning walkers in Kolkata, who would swear by the part of the Maidan towered over by the historic monument, seem to be switching allegiance to the much less-fancied Rabindra Sarobar, considered shady and downmarket till recently. More than 200 members of the various walkers associations at Victoria have moved to the 'lakes' in the last five months for a hassle-free stroll in less polluted environs, where parking isn't an issue either.More than 500 lake walkers gathered at the Rabindra Sarobar on Sunday to take part in a Holi celebration, attended by KMDA CEO Vivek Bharadwaj. It's the KMDA which has changed the face of the lakes through a series of beautification projects. The result has been a switch of loyalty that has taken the Rabindra Sarobar Friends' Forum by surprise. \"We are flooded with applications for membership. Since 2011, there has been a sudden spurt in the number of morning walkers. Die-hard Victoria loyals are now regulars at the lakes. Many have been travelling from Shyambazar and Dum Dum. Scores of central Kolkata residents, who would earlier prefer the Victoria for its proximity, are now happy to take the trouble of driving down to Rabindra Sarobar. They find it greener and cleaner than the Maidan,\" said TC Jain, coordinator of the Friends' Forum. The Lakes are visited by more than 2500 walkers every morning.Parking difficulties and poor maintenance are responsible for the shift of loyalty, according to those who have defected. The Victoria greens no longer wear the emerald carpet that made walking a pleasure. Since parking was banned around the Maidan in 2008, commuting has been a bother as well. \"Walkers have to trudge for more than a kilometre to hop into their car at the end of their walk which is tiring. Another irritant is the pollution and the noise. Since you have cars plying all around the Maidan, the smoke often gets unbearable. Finally, the Maidan pathways are poorly maintained. It's not properly cleaned either,\" said DK Khandelwal, a former Victoria walker who has now moved to the lakes.He found the lakes 'incredibly clean and quiet', he said. \"It's a morning walker's delight. You have greenery all around, pathways are clean, garbage is collected regularly and you don't have cars honking around you. It's probably the least polluted spot in Kolkata,\" gushed Khandelwal.Walk for a causeCome March 18 and the city will witness a unique walk starting from the Calcutta Rowing Club in Rabindra Sarobar in support of the Down Syndrome. The Down Syndrome (DS) occurs because of chromosomal anomaly in a child at birth. Usually, parents of children, affected by the syndrome, tend to hide the child from social exposure which not only hinders their growth but also alienates them from the rest of the world. The walk, organized by The Down Syndrome Support Group of Kolkata, will hence help to create more awareness among parents. The support group has been formed by two courageous mothers Neelam A Jain and Christina Mitra Jabbar whose children are affected by the Down Syndrome. \"People born with DS need our support, respect, dignity and equal rights. Yet, most of the parents find it difficult to deal with their children with DS. Each DS child has an extraordinary ability which can be honed for the benefit of the society,\" said Jain.On Sunday, March 18, the city will witness a unique walk from Calcutta Rowing Club in Rabindra Sarovar in support of Down Syndrome Awareness. United Nations for the first time in the history has recognized March 21 as World Down Syndrome Day. The Down Syndrome occurs because chromosomal anomaly in a child at birth. A child with Down Syndrome has 47 chromosomes in every cell as against 46 chromosomes in those unaffected. The DS children share common physical traits of low muscle tone, small stature and upward slant to the eyes and flat facial features. It takes a huge effort by parents to push DS children into main-stream of life. Most of the parents tend to take it as stigma and try to hide the child from social exposure. This hinders the growth of the child and a sense of alienation cripples him socially. The Down Syndrome Support Group of Kolkata, formed by two courageous mothers of DS Children Neelam A Jain and Christina Mitra Jabbar, has organized this Buddy Walk for creating this awareness. \"People born with DS need our support, respect, dignity and equal rights. Yet most of the parents found it difficult to deal with their children with DS. Each DS child has an extra-ordinary ability which can be honed for the benefit of the society,\" said Jain.For a clean Kolkata", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12225739", "title": "Mulayam, Akhilesh in Delhi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Amid hectic activity inside the Samajwadi camp ahead of Akhilesh Yadav's coronation day, the CM-designate on Sunday afternoon flew to the national capital. According to party sources, Akhilesh was a part of the party's meeting to consider the names of probable candidates for different portfolios. After the meeting ended, Akhilesh, along with father Mulayam Singh Yadav, flew to Delhi.The father-son duo is likely to remain in Delhi over the next two days, marking their presence in the Lok Sabha, ahead of the presentation of the Union Budget on March 16. Akhilesh and Mulayam are likely to return to Lucknow on the night of March 13, or on the morning of March 14.Akhilesh is also expected to resign from the Lok Sabha before he can take oath as UP chief minister on March 15.Currently, Akhilesh is an MP from Kannauj. He will have to vacate the seat before he can enter the UP Legislative Assembly as an MLC or MLA.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12232683", "title": "I don't have a godfather: Muzammil Ibrahim", "text": "Actor Muzammil Ibrahim who made a comeback to the big screen after five long years speaks about the tough times and the days aheadPost a good debut in 2007 with \"Dhoka\", actor Muzammil Ibrahim vanished from the big screen when a lot was expected from the actor. The model-turned-actor who made his return to the big screen with the recently released \"Will You Marry Me\" says that the reason for his disappearance from Bollywood could be attributed to the fact that he did not know how to handle his career. \"I was fairly new in the industry. My debut got me noticed and I was offered a lot of films. But then I did not know how to chose the right projects,\" says the actor. Between his debut and recently released flick, the actor spent five years without a single movie. \"I was working on this film, \"Horn Ok Please\". I did not sign any other flick. When the movie was shelved, I was devastated. I put all my eggs into one basket. Later I realized that I didn't have any other movie to fall back on. No one wanted to work with me then. It was a big struggle,\" admits the actor.But now, Muzammil claims to have gotten smarter with the ways of the industry. \"I don't belong to a filmi family neither do I have a girlfriend who can promote me. I don't have a Godfather either. I'm basically on my own and whatever has transpired in the past few years has made me stronger and wiser. Now I'm ready to take on the world with renewed sense of vigor and maturity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227627", "title": "Policy focus", "text": "What should be the priority areas in education in budget 2012-13 ? Education Times finds out from a crosssection of academicsParvin Sinclair, Director, NCERTPrimary and secondary education needs fund allocation, with the focus on the last child getting an opportunity to study at least till Class X. Every sector needs more funds. We, at NCERT, wish to do much more in school education and require funds for these activities too. Education is on the concurrent list, which means that the school sector not only requires central government funding, but each state government has to agree to policies and fund them too.AS Narang, Professor, School of Social Sciences, IgnouAmajor portion of present grants to universities goes in for salaries and maintenance. Infrastructure remains a low priority. The need is not only to provide adequate allocations, but of clear earmarking of funds for infrastructure, research facilities and R&D; . Since states are not contributing to higher education, the Centre should introduce schemes of grants to states, to improve the quality of universities and also to encourage states to contribute likewise. Funds also need to be earmarked for filling a large number of vacant positions. Quality research in social sciences is another area that needs attention. Also, budgetary allocation for improvement of overall infrastructure and facilities for research must be given priority.Dinesh Singh, VC, Delhi University (DU)The scope for innovations in technology, research facilities, experiments and new breakthroughs in science will make higher education substantial and productive. This should be a focus area for funding. More innovations, introduction of new degree programmes and activities for students in undergraduate disciplines must be the priority areas. The budget should focus on allocating more funds for improving soft-skills and also invest in the vocational education sector.M Anandakrishnan, Chairman, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), KanpurFor the last five budgets, higher education has been given prominence. It has received special attention in order to sustain and provide sufficient support for economic growth. This trend is likely to continue. At present, technical education has two components - large support base like the universities of national importance (IITs, etc), and state-level institutions. While the central universities get sufficient attention, statelevel universities suffer from low budget allocation and improper recognition, which should be focussed on.SS Handa, Professor, department of computer science, faculty of engineering and technology, Manav Rachna International UniversityThe core allocation of funds for this year's budget must cover academic research areas like biodiversity, pollution control and sustainable development. Around 37% of our GDP comes from MSMEs. Hence, the government should extend funding support in research activities in these units. Major fund allocation should be made for development in IT systems to make progress in manufacturing, business development and service sectors from micro to large-scale . To develop green technology, the government should allocate funds for setting up small R&D; centres, which will transfer knowledge to various sectors.- Compiled by Vatsala Shrangi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna/begusarai", "code": "12227634", "title": "Close call for Rajdhani passengers", "text": "PATNA/BEGUSARAI: Passengers of the Dibrugarh-New Delhi Rajdhani Express had a providential escape at 5am on Sunday when its locomotive derailed near Lohia Nagar level crossing near Begusarai station on the Barauni-Katihar section under the Sonepur division of East Central Railway (ECR).However, none of the passengers was injured as the coaches didn't jump off the track. Traffic movement on the Barauni-Katihar route remained paralysed for about two hours from 5am to 7am on Sunday.According to sources, the train was moving at a slow speed when the incident took place. This prevented the coaches behind the engine from crashing over one other. Moreover, the engine got stuck in a heap of sand kept for rail line laying work by the side of the track. The stranded passengers heaved a sigh of relief when the train resumed its onward journey after 7am for New Delhi, sources said.According to ECR HQ control room, railway rescue team rushed to the site soon after the incident along with medical van. The rescue team started lifting the derailed locomotive on tracks with the help of crane. Though the exact cause behind derailment was not immediately known, it is believed that the derailment took place as the points (tracks) were not properly set for the incoming train, the control room sources said, adding a departmental inquiry would be held into the matter.ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha said the engine driver, assistant driver and loco inspector of the Rajdhani Express have been suspended. Sonepur DRM R L Gupta have rushed to the spot. Meanwhile, the incident caused several up and down trains to remain stranded at different stations for a few hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12227624", "title": "Mirchi cricket tourney opens", "text": "PATNA: Boring Road Bombers beat Ashok Rajpath Rajwade by 43 runs in the opening match of the Mirchi Premier League cricket tournament organized by Radio Mirchi at Moinul Haq Stadium here on Sunday. Gaurav was declared man of the match.Patliputra Panthers crushed Mithapur Mandricks by 102 runs in the second match of the league. Abhishek was man of the match.Former Test player Saba Karim, food and consumer protection minister Shyam Razak, minister for information and public relations Brishen Patel and secretary, road construction department, Pratyay Amrit were present at the inaugural function.Brief scores: Boring Road Bombers 138/5 in 20 overs (Nazim Siddiqui 50, Abhijit Soni 40, Gaurav 27, Dharmesh 3/22). Ashok Rajpath Rajwade 95 all out in 19 overs (Dharmesh 22, Gaurav 3/18).Patliputra Panthers 171/7 in 20 overs (Ishan Kishan 53, Kumar Mridul 43, Imran 2/26). Mithapur Mandricks 69 all out in 16.2 overs (Nandan 18, Abhishek 4/8, Rupesh 3/15).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229687", "title": "Fardeen gets teary eyed at half-sister's memorial", "text": "Fardeen Khan who recently got immunity in the long overdrawn substance abuse case; had a solemn memorial for his half sister Soni Sethia who was recently killed in a tragic car accident in New Delhi.Soni was the oldest of the three Khan siblings-Soni, Laila and Fardeen.She was Laila and Fardeen's half sister through their mother Sundari. And Soni as Fardeen confessed teary-eyed at the memorial service held at Mumbai this afternoon said, was my guardian angel.''The service was attended by socialities like Queenie Dhody; Dolly Thakore, Aarti and Kailash Surendranath, Sunil and Maya Alagh and many others. Arjun Rampal who is very close to Fardeen and Vinod Khanna who shared a fantastic rapport with the late Feroz Khan were also there to share the solemn moment with the Khans.Fardeen's mother Sundari cried continuously; while his real sister Laila looked shattered too.FK Junior dressed in a black suit encouraged friends of his late sister to share their thoughts on her. He himself recited a couple of poems in Soni's memory and actually got teary eyed as he remembered their growing up years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12227339", "title": "CESC promises all-out effort to tame power crisis", "text": "MYSORE: With board examinations around the corner, the Chamundeshwari Electricity Supply Company (CESC) seems to be leaving no stone unturned to ensure uninterrupted power supply.The CESC has appealed to the industries in the district to stop using diesel generators at least during peak hours to help students burning the midnight oil.\"If heavy industries - high-tension (67 HP users) and extra high-tension (&gt; 67 HP users) power consumers - in Mysore agree to cooperate with CESC, there will no power outage between 7 pm and 10 pm,\" claimed CESC chief engineer M Shanthi.A meeting with the heads of various industries will be held in Mysore on March 14 to discuss the issue. Power consumption in the division of five districts - Mysore, Mandya, Chamarajanagar, Hassan and Kodagu - is on the rise every year by 15-20 %.In January 2011, the division's peak demand for power rose to 956 MW. But this year, the restricted peak demand touched 1,020 MW in February itself, she said.The demand is high during peak hours between 7 pm and 10 pm. \"As the pre-university board exams are commencing in mid-March and SSLC exams are scheduled in early April, we are trying hard to supply uninterrupted power supply to all residential areas in the city,\" she said.She claimed that she has already dispatched a request letter to the Mysore Industries Association.Industrialists have been requested to use DG sets during peak period. The CESC will also seek the support of industrialists in other four districts.According to Shanthi, there are some 1,023 bulk power consumers in Mysore. At present, the CESC is getting only 840 MW power, but they are overdrawing additional 200 MW power from the Central grid to meet the demand of the CESC division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230861", "title": "Rohit Shetty makes his acting debut", "text": "The director will be seen in a cameo playing himself in 'Kyaa Super Kool Hai Hum'.Rohit Shetty has made a brand of himself as director who entertains. Now the director is all set to venture into a new territory - of acting. And no, he isn't acting in his film.The director will be seen playing himself in Ekta Kapoor's upcoming comedy Kya Super Kool Hai Hum . \"Rohit Shetty will be seen playing himself in the film. He appears in a cameo\", says a source close to the production house. Apparently the makers wanted a Bollywood filmmaker for a cameo in the film and who better than Rohit Shetty for the same. Rohit was initially busy with his film Bol Bachchan but on behest of good friend Tusshar Kapoor he agreed for a cameo and quickly finished his shoot in a day.\"Tusshar Kapoor has been a part of all the Golmaal series and shares a great rapport with Rohit Shetty. Obviously the director couldn't say no to him\", says the source. Kyaa Super Kool Hai Hum stars Tusshar Kapoor and Riteish Deshmukh in lead roles and is directed by Sachin Yardi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12227285", "title": "Your Shimla ride to cost more", "text": "PANCHKULA: Before paying entry tax at the Kalka-Parwanoo barrier to go to Shimla, commuters will have to pay toll tax at the newly constructed toll plaza near Chandimandir on the Zirakpur-Parwanoo National Highway No. 22.Commuters have already started using the recently constructed four-line highway from Zirakpur to Pinjore. The highway was constructed by a private company and the rate of toll tax for different vehicles has also been decided by the same company, though it would need government's approval. Commuters will have to start paying toll tax within a fortnight. The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) officials informed that the detailed list of rates for different kinds of vehicles has been sent to the Union ministry of Roads and Transport for approval.Once the company gets approval, a car driver will have to pay a toll tax of Rs 23 (one way) when crossing the plaza, drivers of light transport vehicles (canters, mini trucks) will have to shell out Rs 39, while trucks and bus drivers will have to dish out Rs 70. School buses would be issued monthly passes for Rs 1,000 every month.Anil Dhaiya, project director with NHAI, told TOI, \"The company would start recovering tax from commuters shortly,\" while adding that residents living near the toll plaza will be issued monthly passes.The NHAI officials said as per the agreement with the construction company, which completed the four-lining project, toll tax would be recovered from commuters for the next 16 years. Though the agreement was of 20 years, construction work that stared in 2008 took four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12227936", "title": "Jamiat to start state-wide 'wake up' call for Muslims", "text": "JODHPUR: Disappointed with both the major political parties in the state due to their indifference towards the Muslim community and issues relating to their welfare, a leading organization of the community, Jamiat Ulema-e-Rajasthan is going to launch a state-wide drive from 13 March to \"wake up\" the community.The drive - Insaaf Conference - will be led by national leader of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind and MP Maulana Sayyed Mehmood Madni along with other national and state leaders from Jodhpur and will be held at all the seven divisional headquarters at an interval of three months.General secretary of Jamiat Ulema-e-Rajasthan's state unit, Mohd Abdul Wahid Khatri said Muslims of the state are feeling cheated by successive governments which have miserably failed to address their issues. \"Even the Congress government, which vouches for the support of Muslims, has not done anything significant in its three years of rule and has hardly cared to extend them the benefits of various schemes aimed for minority communities,\" Khatri claimed.Referring to the past 10 years' record of the Minority Financial Program, Khatri said since its inception , the program has released a meager fund of about Rs 16.18 lakh has been distributed among 70 lakh Muslims of the state. \"Even the madarsa development program has also been badly hit with no adequate staff and fund, despite installation of 1,000 computers to the registered madarsas of the state during the BJP government\", Khatri complained.Referring to the spurt in the anti-Muslim activities and crimes against them citing the Gopalgarh firing episode, he said the apparent pro-Muslim face of the government is mere eye-wash and is testimony to its double standards. \"Except emphasis on Haj house, this government is not doing anything, but we do not want anything but for development and progress,\" he said.Khatri said it is unfortunate that the Muslim community is compelled to choose between BJP and Congress in the state in every election in the absence of any other choice and since the policies of BJP, which is dubbed as \"communal\" party, is \"anti-Muslim\", the Muslims are left with no choice except Congress in the state, which is comparatively \"less communal\".\"But even this party has made us believe that our social, educational, economical, religious and political upliftment are none of its concern either,\" Khatri claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12227430", "title": "Sale of tea gardens: 22 booked", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Around 10 years after the sale of land, including tea gardens, in 2002, Kangra police has registered an FIR on the direction of a court under various sections of forgery, cheating and conspiracy against 22 persons, including government officers.The complaint had been registered in connection with the sale of 105 acres of land in 2002 in violations of land laws near Gopalpur area of Palampur town.Sources told that an applicant had questioned the approval granted for the sale of this land to a non-agriculturist, who allegedly was not a resident of Himachal Pradesh.Considering the application, the court directed police under Section 156(3) of the Criminal Procedure Code to lodge the FIR against the accused. Police registered the case against the then deputy commissioner, tehsildar, naib tehsildar and other high ranking officials.Two officials from Punjab besides a few local journalists, who were allegedly involved in the sale, were held to be conspirators in the case.The application was moved by Anoop Dutta, a resident of the Yol area, who claimed that his land had also been sold in violation of rules.\"I moved the application in the court. People generally fear from raising voice against the influential people but I had decided to move from pillar to post in want of justice. If required than I will go to the high court to reveal the facts of the case,\" he told TOI over telephone.\"Police has registered the case against 22 persons under section of misleading, cheating and forgery. The court of the CJM has directed us under Section 156 (3), following which the step has been taken,\" said Sanjiv Chouhan, DSP, Palampur.The sources said in the year 2002 the then deputy commissioner had granted the approval of the sale of only four acres of the land and forwarded the case to higher officials for their approval.Later, when the transaction took place the land sold had been more than the approved area, which allegedly happened under a conspiracy due to the influence of some journalists and high profile officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230077", "title": "When Abir got the chills and thrills", "text": "The first of the \"Bomkesh\" franchise was shot during summer in North Bengal and the unit could well escape the Kolkata heat. But the cast and crew of \" Abar Bomkesh\" didn't meet a similar fate next time around. They had to bear the cold in North Bengal and Dooars since shooting happened during winter.Says Abir 'Bomkesh' Chatterjee, \"Last time, we drew a lot of envy as we could enjoy the pleasant weather in North Bengal at a time Kolkata was nothing short of a simmering cauldron. But it was really tough shooting for \"AB\".\"The unit had to can a party scene in the tea gardens of Meteli and even though the afternoon was pleasant, shooting continued into the night. \"Towards the evening, it was biting cold. I asked everyone to get ready, while Apuda ( Saswata Chatterjee) and I were the last ones to change into dhotipunjabi. Sadly, everyone else was in blazers and jackets,\" Abir recalls.So, how did he pull it off? \"I was shivering in the make-up room, but strangely, once Anjanda (Dutt) said 'action', I forgot everything and got to the task of delivering my lines,\" Abir adds.For Abir, there's no getting cold feet when it comes to acting!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226248", "title": "A people's movement for the city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Trivandrum Global City of Innovation (TGCi) is the charitable venture of Kanthari International. Founded by German social-worker and author Sabriye Tenberken and her partner Paul Kronenberg, founders of 'Braille Without Borders' in Tibet , TGCi is designed to be a people's movement and will spearhead social innovation projects in the the city. When Sabriye and Paul decided to set up a 'dream factory', a specialized training centre, for people who have overcome life challenges like vision impairment, disability, war etc., the duo picked ThiruvananthapuramThe TGCi will also partner with the CII (Trivandrum chapter), Terumo Penpol Ltd. and corporates like UST Global, Allianz and government organizations for working in domains like waste management, education, clean energy etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12227626", "title": "Puta poll stumping intensifies", "text": "PATNA: The Patna University (PU) campus is once again in the grip of election fever. Though the elections to the various offices of the Patna University Teachers' Association (Puta) are scheduled for March 17, campaigning through SMSes is already in full swing. On Sunday, the contestants also started door-to-door canvassing by visiting teachers' residences.An interesting aspect of this year's elections, being held after a gap of three years, is that individuals are not contesting the elections. It is a fight between two teams - the \"old\" and the \"new\". Each team has sponsored its own candidates for the seven key offices including president, general secretary, two vice-presidents, two joint secretaries and a treasurer.Though the elections are not being fought on any political ideology or principles, the social justice plank may play a significant role. This is also obvious from the list of candidates selected by different teams. The 2003-batch teachers are also likely to play a decisive role as they constitute one-fourth of the total electorate. Only two women , namely Kumari Rupam and Madhu Rani Sinha, are contesting the elections from two different teams. There are also two \"independent\" candidates in the fray , namely M N Sinha for vice-presidentship and Nand Lal Paswan for joint secretaryship.The team led by B N College history teacher and PU students' welfare dean P K Poddar (who is himself contesting for presidentship) has sponsored mostly those teachers who have occupied various offices of Puta in the past. They are former treasurer and syndicate member S B Lal for general secretary, personnel management and industrial relations (PMIR) department head Prabhakar Jha and B N College teacher Javed Hayat for two posts of vice-presidents, PMIR department teacher Kameshwar Pandit for treasurer, and Kumari Rupam and Awadhesh Kumar of Patna Women's College for the post of two posts of joint secretary.On the other hand, the team led by PU economics department head Rai Murari (himself contesting for the post of president) consists mostly of new faces so far as the Puta elections are concerned. The contestants of this team include Patna Science College geology teacher Anil Kumar (for general secretary), B N College mathematics teacher Bal Gangadhar Prasad and PU Urdu teacher Israel Raza (for two posts of vice-president), B N College teacher Shiv Sagar Prasad (for treasurer), and Madhu Rani Sinha and Manoj Kumar Sinha (for two posts of joint secretary).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12226559", "title": "GCDA not to take up real estate development projects", "text": "KOCHI: If one has to go by the words of Greater Cochin Development Authority's (GCDA) chairman-designate N Venugopal, the authority will refrain from taking up real estate development projects. After taking charge as the chairman of the authority on March 25, he will initiate steps to stop the plans related to constructing housing complexes and residential apartments in the land owned by GCDA.Venugopal told TOI that GCDA would not carry out projects on build, operate and transfer (BOT) basis.\"The authority will not allow any construction activity on Marine Drive. The plan to construct underground parking facility on Marine Drive is not viable. We will have a relook into the BOT project at Manapattiparambu. Plans to construct flats in Kakkanad will be shelved,\" he said.Venugopal said that as the code of conduct was in force as part of the Piravom bypoll, he would not announce a decision on GCDA's further course of action.It is pointed out that the authority has been trading its land in prime locations for real estate development projects.\"This has not brought in much revenue for the organization and eventually the authority lost ownership of land in prime locations,\" he said.As the authority does not have the exact details of land owned by it, priority will be given for taking stock of GCDA-owned land and then creating a land bank. Falling in line with the state government's policy to promote projects through public private partnerships, GCDA will initiate projects in which the authority will hold more than 50 per cent of the total share.Taking into consideration the needs of the city, the authority plans to construct a permanent exhibition centre at Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium, Kaloor. GCDA will also explore ways to bring in Central funds for these activities. There is also a plan to set up a convention centre in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227468", "title": "Government plans to choke city with 38 more botched BRTs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government decided to rechristen the bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor as integrated transit corridor in 2011, perhaps hoping to erase the memory of the ordeal Delhiites undergo everyday on the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand BRT.Unfortunately, that's the only change it has brought about. Plans for 38 new corridors - 14 of which have been approved by Delhi government - clearly show the government is hell-bent on implementing a design that has already been panned by the city.A case in point is the preliminary design for BRT corridors to be constructed by DIMTS (Delhi integrated multi-modal transit system). The agency, which operates and maintains the existing BRT, has been entrusted with six corridors. Despite the experience of running the Ambedkar Nagar BRT with its attendant jams and long-signal cycles, DIMTS opted to replicate the same design on corridors it will be building - central dedicated lane for buses, girded by the motor vehicle (MV) lanes on both sides. The rest of the road, DIMTS officials say, will be retrofitted as per guidelines set by the umbrella traffic and transport agency, UTTIPEC. \"The principle of the BRT at Ambedkar Nagar is sound. We only have to learn from our experience and design a better model for other corridors,\" said a senior DIMTS official.A better model, according to DIMTS, is a corridor that will have 15m set aside for the dedicated bus lane with 11m on either carriageway for MV lanes. On either side, a section of the road space measuring 10-11 m will be devoted for the footpath, cycle and non-motor vehicle track. This is a typical cross-section on a 60m road, as suggested by UTTIPEC. On roads that are narrower, the lane width goes down correspondingly. But the segregated bus lane is not done away with, unless the road is narrower than 24m. That's not all. The design also suggests separate parking zones for autorickshaws and Gramin Sewa on the road space in the corridor, aside from hawker zones near intersections. All this will be carved out in the existing road space.BRT proponents say existing lane space for private vehicles will not be touched in the new corridors. \"We will make more space on the road where possible,\" a DIMTS official said. Considering the corridors are going through highly congested areas like ISBT Kashmere Gate, the airport intersection, Vikas Marg, Seelampur, Dilshad Garden, Azadpur, Shahdara, Mahipalpur and Gokulpuri, the idea may seem ludicrous. DIMTS claims that's why it has opted for a 'hybrid' system - where the segregated bus lane may merge into mixed traffic on stretches that are too narrow.Transport planning expert Prof P K Sarkar says, \"The design as implemented at Ambedkar Nagar BRT is not optimum utilisation of space. The biggest problem is with the junction treatment in the BRT, where signal cycles are too long. Only if the bus lane is completely segregated at these junctions, perhaps made elevated, will the corridor work in Delhi.\" According to Sarkar, any traffic-heavy junction where the bus lane is at grade with the MV lane will result in traffic jams. He dismisses the government's proposal to reclaim road space in areas like the Yamuna riverside, by concretizing strips along the stretch. \"Can that be done along all the roads in Delhi? Obviously not,\" is the scathing retort. Sanjiv Sahai of DIMTS says the benefits of the BRT will be felt once the network is completed. But why wasn't the network completed in the past four years since its inception? There are no answers.That the government itself is confused about the project is apparent from the fact that the PWD, which has been asked to build the rest of the seven BRT corridors (with one to be built by the MCD), has no clue whether the BRT will be a central or side-dedicated bus lane. PWD officials say the design will be finalized by consultants. The PWD is still in the process of hiring them.With a cost of Rs 15-20 crore per kilometre, the experimentation drive by the Delhi government on the BRT project that will cover over 300km raises several questions. Why is it insisting on extending the corridor when the existing one still doesn't function properly ? In a city with shrinking road space, rampant encroachment, lax enforcement, why is the government relying on a system that can only tackle moderate traffic flow? The government's refusal to allow public participation in the decision process has only mired the project in more controversy. But is the government listening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12227837", "title": "Lessons to MLAs on tobacco harms", "text": "BHOPAL: In a first move of its kind, legislators in Madhya Pradesh would be sensitized about the dangers posed by tobacco consumption and cancer at a function to be organized in the state assembly, according to state medical officers association (MOA).According to MOA president, Dr Lalit Shrivastava, \"Estimates by Unicef and ministry of health indicate that about 2 crore people consume tobacco in the state and about 66 lakh are likely to die due to cancer or its side effects in the next decade.\"The programme scheduled for March 13, is likely to be attended by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and speaker Ishwardas Rohani among others.Madhya Pradesh recorded 3,179 cases of breast cancer deaths in 2010. \"Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, a specialist from Tata Memorial Hospital would address the gathering in a 20 minute presentation,\" said Dr Shrivastava informing that the process of making public places free of tobacco consumption will undertaken under the campaign and counselling sessions will also be held for tobacco addicts.The problem was highlighted in a testing by Madhya Pradesh Food and Drug Administration (FDA) which found traces of harmful magnesium carbonate or tobacco or both and all leading brands of gutka failed the test.India has 75,000 to 80,000 new cases of oral cancer per year, the world's highest incidence as per World Health Organisation (WHO) estimates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225404", "title": "Water supply poses a major challenge", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP-led NVA government that has retained power faces a major challenge in solving the water supply problem of the city. Not only the total supply may become inadequate soon the existing water supply is not evenly distributed. By and large west Nagpur gets adequate water supply while north, east and south Nagpur face water problems.The last government had constructed a new water pumping station on Kanhan river with a capacity of 240 million litres per day (MLD), replacing the old 120 MLD plant. This has improved the overall pumping capacity and increased water supply in east and south Nagpur. The pumping capacity touched 645 MLD in January against 540 to 550 MLD in winter of 2010-11.However, the biggest problem facing the city is inordinate delay in completion of Pench IV project that will increase the water supply by 115 MLD. There is no additional water supply source for Nagpur in coming six to seven years. The work of improving distribution network under the project is nearly complete but the quantum of supply will not increase before 2013 end according to NMC's own estimates.The completion of Pench IV pipeline and 115 MLD water treatment plant are imperative for this. The pumping station at Gorewada is the biggest problem as work is yet to begin on it. The project is still having land acquisition problems.According to NMC, 50% of water supplied to the city is either pilfered or leaks due to cracked pipelines. If the pipelines are replaced by new ones, leakage will reduce thus increasing the effective water supply. Secondly, when pilferers will be forced to pay bills, they will stop wasting water.NMC has implemented the 24x7 project for achieving these objectives with the help of a private operator OCWL. NMC will now have to assure that the private operator does not overcharge consumers and itself. It must also ensure that OCWL invests the amount it has committed. As per projections of NMC consultants, the project would benefit NMC, citizens as well as the operator. Only time will tell.NMC has decided to construct large number of cement roads. OCWL will dig up roads for replacing old pipelines. Unless there is coordination between OCWL and NMC officials the city roads will become a mess.This government will have to start work to increase water supply of the city from other sources. There are three possible sources - Rahari barrage, Kochi reservoir and Jamghat reservoir. These are costly projects and still at the drawing board stage.The city may face acute water shortage when Charai dam is completed on Pench river in Chhindwara district. Water will be released from Charai only after reaching a certain level. This is bound to reduce the input to Totladoh and hence water supply to the city. Maharashtra will have to seek a commitment from Madhya Pradesh government to ensure that Nagpur does not become water-starved.Mayor Anil Sole said that water projects would be given top priority while City Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta said that Congress would take the government to task if it fails on any front, including water supply.Commenting on 24x7 project, he said that all the corporators and senior party leaders will decide the strategy on this issue. \"We will not allow consumers to be exploited.\"ProblemsWater supply may soon become inadequate for the cityLot of water is wasted effectively reducing the supplyOCWL may overcharge NMC and consumersOCWL may not invest the amount it has committedThere is no additional source of water supply to meet the need after 2020Charai dam will reduce water flow to Totladoh affecting city's water supplySolutionsPench IV project should be completed on priorityOld pipelines will have to replaced and water theft stoppedA proper and transparent monitoring mechanism will have to be evolvedCommon people should have access to OCWL's workingNMC seriously needs to take up proposals to construct dams on MP borderMaharashtra government will have to ensure that Totladoh gets adequate flowCitizen's speak* Water supply is not adequate in my area, especially in summer. I expect the new government to solve it. BJP chief Nitin Gadkari wants to contest Lok Sabha elections from the city. I think he will ensure that the problem is solved.Ratanlal Thakre, student, Hanuman Nagar* Water problem is going to increase by the day as the supply is reducing due to destruction of environment. NMC can't do much about it. The government must take immediate steps to conserve environment.Sanjay Randive, tuition class owner, Reshimbagh* Supply is okay but water tax should be reduced. NMC must make it mandatory for those having wells to use NMC water only for drinking. Rainwater harvesting should also be made compulsory.Madhura Indapawar, homemaker, Samarth Nagar* I live in a co-operative housing society and do not face much water supply related problems. The new government is now in a celebration mode and will pay attention to the water sector only after a month.Laxman Kari, senior citizen, Shivaji Nagar* There is no water problem in my area. The bills are also okay. However, the condition of roads is very bad. The new government should also do something about improving the Starbus service.Umesh Bhadade, student, Reshimbagh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "samajwadi party has swept to power in up. but now begins the hard part", "code": "12225684", "title": "Agenda for Akhilesh", "text": "Samajwadi Party has swept to power in UP. But now begins the hard part: governance. Violent clashes have already started, and senior leaders will want to have their way with a young CM. Akhilesh Yadav has his (very tough) job cut out1.Healthcare | Though the state made a lot of news for NHRM scams, the real problem is much more serious. According to the Common Review Mission report on UP, published in February 2012, the plan for the upgradation of health facilities was deeply flawed. \"The quality of public healthcare system in UP is very poor. Also, infant mortality, an important social indicator, along with female mortality, is another key aspect that the new government will have to focus on. Since the Samajwadi Party had taken up this issue two years ago, I am hopeful there will be some change,\" says Dr Neelam Singh, member, Central Monitoring Committee.2.Power | Power generation in the state is currently pegged at 11,000 mw. Though MoUs for 15,000 mw power generation have been signed, work has not begun in most cases. Even if all power plants start operating to capacity by 2014, a power deficit will still remain owing to the increasing demand for power. \"There is a need to increase production and upgrade the transmission systems in place. In addition, there is a need to create an independent feeder system for villages so that they can get uninterrupted power supply,'' says SM Agarwal, advisor to the chairman, UP Power Corporation Limited.3.Education infrastructure | Education infrastructure in UP continues to be one of the key areas of concern. The enrolment of students into primary schools may have picked up after the introduction of the Right to Education Act, but the dropout rate of students continues to be over 30%. A very high rate compared to many other states. The state of higher education is no better. \"Though there are quite a few colleges in UP, the quality of research is in a poor condition. Shortage of trained staff across education levels will have to be addressed by the new government,\" says Moulindu Mishra, former president of Lucknow University-affiliated Colleges Teachers' Association.4.Unemployment | A day after results of the 2012 assembly elections were declared, massive crowds could be seen at employment exchanges in the state. Most of them had gathered there in the hope that the new government would immediately announce some dole and pay them unemployment allowance as promised in its manifesto. Almost 10 % of the population is without a job, and the government will have to work hard to create opportunities for them. \"Polytechnics have an intake capacity of 45,000 students. By increasing their intake, employment generation can be increased. But this means many of the defunct institutes will need revival,\" said an official.5.Investment | One of the major areas that the new government will need to focus on is more investment in the state. Though the auto ancillary industry has a major presence in Noida and Ghaziabad - by virtue of being in the National Capital Region - distribution of industry is skewed through the rest of the state. As far as major industries are concerned, Bundelkhand and the eastern regions of the state are almost entirely neglected. \"UP needs land reforms. For setting up manufacturing units in the state, acquisition of land is not easy. Also, there is need for a clear, comprehensive industrial policy in the state. Once this is put in place, the word about UP's industry-friendly image will spread immediately, like it did in Gujarat,'' says Ved Krishna, former chairman UP CII.6.Crime | The state was relatively peaceful during Mayawati's rule. Now, it will be a big challenge for the new SP government to keep its \"goonda-raj\" image at bay. Within two days of the election results being declared, a number of violent attacks have been reported from across the state. Former police officers want the new government to take law and order seriously. \"The government should not interfere in the postings of officers. The officers need to be assured that there will be no interference with the law, regardless of who the lawbreaker is,'' says Prakash Singh, former director-general of UP Police.7.Tourism | With a range of pilgrimage centres, the state is one of the favourite destination for domestic tourists. And UP has the Taj Mahal. But the state has been unable to tap its potential despite being home to the grand monument, Fatehpur Sikri, the mausoleum of Sheikh Salim Chisti and ghats of Varanasi. It has failed to create a network of hotels and good infrastructure. \"There is need for coordinated development. If hotels are planned for a tourist circuit, road networks and power supply situation also need to be addressed,'' says Avnish Awasthi, principal secretary, department of tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12229300", "title": "IBM CEO to shareholders: We're well on track", "text": "NEW YORK: International Business Machines Corp (IBM) is \"well on track\" to achieving its 2015 growth targets, Chief Executive Officer Virginia \"Ginni\" Rometty said in her first annual letter to shareholders.The world's largest computer-services provider aims to generate \"at least\" $20 a share in operating earnings by 2015, Rometty reiterated in the 2011 annual report published over the weekend. She became the first female CEO in the company's 100- year history in January.\"Our investors benefit from a business model that is both sustainable over the long term and fueled by some of the world's most attractive high-growth markets and technologies,\" Rometty wrote. \"Our strong strategic positioning, solid balance sheet, recurring revenue, robust profit streams and unmatched global reach give us confidence that we will achieve success in the next five years.\"Rometty succeeded Sam Palmisano , inheriting a five-year plan that includes boosting software to half of IBM's earnings, with a focus on programs that help businesses analyze and project trends, as well as on cloud computing and emerging growth markets. Palmisano remains as chairman.\"The next decade holds enormous promise for IBM,\" Rometty wrote. \"We are uniquely positioned to deliver the benefits of a vast new natural resource -- a gusher of data from both man-made and natural systems that can now be tapped to help businesses and institutions succeed in an increasingly complex and dynamic global economy.\"IBM rose less than 1 per cent, to $200.62, in New York trading on March 9. Last week, the shares closed above $200 for the first time, factoring in stock splits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12231425", "title": "Notification issued for three Rajya Sabha seats from Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: A notification was issued here on Monday for election to three Rajya Sabha seats from Rajasthan.The last date for filing of nomination papers is March 19. Scrutiny will take place on March 20 and nominations can be withdrawn by March 22, Returning Officer, Krishna Murari Gupta said.Polling, if required, will take place on March 30, he said.The polling is necessitated as Abhishek Manu Singhvi, Narendra Budania (both Congress) and BJP's Ram Das Agarwal are due to complete their terms as RS members from Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12227813", "title": "Ghat Ki Ghuni project to be on time", "text": "JAIPUR: Those who travel on Jaipur -Agra road and facing huge inconvenience due to traffic jams can soon heave a sigh of relief as the Ghat Ki Ghuni tunnel project is likely to be completed on time.With the completion of project by June 30, 2012, aimed at providing an alternative to the narrow Jaipur-Agra Road here, traffic jams will be greatly reduced in the area. At present, heavy vehicles, cars and jeeps all pass through the narrow road passage at Ghat Ki Ghuni.\"As per the detailed project report, in first year, nearly 4,500 passenger car units (PCUs) is expected to ply on the route per day day,\" said executive engineer Sanjeev Kumar Jain.Every year traffic increases in the city by nearly 10%. The tunnel will help in the smooth passage of vehicles and once it is opened, almost 2,800 metres could be covered in just eight minutes from one end to the other crossings in Jhalana Hills.\"Once the tunnel is constructed, a systematic traffic plan will be drawn up. The Transport Nagar underpass will also be constructed. The tunnel will be opened for heavy vehicles. Jeeps, cars and two-wheelers will pass through the underpass,\" said an official. The toll plaza has been constructed on the Jawahar Nagar end and heavy vehicles passing through the tunnel will have to pay fees, whereas there will be no toll fee for vehicles including jeeps and cars.Officials plan not to construct the proposed circle on Goner Road and instead install a signal on the junction. The circle could lead to traffic jams in future. \"If around 3,000 vehicles pass per hour, then constructing a circle is not viable. We have studied the case and planned to make a junction,\" said an official.According to experts, the opening of the Jawahar Nagar bypass tunnel may lead to traffic jams as heavy vehicles will also ply on the road which is only 50 metres wide.\"The problem may become serious in future, as till 2020 the expected traffic passing through tunnel will be 21,000 PCUs. Also, the service lanes below Transport Nagar flyover are only 7.5-metres wide. This too can cause traffic jams,\" said an official.However, according to JDA engineers, the service lanes would be sufficient for the smooth flow of traffic. \"The width of the road to be constructed in the tunnel will be 9 metres. The width of the service lane will be almost equal and there will be no problem. A part of the traffic will also be diverted to Jawahar Nagar bypass,\" said an engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230761", "title": "No walk out from Prakash Raj", "text": "No sooner had Dil Raju announced his multi-starrer project Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu than it started generating a lot of curiosity.And now, rumor has it that Prakash Raj has walked out of the film. Some even went ahead and reported that he has been replaced by Anupam Kher or Nasser. But when we asked producer Dil Raju about this, he retorted, \"Did Prakash Raj tell anybody that he walked out of my film or that he is not doing the film? If he has said so or says something about it, only then will I answer this question.\"He added that this piece is only a figment of imagination. Dil Raju said Prakash Raj is very much a part of the film and thus, there is no question of replacement. In fact, the entire star cast will be announced in a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12227928", "title": "Sealing: Civic body to submit status report in SC today", "text": "NOIDA: With the end of elections in Gautam Budh Nagar, the Noida Authority is all set to submit its report about unauthorized commercial units operating out of residential areas before the Supreme Court. Displaced banks had been given extended time till March 16 to shift their operations from non-conforming areas.Noida Authority CEO, Capt SK Dwivedi said that the consolidated status report of all banks and other establishments will be submitted before the apex court. Asked about re-starting the sealing drive, Dwivedi said, \"So far, we have not decided the exact date of resuming the sealing drive, however we will decide it after the hearing on Monday.\"Sources in Noida Authority say that in the status report banks have been catagorised in three different sections. In the first section, those banks have been listed who had applied and got plots through the scheme carried out by the Authority; in the section category are banks that had applied for plots but did not get them; and in the third remaining banks have been listed. Meanwhile, all banks have submitted their affidavits with the Authority.A senior Noida Authority official said, \"The Supreme Court gave its verdict on a reconsideration plea, but it is clearly mentioned in the PIL that the sealing drive of nursing homes and other commercial centres will commence on the scheduled date.\"Though the Authority claims that it will not spare unauthorized establishments running business from residential and other non-conforming areas in Noida, it seems to be dragging its feet after its first step of sealing illegal properties on January 27.\"If the allottees fail to stop the commercial activities, the lease deed cancellation letter will be given on the spot during the sealing drive. The residential department, maintenance and enforcement branches will jointly carry out the drive,\" the Authority official said.A total of 104 bank branches were running their units against the land use in the city, and 38 of them have been allotted plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12227500", "title": "Labourer buried alive; mob indulge in violence, demanding compensation", "text": "KANPUR: A 22 years old labourer was buried alive and several other received injuries when a JCM machine engaged in filling a pit, dropped mud and debris on them at Jajmau crossing on Sunday. The incident led to violence. An irate mob damaged the JCB machine and started throwing stones on the passing vehicles. Sonu, a native of Banda, was buried alive. Other labourers, who sustained wounds, escaped from the spot.The residents of the area alleged that the JCB driver did not alert the workers before dropping debris.\"Sonu and few other labourers were covering the sewer pipes. Suddenly the JCB dropped the debris on them and they were buried,\" eyewitnesses said. \"We pulled them out and found that Sonu had died. Other labourers, who got panicked, escaped,\" said another resident of the area.Hundreds of people gathered Lucknow-Kanpur highway and blocked the road. The agitators demanded compensation for the family members of Sonu. They also stopped the police from taking away the body. The residents of the area held the contractor and the driver of the JCB responsible for the accident. A UPSRTC bus was also targeted by the mob.The situation was brought under control when additional police force and traffic cops reached the spot. The locals demanded a suitable compensation for the dependents of the deceased and those injured.ADM city Shailendra Kumar Singh reached the spot and convinced the mob that the family of the labourer would be compensated as per rules. Police assured the driver of the JCB would be arrested soon.The JCB has been seized and efforts are on to arrest the driver.The body was sent for post-mortem examination.Samajwadi Party MLA from Sisamau Irfan Solanki and his supporters reached the spot and gave Rs 2 lakh to the dependants of Sonu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12231550", "title": "Reemma ties the knot with Shiv Karan", "text": "Reemma Sen married her long time beau Shiv Karan Singh yesterday. The wedding ceremony was a grand event that took place at a farm house near Vasant Kunj, New Delhi.The couple has been dating for the past four years but Reemma had always denied their relationship in public. She had maintained even a couple of months ago that they were good friends.Finally, the actress decided to walk down the wedding aisle and settled for March 11 as the D day. Reema and Shiv Karan's friends and relatives graced the occasion. Prior to the wedding, the Mehendi ceremony was held at the Pisces Garden on March 10th, 2012.Reemma's designers for her wedding trousseau were Sabyasachi Mukherjee , Suneet Varma and Shantanu and Nikhil.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12226804", "title": "GHMC sleeps as workers set fire to garbage in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: City residents, who have been putting up with unswept roads and uncleared garbage bins in colonies, are now being put to another inconvenience posing a major health risk __ the indiscriminate burning of garbage.In order to avoid transportation of the stinking mass of garbage, GHMC workers have started setting fire to it right in the midst of residential colonies. With this becoming a norm every morning, residents fear the poisonous smoke and dust might trigger respiratory problems, including asthma. Though complaints have been pouring in, the GHMC health wing has not been taking any action against workers on the pretext that they do not have enough vehicles to transport garbage.Incidentally, the GHMC has decided to scrap the contractor system for sweeping and collection of garbage from April 1. The civic body is planning to monitor the system on its own in order to check contractors pocketing salaries of bogus workers. In the new system, existing workers will form groups of seven persons each. One supervisor for three groups will be appointed to monitor the work.GHMC vehicles__tippers and dumper placers__lift garbage from bins in localities and unload it into 10 and 25 tonner tippers at transfer stations located in Malakpet, Khairatabad and Kavadiguda. The 10 and 25 tonne tippers in turn dump garbage at the Jawaharnagar yard, located approximately 30 kms from the city.\"GHMC workers have stopped lifting garbage from bins. Instead, they are setting it afire, putting lives of citizens at risk,\" K Raghunandan, a resident of Dattatreyanagar of Asifnagar, told TOI.Mayor Mohd Majid Hussain, who conducted a surprise inspection on sanitation recently, noticed that several bins were overflowing and directed health wing officials to get them cleared immediately. Several corporators had raised the issue of sanitation during the recent GHMC general council meeting.The GHMC claims it clears about 3,800 metric tonnes of garbage dumped in 3,500 bins across the city every day. As many as 632 vehicles, including dumper placers, tippers, compactors and tippers, are put into service for collection and transportation of garbage in the Greater Hyderabad limits. About 110 vehicles are at the disposal of the Malakpet transfer station, 121 at Khairatabad, 101 at Kavadiguda transfer station and 16 vehicles at other municipal circle offices.Sources said lifting of garbage is being done regularly in residential localities of VIPs and main roads. The work has been affected in several other areas due to shortage of vehicles and expenditure checks on sanitation, which has touched about Rs 200 crore per year. At many colonies in surrounding municipal circles, garbage clearance is done once or twice a week.\"We are attending to complaints on burning of garbage whenever they come to our notice. A circular will be sent to sanitary supervisors on the issue,\" GHMC additional commissioner (health and sanitation) L Vandan Kumar told TOI on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225486", "title": "Monica's parents for death to murderers", "text": "NAGPUR: The scar may be a year old now but the time could not wean away the sentiment. The citizens once again joined hands to take out a candle march on the first death anniversary of Monica Kirnapure demanding capital punishment for the assailants and extending solidarity with her parents who had come to Shree Nagar in Nandanvan to pay homage to their late daughter on Sunday.Monica's parents, shattered by their elder daughter's death, highlighted their plight and indifference of the state government which did not appoint special prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam till date to fight the case. Monica's mother Vandana said that if the assailants get away with anything short of capital punishment then there would be more such tragedies.\"You spare the assailants easily and there would be another Monica bleeding on the road on way to the college,\" Vandana said. \"When Monica cried for help, no one came. When my daughter wanted water, no one came. Now she is dead. But there is no end to injustice with her. One year has passed but assailants are yet to be punished,\" said Vandana. The family also spoke about its anguish as the government did nothing to keep the promise of extending educational help to Monica's younger sister Trupti.Monica's father said that citizens' support had kept hopes alive for justice to his slain daughter. \"Monica wanted to see everyone happy in the family,\" he said. The family participated in the candle march that started from KDK College square before culminating at the spot where the assailants had stabbed Monica.Apart from strict punishment, a group of women social workers also demanded better security to the fairer sex and strict action against atrocities against them. Social worker and Nationalist Congress Party's city women wing president Nutan Rewatkar, who paid homage to Monica along with her party colleagues at the spot, sought a police station for the eves.Rewatkar said that there should be a police station where women felt free to walk in and express their grievances to ensure that incidents like Monica murder are not repeated. \"Within a week of Monica's murder, there was a gruesome killing of a woman in the red-light area after she refused to marry a goon,\" she said.\"A police station exclusively for women is the need of the hour. The city police have already forwarded my proposal for such a police station and the process is underway,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227671", "title": "Schol watch", "text": "The Avery Dennison Foundation InvEnt (Invention + Entrepreneurship) Scholarship Programme aims to reward invention, innovation and excellence in high-achieving students studying in the fields of engineering and technology at selected higher education institutions in India. The programme was developed to encourage students to continue in these fields after graduation by helping them meet their financial needs during the period of their university attendance.The scholarship is primarily merit-based . Selected students will receive US $1,200 scholarship to be used in their second year of study. The InvEnt Programme also includes a series of engaging on-campus 'Discover Innovation Workshops' for awardees and other interested members of the academic community at participating colleges.The participating colleges are MS Ramaiah Institute of Technology, Bangalore; Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani; Anna University, Chennai and Pune Vidhyarthi Griha's College of Engineering and Technology, Pune.Who can apply:All Indian nationals, who are high-achieving and are currently enrolled in the first year of studies at a participating college are eligible to apply. The candidate should ideally be interested in invention and innovation in science and technology and should be studying any one of the following academic fields: chemical engineering, industrial engineering, mechanical engineering, textile engineering or print engineering. The deadline for submitting the application form is March 15.Check website:For more information on application forms, etc, log on to the website www .iie.org/avery-dennison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226519", "title": "Pipe burst at Marappalam leaves city high and dry", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Many residential areas in the city went without water on Saturday night and most part of Sunday as a water authority pipe burst at Marappalam on Saturday evening. It was a 400 mm pipe, which carried drinking water from the Kerala Water Authority's reservoir at Peroorkada, that burst affecting major locations in the city, including Pattom, Marappalam, Gowreesapattam, Kannammoola, Kumarapuram and residential areas surrounding Thiruvananthapuram Medical College Hospital.The pipe burst came as a shock to the city residents, especially the parents of students who are preparing for annual examination on Monday. \"I have grandchildren preparing for the examination, and the sudden shortage of water has affected their preparations,\" said Pattom Ravi, a resident of Gowreesapattam.Though, the KWA authorities said that they distributed water to all houses using tanker lorries, people complained that the water was insufficient. Some even complained that they did not get any water at all.The pipe which burst belonged to the category of primo pipes. It is made of an alloy of cement concrete and metal, which is susceptible to wear and tear. The pipe suffered a crack along its circumference. The KWA officials said that the pipe burst owing to the wear and tear. They said the pipe was over 40 years old.\"Repair works have been going on without a break ever since the crack was detected. We expect to repair it and re-establish water distribution by Monday morning,\" said Binu, assistant executive engineer of KWA, who was supervising the works. The crack would be sealed using a metal seal called mechanical Joint. It is a ring made of mild steel.The leakage would stop once the ring is placed over the crack and its screws tightened. About six months ago the same pipe had burst, about 300 meters away from the present location.Meanwhile a series of water pipe leakages were detected at Kudappanakkunnu the previous day. However, the leakages were repaired within 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "12226661", "title": "Cops plan roads in Red-infested forests", "text": "WARANGAL: In a move to put an end to Maoist presence in the thick forest areas bordering Chhattisgarh, top police authorities are mulling construction of roads in interior areas of the Godavari basin to check the movement of rebels in the deep jungles.Sources said the district police brass is working out ways to lay the road connecting Chhattisgarh to Eturunagaram via Mahadevpur in Karimnagar forest area. According to these sources, the road would be constructed from the border village of Chhattisgarh to Kistapur via Eturunagaram. The isolated Kukunur village is one of the Maoist hideouts.Sources said Mahadevpur-Eturunagaram area committee secretary Damodar is trying to revive Maoist activists and regroup the cadres. Top police officials do not rule out the possibility of infiltration of some Maoist cadres from Chhattisgarh during last month's Sammakka-Saralamma jatara in Eturunagaram.The police are wary about the recent discoveries of landmines and cash dumps belonging to Naxals and hence do not want to take any chances, sources added. \"These incidents are indicative of Maoist presence in the Agency areas in North Telangana districts, especially in Mahadevpur forest area,\" a policeman said.Police authorities believe that laying of roads to interior villages and Agency areas would curtail the movements of Maoists in the forest zones as they would not risk taking the road route. \"Also, the roads will benefit the rural poor who can move easily for medical help in case of any emergency,\" the official pointed out.It may be recalled that the rebels had tried to blast the Eturunagaram police station in 2001 and expand their activities in the Agency. But police destroyed their network with the help of couriers and surrendered Naxals and drove them out from the forest area. It was only in the recent past that the Maoists have tried to regroup and create disturbance in the Agency mandals, much to the chagrin of the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225362", "title": "'Need a mechanism to cap rising prices'", "text": "NAGPUR: It is nothing new that the common man is finding it increasingly difficult to make two ends meets due to the exorbitantly escalating prices.But what is more depressing is the fact that even in this age of supposed political awakening, he is finding himself completely helpless in this regard.As the union budget inches nearer, families say that they are not in a position to expect, but only to hope. \"What is in our hands? Nothing. We can protest for a day or two against the rising prices, but the final call is in the hands of the politicians,\" said Nila Patil, lecturer, Shivaji Science College.\"Things are going beyond our control and reach. Some kind of mechanism to cap the rising prices of everything, is the need of the hour,\" said Umesh Wankhede, sales manager, HDFC Life.He further added that the ATC limits should be increased so that people save more. \"A regular saving habit will help in the coming years when the prices reach sky high. Along with this, I think personal or family insurance must be made compulsory, which will help people maintain their lives in case of an unprecedented tragedy,\" Wankhede said.5Archana Uchke, a housewife was more concerned about the rising prices of domestic gas and vegetables and wants them to be controlled. \"It has become difficult for the common man to cope up with the rising prices,\" she said.Agreeing with Uchke was Nila Patil who said, \"If they cannot reduce the prices of these daily need items including petrol, they should at least ensure that the rates are not hiked.\"She further added that something must be done to check the spiralling rates of real estate. \"Today, the common man cannot even dream about owning a house,\" she said.Education is another sector which has left people agog with the massive amount of money involved in it. \"Education should be made affordable. I am paying Rs 90,000 a year for my daughter's education. I think it is about time that government intervenes in the educational sector which has become a money making venture,\" said Sudhir Chaoji, city businessman.He also added that the reason for the increase of commodities of daily need was a result of recurring imposition of VAT at various levels of trade.\"VAT should be imposed only once, that will help in the reduction of prices a lot,\" said Chaoji.An increase in the standard deduction limit and a reduction in prices, especially of domestic gas and petrol are things that Komalam Nair, a housewife wants from the upcoming budget 2012.\"We are helpless. Matching the price rise has become difficult. It is high time that the government takes notice of the plight of the common man who is hit the worst and design policies according to their needs,\" said Sudhir Chaoji.What families want is an economic environment which will promote stability, control price rise and assure sustainability to them.Wish ListControl on the increasing prices of daily need commodities like vegetables, domestic gas and petrol.Government intervention in education.Reduction in ATC limits.One time imposition of VAT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227509", "title": "Games scam: Charges to be framed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court is going to frame charges on Monday against six people, including four MCD officials, for their alleged role in a corruption case involving streetlighting before the 2010 Commonwealth Games.Special CBI judge Pradeep Chaddah had reserved its order on February 24 to formally frame charges against MCD superintendent engineer D K Sugan, executive engineer O P Mahala, accountant Raju V and tender clerk Gurcharan Singh.The court had also decided to frame charges against director J P Singh and managing director T P Singh of private firm Sweska Powertech Engineers Pvt Ltd, who were allegedly illegally favoured in awarding the streetlighting contract. Except Raju, all others are in judicial custody.Another accused, Mehul Karnik, an employee of Philips India Pvt Ltd, was discharged from the case. The court had said there was prima facie evidence to put these people on trial for their alleged roles in the case. The CBI had charged the accused under Sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 420 (cheating), forgery under the IPC and various provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.The streetlightning scam is one of the 10 CWG-related scams under the CBI. The MCD had decided to upgrade streetlightning to international standard before the Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12226401", "title": "Policy paralysis hits India's submarine manufacturing plans", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's submarine manufacturing plans remain stuck in a debilitating policy paralysis despite China and Pakistan systematically adding teeth to their underwater combat capabilities.After going around in circles for two years, it's back to square one as far as the proposed over Rs 50,000 crore 'Project-75 India' to construct six new-generation conventional submarines, armed with both land-attack missile capabilities and air-independent propulsion (AIP) for greater underwater endurance, is concerned.Defence acquisitions council headed by A K Antony, on its part, has now given a fresh go-ahead to the naval proposal to directly import two of the six diesel-electric stealth submarines from the foreign collaborator eventually selected for P-75India. The remaining four boats will be built at Mazagon Docks (MDL) at Mumbai and Hindustan Shipyard Ltd (HSL) at Visakhapatnam after transfer of technology.This marks a return to the original decision taken in early-2010, which had run aground due to squabbling between Navy and MoD's defence production department. \"P-75India should have got going several years ago. With so much delay in even finalizing its contours, India cannot hope to induct these submarines anytime before 2022 at the earliest now,'' said a source.With MoD deciding to keep the private sector out of the immediate submarine production plans, a scramble is in progress to \"ready'' the case for fresh approval by CCS. \"The global tender (request for proposal) can only be floated after the CCS nod since two submarines have to be imported. Moreover, the AoN (acceptance of necessity) for P-75India lapses in August,'' said the source.Navy, incidentally, had all along pushed for importing the first two submarines to make up for lost time. But others in the defence establishment argued the 30-year submarine building plan, as approved by Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) in July 1999, envisaged that all 24 vessels would be manufactured in India, the first 12 with transfer of technology from foreign collaborators and the next 12 indigenously.But 13 years later, not even one new submarine is anywhere close to induction. Even Project-75, under which six French Scorpene submarines are being constructed at MDL for Rs 23,562 crore, is running three years behind the original 2012-2017 induction schedule.Second, there were major differences on the shipyards, public as well as private, that would execute the second line of submarines under P-75I. After three committees over two years, first led by a joint secretary, then the defence secretary and finally by technocrat V Krishnamurthy, which also assessed the capabilities of private shipyards like L&T;, Pipavav and ABG, and intervention by the PMO, the end result has come to naught.Amid all this rigmarole, India is left with just 10 ageing Russian Kilo-class and four German HDW submarines, with just over half of them being fully operational at any given time. Projections show only five of the existing 14 submarines will be operational by 2020. India, even with six new Scorpenes by then, will remain far short of the minimum of 18 conventional submarines required to deter Pakistan and China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12226798", "title": "Unlike winter session, NDA not to boycott Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Preparing to take on the UPA government as Parliament opens for the budget session on Monday, opposition NDA on Sunday worked out an aggressive strategy with the focus on \"assault on federalism\".With most of the opposition parties, including those outside the NDA combine, as well as some ruling UPA allies like Trinamool Congress and DMK ready to protest against the Centre's interference in state matters, the NDA will ask for a discussion on assault on federalism, it was decided at the NDA parliamentary party meeting held at NDA chairman L K Advani's residence on Sunday.The NDA has also decided that it will take on home minister P Chidambaram on the floor of the House instead of boycotting him as it did in the winter session. Since the discussion on \"assault on federalism\" will need the home minister's presence and replies, NDA leaders decided against continuing the boycott.The government, however, may have just escaped an opposition barrage in the House over its decision to ban cotton exports. By withdrawing the notification on Sunday, the government seems to have avoided disruption of the House right from the start as NDA leaders had decided to take it up.The opposition combine has also demanded that the Rajya Sabha should begin the budget session from the point at which the House had abruptly shut around midnight on December 29. On that day, Rajya Sabha was discussing the Lokpal bill, which could not be passed.Seeking to capitalize on the poor performance of Congress in the assembly polls, the NDA decided to add another partner to the alliance by including Janata Party headed by Subramanian Swamy. \"Swamy was keen to join the alliance and had been meeting NDA leaders,\" senior BJP leader S S Ahluwalia told reporters after the meeting.The number of NDA allies now rises to six. The other five constituents of the combine are BJP, JD(U), Shiromani Akali Dal, Shiv Sena and Ramdas Athawale-led Republican Party of India (A).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "wadia village (banaskantha)", "code": "12226222", "title": "Mass wedding of sex workers held", "text": "WADIA VILLAGE (BANASKANTHA): Those who consider themselves respectable have generally stayed away from this village of prostitutes - Wadia. But on Sunday, all roads led to this dusty hamlet as it made history. For the first time after Independence, eight young girls - daughters of prostitutes - got married to grooms from Saurashtra and Rajasthan.It was a sight to behold as grooms armed with swords strutted into the wedding venue, wearing ceremonial turbans bedecked with twinkling lights. The sparkle competed only with the gleaming faces of the grooms, who rode in on their choice of vehicles, ranging from bikes to autorickshaws and a truck.The celebrations also saw 12 minor girls being engaged to youngsters in front of 3,000 people who had gathered to witness the weddings. \"In Wadia, if a woman gets married or even engaged, she is not forced into prostitution by the villagers. We have effectively protected these girls from the flesh trade,\" said Raju Param of Vicharti Jaati Samuday Samarthan Manch. The manch has been spearheading reforms in Wadia.State water supplies minister Parbat Patel along with several other officials and a host of media people were witness to the mass wedding. Banaskantha collector A H Vora played the role of maternal uncle to all the girls getting married. He gifted sarees as blessings to the newlyweds. Traders and businessmen of Banaskantha also pitched in by gifting 28 different household items including a solar light to the couples.Interestingly, no one had cooked in the village on Sunday as they all enjoyed a post-wedding feast. Kanji Saraniya, brother of one of the brides, said, \"I believe many other girls will follow in my sister's footsteps and get married. It is time this tag of the village of prostitutes vanishes.\" \"Three other families wanted us to include their daughters into the wedding at the last minute,\" said Mattal Patel of the manch.\"We could not include them this time, but it shows that we have made the right beginning. We plan to have such weddings every year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12228103", "title": "Soya meal traders seek cut in freight charges", "text": "INDORE: Taking a cue from the recent reduction of freight charges on iron ore by the railway ministry ahead of the rail budget, which is slated for March 14, the soybean traders in the state have demanded that the ministry should consider a similar measure in the case of freight charges on soybean meal.Nearly 60% of the soybean meal produced in the country is transported to countries like Vietnam, Thailand, Japan, Korea and the Middle-East countries. Some of the ports in the country through which soybean meal was exported include Kandla, Mumbai and Visakhapatnam. This year, the country is expected to export 45 lakh metric tonne of soybean meal, as against the figure of 40 lakh metric tonne exported the previous year.The government's decision is also likely to impact the import of the soybean meal. Interestingly, nearly 50% of the domestic requirement of edible oil, including soya refined oil, is met through import. \"The government's move will hit us hard and it was likely to result in making the soya refine oil, which was currently ruling a price tag of Rs 75 per litre, dearer by Rs 2,\" said a soybean meal trader.Talking to ToI, Rajesh Agrawal, spokesman and convenor of Soybean Processors' Association of India (SOPA), said that the railway ministry has increased the freight charges on soybean meal by 25-30% with immediate effect.That is why, we have made a representation before the ministry, urging it to consider a cut in freight charges on soybean products on the lines of iron ore, added Agrawal. \"We strongly feel that the industry was not in a position to absorb the rise in freight charges,\" he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12226729", "title": "Police to intensify night patrolling at religious places", "text": "PANAJI: DIG Ravindra Yadav has directed the police department to intensify night patrolling in and around places of religious worship following a few cases of desecration during the last few days.Further, police have been asked to question any suspicious looking persons who are found loitering around places of religious importance after midnight. They should be thoroughly questioned regarding their presence at such venues, he said.Police have been asked to activate their local intelligence staff at all police stations. Night patrolling has to be strictly monitored by the PIs, SDPOs and SPs. The police officials have also been asked to hold talks with heads of religious institutions and review the security situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12225899", "title": "Saifai wears a festive look for Akhilesh", "text": "KANPUR: As soon as the name of 38-year-old Akhilesh Yadav was proposed by senior Samajwadi Party (SP) leader Azam Khan as the next chief minister of UP on Saturday at a meeting of party's parliamentary board in Lucknow, SP supporters in huge number thronged the streets of Saifai, the native place of Akhilesh. Dancing, Singing and sprinkling of 'abeer' and 'gulal', they danced to the loud tunes of 'nagaras' (drums) to celebrate the historical moment.Three-time MP from Kannauj, Akhilesh will be the youngest chief minister of the most populous state on India.Rakesh, Surendra and Santosh, all childhood friends of Akhilesh, distributed 'prasad' and flowers to the jubilant crowds gathered on the lawns of the Yadavs.The streets of Saifai wore a festive look as at every nook and corner of the locality, locals were witnessed smearing one another with 'abeer' and 'gulal', giving a feel of Holi, the festival of colours that was celebrated a few days back. The supporters were carrying life-sized photo frame of Akhilesh and the party's election symbol, the \"Cycle\". Security was beefed up in and around the area which houses the Yadav's native place. Police had put up barricades and kept a watch on visitors, who included a strong battery of mediapersons.Akhilesh's nephew, Tej Pratap Singh, who was the only family member present there, has been looking after the arrangements at the house. He was seen busy catering to the increasing rush of party supporters. There were unending resounding slogans like 'Akhilesh Bhaiyya Zinadabad' and 'Bhavi Mukhyamantri Zindabad'.Talking to TOI, Tej Pratap dedicated the victory of his party to Mulayam Singh and Shiv Pal and Akhilesh, besides all the other senior and junior members of the family and party workers and people across the state and said that the SP-led government would fulfil all the promise made to the electorate and provide good governance and an impartial administration.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227600", "title": "Project funds landed in Jains accounts", "text": "Additional superintendent of police Ishu Sandhu,who led the team that arrested Sureshdada Jain on Saturday night,attributed the delay in initiating criminal proceedings against Jain and others to technical reasons.We had to procure documents from Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited,urban development department and director of municipal administration.Now that we have evidence,we will take the case to its logical end, he said.The ostensible scam dates back to 1997,when JMCwhere Jain had great cloutfloated a tender for the construction of 11,000 affordable houses in Jalgaon city.This,despite the fact it was not in the civic bodys mandate to build houses.As per JMC records,11 builders and developers applied for the tender.Subsequently,the municipal corporation amended the tender conditions and directed the projects completion in nine months.As a result,all but two biddersGolani Constructions and Khandesh Buildersfell out of the fray.For technical reasons,Golanis proposal was rejected and the contract thus awarded to Khandesh.Officials alleged that Khandesh was a front company of Jain.A senior officer told TOI that the nine sites selected for the project were questionable.Five of them did not belong to the JMC while the remaining were reserved for school,hospital,playground or garden.Explaining Jains alleged part in the scam,the officer said that an advance of Rs 30 crore paid to Khandesh Builders was funnelled to accounts held or controlled by the legislator.Further,the telephone and fax numbers and the address on the builders letterhead belonged to Jain.The worst part is that while the project of 11,000 tenements was to be finished within nine months,fewer than 1,000 dwellings have been built till now. About six years ago,acting on a complaint by BJP leader Eknath Khadse,the then Jalgaon municipal commissioner Pravin Gedam set up a high-level team to probe the housing project.He lodged a first information report with the Jalgaon police on February 3,2006 once the team found signs of a scam.Between then and last year,10 investigating officers were handed the case,but were shunted out by the time they could begin criminal proceedings. A big step forward came in January this year,when four people were arrested.These included former mayor of Jalgaon Pradip Raisoni,director of Khandesh Builders Major (Retd) Jagannath Wani,Raja Mayur and former chief executive officer of JMC P D Kale.Following the arrests,the police quizzed Jain along with Deokar.Raisoni has submitted before a magistrate that most of the funds meant for the Jalgaon housing project got transferred into the account of firms controlled by Jain.Jain,incidentally,had filed a defamation case against Anna Hazare when the social activist levelled allegations of corruption against him.The case is still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12227894", "title": "Water policy draft favours industry: Experts", "text": "PUNE: The draft National Water Policy 2012, which favours privatisation of water-delivery services, suggests pricing of water to recover operation costs and administration of water projects. Released by the ministry of water resources recently, it has evoked mixed responses from water experts in the city.The union government had circulated the 15-page draft and sought suggestions from water experts. The first such policy was in 1987 followed by another was in 2002.The 2012 draft set clear priorities on water use. According to water experts, the policy is a clear push to privatisation where the government stopped being the service provider, and communities and private sector are encouraged to play the role. This, they said, will affect farmers.The criteria for water charges based on volume, the concept of public trust doctrine which recognised the fact that water is a public good and halting encroachments and diversion of water bodies and drainage channels and their restoration found appreciation.City-based, watershed management expert Vijay Paranjpye, who has sent his observations to the ministry, told TOI that farmers will be affected if privatisation of water services is enforced. Private companies would want to make profits and would not be interested in social good.He said the policy is an improvement. \"The concept of the public trust doctrine is invoked for the first time recognising the fact that water is a public good. The citizens are duty bound to protect and conserve it but not own or dispose it at will. If implemented in letter and spirit, it will do what the other two national water policies in 1987 and 2002 could not achieve,\" he said.According to him, privatisation can come in where water services are provided. \"The service cost is acceptable both for industry and hydro power. The government should not move out as a service-provider to become a regulator. The local self-government cannot abdicate its duty. The regulatory role can come handy only when water services are privatised and not for the water source,'' he said.Paranjpye felt that if the cost of full pricing is adopted then water charge will increase substantially, especially because it will cover inefficiency, leakage and waste of water in the present system. \"The policy suggests that it will curtail misuse of a precious, but scarce resource,\" he added.The policy moots abolition of water subsidies to agricultural and domestic sectors, but says subsidies and incentives should be provided to private industry for recycling and reusing treated effluents. \"Giving incentives to private industry means rewarding them for misusing and polluting water. They should be made to pay for water treatment or pay full cost,\" Paranjpye, chairman of Gomukh Environmental Trust, said.He has suggested that 40 litres per capita per day for basic needs should be provided for the entire population free. Water consumed beyond 40 litres per capita per day (LPCD) up to 135 LPCD for normal comfort, should be charged as per cost for making treated water available. Beyond 250 LPCD, which becomes a luxury, should come at a punitive cost. This monitoring is possible by volumetric release and water meters, he said.The policy also states that the Indian Easements Act, 1882 may have to be modified so that groundwater is made public property, he said. \"For the first time, the encroachment and diversion of water bodies and drainage channels have been practically banned. It will check encroachment on water bodies in Pune and curb sand mining. Citizens must have discussions and pursue local representatives to make amendments where necessary and ask for enforcement,'' he added.K J Joy, coordinator for forum for policy dialogue on water conflicts in India, who has sent his observations to the ministry, said farmers would be badly affected if there is privatization of water services. \"It would push up the water price (tariff) and exclude may farmers, specially small and marginal farmers, from irrigation services. Irrigation water may be used only for commercial and cash corps and food crops would loose out,\" he said.A graded tariff system, where the cost of a unit of water goes up progressively if the user uses more than particular quantum or a slab, would help, he said. The regulator's role must come with a precondition that it will be accountable if somebody does not get access to water, he added. Industries should not be given any subsidies or incentives for re-cycling and re-use. Instead, it should be a condition to get access to water, Joy said.According to Parineeta Dandekar, associate coordinator from South Asia Network on dams, river and people, the policy makes a clear push for privatization of water. \"It must address ecology and environment, but keep the first priority as human needs. A law for maintaining environmental flows in all rivers should be enacted,\" she said.Sandeep Joshi, director of Shrishti Eco-Research Institute (SERI) Pune, said that pricing of water will bring a positive change where there is no wasting and appropriate use. But there should not be any discrimination or subsidies on the basis of economy or gender or rural-urban lines. The only difference is whether it is used for drinking, industry or agriculture, he added.First-time steps:* Encroachments and diversion of water bodies and drainage channels (irrigated area as well as urban area drainage) must not be allowed, and wherever it has taken place, it should be restored to the extent feasible.* The concept of river basin organisation in protection and conservation and development management has been recommended* Adaptation of climate change is fully elaborated in the policy* The Indian Easements Act, 1882 may have to be modified accordingly in as much as it appears to give proprietary rights to a land owner on groundwater under his/her land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227648", "title": "Think green, think business", "text": "Can green businesses be profitable and sustainable ? The answer is yes. Green businesses, with careful planning and a robust business plan, can become profitable ventures in the long run. Green entrepreneurs may face initial challenges such as high cost of inputs, lack of data, working with the unorganised sector, etc, which in no way mean that green businesses cannot be profitable ventures that can be sustained.\"A green business is like any other business, which has its unique challenges. Green entrepreneurs will have to compete with regular businesses but also know that green is a value-addition for customers. They have to design a robust business plan and think of the needs they are meeting in the market. This is a sunshine sector and despite the initial costs, people are investing in the green business model ,\" says Aparna Bhatnagar, cofounder, GreenNGood.com, a website that sells green products.Vimlendu Jha, executive director , Swechha, points out that there is a need to create something new from whatever exists now. \"A green entrepreneur knows the fact that he/she cannot fight the existing market but will have to create something new and earn responsibly.\"So what kind of a business model must a green entrepreneur follow? Tushar Shah, director , Daman Ganga Group, says green entrepreneurs must look forward to making money responsibly. \"A green entrepreneur should follow a business model which balances social , economic and environmental values.\"Advising green entrepreneurs , Shah says, \"Environment and green businesses shall give birth to the next Bill Gates, and two decades of green businesses will have minimum 10 times more impact as compared to the last two decades of the IT revolution.\"A discussion on sustainability of green entrepreneurship was held at the fourth YUVA meet recently at the British Council by The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) in partnership with the ministry of youth affairs and sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "dona paula", "code": "12226624", "title": "'India, worst place in world for girl child'", "text": "DONA PAULA: Despite decades of struggle particularly by the feminist movement, gender discrimination and sexual harassment - both breaches of human rights -- continue to cast a shadow on women in the country.\"In an age where we talk about equal rights for men and women, there are still instances of people being discriminated against because of their gender,\" observed Nandini Sahai, director, ICG, at a regional seminar on 'Gender discrimination at workplace: Myth or reality' on Sunday.Stating that the gender bias against women begins in the womb itself, Sahai referred to a report which stated that India was the worst place in the world for the girl child.The two-day seminar is being jointly organized by International Centre - Goa (ICG), Media Information and Communication Centre of India, FES-India, Goa University's (GU) Centre for Women's studies and Goa chamber of commerce and industry.Sahai pointed out that discrimination in pay to men and women for the same hours of work still exists.Pratima Dhond, chairperson of GCCI's women's wing felt that rural women are not exposed to the outside world. She criticized \"self help groups being mobilized by politicians.\"Dr Shaila de Souza, HoD, Centre for Women's Studies at GU maintained that gender discrimination was the outcome of the manifestation of power.\"Our society is in a transition phase,\" said de Souza, while adding that the earlier generation felt the only workplace for women was the home. \"Women are seen as a recruitment liability due to maternity leave, child care leave,\" she lamented, while adding that the reality of economic vulnerability was ignored.Social activist Shanti Fonseca, was of the opinion that women have to compromise particularly on their health in balancing home and office responsibilities.Speaking on why sexual harassment at the workplace gets swept under the carpet, Auda Viegas, president of Bailancho Ekvott, said despite the existence of complaint committees in the government sector, women are afraid to come forward as they fear reprisal, the stigma and the element of shame attached to such incidents.Narrating examples of harassment cases, Viegas said, \"Many are forced to give up their jobs (as a result)...and face embarrassment.\"\"Reporting incidents (of harassment) requires courage,\" she added. Viegas felt monitoring of sexual harassment committees was required.Sahai contended that a lack of legal awareness was one of the primary reasons sexual harassment at workplace goes unreported.\"India has the best laws for women, but there is almost no awareness of the same,\" asserted Sahai.Albertina Almeida, founding trustee of Saad Aangan said the concept of 'family or institutional honour' was a serious concern that acts as an impediment to reporting of harassment cases. Almeida felt there has to be personal accountability for non-compliance of harassment guidelines.Trupita Madkaikar, a HR manager was of the belief that many companies in Goa do not have committees to address harassment at the workplace. \"In Indian culture, the man plays a dominant role,\" Madkaikar observed. Anita Mathew, women and child rights consultant, felt the social system does not give women the forum to participate, while adding that there was also a need for participation that wasn't tokenistic. Sabina Martins, founder of Bailancho Saad said there was a need to break stereotypes. Cases (of rape, murder) get visibility only when there are politicians involved, said Martins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12226409", "title": "City runs for a cause, gives health a boost", "text": "GURGAON: On the occasion of World Glaucoma Day, a leading hospital of the city organized a health walk to raise awareness on the preventable eye disease. A free glaucoma screening test was also given to the participants during the event.The walk themed, \"Don't let glaucoma darken your life\", was aimed at educating the masses on the risks of glaucoma - a leading cause of preventable blindness. The walk was kicked off from Kingdom of Dreams by film actor Farooque Shaikh and HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar. The walk was conducted in association with the Gurgaon Ophthalmological Society &amp; Glaucoma Society.A free eye-screening check was also provided to all the registered participants. Dr Parul M Sharma, glaucoma surgeon and HoD, ophthalmology, Max Hospital, Gurgaon, said, \"Over 12 million people in India suffer from glaucoma which is usually detected late as its symptoms are negligible for many years. By the time a patient develops vision problems, it is too late and the effect on optic nerve cannot be reversed leading to vision loss.\"Glaucoma is considered as a \"silent killer of eye sight\" and it develops usually after the age of 40 years. Population-based studies suggest that more than 90% of glaucoma cases in India remain undiagnosed. Research reveals that the number of glaucoma patients in India is expected to rise significantly to 16 million by 2020 due to an ageing population and the lack of early detection symptoms of the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12230232", "title": "Apple accuses Samsung of violating court order?", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Samsung Electronics Co was accused by Apple Inc of violating a court order in a patent- infringement case by failing to produce source code as directed by a judge.Samsung \"only partially complied with\" a court order requiring the company to produce source code for products such as its its 4G smartphone and Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet computer, which Apple claims violate its patents, according to a filing in federal court in San Jose, California.As of the Dec. 31 court-ordered deadline, Samsung produced source code for just one version of each of the products Apple accuses of infringement, and withheld code for all other versions, Apple claims. A trial in the case is set for Aug. 25.\"At this point in the case, it is too late for Apple to make meaningful use of any late produced source code,\" Apple said in the filing. Expert reports in the case are due in less than two weeks, \"which would leave insufficient time for Apple's experts to analyze any new code,\" Apple claimed.The same court ruled Dec. 3 against Apple's request to block Samsung from selling its 4G smartphone and Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet computer in the US. That order followed an Australian court ruling that lifted an injunction on the tablet in the country. Samsung, the world's largest maker of mobile phones, and Apple have filed at least 30 suits on four continents against each other since April.Denied evidenceIn the filing, Apple asked the court to prohibit Samsung from relying on the source code it failed to produce in defending the infringement claims.Apple also argued that because it must build a case against each version of the Samsung products it accuses of infringement, and it has been denied evidence required to do so, the court should rule that the products Samsung provided source code for to be \"representative of all versions of that product.\"Amy Grenek, a Samsung spokeswoman, didn't immediately return an e-mail seeking comment on the complaint. The case is Apple Inc v. Samsung Electronics Co, 11-01846, US District Court, Northern District of California (San Jose).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12226397", "title": "Three sculptors killed as car collides head on with truck", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three sculptors died on Saturday night, when their car collided head on with a truck at Avinashi in Tirupur district.Police said, S Babu alias Lukas, 24, his elder brother S Fernandalu, 26 from Chengalpet, Ganesh alias Kutti, 24 and K Poori Pragalathan, 24 from Sivagangai district, were sculptors at a statue making centre in Avinashi. They had gone to a four wheeler workshop in Tirupur.On Saturday night, they were returning to Avinashi by car. Babu who was at the wheel was driving on the wrong side of the road in a rash manner.The speeding car collided head on with the truck near a petrol bunk. Three sculptors Babu, his brother Fernandalu and Poori Pragalathan sustained severe injuries and were stuck in the mangled car. They eventually succumbed. Ganesh escaped with serious injuries.Truck driver M Ammasi, 50 of Kavundampalayam had applied a sudden break causing the vehicle to turn turtle on Avinashi Road. Two persons, R Manikandan (19) and pillion rider C Govindaraj (40) on a two-wheeler hit the truck from behind. The two motorists sustained grievous injuries and have been admitted in Tirupur government hospital.Avinashi police rushed to the spot and removed the mangled car and truck. Traffic was disrupted for more than an hour on the busy Avinashi road. Based on the truck driver's complaint, the Avinashi police have registered a case.In yet another accident, 15 persons including two children sustained minor injuries after their van turned turtle as its tires burst at Angalakurichi near Pollachi on Sunday morning.They were admitted at Pollachi government hospital. The Pollachi police have registered a case and the investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12226322", "title": "Two killed after clash in Basti jail", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two people were killed and four others, including a jail warden, injured in a violent clash between some inmates and prison guards inside Basti jail on Saturday night. The inmates had laid siege to the prison, snatched rifles from the guards and burned down the kitchen. They could be controlled only after the local police force was rushed to the site. Police said they had to retaliate after the inmates started firing, leaving two inmates, Sonu Singh and Sushil Singh, dead.Senior jail superintendent R K Kesarwani said the trouble started after a heated exchange of words.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12226801", "title": "Lorry owners in city seek exemption", "text": "HYDERABAD: Several lorry associations have requested Hyderabad traffic police to at least allow free movement of vehicles ferrying perishable goods even as the crack down continues against heavy vehicles plying in the city during daytime. Police, however, were apprehensive that allowing lorries a free run between 8am and 10pm might increase the risk of road accidents in the state capital.With traffic police preventing lorries from entering the city during daytime, some lorry associations have approached an influential MP with their appeal.Police said that a proposal for granting exemption to lorries carrying perishable goods was under consideration. \"Were the proposal to be accepted, a new notification will be issued by the Hyderabad commissioner. However, we are still weighing the pros and cons of such a move. A report will be sent to the commissioner for a final decision,\" said deputy traffic commissioner of police, A Ravi Krishna.Recently, a woman lost her life when a tipper rammed into her vehicle in Jubilee Hills. The tipper was on the road during ban hours, that is, between 8 am and 10 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12231539", "title": "President Patil's speech marred by disruptions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Disruptions on issues like Telangana, atrocities on Sri Lankan Tamils, sub-quota for minorities, and shortage of fertilisers marred President Pratibha Patil's address to the joint sitting of Parliament on Monday.MPs raised slogans to press their demands during Patil's last address to Parliament before she completes her term in July.Even Congress members from Andhra Pradesh, who are demanding Telangana statehood, disrupted her speech by raising slogans of \"Jai Telangana\".Ironically, while Patil appealed to the members to work together \"in a spirit of constructive cooperation\" to discharge business in the two Houses of Parliament in this session, her own speech was disrupted five times.Even before Patil began her speech, DMK members were on their feet asking the government whether it would support a US resolution to be moved in the UN against the Sri Lankan government for allegedly committing atrocities against Tamils living in that country when the war against LTTE was nearing its end.Towards the end of Patil's Address, the same issue was flagged by AIADMK member V Maitreyan. Patil waved at him asking him to take his seat.A reference by Patil to her government's recent decision to provide 4.5 per cent sub-quota within the OBC quota for minorities also led to protests. Hukmadev Narayan Yadav (BJP) was on his feet to protest, saying the right of OBCs would be affected.When Patil enumerated the steps being taken to increase fertiliser production, JD-U member from Jehanabad Jagdish Sharma alleged that farmers were not getting fertiliser.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12227078", "title": "Auto firm fined Rs 15,000, told to repair car for free", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Holding a city-based automobile agency EM PEE Motors in Industrial Area, Phase I, deficient in service, consumer disputes redressal forum has slapped a fine of Rs 15,000 and directed it to repair the car in question free of cost or give Rs 1 lakh to the complainant.According to the complaint, Panjab University (PU) had bought a Toyota Corolla Altis car in September, 2009, for over Rs11 lakh, but within a couple of months the vehicle started giving problems. PU had filed this complaint through its registrar.\"From the first day of purchase, the car started giving problems. There was a persistent noise from the rear side. We pointed out this defect through four different letters, but the company officials did not rectify it. They said the non-genuine window curtains, installed by the complainant, on the rear doors was the reason for the noise,\" said a PU official. In their reply, the opposition party said the car was received in December, 2009, and the problem regarding noise from rear side was checked and properly attended to the satisfaction of the complainant. The problem occurred because of normal wear and tear as well as due to non-adjustment of wiring of curtains, which were fitted by the complainant.\"Car was properly attended and noise problem might have occurred due to some accident,\" said the opposition party's lawyer.After listening to the arguments, the forum held that there was deficiency in service on the part of opposing party and directed the firm to fix the problem permanently. \"It should be done totally free of cost within a month, failing which they shall be liable to pay Rs 1 lakh to the complainant. Besides, the company will also pay a fine of Rs 15,000 as cost of litigation to the complainant,\" the forum held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227698", "title": "Cantonment area bears the brunt", "text": "Water scarcity is here to stay, unless the government takes some serious steps to eliminate it. Bangaloreans fear the worst this summer, with power cuts likely to become more frequent.In the fourth part of the series focusing on water scarcity looming over the city, TOI takes a look at five areas in Bangalore East. Residents here are also hit by something more severe: water tankers refusing to come to individual houses in some areas . '' It's demand-driven . Areas like Cox Town don't have many multi-storeyed apartments, so tanker drivers are unwilling to ply on these routes. Tankers are regular in areas with many apartments,'' said B Ramaswamy, convener, Infrastructure Panel of CII, Karnataka State Council.Fraser TownFraser Town residents have a unique problem - they have to put up with erratic supply at odd hours. '' We never get water supply during the day, only for a couple of hours early morning. We have to store drinking water for the next 2-3 days,'' said Pradeep Kumar, a resident. Borewell water is being sold to hostel students staying in the locality. '' This is definitely a cause for concern,'' said Pradeep.Extent Of ImpactThe problem is being taken care of, but the future looks grim with water sources drying up fast.OptionsStore in tanks, buckets and drums.Cox TownThis area gets water only once in two or three days. Residents have been holding protests in front of BWSSB offices, but with no result. Assurances from the state government are only on paper. Water pipelines were changed eight years ago, but the problem gets compounded as water pressure even on supply days is very low. '' If there is optimum pressure, we can store water, but visits to government offices have not yielded any result,'' said N S Ravi, a resident of Cox Town and president of Bharatinagar Residents' Forum. Worse, tankers refuse to venture here, citing logistical problems.Extent Of ImpactProblem likely to worsen as residents say they can't pay for tanker supply.OptionsStore water in buckets and drumsHrbr LayoutResidents have met MLAs and corporators but to no avail. Water is supplied once in two days or sometimes once a week. Residents are dependent on tankers for continuous supply even for daily use. '' The minister visited our locality, spent some time. We were promised drinking water by the end of February. Tankers were being sent every Wednesday and Saturday from July to October last year, now supply is withdrawn completely,'' said Yohan Stephen, resident of HBR Layout. '' The situation is bad. We met officials many times but they refuse to pay heed to us. Water shortage is just one of the many civic problems here,'' said V Sanjeevi, resident of HBR Layout.Extent Of ImpactThe problem is acute, and supply inadequate. Big families have a tough time.OptionsTankers come to residents' rescue.Richards TownThis area never faced any water shortage, said old-timers . But now, supply has been diverted to OBR Layout, and has resulted in scarcity, complain residents. '' There are many illegal connections and BWSSB is aware of it too, they just ignore it,'' said a resident. '' People are converting their singlestoreyed buildings to multi-storeyed buildings and diverting water from their existing line, putting pressure on supply in the area,'' said ET Ponnukuttan, secretary of Richards Town Citizens' Association.Extent Of ImpactSummer months will get worse if government does not plug the loopholes.OptionsOnly tankers. Removing illegal connections can help.BanaswadiOnce or twice a week, tankers need to ferry water here. '' Water is being diverted to other areas. And the worst part is we need to inform the tanker drivers at least a day in advance, or they may not turn up at all. Water has become a very scarce commodity,'' said Prithvi Reddy, resident of OMBR Layout in Banaswadi.Extent Of ImpactRainwater harvesting pits have become sewage pits, making it impossible to use the water.OptionsTankers the only way out, and they need advance booking.Expert CounselBangalore and its surroundings have an undulating terrain. There is a possibility of mapping the catchment area to create artificial water bodies (lakes) to store water. BBMP did make elaborate plans a couple of years ago and a few places were earmarked to launch the project in its pilot phase, but it never took off. The state government needs to take up such projects on priority basis to deal with the impending water crisis.B Ramaswamy | Convener, Infrastructure Panel Of CII, Karnataka State Council", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12226841", "title": "Swine flu: More swab samples sent to labs for test", "text": "JAIPUR: The scare of swine flu intensified on Sunday as more swab samples of patients were sent to laboratories for the H1N1 influenza test. Telephones at the control rooms of chief medical health officers Jaipur I and Jaipur II remained busy throughout the day as people sought information about the disease and its symptoms.The department of medical, health and family welfare had issued an appeal to the public to not take symptoms of swine flu lightly which are similar to those of cold and cough. More than 50 calls were received by the control rooms about swine flu till Sunday evening.Anxious people suffering from cold and cough called up the control room to seek help about what to do in such a situation. They also wanted to know whom to contact to know if they are suffering from swine flu or not.A department official said though swine flu is not a new thing but since six cases in last 10 days have surfaced, people want to know everything about the disease's symptoms. People called up the control rooms not only from Jaipur, but also from places like Jhunjhunu, Hindaun and other parts of the state.Besides, the department also sent swab samples of four patients, who have all the symptoms of swine flu, to laboratories for H1N1 influenza test. The department is yet to receive the reports.The department sent teams in the last couple of days to parts of the city where swine flu patients were found. Yatinder Singh, the chief medical health officer - Jaipur II said, \"We sent teams to Vidhyadhar Nagar today (Sunday) to ensure that there are no other cases of the disease.\"The team which visited the area administered Tamiflu tablets to the patient. They also found five persons who were constantly in contact with a 26-year-old swine flu patient Deepshikha. The officials also gave them full course of medicines as a precaution. The team also surveyed Vidhyut Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226299", "title": "Kerala temples caste out purity phobia", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala temples are chanting a new mantra of inclusiveness, thanks to a silent revolution inside the sanctum sanctorum of hundreds of temples in the state.This move, powerful enough to break the last bastion of casteism, has already ushered in many non-brahmins to preside over pujas and kriyas hitherto handled only by priests who were brahmins by birth.In the last two months, the Travancore Devaswom Board (TDB) filled up 50 out of the 100 posts for pujaris (priests) with non-brahmins, who will soon start performing rituals in shrines assigned to them among the 2,000 temples under TDB.TDB had conducted a recruitment drive six months ago and interviewed hundreds of applicants belonging to all castes and they selected 199 pujaris, out of which 40% were non- brahmins.\"Even our ancient scriptures say a person becomes a brahmin through his deeds and life-style than by birth,'' said additional chief secretary K Jayakumar.Though caste is no bar for becoming a shanti (priest), TDB, in its latest notification has stated that the applicant must have an elementary knowledge of tantra-shastra, Sanskrit and a certificate from a Board-approved tantri (senior priest).\"He also should be a Malayali Hindu who is aware of the braminical tradition.'' said Krishnan Nambudiri, general secretary of Tantra Vidya Peetam, Aluva, a member of the interview board who selected the pujaris.\"Many non-brahmin candidates did equally well in terms of recitation of mantras and knowledge of tantras. They all attached tremendous aspirational value to these posts,'' he said.But some community members are upset at the entry of non-brahmin priests, especially when many poverty stricken brahmin families have no option but to subsist on dakshina. \"For brahmins, this is not just a job. In spite of all odds, the pujaris are still doing it out of sheer faith in God. The wisdom is passed on from father to son in an oral tradition. The belief should be inculcated form the childhood and the sanctity begins from home and family first,'' said Subramanian Potti, officer bearer of Vaidika Samrakshana Samiti.Poet Vishnu Narayanan Namboothiri said it is not varnam (caste) but vasana (inclination) that matters. \"According to vedas any person can conduct a puja, but it is important that he becomes a brahmin first, not just externally but internally. The devasom board should rehabilitate impoverished brahmins by providing them clerical positions before opening up this sector,'' he said.Olappamana Damodaran Namboodripaad, former president of Brahmaswam Madom, said that caste should be no bar for offering puja in the temple. \"But the pujari should realise the immense responsibility that has been entrusted on him and should lead an ascetic life,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12230101", "title": "Chennai corporation budget focuses on education, health", "text": "CHENNAI: Education and health get a large chunk of the Chennai Corporation's Rs 2922crore budget for the year 2012- 2013. The corporation in a drive to increase the admission rate to their schools, plans to start 30 new english medium primary and middle schools this academic year beginning June. The civic body will also conduct special outreach programmes with pamphlets, interactions and advertisements during the admission season. Spoken english classes would regularly be held for classes 6,7 and 8 and special refresher courses for spoken English would be organised for students of classes 9,10 and 12.The civic body will also construct 64 additional buildings on existing school campuses that require more classrooms. Additionally a career guidance center and libraries would be set up in all high and higher secondary schools. Health also seems to be another major focus of the budget.The corporation plans to set up 11 new dental clinics in addition to the existing cour to ensure that every zone has a clinic. A new hospital will be set up with a specialised leprosy center and Mandambakkam to benefit the residents of South Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12229661", "title": "Why Samsung is No. 1 and Apple No. 5 in China", "text": "BEIJING: Apple Inc got a second partner in China to sell the iPhone in the world's biggest mobile-phone market. The deal may be too late to catch Samsung Electronics Co, with a market share that's three times larger and growing.China Telecom Corp began selling the iPhone last week as Apple tries to build on its 7.5 per cent share of the country's smartphone sales. Samsung controlled 24.3 per cent of the market for phones that can play videos and games, according to Gartner Inc, using a strategy of allying with all three of the nation's third-generation networks since such services started in 2009. Models display Samsung Electronics Co Galaxy Nexus smartphones in Hong Kong . Samsung controls 24.3 per cent of the market in China for phones that can play videos and games, according to Gartner Inc, using a strategy of allying with all three of the nation 's third-generation networks since such services started in 2009.Succeeding in China is important for Apple as shipments of smartphones in the country are projected to jump 52 per cent this year to 137 million units, overtaking the US for the first time as the world's biggest market. Unlike Samsung's strategy of partnering with all carriers, Apple has limited its own success by not making a device compatible with the nation's biggest operator, China Mobile Ltd.\"I don't expect Apple to replace Samsung any time soon,\" Gartner analyst Sandy Shen said in an interview. \"China Telecom is the nation's smallest carrier, so the extent to which they can help Apple is quite limited.\"The 16.8 percentage-point gap in China between Cupertino , California-based Apple and Samsung almost doubled from the third quarter. While Samsung is No. 1 and Apple No. 5 in China, the global story is different: Worldwide, Apple passed its Suwon, South Korea-based competitor to become the biggest smartphone vendor in the fourth quarter, according to Gartner.China MobileApple's partnerships with China's second- and third-largest carriers give it access to about 34 per cent of the nation's 988 million mobile users, while Samsung targeted the whole market. iPhones aren't sold to China Mobile's 655 million subscribers, a number almost equal to the combined population of the US, Brazil and Mexico.\"Having access to more subscribers gives vendors like Samsung an advantage,\" said Teck Zhung Wong, a Beijing-based analyst with IDC China, who forecast the 52 percent jump in smartphone sales this year. \"If Apple is going to continue to grow in the Chinese market, it has to consider very seriously a handset with China Mobile.\"China Telecom had a total of 129.3 million wireless users at the end of January, including 38.7 million 3G subscribers. Apple introduced the iPhone in 2007 in the US exclusively with AT&T; Inc and added a second carrier partner last year in Verizon Communications Inc.Pelting eggsApple chose not to make a phone with China Mobile because the operator had a unique 3G standard called TD-SCDMA, even after the Chinese company's Chairman Wang Jianzhou met with the then Chief Executive Officer Steve Jobs in early 2010. Wang told the company's annual meeting in May that he didn't expect Apple to introduce an iPhone until the carrier rolled out the fourth- generation TD-LTE network by end of this year.China Unicom (Hong Kong) Ltd was the nation's first carrier to offer the iPhone with a service contract in October 2009. Even though Apple trailed Samsung, Nokia Oyj, Huawei Technologies Co and ZTE Corp in China's smartphone market, people still crave an iPhone.Apple's oldest store in China was pelted with eggs from a crowd of customers on Jan. 13 when the shop, in Beijing's Sanlitun district, failed to open on the first day of sales for the iPhone 4S. After police sealed off the area to remove more than 500 people, Apple said it would suspend sales of iPhones at all its stores.'Didn't bet high enough'The maker of iMac computers and iPad tablets underestimated the \"staggering\" demand for the iPhone 4S when it started sales in China in January, Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said. \"We thought we were betting bold,\" Cook said Jan. 24. \"We didn't bet high enough.\"The iPhone 4S has been \"an incredible hit\" with customers around the world, Apple spokeswoman Carolyn Wu said in an e-mail. Apple \"can't wait to get it into the hands of even more customers in China,\" Wu said, declining to comment further on the company's handset strategy in China.Samsung's approach to China is \"the same\" as other markets, Juha Park, senior vice president of product strategy, said in an interview in Barcelona .\"We make product innovation and make our brand very desired in the market,\" Park said. \"That's what we do to become a major player. We have been doing quite strong growth in the China market.\" Unlocked iPhone", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12231985", "title": "Jaganmohan's assets case: SC notice to 6 Andhra ministers, 8 IAS officers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued notices to 6 Andhra Pradesh ministers and 8 IAS officers on a plea alleging that the CBI was not proceeding against them despite having sufficient evidence that they helped former Congress leader Y Jaganmohan Reddy accumulate massive illegal assets.A bench headed by Justice Dalveer Bhandari issued the notices to the ministers and the IAS officers and sought their stands on the petition filed by an advocate, Sudhakar Reddy.The petitioner alleged that these six ministers and eight IAS officers were also holding ministerial and other key positions under the then chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, during whose tenure his son Jaganmohan accumulated huge wealth, disproportionate to his legal income.Reddy, in his petition, said even though the CBI had registered a number of cases against several others in the disproportionate assets case against Jagan Mohan Reddy, but it failed to register any case against these 14 persons.The notice was issued to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), six Andhra Pradesh ministers and eleven IAS officers serving in the state at the time.An apex court bench headed by Justice Dalveer Bhandari issued notice on a petition by Nellore-based advocate Sudhakar Reddy seeking a probe into the government orders favouring Jaganmohan Reddy, a Lok Sabha MP.The petitione has challenged a Andhra Pradesh high court order rejecting a probe. A special CBI court in Hyderabad had also rejected the plea.Sudhakar Reddy contended that the investigation into the disproportionate assets could not be confined to Jaganmohan Reddy, but should also include the role of the ministers and bureaucrats in facilitating his business dealings.(With input from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12227834", "title": "Two killed in accident, fleeing bus driver dies of heart attack", "text": "PUNE: Two persons died on the spot after a speeding car crashed into a stationary bus near Jalgaon Kadepathar village, around 100 km from here on Baramati-Morgaon road, during the wee hours of Sunday.Following the accident, driver of the bus, Abhang Rairav Mahake (52) of Latur, ran into the jungle to escape an irate mob. But, he suffered a fatal heart attack around 2 km from the spot.The other two deceased have been identified as Siraj Mohammed Khan (22) of Chinchwad and Dayanand Sidhlingappa Urudale (42) of Latur. Urudale was a bus passenger, while Khan was travelling in the car. Two others in the car, Ganesh Rajmure and Vishal Shinde, both of Bhosari, sustained severe injuries.Inspector Santosh Chavan, of Baramati taluka police station said that the incident took place around 3.30 am. \"A private luxury bus, which was on its way to Latur from Pune had a break down at Jalgaon Kadepathar. Another luxury bus of the same travel agency, which was on its way to Pune, stopped after seeing the break down,\" Chavan said.\"Mahake, who was driving the second bus, parked it on the wrong side. He did not switch on the head lights or the signals to alert other vehicles,\" Chavan said.\"Around 3.30 am, a car which was on its way to Baramati from Pune, failed to notice the parked bus and the people standing on the road. The car first hit Urudale and then crashed into the bus,\" Chavan said. Both Urumale and Khan died on the spot.Following the accident, passengers of the bus began questioning the drivers of both the buses. Suspecting the people would thrash them, Mahake and two others fled the spot.Sub-inspector C M Sutar of Vadgaon Nimbalkar police station said that the trio ran for around 2 km into the jungle. \"Mahake, who suffered from blood pressure problems, suddenly fell. He asked the other bus driver to rub his feet. Seeing Mahake's condition, the driver went back to the road and tried to stop a vehicle for help, but in vain.\"When he returned to the spot, he found Mahake dead. They waited in the jungle till morning and then informed the police about the incident.\"We have registered a case of accidental death,\" Sutar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227675", "title": "NASA trip for students", "text": "Till a decade ago, Kota in Rajasthan was known just as a railway junction. However, today it is a hub for engineering students with several coaching centres training students to crack the entrance tests. One such coaching institute, Resonance , was founded on April 11, 2001. Resonance, which prepares students to crack IIT-JEE , AIPMT, AIEEE and other competitive exams, organised a felicitation programme for its students who won the national-level Scholarship and Talent Reward Test, 'STaRT-2012 ,' on February 26 at Kota (Raj), for its All-India top-25 winners (classes VI to XII).RK Verma, MD and CEO, Resonance , presented seven all-India first prizes consisting of an 11-day NASA (US) Tour, a gold medal and a merit certificate to Shauryasikt Jena (class VI) from Noida; Himanshi Mehta (class VII) from Udaipur (Raj); Divyanshu Mittal (class VIII) from Kota (Raj); Shrishti Asthana (class IX) from Chandigarh; Swati Gupta (class X) from Jaipur (Raj); Shudhatma Jain (class XI) from Kota and Pankaj Goyal (class XII) from Agra (UP). A total of seven all-India second prizes consisting of a six-day tour of the Science Centre (Singapore), a silver medal and a merit certificate were presented by CL Verma and Gulab Devi to Parth Anil Shimpi (class VI) from Nasik (Maha); Lakshay Sharma (class VII) from Lucknow (UP); Puranjan Dev (class VIII) from Khurda (Odisha); Sheshansh Agarwal (class IX) from Jaipur (Raj); Parth Sharma (class X) from Kota (Raj); Yash Gupta (class XI) from Udaipur (Raj) and Jain Shubham (class XII) from Thane (Maha).A total of seven all-India third prizes consisting of a laptop, a bronze medal and a merit certificate were presented to Chinmay SI (class VI) from Bangalore; Disha Rawal (class VII) from Gurgaon (Haryana); Suraj Dash (class VIII) from Hurda (Odisha); Bhavya Choudhary (class IX) from Kota (Raj); Diksha Agarwal (class X) from Kota (Raj); Palak Jain (class XI) from Udaipur (Raj) and Twinkle Parekh (class-XII ) from Ajmer (Raj).Manoj Sharma, vice-president , said that more than 81,000 students from across various cities participated in its stage-I test that was conducted in December 2011. Resonance has produced All India Rank (AIR), second and fifth, in IIT-JEE 2011 with a total selection of 1,816 students including 1,197 from the yearlong classroom programme and 619 from distance learning. Through STaRT-2012 , top-500 students , all-India winners (VI to XII) have won prizes worth Rs 50+ lakh, while top-100 students from each of the classes have won scholarships worth Rs six crore in Resonance's Yearlong Classroom Programmes. Details on www.resostart.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12225819", "title": "Blind Indore girl cleared UPSC, gets railways job at PM\u2019s behest", "text": "INDORE: A visually challenged woman who cleared the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) with distinction in 2008 but was denied posting got justice after a four-year battle and the intervention of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. Purnima Jain, with about 75% visual disability, has been offered an Indian Railway Personnel Services (IRPS) posting under Group B of Class I.Although Purnima is willing to take up the new job, she isn't satisfied with the posting as she says that her scores in the exams were level with those selected for IAS. \"It's a sort of double marginalisation: as a woman and then being physically challenged,\" Purnima told ToI.She cleared the UPSC 2008 exams with 1,123 marks and hoped to get into the IAS or IFS. But that was not to be as she was visually challenged. The person selected in the '08 batch had got only 991 marks,\" said Purnima, adding, \"I got 210 marks out of 300 in the interview, which was equal to that year's topper.\"When her order wasn't issued, she moved the MP high court in which UPSC and DoPT raised \"questions of maintainability\", stating that the court had no jurisdiction on such cases and asked her to approach Central Administrative Tribune (CAT), which he did.\"I approached CAT and finally the decision was in my favour,\" said Purnima. But despite that, the government was not keen on implementing it. So, she approached Union minister V Narayanswami who assured her of action in two or three weeks.\"Following his intervention, UPSC recommended my name. Even then, the DoPT did not give me the offer letter. I then approached the Prime Minister with the help of CPM MP Brinda Karat . He assured me justice,\" said Purnima. Soon, she got a letter from DoPT offering her a job in Indian Railways Personnel Service (IRPS) which she is going to take up next week. \"I deserve more than what I am getting. But I am happy that I finally secured the position,\" Purnima told ToI.Daughter of Dr Prakash Jain, Purnima completed her BA, LLB jointly in which she scored nearly 80%. She then completed her masters in public administration in 2008 and qualified NET/JRF in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227677", "title": "On her feet", "text": "Growing up at a time when dance was only limited to ballet, Maida Withers, artistic director and founder, Maida Withers and the Dance Construction Company, never imagined herself as being a contemporary dancer and carving a career out of it.Coming from a small town of Utah, not very far from the Grand Canyon in the US, Withers started dancing after being inspired by a studentteacher in elementary school.\"When I was five years old, we had a studentteacher in elementary school who was a dancer. I was encouraged and took part in community plays for children and when I was in grade four, I started taking dance lessons,\" says Withers.Now, at 75, she still continues to dance, teach and tour the world. After completing her graduation in arts and Master's in dance choreography, performance and education, she was ready to explore the world of opportunities open to her.\"I was among the first ones who graduated with a degree in dancing from college in the '50s. When I started out, television was barely on the horizon. At that time I did not know that there was a chance of a career outside ballet,\" says Withers. Her curiosity and willingness to learn and experiment took her to contemporary dance.She was interested in technology when she first started improvising. As a contemporary dancer, she never shied away from experimenting and using technology in her dance.\"I was given a video camera by the Washington DC district government in the 1960s, so I was always using a camera with dance. Technology is a way to extend my ideas, allows me to go to places where it is not possible to reach otherwise . The body is a natural thing and it is emotional , powerful and human and somehow you can take those images electronically and then extend the range of expression,\" she states.It is always a challenge to integrate technology with live performance. \"You have this human element when you as a performer want the attention of the audience, but then you have something else going on in the background and that is a distraction. But I am okay with it. Visual images, import film, slides, data have their own value but a lot of material is created in the computer. It just brings new realities together,\" says Withers.So, how does she keep fit? \"I have been lucky. I still perform, have a good health and have a natural physical stamina. I do it everyday. I am not dancing like I was 21, that's the beauty of it, I don't have to be them,\" she says.Encouraging youngsters to pursue dance, Withers says that passion is a very hard thing to quell. \"If you decide on it, you will go and do it. I think, it is a hard field and it demands stamina but everything in life demands that kind of energy,\" she concludes.-Aaditi Isaac", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230517", "title": "Of all Khans, does 2012 belong to Aamir?", "text": "As Aamir Khan enters his 48th year, we analyze what stars have in store for him.Many would believe that the word 'perfection' was discovered after he was born. The term is so synonymous with him that over a period of time it has almost become his 'nickname'. Yes, we are talking about Aamir Khan who celebrates his birthday on March 14.We ask astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi on what's in store for the star actor in months to come. \"Born on 14th March 1965, Aamir is a Number 5 (Mercury) person in numerology ruled by Number 3 (ruler Jupiter - Pisces) and Number 2 (Moon). Since he is ruled by Number 2, he is automatically ruled by Number 7 (Ketu) as these two numbers always go hand in hand\", explains Bhavikk.\"Being a Number 5, it makes Aamir intelligent with a 'thinking' mind and hence he has a great command over learning things swiftly. The Jupiter effect helps him convert those ideas in to commercial forms and become a wise businessman. The impact of Moon indicates his humane touch and connectivity with the audience on a spiritual level to such an extent that he very well knows what they want\".\"Aamir will be entering his 48th year and the only way his graph will go from now on is - UP. The year 2012 which is adding up to Number 5 is going to prove lucky for Number 5 and 8 people and that way also Aamir fits the bill directly\", says Bhavikk.\"On the film front, his upcoming production 'Talaash' will once again click at the box office and even Aamir's role will be well appreciated. But it will be his villainous act in 'Dhoom 3' which will create shock waves all across the globe and the film will create new box office history\", predicts Bhavikk on a confident note.\"So if you ask me of all the Khans, this year clearly belongs to Aamir\", concludes Bhavikk on a confident note before signing off.We wish Aamir Khan a very happy birthday!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12226354", "title": "With fanfare, Kovai receives Tirunelveli-Bilaspur Express", "text": "COIMBATORE: A festive mood prevailed at Coimbatore Junction railway station when Tirunelveli-Bilaspur Weekly Express, which hitherto skipped the station via Podanur-Irugur route, arrived on Sunday.The long distance train was rerouted from Sunday onwards via Coimbatore Junction following a strong public demand. The train was one among the 13 long distance express trains that skip the city junction, citing technical reasons.The Coimbatore Railway Struggle Committee, which spearheaded a civil society movement demanding rerouting of all the 13 trains, decorated the station to welcome the first train from the list.The committee members also garlanded the station master and engine drivers. Sweets were also distributed in an atmosphere surcharged with old melodies from hit Tamil films.Speaking on the occasion, Coimbatore MP and committee chairman P R Natarajan said the railways would reroute at least half a dozen trains via Coimbatore Junction by June this year.\"The railway budget would have proposals in this regard. It is a remarkable achievement of the city residents. But we will work continuously till all the trains that pass through the region stop at Coimbatore Junction,'' he said.He said the railways have agreed to set up a ticket reservation centre in Vadavalli for the benefit of residents of western edge of the city. The Mettupalayam-Coimbatore passenger train would be made a daily train by railways very soon, he said.Struggle committee convener G K Nagaraj pointed out that the 13 trains were skipping Coimbatore Junction despite it being the second largest under Southern Railways in terms of revenue. \"Passengers from the city face problems reaching Podanur station, where there is no basic facility to take long distance trains. Some of the trains are not even having stoppage in Podanur,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12226709", "title": "School building turns miscreants' haven", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the last five years, the state government has laid the foundation stone for a primary school in Chandulal Baradari colony three times but till date the school building continues to remain \"under construction\". While a part of the block is ready, the remaining portion has turned into a haven for miscreants. As a result the 300 students who should have benefitted from the new school premises continue to sit in cramped classrooms in the old rented Allu Sitaram building, which has just about 250 desks and runs in two shifts due to lack of space.Students from neighbourhoods such as Kalapather, Tarbun and Kamatipura attend classes at the government primary school and locals say they have been asking the authorities time and again to complete its construction. The official reason why it remains closed is put up in the form of a notice that states \"non-availability of drinking water and toilets.\"The Government High School, Umdabazar (Urdu Medium) was also supposed to be moved into this sprawling premises but even that plan has not materialized. The state of art Sultan Salahuddin Multi-purpose indoor sports complex constructed at a cost of Rs 3.28 crore stands right next to this school. It is only ironical that while the sports complex has an indoor swimming pool, the students cannot move to the new premises due to the lack of potable water.The first foundation stone for the school was laid on February 21, 2007 but there is no trace of it now. Local residents allege that the foundation stone was removed by local politicians. A foundation stone was laid again in 2010 by Rotary district governor Rajyalakshmi Vadlaman, which now acts as a stand for empty bottles. The playground intended for schoolchildren is a den of ganja smokers and miscreants. \"The school doesn't have a gate so it is easy for people to enter and leave as and when they please,\" said a local resident Rajesh.Area sabha president Taher Khan says, \"A watchman has been hired by the civil contractor but the school does not have its own security men working on the premises.\" Ahmed Ali , a resident of Chandulal Baradari Colony questions the laying of three foundation stone for the same work. He asks, \"How can two or three foundation stones be laid for the same school? Work has been in progress for almost five years now with no signs of completion in the near future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12225931", "title": "Ex-railway employees Holi MiIan", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The railway pensioners will hold a Holi Milan on March 15. The programme is being organised under the aegis of Avkash Prapt Railway Karamchari Hitkari Samiti.Giving this information, Samiti president Kishan Singh said, \"The retired employees of the Railways are scattered at different places and the Holi Milan is an occasion where they meet and interact with one another after a long time.This is the time to show the spirit of camaraderie among the members of the railway fraternity.This time the Holi Milan function would be a simple one.\" The programme will be held at the office of North Central Railway Mens' Union near the Valmiki School crossing in Civil Lines.It will held from 10:30am to 1pm. Secretary of Avkash Prapt Railway Karamchari Hitkari Samiti Mohd Mobin has urged all the retired employees to participate in the Holi Milan programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227857", "title": "Budget session: NDA ready to corner govt on \u2018assault on federalism\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Preparing to take on the UPA government as Parliament opens for the budget session on Monday, opposition NDA on Sunday worked out an aggressive strategy with the focus on \"assault on federalism\".With most of the opposition parties, including those outside the NDA combine, as well as some ruling UPA allies like Trinamool Congress and DMK ready to protest against the Centre's interference in state matters, the NDA will ask for a discussion on assault on federalism, it was decided at the NDA parliamentary party meeting held at NDA chairman L K Advani's residence on Sunday.The NDA has also decided that it will take on home minister P Chidambaram on the floor of the House instead of boycotting him as it did in the winter session. Since the discussion on \"assault on federalism\" will need the home minister's presence and replies, NDA leaders decided against continuing the boycott.The government, however, may have just escaped an opposition barrage in the House over its decision to ban cotton exports. By withdrawing the notification on Sunday, the government seems to have avoided disruption of the House right from the start as NDA leaders had decided to take it up.The opposition combine has also demanded that the Rajya Sabha should begin the budget session from the point at which the House had abruptly shut around midnight on December 29. On that day, Rajya Sabha was discussing the Lokpal bill, which could not be passed.Seeking to capitalize on the poor performance of Congress in the assembly polls, the NDA decided to add another partner to the alliance by including Janata Party headed by Subramanian Swamy. \"Swamy was keen to join the alliance and had been meeting NDA leaders,\" senior BJP leader S S Ahluwalia told reporters after the meeting.The number of NDA allies now rises to six. The other five constituents of the combine are BJP, JD(U), Shiromani Akali Dal , Shiv Sena and Ramdas Athawale-led Republican Party of India (A).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12227340", "title": "Facebook friends judge you by your photos, not texts", "text": "LONDON: Are you on Facebook ? Then, make sure you post a nice, impressive photograph , as users on the social networking sites appear to form judgements on profiles without even reading words, researchers say.The researchers at the Ohio State University in the US also found that people pay closer attention to information that could be viewed as negative or not normal on such sites.It seems a profile photo on Facebook tells viewers all they need to know to form an impression of a person and no words are really necessary , they said.In one experiment, the researches found college students who viewed a Facebook photo of a fellow student having fun with friends rated that person as extroverted - even if his profile said he was \"not a big people-person\".The only exception is when a photo is out of the ordinary or shows someone in a negative light. In that case, people do use profile text to help interpret what kind of person is shown in the profile , they said.\"Photos seem to be the primary way we make impressions on social networking sites,\" lead author Brandon Van Der Heide was quoted by the Daily Mail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12233802", "title": "I think fast but type slow: Kalki Koechlin", "text": "There are Bollywood celebs who are always connected with people, there are also those who don't connect at all, and then there are those who pop up only at times.Now, one such actress is Kalki Koechlin but she has her reasons clear. Pointing out to some of these reasons, she says, \"Reasons why I don't tweet much: sometimes it feels like I'm having a conversation with myself...Reasons why I don't tweet much: too much time on the iPhone might make me blind... Reasons why I don't tweet much: I type slow and think fast...i don't want to become vitamin d deficient.\"Many stars including Ranbir Kapoor , Kaitrina Kaif, Imran Khan , Kareena Kapoor , Saif Ali Khan and a many other belong to the category of not staying connected with fans, and people in general, via social networking sites. We are sure they have their own reasons.On the other hand, Aamir Khan and Salman Khan are amongst those who post only occasionally. Amongst the top stars, it is Shah Rukh Khan, Amitabh Bachchan and Akshay Kumar who write on microblogging sites more often.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12226783", "title": "Students demand professsion-specific enviornment study", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the city all set to host the United Nations convention on biodiversity in October this year, a good number of students from the state stand to benefit from this prestigious international meet.About 2000 college students will be chosen as volunteers and made to undergo six-day training in etiquette, reception, language, curriculum and other aspects in the month of May. These students who will work and interact closely with the international delegates will also be issued a certificate by the UN for their work at the end of the meet.At a workshop conducted by the National Green Corps (NGC) in the city on Sunday on environmental education, W G Prasanna Kumar, director, NGC interacted with the teaching staff representatives of about 150 colleges of different streams from all over the state and encouraged them to send their students for the volunteer work.Speaking during the course of the workshop, he said \"The students would get good experience and exposure from this convention as about 8,000 delegates from 192 countries are expected to participate in it. The basic idea in involving these students in the meet is that they will also become aware of the environmental issues and share it back with their family and friends. They may also help their college turn into a green campus.\" He added that students were used to writing theory-based exams on environment related subjects but practical approach towards the subject is the need of the hour.The workshop was also a platform for suggestions related to change in the curriculum related to environment subjects. Many of the participants felt that environment sector should be linked to the employment sector and environment inputs should be profession specific. \"The representatives from medical colleges wanted hospital waste management as an environment subject, while engineering colleges want to cover topics like green building, energy conservation and those from law colleges felt environment moot courts should be included\" he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12230707", "title": "PRP formally unites with Congress", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the Andhra Pradesh Assembly Speaker making a formal announcement in the House on Monday accepting merger of Praja Rajyam Party (PRP) with Congress, the chapter of the Chiranjeevi-led party has come to an end in the political history of the state.\"Under Para 4 of Schedule X of the Constitution, all 17 members of PRP will be recognised as Congress MLAs with immediate effect\", Speaker Nadendla Manohar announced in the House.Telugu megastar Chiranjeevi had founded the PRP on August 26, 2008 at temple-town Tirupati with the promise of ushering in a change on the plank of social justice.The party could not ride to power despite positioning itself as an alternative to the Congress and Telugu Desam Party.PRP won only 18 seats with 17 per cent vote share in the 2009 elections, while one of its MLAs subsequently switched over to the YSR Congress of Y S Jaganmohan Reddy.It drew a blank in the Lok Sabha polls the same year. PRP was plagued by a leadership crisis since its start as majority of the leaders who joined it from other parties quit, unable to adjust to the \"filmy style\" of functioning of Chiranjeevi and his brother-in-law Allu Aravind.In February 2011, the Congress came with the offer of a merger with PRP and Chiranjeevi lost no time in accepting it.In June last year, the Election Commission of India approved the merger of PRP with Congress and the formalities between the two parties were completed in August.Two legislators of PRP were inducted into the state cabinet in January as part of the merger deal.However, the PRP continued to remain a separate group in the Assembly as some \"technical\" procedures were not completed.Late last month, the Congress Legislature Party finally approved the merger and communicated its decision to the Speaker.On Thursday, leaders of both parties handed over letters to the Speaker for acceptance of the merger. Accordingly, the Speaker made the formal announcement this morning.Now, as per the promise made by the Congress during the merger, Chiranjeevi has to be nominated to the Rajya Sabha in the biennial elections on March 30. If that doesn't happen by any chance, Chiranjeevi will become a \"backbencher\" in the Assembly as he is a first-time MLA (from Tirupati).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12227265", "title": "Have much to share, but less time: Fauja", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Centurion marathon runner Fauja Singh, who has emerged as a poster boy in various international campaigns, wants to share his life experiences and learning with youth to inspire them, but feels that time is running out.\"I want to inspire youth and motivate them to leap big in life. I want to do so many things, but time is running out. I am ready to go to any length to help youths before I die, \" Singh, 100, told The Times of India.\"Wherever I go, I try to share my life experiences and motivational incidents with youngsters. I believe this would help them do well in any field, especially sports, and also show them the right path in distress,\" he added. While giving a message to youth, Fauja said they should believe in their own will power, keep confidence and faith in God.Fauja, who is also attending various social gatherings and events in Chandigarh and Punjab, also feels that remaining away from UK affected his health. \"I have to remain very cautious while eating out in India. Here, the food is very oily and it affects my health,\" said Fauja. He added, \"Back in London, my routine included a regular four-hour brisk walk, but here I cannot do this and this is affecting my stamina. Once I'm back, I'll have to really work hard to regain it.\"However, Fauja lamented that youths of Punjab are more into drugs, liquor and are not very focused on sports.\"It's sad that youths here are more inclined towards drugs and liquor since the access to these is very easy. The government should keep a tab on it and refrain youth from ruining their life. And as far as youths are concerned, they should become more focused and channelize their energy towards sports,\" stated Fauja.Fauja was here to inaugurate, along with writer Khushwant Singh, a cafe in Sector 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225615", "title": "Man beats sister to death", "text": "MUMBAI: A 38-year-old man was arrested by the Saki Naka police on Saturday for murdering his elder sister by thrashing her at his residence in Chandivli.The incident took place on Wednesday afternoon, following which the victim was hospitalized and died on Friday. The police said the accused, Pandhari Rasam, was undergoing psychiatric treatment for mental illness. His sister, Mandakini (45), was a divorcee and was residing in Pandhari's house.Pandhari was a contractual labourer while Mandakini contributed to the family income by working as a maid. The brother-sister duo stayed at Sangharsh Nagar in Chandivli near Saki Naka.On Wednesday, around 2pm, Pandhari and Mandakini had an altercation over a domestic issue. An agitated Pandhari started assaulting his sister. An injured Mandakini collapsed on the floor. \"Watching his sister lose consciousness, Pandhari got worried. He rushed her to Sion Hospital and also summoned a cousin, Nandkishore Rane (45), to the hospital,\" said a police official.For two days, Mandakini fought for her life but succumbed to her injuries on Friday. The Sion Hospital authorities immediately contacted the Saki Naka police who registered a case of murder. The police conducted a preliminary probe into the matter, before picking up Pandhari from his residence on Saturday. Rane, his cousin, is the complainant in the murder case. Pandhari told the police that he suffered from epileptic fits whenever he lost control over his actions, due to his mental ailment. He admitted to having thrashed his sister mercilessly, causing her death. However, he added that he did not intend to kill her and his actions were a consequence of epileptic fits. The police are investigating his claim.\"We have found documents which show that Pandhari was undergoing psychiatric treatment. We are probing whether he was unstable at the time of the incident,\" said a senior official.Pandhari will be produced before a metropolitan court on Monday.Pandhari Rasam (the accused) was undergoing psychiatric treatment for mental illness. He allegedly murdered his elder sister by thrashing her at his residence in Chandivli, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230611", "title": "The fine art of revelry", "text": "If you were under the impression that partying comes naturally to the youngsters of Chennai, then you're absolutely right.It's like these hipsters are endowed with the desire to unwind at any and every given opportunity. Whether it's a simple meet-up at a farm house on the outskirts of the city or even a full-fledged disco night at a popular watering hole, these young boys and girls are spoiled for choice, when it comes to the nightlife of Chennai. This restobar played host to a scintillating evening of revelry. The girls and boys arrived with the idea of letting their hair down, and this was one of the nights that let them do just that. With ample topics to pick up conversations over, including Indian cricket's biggest retirement, the partygoers had an awesome time, over the course of the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12227021", "title": "6 thefts reported in a night", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In six theft incidents on Saturday night, thieves stole four vehicles, household items and six tyres.Dinesh Jain, a resident of Sector 19 and owner of both the cars from which the tyres were stolen, said wheels were found missing from the cars on Sunday.In his complaint, Jain said both the cars were parked outside his house at around 10pm on Saturday.Suresh Kumar of Sector 21, Panchkula, reported that thieves stole jewellery, cash and other household items from his in-laws house in Sector 47.Police said the exact loss could not be ascertained because the house owner and other family members are out of station. A case has been registered in this regard.Meanwhile, thieves stole three LPG cylinders, a music system and television set in Sector 40.The house owner Manmohan Singh said the incident took place between February 26 and March 10, when he along with his family members was out of station. Manmohan arrived in Chandigarh on Sunday.Pardeep Kumar Verma of Sector 26 reported that his motorcycle was parked in the parking lot of NAC market in Manimajra when it was stolen.Gurcharan Singh of Sector 56 reported his motorbike stolen from outside his house. Navi Ansari of Hallomajra reported that his three-wheeler stolen from outside his house. A case was registered at police station in Sector 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12227419", "title": "Jailed goon held again for Jhajjar killings", "text": "GURGAON: Jhajjar police arrested one gangster and the present sarpanch of Karor village in connection with Saturday's attack on a police van in which three undertrials were killed. Investigators said the conspiracy was hatched inside Jhajjar jail. They have also recovered three SIM cards and a burnt cellphone handset from the possession of the main accused, Chippi, who is already in prison. He has beensent to two-day police remand.During investigation police officers learnt from a cop deployed in the prisoners' van that the assailants were talking about one Anil, who is in Jhajjar jail. They were saying that he should be informed about the completed task. Based on this input, cops reached Jhajjar jail, and in consultation with the jail superintendent, a search operation was conducted there on Saturday evening.An FIR has been lodged at Jhajjar police station against Chippi for keeping SIM cards and mobile phone in jail premises. Late Saturday, police also arrested another accused identified as Rajesh alias Puru, the present sarpanch of the village. \"Chippi has confessed to the crime. He told us that he got his gang members to execute the plan and the current sarpanch also supported him. The sarpanch provided financial support to the gang members,\" said Alok Mittal, IGP, Rohtak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12227100", "title": "Making their grannies, grandpas proud", "text": "LUDHIANA: Chanakya and his theories have been a great source of learning, be it personal, professional or political arena. In a tribute to the learned man, Ludhiana Sanskritik Samagam (LSS) would stage a play based on his life on March 24.At a press conference on Sunday, association members, which included industrialists Sunil Kant Munjal, Amrit Nagpal, Satish Sawalka and S K Rai, said the play has been penned by Mihir Bhutia and directed by Manoj Joshi , who has acted in movies like ''Sarfarosh'', ''Hera Pheri'', ''Bhagam Bhag'', ''Devdas'', ''Chandni Bar'' and ''Chori Chori''.''Chanakya was the one who anticipated the threat even before the attack of Alexander and at a time when the country was divided into various small groups. He united the country and helped it overcome problems like casteism and regionalism. He was the one who gave the country a strong king like Chandragupta Maurya,'' said Nagpal. Munjal said Chanakya is relevant even today, as he had integrated the government industry and the civil society, which is the need of the hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12227674", "title": "Bust and boom Yelahanka New Town saw it all", "text": "BANGALORE: A green canopy lining up the roads on either side, a bench every 100 metres to plonk oneself on, a well-maintained park in each block and neatly laid-out independent bungalows with an occasional apartment block jutting into the sky. This is no picture-card presentation of the Bangalore of yore but that of Yelahanka New Town (YNT), the epicentre of one of the city's fastest growing areas.Time was when one loathed to go to YNT because it epitomized Bangalore's dream of satellite towns falling flat. Conceived and executed in the 1970s by the Karnataka Housing Board (KHB) to take pressure off Bangalore city, YNT, however, was weighed down by a burden of expectations.But there was a silent churning. The IAF base, CRPF campus, BSF camp, an Escorts plant, a Mother Dairy and the Rail Wheel Factory, and the biennial Aero India shows that began in 1995 kept YNT's dreams from sinking. The Mekhri Circle grade separator and the Hebbal flyover were only paving the way for a better future. The proposal to build Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) in Devanahalli was the game changer. YNT had arrived well before BIA.In the last half decade or so, YNT has witnessed sweeping changes. The national highway leading to the airport and the state highway connecting Doddaballapur have become the development zones. High-rise enclaves and gated communities have sprung up among villages and hamlets along the two roads.Yet the new and the old gel well in YNT. Retail chains rub shoulders with the weekly santhe (market) of Yelahanka. Foreign brands sit comfortably along with their local counterparts. KHB houses (divided as low-income group, middle income and high-income groups) are as much in demand as the mushrooming highrises.Despite the presence of Gen Y, a mall is coming up only now in YNT. Till then youngsters have to go all the way near Hebbal flyover to visit a mall. Pizza and coffee shops have arrived , though. Multiplexes are still not in, but old-time theatres like Ganesha and Prakasha run to full houses. There's only one club in the new town. A walk in the park, chats on benches by the roadside and an icecream from the dairy continue to be time-pass hobbies for the township. \"There is no other source of entertainment. There is no good movie theatre , no choice of good restaurants and no hangouts . There are playgrounds, but no indoor stadium . There is no swimming pool accessible to the middle class,\" said S Vatsa, an engineer working in a private firm. Thankfully, water, power and traffic problems don't bother the township much. Cauvery water is available once in five days, a luxury compared to other parts of Bangalore. There is no stopping the real estate boom. \"Middle-income group houses of 1,000-odd sq feet were once bought for Rs 68,000. Now, people are ready to pay even Rs 60 lakh for an apartment of that size,\" said BVS Shastry , president, Citizen's Forum.Vanishing LakesOld-timers are worried whether the serene Yelahanka New Town will go the Indiranagar way and lose all its serenity. Residents are opposing a sewage treatment plant that is functioning in the heart of the township.Water bodies were once a legion in Yelahanka's neighbourhood. But unbridled development has started affecting them. Puttenahalli lake was once the favourite of Bangalore's bird-watchers ; 50 species used to breed in the water body.Developmental activities were taken up at Alalasandra lake four years ago, but it still has no water. \"The water body is meant to harvest rainwater from all parts of the town. It was one of the biggest water sources, but now it is dry for two years. Open wells surrounding the place are, therefore, drying up and borewells are becoming necessary,\" said KS Sangunni, a retired IISc professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12233991", "title": "Naseer's Michael to open London Asian Film Festival", "text": "Ribhu Dasgupta's \"Michael\" is the opening film at the London Asian Film Festival.The film, which was shot in Kolkata, has Naseeruddin Shah, Mahie Gill , Sabyasachi Chakraborti, Shridhar Watsar, Iravati Harshe and Purav Bhandare in the cast.Says Ribhu, \"Of course, I am very excited about \"Michael\" opening the London Asian Film Festival. This is a big honour for a first-time director like me. However, I will not be able to attend the screening in London.\"For those not in the loop, Naseeruddin Shah plays the role of police officer (Michael). A flashback reveals the young policeman Michael as he is forced to carry out an order to shoot at a peaceful march. In doing so, he ends up killing a boy. Guilt-ridden, he begins to cave on. His failing eyesight leads to him losing his job. To make ends meet, Michael joins the piracy trade of selling Bollywood DVDs. He then gets calls from the father of the boy he killed, threatening to bump off his son as the boy's 12th birthday approaches.Sources say Abhishek Bachchan will open the London Asian Film Festival on March 16 along with British comedian and writer Meera Sayal.Once this screening is over, \"Michael\" is expected to travel to some other international film festivals before it is released in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225683", "title": "Premature births increasing in city", "text": "MUMBAI: City doctors have been witnessing a steady increase in preterm births, which contributes majorly to infant mortality. Out of 7,204 children delivered last year at the civic-run KEM Hospital, 22% were preterm. The incidence is similar for other public hospitals.It is estimated that in India, over a million newborns die annually within a month of their birth. Data compiled by the National Neonatal-Perinatal Database ( NNPD) after a national study on over 31,000 deliveries show that extreme prematurity contributed to more than 28% of deaths.The country's neonatal mortality rate is 44 in 1,000 live births. The causes include infection, maternal under-nutrition, grossly inadequate antenatal care facilities and anaemia. Experts say that till a couple of years ago, the percentage of preterm babies was 15-17%. Of late, this has increased to 22-24%.A senior gynaecologist from KEM said infection was one of the commonest causes of preterm labour. \"Preterm births could be seen more in public hospitals as high-risk pregnancies--high blood pressure due to pregnancy, undernourished mothers, infections that could be bacterial or urinary tract ones--are seen commonly. But with better technology and improved neonatal intensive care centres, more preterm babies are getting a shot at life.\"Kokilaben Hospital's Dr Suchitra Pandit said bacterial colonization could cause membrane rupture and make the mother go into early labour. \"Infection remains one of the biggest causes of nutritional issues. Chronic urine infection can also lead to preterm deliveries in many cases. A system of taking vaginal swabs and going for routine investigations is not yet practiced.\"There is also an urban factor: an overwhelming increase in childbirth through in vitro fertilization, which contributes to multiple pregnancies. KEM delivered 150 sets of twins and seven triplets last year, indicating the trend. Till 2005, 100-120 twins would be born in the hospital.\"The incidence of premature births has definitely gone up, mainly due to multiple pregnancies by way of twins or triplets. This could be due to the growing popularity of treatments including intrauterine insemination. Many factors are responsible for people opting for such treatments, be it late pregnancy among career women or more awareness about and acceptance of such techniques,\" said IVF expert Indira Hinduja. \"About 10% more preterm babies are born now than five years ago, though the incidence in private hospitals is lower.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12226402", "title": "Jagathy better, but still not out of danger", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The condition of actor Jagathy Sreekumar, undergoing treatment for injuries sustained in a car crash, showed signs of improvement but continued to be critical, a medical bulletin said on Sunday. Doctors said he was responding to medicines, but would continue on ventilator support for at least 24 hours. The actor would undergo surgeries for fractures if his lung condition improves in the next 48 houres.undergo surgeries for multiple fractures if his lung condition improved in the next 48 hours. , said professor Dr P Rajan, senior consultant in the department of surgery at Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences.The doctor said Sreekumar has developed signs of mild renal failure, but doctors said it was in the due to multiple injuries. \"Kidney function is mildly deranged but that is in the expected range. for the nature of injuries. It is not serious but requires follow-up,\" he said, adding that the patient would be referred for dialysis in case his condition worsened. Sreekumar's blood pressure was normal and he was responding to medicines. He would be on ventilator support for at least another 24 hours.\"The internal bleeding is completely under control and we have ensured service of doctors round the clock,\" said Dr Rajan.Ministers K P Mohanan and P K Jayalakshmi, actor Kaviyoor Ponnamma and director Lenin Rajendran visited the hospital and enquired about Sreekumar's condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12227860", "title": "Pune-Ahmedabad Duronto flagged off", "text": "PUNE: The tri-weekly Pune-Ahmedabad Duronto train was flagged off on Sunday evening. Just over a hundred passengers travelled by this train on the inaugural day.The non-stop superfast train has a total passenger capacity of 550. However, on the first day, there were just 130 passengers on the train. who had booked their tickets for the train.Divisional railway manager Vishal Agarwal said response to the train would increase soon. Not many were aware of the inaugural run, he said. The train was flagged off by MP Suresh Kalmadi .The Pune-Ahmedabad Duronto is the third such special train for Pune. Two other Duronto trains which are already running include Pune-Delhi and Pune-Howrah. The Pune-Ahmedabad Duronto had been announced in last year's railway budget presented by former railway minister Mamata Banerjee .The fully air-conditioned train has seven III-tier coaches, two II-tier coaches, and one first class AC coach. Barring some operational stops, the train will not halt at any station between Pune and Ahmedabad.Train number 12297 Ahmedabad-Pune AC Duronto Express will run from Ahmedabad with effect from March 13. It will leave Ahmedabad on every Sunday, Tuesday and Friday at 10.30 pm and will reach Pune on every Monday, Wednesday and Saturday at 7 am.The regular service of train no 12298 Pune-Ahmedabad AC Duronto Express will begin from March 15. It will leave Pune every Saturday, Monday and Thursday at 9.45 pm and will reach Ahmedabad on every Sunday, Tuesday and Friday at 6.20 am. tnnAs this train is an overnight service from both Pune and Ahmedabad, there is no provision of any catering services, railway officials said. The fare for Ist AC is Rs 1800. For IInd AC, the fare is Rs 1010, and for III-tier AC, the fare is Rs 690, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12227570", "title": "Thieves steal jewellery, cash", "text": "PATNA: A group of thieves stole gold jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh and Rs 20,000 in cash from the house of one Ajay Kumar , godown manager of a private company, on Road number 1, Kali Mandir locality under the Patrakarnagar police station recently.The victim lodged a written complaint with the police station concerned in this connection on Sunday. Patrakarnagar police station in-charge SHO R P Manjhi said that Kumar was not aware of the theft as he had left for Dhanbad with his family before Holi and returned to the city on Sunday. He said the thieves broke open the latchet of the door.Manjhi claimed that the thieves escaped with some gold ornaments and Rs 7,000 cash from the house. Raids were on to arrest the thieves, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12231234", "title": "Helen's life story is so inspiring: Omi Vaidya", "text": "This is one starry tale that Omi Vaidya says he would not like to forget in a hurry. The star, who recently worked with Helen in Jodi Breakers , is full of praise for the actress.He says, \"The best part of this movie was working with Helen. Initially though I was wary of speaking to her. But, slowly I found myself chatting with her quite a bit. And as she told me about how she started her journey in films, I was stupefied. She told me how as a child she had made an arduous journey from Burma to Kolkata and how she faced so many trials and tribulations along the way. After she reached Kolkata she really had to struggle to make it in the Hindi film industry.\"Saying that he's never met a more graceful star, Omi adds, \"Speaking to Helenji and seeing the way she carried herself all through the shooting was like watching royalty. So dignified, so elegant and so humble. Even the disciplined manner in which she'd approach her work - it left me in total awe. I then realised that we crib so much even when we have so many things. And people like Helen, who have come up in life through grit and gumption hardly ever boast or complain! There's so much to learn from actors like them. They are stars not just on screen, they are heroes in real life too!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12227735", "title": "Biker rams median on unlit stretch, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A software professional biking to airport in the early hours of Sunday was killed after his vehicle smashed into a median at Pallavaram Radial Road. The 28-year-old youth, Srinivas Reddy, was taking his friend Anil Reddy, a doctor from Andhra Pradesh, to the airport when the accident happened on the unlit stretch at Okkiam Thoraipakkam. Anil has been admitted to the hospital with injuries. Srinivas was employed at a company in Perungudi.Anil came to Chennai on Friday to fly to London for his higher studies in medicine and Srinivas had put him up. The two left home for airport at 2am and took the radial road that connects OMR and Pallavaram. All of a sudden the bike ran into a median and toppled. Srinivas died on the spot. Passersby rushed Anil to the hospital where he is recovering. Local residents and police blamed the lack of streetlighting for the accident. \"Streetlight poles have been installed but the electricity board is yet to supply power,\" said a police officer. \"The road has been constructed on a dry river bed. There is a 10 feet drop-off on either side of the road. It is a highly unsafe road, especially because of bad lighting,\" the officer said.The traffic police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12227816", "title": "Karuna again blames govt for N-plant delay", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Sunday blamed the ruling AIADMK over the delay in the opening of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant and urged the state and Centre to take all efforts to open the plant immediately.\"The people should notice the escapist attitude of the state government, which has done nothing to open the plant but blames the Centre besides writing letters. Without delay, Centre and state government should take efforts to open the plant,\" he said. \"Jayalalithaa has not responded to my doubt if government supports the agitation or not. She is also silent on the report by the state-appointed expert panel on this issue,\" said Karunanidhi.He said that Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited reportedly said that a loss of Rs 5 crore per day was incurred following the long protest and said \"It is not clear why the AIADMK government has not taken any decision in this matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12226787", "title": "City doctor kills self", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 36-year-old gynaecologist who had on Saturday afternoon consumed poison in a bid to end her life, succumbed on Sunday morning while receiving treatment at a Jubilee Hills hospital.The victim, Radhika Reddy of Road No. 12, Banjara Hills, was a gynaecologist with a private hospital at Malakpet. Her husband Sridhar Reddy, also a doctor, works at Secunderabad's Apollo Hospitals . It was on Sunday morning that the Banjara Hills police was alerted by Radhika's family members about the her having committed suicide.\"Radhika did not go to the hospital on Saturday. After having lunch, Radhika went to her room for a siesta. At dinner time, her family members went to call her but found her room latched from the inside. Receiving no response to their calls, they broke open the door and found Radhika lying on the bed, unconscious and frothing at the mouth,\" Banjara Hills sub-inspector B Ramesh said.Family members immediately shifted Radhika to the hospital where she died on Sunday. \"There was no suicide note and we are yet to ascertain the exact cause of death,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12226687", "title": "Time to get state minority bodies running effectively", "text": "The focus of this year's annual conference of State Minorities Commissions (SMCs), being hosted by the National Commission for Minorities (NCM) in Delhi on March 13 &amp; 14, is on \"minorities and the police.\" This is the first time that the one-and-a-half day meeting is being devoted exclusively to this key subject.The NCM is making it a high-profile event with the participation of M K Narayanan and Julio Ribeiro, senior police officials from states, non-governmental organization (NGO) representatives and human rights activists, besides top functionaries of the SMCs. The NCM has chosen this subject since a large number of complaints that come to the NCM and SMCs relate to the handling of cases relating to minorities by the police. Common grievance is that the police do not care for the sensitivities of the minorities and display bias towards them. SMCs, NGOs and human rights activists would speak about the conditions prevailing on the ground with a view to sensitise the police in dealing with the minorities. The objective of the NCM chairperson Wajahat Habibullah in focusing on this critical subject is laudable.Another key issue at the annual conference would be the review of the functioning of the SMCs in various states. The SMC is meant to protect and safeguard the interests and rights of the minorities enshrined in the Constitution and various laws enacted by Parliament and state legislatures. Aggrieved persons belonging to minorities are supposed to approach the SMC for redressal of their grievances. They can send their representations to NCM only after exhausting all other remedies available to them.But the problem is compounded because almost half of the states do not have SMCs. Andhra Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Delhi, Jharkhand , Karnataka, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh , Manipur, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu , Uttarakhand , Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal have set up SMCs. On the other hand, 14 other states do not have SMCs and the list includes Gujarat, Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh , Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Odisha, Kerala, Goa and six north-eastern states. Gujarat, in fact, has been persistently refusing to set up SMC, despite prodding from the NCM.At the annual conference of SMCs held in 2008, the role and status of SMCs was thoroughly debated, including measures for strengthening their functioning, better coordination between SMCs and NCM and public awareness and interface with the media. Yet, four years later, the situation remains the same. Variations persist among various SMCs with regard to the powers and status of chairmen and members. These SMCs do not have adequate secretarial and logistic support. Some of them are yet to be IT-enabled with their own websites and online computerized grievance redressal mechanism. Many of them lack in-house capabilities for monitoring and evaluation of various schemes and activities which have direct or indirect bearing on minorities.Barring Manipur, the other SMCs are statutory bodies. Some SMCs are functioning without chairmen and members. Some of them do not have adequate staff, office space, equipment or budgetary allocations. AP State Minorities Commission, for instance, has been without chairman and members for over three years. Despite reminders from NCM chairman, the state government has been dragging its feet in reconstituting the State Minorities Commission. It remains to be seen whether the state government would abide by its undertaking given to the AP High Court that it would constitute the SMC within a specified time-frame.In fact, the NCM would do well to take up a comprehensive study on the functioning of the 15 SMCs from the time each one of them was set up to find out how effective they have proved so far.(The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kochi/thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226388", "title": "Achuthanandan slanders Sindhu Joy", "text": "KOCHI/THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Opposition Leader V S Achuthanandan was at his vituperative best when on Sunday he compared the present condition of Sindhu Joy, former SFI leader who quit CPM to join the Congress, to that of an abhisarika (loosely translated as 'courtesan' or 'kept woman').Speaking to the media at Aluva, he said, \"Didn't the UDF use Sindhu Joy during the assembly polls? She toured all the constituencies in the state campaigning for Congress. Where is she now? Don't people dump abhisarikas after use? Similarly UDF abandoned her after use.''The former CM's remarks have stirred a hornet's nest. Mahila Congress workers in Kochi took out a protest march and burnt Achuthanandan's effigy while KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala asked Achuthanandan to withdraw his statement and apologise. \"He should apologise publicly for using such nasty words against women leaders. A leader of his stature should not have used such words against a woman,\" chief minister Oommen Chandy said.Even CPM women leaders have expressed their displeasure over Achuthanandan's statement. When told about the opposition leader's most recent gaffe, CPM politburo member Brinda Karat expressed shock but refused to comment. \"What! No! No! I have been in a politburo meeting all day. I just got home and I am just hearing about it from you for the first time. I don't wish to comment. Let me find out what happened.\"While Brinda Karat took time to process the information, MLA and secretary of All India Democratic Women's Association, K K Shylaja, said that Achuthanandan has a habit of picking the wrong words. \"I mean let's face it, the Congress did use Sindhu Joy to campaign for them and they did discard her. There are no lies in that, and VS is someone who has stood behind women's rights and has a strong voice against politicians like Kunhalikutty. His intentions are not bad. He is a fighter and a good politician but sometimes he uses colloquial words that just don't fit,\" Shylaja said.Following the furore, Achuthanandan 'corrected' his statement in the evening, choosing a culinary metaphor instead of the earlier moralistic one. \"I never thought that my statement would be misinterpreted. Originally, I was trying to convey that Sindhu was abandoned by Congress like curry leaves after being used for gaining political mileage on the issue,\" Achuthanandan said. \"While she was with us, she had held high offices in the SFI. But after joining the Congress, Sindhu Joy is nowhere in the picture.\"During the last assembly elections Achuthanandan courted similar controversy by making statements against Lathika Subhash, his opponent in Malampuzha constituency. His remark that everyone knew what Lathika was \"famous\" for had earned the wrath of various organisations and individuals. Though the UDF filed a libel against Achuthanandan, the court absolved him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12231460", "title": "There's so much of India to explore: Bipasha Basu", "text": "Whirlwind tour of cities, continuous bytes to the media and living out of a suitcase, don't bog down Bipasha Basu too much.\"It's a part and parcel of our routine these days and so I don't think there's anything to fret about. However, I just wish that during all these promotional visits to various cities I got some more time on hand,\" says the star.Recounting her visit to Nagpur, she says, \"I've come here twice, but yet have seen so less of the city. And there are so many cities like this that we actors just touch base and leave. While I do try and soak in the experience of meeting my fans and reaching out to the people in each visit of mine, I do realize that there's so much of India I have to explore!\"Saying that hotels , malls and multiplexes are the places she gets to visit most often, Bipasha adds, \"I'd love to take time off and see the real India. It's something that excites me. Maybe, I'll just do it. Unplanned. Much like how I took up acting. I learnt everything on the job. Maybe I'll learn about India as I travel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12227776", "title": "Youths go on rampage at Bandipur", "text": "MYSORE: Seven youths from Bangalore heading to Bandipur National Park allegedly attempted to vandalize a resort 1km away from the tiger reserve, and assaulted a security guard.According to police, the incident took place early on Saturday morning at Nilgiri Resort. The youths had booked the forest department guesthouse in Bandipur, but could not enter the park as they reached late. Traffic is banned inside the tiger reserve between 6pm and 6am. The youths then drove back to Nilgiri Resort in their fourwheeler , a Tata Sumo , and asked for a room. When the security guard informed them that rooms were not available, the youths assaulted him and tried to vandalize the resort. They were drunk, police said.Resort owner Chandrashekar said: \"Since it was the weekend, all the rooms were booked. This enraged the drunken youths, who rammed the gate of the resort and broke the lock. Later, they rammed their vehicle into the compound. When the resort workers tried to catch them, they hurled stones and escaped. While fleeing, they ran over our Labrador.\" He alleged that there were 10 other persons in two other cars, who he suspected were accompanying the seven accused persons.Soon after the youths fled the resort premises, Chandrashekar alerted Gundlupet police. Within 30 minutes, all seven - Karan Kaushik, 31, an interior designer; Arun Kumar, 25, a contractor; Srinivas , 30, a sales manager at Kotak Mahindra Bank; Raghu, an analyst with Accenture ; Harish, a state government employee working at Vikasa Soudha; C K Bhushan , manager with Agni Properties ; and Mahesh - were nabbed by police on the outskirts of Gundlupet.Later, they were produced before court, which granted them bail. When TOI contacted two of the accused over phone on Sunday evening, they refused to comment.A Night Of Anger7 Bangalore youths book a room in Bandipur forest guesthouse, denied permission to enter the park as it's closed from 6pm to 6am for vehicular trafficThey drive back to the outskirts of the forest, ask for a room at a resort 1km from the reserveResort booked out; angry that rooms are denied, the group of seven reportedly goes on the rampage, assaults a security guard at the resort and runs over a dogThey drive off under the cover of darkness, but caught near Gundlupet. All 7 arrested, produced before a court, out on bail", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12226009", "title": "Ganga warrior hospitalized after health deteriorates", "text": "VARANASI: The scientist-turned-seer Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (earlier known as noted environmentalist Prof GD Agrawal) who stopped taking even water from Saturday, was admitted to SPG Divisional Hospital by the district administration on Sunday morning following deterioration in his health condition.However, even after this development, Swami Sanand continued his fast-unto-death stir which he is terming as 'tapasya'. Another seer Gangapremi Bhikshu sat on a hunger strike in his place at Kedar Ghat, where the agitation had been started under the banner of Ganga Sewa Abhiyanam (GSA) to save the Ganga.It is worth mentioning here that Swami Sanand had not been taking food from February 8 to March 8.On Friday (March 9), he left even water and lost some weight by Saturday. Initially to convince him to call off his stir, ADM (administration) RY Mishra and SP (City) MS Chauhan reached Kedar Ghat on Saturday morning.But, the seer remained rigid on his stand to continue with his stir. In the evening, district magistrate Ravindra and DIG Ram Kumar also made attempts to convince the seer to end his fast. Finally the officials returned from Kedar Ghat after leaving a team of health officials, including two doctors, with the seer.The same doctors noticed deterioration in Swami Sanand's health condition and recommended the district officials to hospitalise him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12226901", "title": "MLAs want BSY to lead next poll campaign", "text": "HUBLI: High command's refusal to give any plum posts for former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa has left several BJP MLAs worried.They think that their victory in the next elections is not possible if Yeddyurappa does not lead the campaign from the front. Over 50 MLAs ,who participated in the 70th birth day celebration of the former CM organized in Hubli on Sunday, said that the party chiefs should recognize BSY's contributions to the party in the state and his role in forming the first BJP government in the south India.They demanded the high command to take immediate decision on the issue. They believe that if Yeddyurappa is not given a plum post, many lingayat voters may not support BJP candidates. They said as the HC quashed FIR against him in illegal mining scam, Yeddyurappa should be reinstated as the new CM. MLA Nehru Olekar, Haveri, said, \"Yeddyurappa should be made either party president or CM. If he takes leadership, party will again become strong.\" Hemachandra Sagar, Chikkapeth MLA, said, \"Next elections should be fought under the leadership of Yeddyurappa.\" \"He built the party in the state by working hard for 40 years. He must get a suitable position in the party,\" said Shivangouda Naik, MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12229946", "title": "Google+ aims to more than double users this year", "text": "NEW YORK: Google Inc aims to more than double the number of people on its social-networking service this year, which has already reached 100 million active users.The growth of Google+ has surpassed any estimates the company had, said Vic Gundotra, a senior vice president in charge of social initiatives. Google unveiled the service last June, challenging the dominance of Facebook Inc's site.\"We're pretty impressed,\" Gundotra said in an interview on Bloomberg Television. \"We're pretty blown away by the adoption of Google+.\" Google added the social-networking service in a bid to keep users on its site longer and boost ad revenue.The company said in January that Google+ had topped 90 million members, more than double the amount in October. Still, its user base is dwarfed by Facebook Inc's 845 million-plus members. And ComScore Inc estimates that Google+'s members spend a fraction of the time on the site than their Facebook counterparts.Google+ is the basis for a broader shift at the Mountain View, California-based company, Gundotra said. \"Google+ could be viewed as Google 2.0,\" he said. \"Google+ is the next generational of all of Google becoming unified because it understands you and your relationships. And so all services get better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12227765", "title": "Crackdown on mining mafia: Ex-dacoit, BJP leader arrested", "text": "BHOPAL: Following the death of an IPS officer Narendra Kumar Singh, a worried Madhya Pradesh government rushed a 150 strong fighters of Special Armed Force (SAF) to take on the mining mafia in the Chambal division. It also launched a crackdown on illegal miners at other places.Cracking a whip on mining mafia, the police on Sunday arrested BJP's former Morena district vice-president Hamir Singh Patel, who was evading arrest since January 31, for allegedly assaulting officers and forcibly taking away two tractor trolleys engaged in stone quarrying. The BJP leader had assaulted mining inspector Rajkumar Barethe on January 31 when he along with district mining officer Rakesh Kaneria had impounded two tractor-trolleys engaged in illegal mining.When the two officials were taking away the seized vehicles, they were intercepted by the BJP leader and his supporters who allegedly thrashed Barethe and forcibly took away the trolleys, police sources said.Meanwhile, police also arrested Kuber Singh, a former dacoit, whose gang members had opened fire at a team of civil and police officials when they were trying to destroy a temporary bridge constructed over Ken River in Panna district. The bridge was being used for transporting illegally mined sand to the neighbouring Uttar Pradesh.In Morena district, where the IPS officer Narendra Kumar was killed after being hit by a tractor trolley laden with stones on Holi day, two companies of SAF, armed with sophisticated weapons like AK - 47, Self Loading Rifle (SLR) and Indian Small Arm System (ISAS) have already reached Morena from Bhopal and one more group is likely to reach the district shortly.Morena district superintendent of police Sanjay Kumar told TOI that each company comprises 75 fighters adding they would be a part of task force - comprising officials of district police, forest, and mining and revenue departments. Though the Task Force in Morena has been formed some time ago, it was proving to be inefficient for want of policemen to check the illegal mining mafia activities which were plundering minerals in Morena.The state government move to deploy SAF companies to deal with mining mafia in Chambal division-Morena and Bhind districts known for lawlessness-came after reports that the police and revenue officials were proving to be lame ducks before the money and muscle power of the mining mafia.In 2007, the mining mafia has opened fire at the then Morena collector Akash Tripathi and Superintendent of Police Harisingh Yadav when they had gone to check illegal mining in that district. They had escaped unhurt in more than 20 minutes exchange of fire between the law enforcers and mining mafia in which around 50 rounds were fired.Referring to Saturday's firing on team of officials in Panna, district superintendent of Police Anil Maheshwari said a person, Kubar Singh, was arrested in connection with a case of firing on a police team, which had gone to Ajaygarh to probe illegal mining in the area by sand mafia. The police have taken control over the area, he added.An expert team of MP geology and mining department reached Morena from Bhopal and studied the stones in the impounded tractor trolley that killed young IPS officer Narendra Kumar Singh on the festival of Holi.The team comprising three experts took the stones and reached some mines to zero in on the quarry from which it had been excavated, a top mining official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "music director", "code": "12235741", "title": "Blood Money: Music Review", "text": "Music Director: Jeet Ganguly Lyrics: Sayeed QadriChaahat rendered by Rahat Fateh Ali Khan is a wonderful product of voice, rhythmn and soul. Jeet Ganguly has adopted the essence of his popular Bengali number 'Ek Mutho Sopno Cheve'. Sayed Qadri's sensitive lyrics make this song perfect for a romantic narrative setting in the film. Jeet employs great amount of Sufi rock in this composition, and the song proves to make for an apt beginning of a Bhatt album.The next song 'Gunaah' ought to be applauded for its music arrangement. The song is laden with heavy rock and metal, and Jeet once again uses some Sufi elements to this number. Beautifully delivered by Mustafa Zahid, Gunnah is yet another adaptation of Jeet Ganguly's Bengali track Khujechi Toke Raat Berate. The album consists of yet another version of the same track - Gunaah (Unplugged) - which is a softer, slower, longer version by Rana Mazumdar, in which the heavy base of the original Gunaah has been replaced by piano and violin.'Teri Yaadon Se' is the third number in the 'Blood Money' album. Sung by Mustafa Zahid, the song is bound to be popular given the music, lyrics and rendition. A beautiful number that has repeat value, Teri Yaadon Se is a winner all the way. He song has a remix version that is rather catchy and peppy. Mustafa Zahid does well in singing this one as per the requirements of a club number.Blood Money does well in maintaining the tempo. With 'Jo Tere Sang' next, the song deserves much praise. Once again proving that the combination of Jeet Ganguly and Mustafa Zahid is a solid one, Jo Tere Sang is a beautiful hummable number.The album ends with 'Arzoo', a song that's composed by guest music directors Sangget-Siddharth Haldipur with lyrics by Kumaar. Sung by Clinton Cerejo this is one happy track. Overall, Blood Money, like all previous Bhatt films, has some great music that'll help take the movie to a different level altogether.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225463", "title": "Korchi villagers defy Naxal threat, cast votes freely", "text": "NAGPUR: The healthy polling percentage, expected to cross 69%, in the civic body election of the Korchi taluka on Sunday scripted an unexpected victory for district administration and security forces who had to organize the process in the face of stiff Naxal opposition. The election to two Zilla Parishad and four Panchayat Samiti seats took place in the taluka after a delay of around one month following a boycott by the local population.The polling in 37 booths took place in sensitive north Gadchiroli taluka that was turned into a fortress. According to a reliable source in police department, the security agencies were expecting Naxal violence to disrupt polling. The threat had increased manifold after Naxals conducted a public meeting in broad daylight at Maseli last week to dissuade tribal population from participating in the election. The district administration had failed to conduct the election in Korchi after the local villagers decided to boycott the polling protesting government's decision to hand over sizable forested region to a mining company.An upbeat Gadchiroli district collector Abhishek Krishna said that the credit for the high polling went to the polling staffers. \"Many staffers walked 20-25 kms through the jungles to reach the booths. Co-ordination with police was effective,\" he said. Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, S Vireesh Prabhu said \"the polling was peaceful\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12225738", "title": "Traffic survey ordered for metro project", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Metrolink Express Gandhinagar-Ahmedabad (MEGA), the special company formed for the Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar Metro Rail project, has ordered a survey of traffic at each of its stations to finalize the frequency of trains.Ahmedabad city has over 30 lakh registered vehicles, of which around 20 lakh are two wheelers. Officials in MEGA said that they want to not only find out the exact number of commuters through public transport, but also the possible number of two-wheeler and four-wheeler drivers who would be able to convert to Metro leaving behind their vehicles.A surveyor who was roped in for the survey said the survey is being taken up at specific locations which includes Vasna, Paldi, Ellisbridge, Nehru Bridge, Old RBI office, Income Tax, Gujarat Vidyapith, Vadaj, RTO and Sabarmati in Ahmedabad city. Also survey is being ordered on similar lines in Gandhinagar city.Officials said that the survey is to find out the exact number of commuters who board buses from these areas. The vehicles passing from the area will also be noted.MEGA officials said this would pave way for deciding the frequency of trains between Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar. Officials said that there was also a possibility that some of the trains during non-peak hours or office hours may end near Chandkheda as this area witnesses heavy traffic.Officials said that MEGA has conducted site surveys.In the first phase, the officials plan to connect APMC Vasna to Akshardham via Ashram Road, Koba Circle (32.65 km) with 31 stations. The Gandhinagar route would be totally elevated. Connecting the airport to Gift City is also part of the plans for the first phase.Connecting Thaltej to Kalupur (10.90 km) with 11 stations is being also planned in the first phase. However, the route alignment for Thaltej-Kalupur is still not finalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12226882", "title": "MLAs' assets show marked rise in 5 years", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The assets of most MLAs who re-contested elections have grown by leaps and bounds in the last five years. Some have even registered a phenomenal rise of over 1,000%.According to data of the 74 not-so-new MLAs released by the association for democratic reforms (ADR), Kewal Singh Dhillon of Congress has shown the highest increase in assets -- of 1,048%. He is closely followed by party MLA Sunil Kumar Jakhar, with 1256% jump in assets. Dhillon's assets increased from Rs 6.83 crores in 2007 to Rs 78.51 crores, and Jakhar's rose from Rs 50.45 lakhs in 2007 to Rs 6.84 crores in 2012.There is another politician giving Dhillon a tough competition -- Adeish Partap Singh Kairon of Shiromani Akali Dal . Kairon's assets have increased by Rs 30.41 crores -- from Rs 20.81 crores in 2007 to Rs 51.23 crores this year. Deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal's assets increased by Rs 22.87 crores -- from Rs 67.98 crores in 2007 to Rs 90.86 crores. Former SAD minister Tota Singh's assets rose from Rs 3.34 crores in 2007 to Rs 15.90 crores.Other MLAs who saw a spectacular jump in their assets include Navtej Singh of Congress and Hardyal Singh Kamboj, from Rs 21.15 lakhs and Rs 42.89 lakhs in 2007 to Rs 2.44 crores and Rs 4.92 crores respectively.The data reveals that 32 Congress MLAs registered highest average increase of 198%, followed by BJP's eight MLAs with 77% rise. In case of SAD, 33 MLAs registered an average growth of 8% in their assets.The average increase in the assets of 74 MLAs has been recorded at 60%, the report reveals.There are only four politicians in the list including Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and BJP legislature party leader Chunni Lal Bhagat whose assets show a decline in the last five years. Badal's assets have come down from Rs 9.20 crores in 2007 to Rs 6.75 crores in 2012 and Bhagat's from Rs 4.66 crores in 2007 to Rs 1.67 crores in 2012.Top 5 MLAs with highest asset increase in rupeesName Assets in 2007 Assets in 2012Kewal Singh Dhillon Rs 6.83cr Rs 78.51crAdeish Partap Singh KaironRs 20.82cr Rs 51.23crSukhbir Badal Rs 67.98crRs 90.86crTota SinghRs 3.33crRs 19.24crS K DawarRs 2.42crRs 16.72crMLAs with highest asset increase in percentageName %ageSunil Kumar Jakhar 1256%Navtej Singh 1057%Kewal Singh Dhillon 1048%Hardyal Singh Kamboj 1047%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12226602", "title": "Pale statistics plague state health service", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state health service, which laments a shortage of specialist doctors in different categories, is not utilizing the services of those specialists who are in service.According to sources, there are several specialists in the health service, who can replace the retried hands. But they are currently deputed to either general or administrative cadre. Several district medical officers, additional district medical officers and those who head various surveillance projects are specialist doctors. They include director of health service Dr P K Jameela (paediatrician), additional director of health service (vigilance) Dr Ramani (medicine) and additional director of health service (planning) Dr Prabha Chandran ( psychiatrist).The state health service will soon face more problems with 75 specialist doctors retiring on March 31. To tide over the situation , the government is contemplating a proposal to raise the retirement age of government doctors to 60 from the present 55. After the specialty cadre was established in the health service, 300 posts are remaining vacant, since there are not enough specialists. Now with the mass retirement, the crisis is going to deepen. Several of the key posts will be left with only a few specialist doctors.Departments like medicine, surgery, radiology, dermatology and anaesthesia are the ones which will bear the brunt of it. Radiology has only eleven specialist doctors in the state and one of them is retiring this month. Similar is the case of anaesthesia, where four doctors are retiring out of the 76 available. Most number of doctors is retiring from the gynaecology - 20.In general medicine department, out of the 214 sanctioned posts there are only 119 specialists available now. Similarly, in surgery, in the 183 posts there are only 84 doctors. In anaesthesia, out of the 131 posts, the doctors available are 76. In dermatology, out of the 81 posts there are only 53 doctors, in radiology there are only 11 doctors out of the 21 sanctioned posts and in respiratory medicine, only 39 doctors are available out of the 71 sanctioned posts. The worst-affected is the forensic wing where there are 18 sanctioned posts but only three doctors are available in the service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12229608", "title": "Joy Mukherjee is gone! It's so hard to believe: Saira Banu", "text": "Yesteryear actresses Saira Banu remembers her buddy late Joy Mukherjee.\"Joy gone! It's so hard to believe.. Just a week back I had sent him and his wife Neelam pictures that I had taken when they had come to the get-together at our home. He had become so overweight he had to be carried inside. Kya ho gaya Joy ko? His whole family used to be so much into fitness. Joy's father the great filmmaker Sashadhar Mukherjee was keenly into physical fitness. He had an akhaada(wrestling ring) in his home. I think after Sashadhar Saab's death Joy just gave up. He let himself go to such an extent that his wife Neelam had no control over his diet. She tells me she'd give him healthy food at home. He would then leave home with his driver to go and have all the unhealthy junk food like samosas and what have you. Such is life, I guess,\" recalls Saira Banu.\"When you are hell-bent on self-destruction nothing can stop you. I can still remember his ever-smiling face. It's hard to believe he's gone. Joy and I were buddies. We did so many films together that we would look at each other's faces on the first day of shooting and groan, 'Not you again!'. Our most successful film together was of course Shagird. The director Subodh Mukherjee made Joy go on a special fitness regime for this role, just as he made Shammi Kapoor do when we did Junglee together. So Joy was fitter than ever in Shagird. By then I had gotten married to Yusuf Saab. So on the first day of shooting Joy said he hoped I will learn some acting, now that I was married to the God of acting. I was livid. 'Joy ke bachche!' I screamed at him. That was the kind of relationship I had with him. We could scream at one another and fight. But at the end of the day we were friends. I've seen girls swooning over Joy. I could never understand why. I never looked at him that way. Yusuf Saab and I visited him in hospital just a few days ago. We were told he was on the road to recovery. And now, this,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12232352", "title": "Chennai police seize Rs 7cr from illegal lottery operator", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai police have arrested Nagaraj, believed to be an associate of lottery king Santiago Martin on Monday. Police seized Rs 7 crore from Nagaraj's house in Thillai Ganga Nagar. Tamil Nadu has banned all kinds of lotteries.The police acted on a tip-off and carried out the raid in the morning. Curios onlookers gathered at the posh residence in the southern periphery of the city. Neighbours said they were suspicious of Nagaraj as often he used to dig up the house and fill it with granite chips. He is married and the couple have two sons studying in college. Nagaraj told investigating offers that the money was given to him by Moorthy, an associate of Martin, city police commissioner J K Tripathy said.The two-storey house is located on the 25th cross in Thillai Ganga Nagar. Police said an office was located on the ground floor dealing in home appliances which was used as a front for Nagaraj's illegal business. The cash had made its way into the house on Saturday and police suspect that it was from the sale of lottery tickets. Police said Nagaraj led a quite life but was well connected with politicians and had funded a couple Tamil films earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12227856", "title": "Concern over Ajit Pawar's dam proposal", "text": "PUNE: The civil society has said that the city should explore options like local water sources, reuse of waste water, rainwater harvesting, and improving water supply efficiency before demanding options like new large dams, that are not only expensive but destructive.The issue was raised following deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's recent statement that Pune should build a new dam for improving its water supply to the city.Sujit Patwardhan from Parisar, Vijay Paranjpye from Gomukh Trust, Aneeta Gokhale Benninger from Centre for Development Studies and Activities (CDSA), Tasneem Balasinorwala from Pune Tree Watch, K J Joy from Fourm for Policy Dialogue on Water Conflicts in India, Suneel Joshi from Jalbiradari and Parineeta Dandekar from South Asia Network on Dams, River and People (SANDRP), all voiced their concern.According to them, looking at the way the city has been treating its water resources; such a recommendation was entirely unjustified. \"Before coming to any such conclusion, the water resources department needs to make a public statement about allocation of water from Khadakwasala, Warasgaon, Panshet and Temghar dams and Khadakwasala canals to various sectors, including private townships like Lavasa and Nanded city, Pune city, industrial area and water users' associations. This data should be analysed,'' they said.The organisations pointed out that the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) should come out with a white paper on the precise monthly need of the city and usage, population and water use for each ward, current per capita water supply, projection of future need, the amount of polluted waste water that it treats, figures for each sewage treatment plant along with the input and output quality and quantity, design parameters and month-wise figures of returns to the specific canal network and the river , functioning bulk water meters and their month-wise readings and water audit that shows the sources, use, losses, sewage outputs, among others.Follow-ups needed* The two Katraj tanks built across Ambil Rivulet, still harvest huge quantities of water, volume of Katraj lake alone is more than 3 MCM (300 crore litres of water). The Pashan tank on Ramnadi supplies water to the Pashan area and university. Utilising these and other such water sources within and around, the city can help Pune's water security.* Watershed development work to be carried out on the hills surrounding Pune along with aforestation and reforestation.* The potential of rainwater harvesting should be explored in Pune.* Waste water treatment and reuse should be explored.* It has been estimated that wastages and leakages in Pune's water supply system amount to more than 40%. The city urgently needs to adopt metering system.* Demand side management: Pune also needs to assess the water consumption by various sectors and sections and see where it is possible to reduce unwarranted, wasteful use.* Instead of exclusively focusing on investment-intensive river destruction options, the city needs to work on river and stream restoration through citizen's participation urgently.* Accountable water governance where the citizens are participants and aware of the investments and projects can monitor progress and question the functioning of departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227280", "title": "Mentally ill woman kills self", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman suffering from mental illness committed suicide in the Burari area of north Delhi. The woman's husband is a Delhi Police constable and was not at home at the time of incident.The woman allegedly killed herself by slitting her throat using a stone cutter on Saturday around 6pm. The suicide was discovered by her family who informed police. She was rushed to a nearby hospital where she was declared brought dead, police said.\"A day before the incident, she had enquired from labourers at a construction site near her house how a stone cutter worked. When the workers took a break on Saturday afternoon, she went to the site and filched the stone cutter,\" said a senior police officer. \"The woman was on medication and was being treated at IBHAS in Shahdara,\" he said. The woman was being treated for mental illness for the past five years, police said. She is survived by her husband and three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227472", "title": "India celebrates the spirit of Japan a year after tsunami", "text": "NEW DELHI: A year after the devastation, the indomitable spirit of Japan rules. An exhibition and video-screening at the Japanese embassy marked the first anniversary of the earthquake and tsunami that claimed 15,854 lives in Japan last year. The Sendai airport reopened within a month of the March 11 tsunami; the first Japan Airlines flight took off on April 13. The Tohoku Shinkansen platform at Sendai was left battered after the tragedy, but services resumed on April 25. A 150-metre section of Joban Expressway that had caved in was similarly restored by March 15.A display of before-and-after images of such examples of speedy recovery was part of the programme, which also included a minute of silence at 11.16am - 2.46pm by Japan time - when the earthquake had struck.The help extended to Japan by India was the special focus of the programme. Japanese ambassador to India, Akitaka Saiki, said 163 countries, including India, offered assistance after the 9-magnitude earthquake and the ensuing tsunami. Apart from those dead, there were 26,999 injured and 71,124 evacuees; 3,155 are still missing. \"A boy, about 10 years old, used to come every day with his father to look for his mother,\" says commandant Alok Awasthi who led a rescue team of 46 from the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) in Onagawa. \"We found seven bodies and every time we recovered one, we observed two minutes of silence,\" says Awasthi. That wasn't part of the job, \"it came naturally\". \"We also discovered a bundle of 50 million Yen,\" he adds.Photos of rescue teams from different parts of the world conducting rescue missions - China, Mexico, France, US, Australia, Korea - and clearing rubble - UK - were on display. Food distributed by rescue teams from Pakistan, Iran and Myanmar, and the medical help offered by Israel were also captured on camera. India sent mineral water, 26,000 blankets and 10 tonnes of biscuits. The Japanese are immensely grateful for every bit of help received. Among artwork by kids from affected areas are also thank-you notes, saying \"d h a n y av a d\", and that too in Devanagari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12233294", "title": "Personal cloud to replace PC by 2014: Gartner", "text": "BANGALORE: The reign of the personal computer as the sole corporate access device is coming to a close, and by 2014, the personal cloud will replace the personal computer at the centre of users' digital lives, according to technology researcher Gartner, Inc.Gartner analysts said the personal cloud will begin a new era that will provide users with a new level of flexibility with the devices they use for daily activities, while leveraging the strengths of each device, ultimately enabling new levels of user satisfaction and productivity.However, it will require enterprises to fundamentally rethink how they deliver applications and services to users, a Gartner statement said.\"Major trends in client computing have shifted the market away from a focus on personal computers to a broader device perspective that includes smartphones, tablets and other consumer devices,\" said Steve Kleynhans, research vice president at Gartner.\"Emerging cloud services will become the glue that connects the web of devices that users choose to access during the different aspects of their daily life.\"The past two years have been a whirlwind in the client computing space, leaving many enterprises asking what comes next and what the environment will look like in five years, it said.\"Many call this era the post-PC era, but it isn't really about being 'after' the PC, but rather about a new style of personal computing that frees individuals to use computing in fundamentally new ways to improve multiple aspects of their work and personal lives,\" Kleynhans said.Several driving forces are combining to create this new era. These megatrends have roots that extend back through the past decade but are aligning in a new way, Gartner added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12225807", "title": "Singed govt lifts ban on cotton exports", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union commerce minister Anand Sharma on Sunday announced his decision to revoke the order banning cotton exports, ending a week of protests from within the government and opposition.Although the commerce department was forced into a rethink after protests, it took a meeting with a Congress delegation from Gujarat led by Ahmed Patel, political secretary to party president and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, for the dilly-dallying to end.\"Keeping in view the facts, the interests of farmers, interest of industry, trade, a balanced view has been considered...to roll back the ban and a formal order will be made public tomorrow by the government,\" Sharma said in a statement emailed on Sunday afternoon after the meeting.Sharma's ministry had to reverse its stand in less than a week following intense behind-the-scene pressure from the Congress and public outbursts by agriculture minister Sharad Pawar and Gujarat CM Narendra Modi.It was Patel who had first flagged the farmers' concerns to the government soon after the directorate general of foreign trade (DGFT) issued the ban order last Monday.The commerce and textiles departments, which are under Sharma's charge, had defended the ban last week citing record export of the commodity. This came despite concerns that not just farmers, but even exporters who had tied up with foreign buyers would be hit by the order. The curb also led to a fall in domestic prices.But Pawar's public outburst against the move - which coincided with Congress's poll debacle in Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Goa - prompted the government to change its stance and a group of ministers led by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee met on Friday. While Sharma had said that the meeting remained inconclusive, commerce secretary Rahul Khullar disclosed that the government was considering lifting the ban.With Gujarat elections only a few months away, the government did not want to risk being branded \"anti-farmer\" especially after the poor poll performance in recent months, and seems to have impressed upon Sharma to change his stand.Shakti Singh Gohil, leader of opposition in the Gujarat assembly, claimed credit for the change in stance by the Centre. In a statement, he said Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh too were involved in getting the ban reversed. He also used Sunday's decision to project a pro-farmer image for the Congress party and attacked Modi's government for ignoring the sector. \"Gujarat chief minister who is prompt in writing letters to the central government provides electricity for eight hours only, and that too at night,\" he said in the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12225375", "title": "50% of development funds unused", "text": "MUMBAI: With less than three weeks left for the end of the financial year, the state government is yet to use over 50% of funds allotted for development works.Government statistics show that of the Rs 50,891 crore budgeted for plan expenditure in 2011-12, about Rs 26,134 crore has not been used. Plan expenditure refers to spending on development projects.The statistics take into account expenditure shown by various government departments till March 9 this year. Even as departments have increased the rate of spending this month, officials said that the overall expenditure will be below par.Worryingly enough, key departments like the urban development (UD) department, the housing department, revenue and forest (R&F;) department, the finance department and medical education (ME) department feature in the worst performers' list.The UD and housing departments, both led by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, have each spent barely 18% of the budgeted amount. The UD department has utilized only Rs 675 crore of the Rs 3,824 crore allotted, whereas the housing department has spent Rs 310 crore of Rs 1,750 crore. The law and judiciary department (LJD), another department the CM heads, is yet to spend a single penny out of the Rs 1.1 crore allocated for development.The state finance department, which is headed by deputy chief minister and finance minister Ajit Pawar, has itself utilized only about 10% of the Rs 10 crore it was allocated. Another key department, the R&F; dept, which is controlled by the Congress (Balasaheb Thorat heads the revenue portfolio while Patangrao Kadam heads the forest department) has used a mere 26% (Rs 185 crore out of the allotted Rs 699 crore). The medical education department (led by NCP's Vijaykumar Gavit) has utilized 19%, the food and civil supplies department (headed by NCP's Anil Deshmukh) has used 20%, and the environment department (led by Congress's Sanjay Deotale) has utilized 29% of the budgeted amount.Only 6% of the amount set aside for development works in the employment department, led by Congress's Narayan Rane , has been used. The legislative secretariat has also used only 3% of the budgeted amount.At 73%, the women and child development department, led by Congress's Varsha Gaikwad, is the best performing department on this parameter. Other departments that fared well include the public health department (68%, led by Congress's Suresh Shetty), the water resources department (68%, controlled by NCP ministers Sunil Tatkare and Ramraje Nimbalkar), the agriculture, dairy and animal husbandry department (67%, led by Congress's Madhukar Chavan) and the general administration department (63%, led by the chief minister).The government has so far spent 62% of non-plan expenditure, which refers to spending on interest payment, wages and salaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12227915", "title": "Ruckus at Syndicate meet", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan University turned into a battleground on Sunday as police clashed with a group of 50 protesting students after they locked the main gate of the V-C secretariat during the university's apex body Syndicate's meeting to pass the annual budget. No student was reported injured in the clash.Vice chancellor BL Sharma lost control and pushed Rajasthan University Students' Union (RUSU) general secretary Amit Sharma from behind the main gate. Reacting on the ruckus, the university has filed a complaint against the students for disrupting the affairs of RU at Gandhi Nagar police station.Students groups headed by RUSU president Prabha Chaudhary along with NSUI and ABVP activists gathered at the V-C secretariat to meet the VC and syndicate members to put forward their demands.Their demands include immediate inclusion of two students' representatives into Syndicate body and probe into various decisions while flouting norms and roll back of Rs 580 fees as decided by the academic council for disclosure of answersheets.\"The situation turned ugly when some students locked the main gate and attempted to disrupt the meeting by raising slogans outside the meeting hall. They broke the flowerpots and tried to smash the glass windows of the meeting hall to draw the attention of those sitting inside.The ruckus outside the hall forced the VC and his close aides to come towards the locked gate. They threatened students of disciplinary action against them. The situation went out of the control when the VC engaged in a heated argument with Sharma (general secretary of RUSU) and pushed him.\"I will quit within seven days if they do not concede to our demands. The VC is flouting RU norms by not including elected student representatives as Syndicate members,\" said and angry Chaudhary, who alleged that it is easy to meet the state than the VC.Furious by the move , students forcibly attempted to enter the secretariat. The police on the campus swung into action after students refused to pay heed to the warnings. \"We used force only after they started disrupting traffic on JLN Marg,\" said Lakhan Singh, SHO, Gandhi Nagar police station.Tension prevailed on the campus for almost an hour following the clash between the students and the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12227653", "title": "Banks unable to service the ailing elderly", "text": "Their trembling hands can no longer sign on bank cheques and wills. They are octogenarians and nonagenarians, some afflicted with arthritis in their wrist joints and others with Parkinson's disease. There are many, some barely past 60, who suffer from almost complete memory loss due to various kinds of dementia including Alzheimer's disease. They are completely dependent on others, but many of these elderly people cannot count on their banks.According to RBI guidelines, banks should send officials to the homes of elderly account holders and take their thumb impressions with a witness present. But banks often claim to be too short-staffed and ask the guardians of these senior citizens to secure a doctor's certificate that the account holder can no longer sign due to health issues. The doctor has to witness the thumb impression being affixed by the account holder before signing the certificate.The guardian has to attach this medical certificate and submit it to the bank, says S V Raman, 94, who last year authorised his daughter in the presence of bank officials to operate his account at SBI's Tiruvanmiyur branch. The document also allows an account holder to nominate a family member as joint account holder. R J Sridharan, chairman of the All India Bank Officers' Association (AIBOA), says various bank services have been affected by a shortage of staff. This includes the dispatching of officials to the houses of elderly account holders. In defence of banks, he points out that the staff crunch is so severe that officials are bogged down with clerical work as there are not enough clerks.However, a senior physician in the city says bank officials \"are plain lazy\" when it comes to elderly account holders and give standard procedure a pass. \"I get requests to visit homes, certify the condition of elderly people, specify the nature of the ailment that has made them incapable of signing cheques or other documents and also be a witness to recording of thumb impressions,\" he says.A senior manager of State Bank of India admits that banks are inclined to ignore procedure when it comes to elderly account holders not merely because of staff shortage but also because of transportation costs when the account holders live far from the nearest branch of the bank.An Ernst and Young survey indicates that such deficiencies in service to the elderly may be part of a larger trend, with many banks being blase about customer satisfaction. In the study, 83% of respondents cited disappointment with a specific service as the reason for being dissatisfied with banks. However, activists who work to protect the rights of the aged say the RBI rules address the fact that elderly account holders require special assistance.Geriatrician V S Natarajan, a Padma Shree awardee and patron of the Senior Citizens Bureau in Chennai, says banks are either unaware or simply do not care that some elderly account holders may be unable to operate their accounts and sign cheques due to a variety of reasons.\"Many people over 70 are prone to dementia which affects the brain. Then there is Parkinson's disease, a disorder of the central nervous system that causes shaking of the hands. Some elders who have suffered a stroke or have arthritis also cannot sign on cheques,\" he says.The chairman of the Senior Citizens Bureau, Capt (retd) M Singaraja, says around 25 doctors make house calls for elders to help them operate their bank accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227836", "title": "RSS slams BJP for UP debacle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Holding that BJP is suffering from a \"Congress patch\" in UP, the RSS has said it will be difficult for the saffron party, which has a \"bigger army of leaders than workers\" in the state, to come to power in 2014 Lok Sabha elections unless it answers the questions posed by the assembly poll results.In editorials in its mouthpieces Organiser and Panchjanya, the Sangh asked BJP why it could not be the choice for voters despite having an organized structure and cadre in the state.\"In Uttar Pradesh, BJP will have to think about the bigger army of leaders than workers,\" it said, referring to the party's poor performance in the recent assembly elections where it could manage only 47 seats -- four less than it secured in 2007 -- in the 403-member UP assembly.Asking BJP to look into the election results, the RSS said, \"Election results in UP have posed several questions and their solutions have to be found well in time otherwise 2014 general elections can become 'agneepath' (path of fire) for it and crossing it to reach the centre of power can prove to be difficult.\"RSS alleged that BJP is suffering from \"Congress patch\" in the state and is disconnected from people. \"In UP, BJP too suffers from a Congress patch - disconnect with its voters. So, it has lost half of its vote share in the last one decade,\" the hard hitting editorial said.\"Core ideological issues, principled approach and credibility of leadership are needed to sway the voter. More than the party, the leader and more than the leader, his track record (performance) determines poll outcome these days,\" the Organiser editorial said.The Sangh said with the kind of casteist and communal politics dominating Uttar Pradesh, BJP's weakening there will strengthen fundamentalist forces as has been proven by the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12225589", "title": "Tadoba now on National Geographic documentary", "text": "NAGPUR: The long awaited documentary series - 'Secrets of wild India - Kaziranga, Tadoba, and Desert Lions' by Ikon Films for the National Geographic Channel will finally be aired from Monday.The series is directed by Duncan Chard with director of photography Saravanakumar Salem. David Attenborough is the narrator of the series. On March 12, film on Kaziranga will be shown, followed by Tadoba on March 13 and Desert Lions on March 14.The second documentary of this series - Tiger Jungles - which is a 60-minute classic film on the Tadoba landscape will be aired at 8pm on March 13. This episode will be repeated on March 14 at 10am.Harshawardhan and Poonam Dhanwatey of Tiger Research and Conservation Trust (TRACT) informed that additional photography has been done by Kalyan Varma. Special credits and thanks have been given to state forest department, TATR field director VK Sinha, ACF Ajay Pillariseth, guides Santosh Kumar and Nilakanth Magare, forest guard Nanaware Samba and Shalik Jogwe.Executive producers for the series are Harry Marshall and Laura Marshall with Ashley Hoppin is executive producer for the National Geographic Channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12226556", "title": "Waste disposal issues will be solved soon: CM", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy said on Sunday that a solution to the issue of waste disposal at the Kottayam Medical College would be found soon. A meeting of all departments concerned would be convened, he said.He was inaugurating the golden jubilee celebrations of the government medical college here.Chandy said that he had received several complaints regarding the failure of the authorities in ensuring proper sewage disposal.\"The government cannot adopt a lackadaisical approach on the issue that has caused great inconvenience to the public,\" he said.\"The government has submitted a proposal to include Kottayam MCH in the Pradhan Manthri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana. If the proposal is approved, the hospital will be the third in the state after the Thiruvananthapuram MCH and Kozhikode MCH to receive the benefits of the scheme,'' he said.Revenue minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12226055", "title": "Forest top brass spat hits green drive", "text": "KOLKATA: The chief minister's ambition to turn Bengal \"greener\" has gone for a toss with two top-notch bosses jostling for authority at the state forest department. The tug of war at the helm has paralysed the ground-level work to such an extent that the department is not even hopeful of achieving 40% of its afforestation target this year.Hit by a decision-making deadlock, a majority of 500-odd nurseries across the state has not yet started working on seedlings. According to officials, the chance of survival of the saplings is slim unless they are four-month old. However, there are only three months to go before the annual afforestation programme in the state. Around 7 crore saplings are needed for a year's afforestation programme, so the department is bound to fall short this year as work is yet to start on saplings and the stock is not encouraging either. In Kolkata alone, around 1 crore saplings are planted every year.Senior forest department officials held the chaos and confusion in the state forest directorate responsible for this state of affairs. Since last year, there has been uncertainty over the command of the directorate. While Atanu Raha was made the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (PCCF) and head of the forest force (HoFF), his authority was challenged by the seniormost PCCF M A Sultan in Calcutta high court, which ruled in the latter's favour.Last month, Sultan was appointed the PCCF and the HoFF and Raha was relegated to the post of additional PCCF. However, within days the state government again elevated Raha to the PCCF post and transferred all power to him. Now, Sultan is the statutory head of the directorate without any power and Raha is all powerful without any statutory authority.Sources in the forest department said there was complete lack of direction even before the fund for seedlings was up for distribution in October last year. Most divisional forest officers (DFOs), who directly supervise nurseries and timber harvesting, played safe. So, work at the grass-root level came to a complete standstill.Afforestation is directly linked to harvesting of timber. This year, the Centre has approved harvesting of 10,000 hectares, which means there will be afforestation on 10,000 hectre. Timber harvesting is an important economic activity for people living in and around the forests who work in forest protection committees.The situation was equally distressful last year, when the directorate could not achieve even 30% of timber harvesting because of delayed fund allocation. ABut the problem is that in course of time, there will be a lot of tree felling without compensatory plantation.An official in the finance wing of the department admitted that afforestation might be affected unless corrective measures are taken. However, officers said not much could be done now as there's hardly any time left for working on saplings.Worse, this time, the government is changing the whole system of financial power in the directorate. From April, the government will issue letters of credit. So getting the fund in the first and second week of the month will be remote and the entire work will get stuck for paucity of funds. If the work gets stuck and saplings die, the DFOs will be held responsible. So they prefer inaction in this regard, said another officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12226138", "title": "Activist fighting sand mafia run over in Tamil Nadu", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Yet another person became a victim of the sand mafia in Tamil Nadu when a truck laden with illegally mined sand ran over a man who had organized a protest against the miners in Mittatharkulam, a village in Tirunelveli district, on Sunday.Sathish Kumar, 21, was trying to stall a group of people from transporting sand from Nambiyar river that ran along his village when the truck mowed him down. Villagers alleged that the truck belonged to an AIADMK functionary and the driver was his brother.Mittatharkulam in southern Tamil Nadu has been fighting the sand mafia for lifting sand from the bed of Nambiyar river, the only source of drinking water for more than 15 villages, for over a decade. Political parties holding office in the state have been aiding the mafia. The mafia had attacked a tahsildar in the same region a few years ago after he tried to stop mining on the Nambiyar river bed.On Sunday morning, Sathish, son of Esther Vincent Kumar from Mittatharkulam, found the sand mafia at work and alerted the villagers. Around 20 of them rushed to the spot and tried to stop the truck. Villagers said Sathish and friends stood at one end of the road while the rest of the villagers blocked the other end. Driver, Kingston, a native of Ittamozhi village, trying to flee in the truck ran over Sathish. Sathish, who sustained serious head injuries, died on the spot. Villagers staged a demonstration and dispersed only after state officials arrived at the spot and promised action against the culprits.Villagers said the sand lobby always had its way irrespective of the party in power. When the DMK was in office, AIADMK functionaries would be in the forefront of the agitation against sand mining and the roles would change when AIADMK formed the government. Sand mined from Nambiyar was being illegally ferried to Kerala. Truckers have brought coconut waste from Kerala to construct a dirt track on the river bed for their trucks, villagers said.\"Kottaikarungulam, Vaduganpatti, Mithatharkulam, Anaikarai, Nambikurichi, Mudavankulam, Kasthurirangapuram, Perunkulam and other surrounding villages depend on Nambiyar for drinking water and irrigation needs because the ground water is unfit for drinking. We have been fighting the sand lobby for more than 10 years. Successive governments have put false cases on us including women ,\" a villager from Mittatharkulam said. \"In this case, the truck belonged to the local AIADMK functionary,\" another villager said. \"Officials pay no attention to our pleas. They take sides with party functionaries and hoist false cases on us,\" he claimed.A local CPI functionary, V Malayandi, who visited the village said local politicians were unmindful of people's opposition to the illegal sand mining. \"Villagers told us that the prime accused Densingh Gomas is an AIADMK functionary and Kingston, the truck driver, was his brother. They say that Densingh was in the truck when Kingston mowed down Sathish. After the incident, officials who came to the spot tried to spin the story that the boy was killed in a clash which irked the villagers, who protested,\" Malayandi said. Senior CPI leader, R Nallakannu, is visiting the village on Monday and the party has organized a demonstration in Valliyoor, near Tirunelveli in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12226966", "title": "Bank opens rural branch to service 80 surrounding villages", "text": "MANGALORE: As part of its financial outreach and literacy programme, and in tune with national priority, city-based private sector Karnataka Bank Limited opened a financial inclusion (FI) branch at Kairangala village in Bantwal taluk recently. Ananthakrishna, chairman of the bank inaugurated the branch.Through this branch, bank will provide all services to its rural clientele.Managing director P Jayarama Bhat said under its financial inclusion plan, the bank had drawn a roadmap to provide services in 80 unbanked villages with 2,000 and above population across India. Of the 80 villages, in 10 villages, bank has already provided services through brick and mortar branches and in the remaining 70 villages, the bank is providing services through business correspondent model.The bank also opened its first financial literacy and credit counselling centre at BC Road, in Bantwal taluk to cater to needs of financial literacy and credit counselling for general public. Ananthakrishna on this occasion launched the mobile van model of the financial inclusion resource centre of the bank. The van will function as financial inclusion resource centre on wheels and will travel across the service area villages of the bank in Dakshina Kannada district and spread financial awareness and literacy among the people.Senior executives of the bank including Anandram Upadhya C, assistant general manager and others were present on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12232886", "title": "No film with Jeev: Madhavan", "text": "Actor RMadhavan refutes rumours of a film about golf with Jeev Milkha SinghJust days after actor R Madhavan tweeted that he was taking a well-deserved break from films for about six months, rumour mills were abuzz with reports about the project that will bring him back from his self-imposed sabbatical. According to reports, Madhavan is keen to collaborate with golfer Jeev Milkha Singh for a film on the sport. One report even suggested that the actor had met Jeev during a trip to Dubai , during which they discussed the film and a possible cast, including Bipasha Basu .Finer details of the proposed film were to be worked out after six months, with the actor currently nursing a nagging knee injury. But the reports couldn't be further from the truth, says Madhavan, who took to his micro-blogging page to refute the reports. \"I am stunned they have even quoted me. Jeev and I are friends and I adore him and his father.We are not doing any film for sure, he tweeted, and then added, \"What a funny rumour. I am definitely not doing Any film on Golf with Jeev Milkha Singh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12227024", "title": "Chill from the north cools west, south India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Post Holi, northwest India would have been expecting temperatures to rise. Not only was this part of the country surprised by the cool weather, several parts of west and south India including coastal regions were also stumped at the unseasonal chill. Interestingly, the north has been singularly responsible for the weather down south.Met officials explained that the eastward movement of a western disturbance (WD) had led to a change in wind direction over northwest and central India. These cold and dry northerly winds, particularly strong this time, were also experienced over large parts of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and even as far as Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu. \"This is not unheard of but is an uncommon phenomenon. In fact, this is the second time this year that a WD placed over J&K; has caused cold weather over west and south India,\" said BP Yadav, director, IMD.Shortly before Holi, northwest India witnessed a sharp rise in temperatures. The maximum crossed 30 degrees and the minimum was 5-7 degrees above normal. This was during the presence of WD over the western Himalayas. Met officials say that during the impact of a WD, wind direction changes to south/southeasterly. These winds are warm and moist and if the WD does not bring rain, temperatures tend to shoot up. The relief came shortly before Holi, when the WD started moving away. Its eastward movement brought another change in wind direction. Cold winds from the north started blowing over the area, bringing a sharp fall in temperatures.Most states saw temperatures starting to fall around March 7. Cities across the country including Mumbai, Patna, Bhopal, Ahmedabad and Lucknow saw temperatures fall to 2-5 degrees below normal in the next two days.On March 7, minimum temperatures fell by 6-7 degrees over Punjab and Haryana and 2-5 degrees over Himachal Pradesh, west UP, Rajasthan, Gujarat, coastal and interior Karnataka, north Assam, Meghalaya, TN, Telengana and Chhatisgarh.However, with another WD set to affect western Himalayas for the next three days, the mercury is expected to rise by 3-4 degrees over northwest and central India. Respite from the chill will also be experienced in most of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12225776", "title": "Akhilesh's swearing-in set to be a grand affair", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister-designate Akhilesh Yadav's swearing-in is set to be a grand event with many prominent leaders cutting across party lines likely to attend it on March 15.Invitations are being sent to various leaders, including chief ministers, sources in SP said. The list of invitees is being finalised by the top leaders of the party.Invitations are likely to be sent to Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar, Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik, Left leaders Prakash Karat and Brinda Karat, former prime minister HD Deve Gowda and TDP leader Chandra Babu Naidu among others. SP supremo Mulayam Singh and Akhilesh Yadav are in Delhi for the Budget session of Parliament where they would extend personal invitations to leaders.Meanwhile, a team from the Lucknow district administration inspected the La Martiniere Boys College grounds on Sunday as a run up for the swearing-in ceremony. Later, addressing reporters, district magistrate Anil Sagar said more than 10,000 persons are expected to attend the ceremony. He also issued instructions for proper parking and seating arrangements.Instructions for fogging at the venue were also given. This is the first occasion when a CM will take oath at the La Martiniere College grounds. Earlier, Mulayam Singh has had taken oath at KD Singh Babu stadium.Shivpal, Azam may take oath on Mar 15LUCKNOW: Shivpal Singh Yadav and Mohammad Azam Khan are among those likely to take oath along with Akhilesh Yadav on March 15. Senior leaders on Sunday met at Mulayam's residence to decide members of Akhilesh's cabinet party sources said. Shivpal Singh Yadav, Mohammad Azam Khan, SP leaders in legislative council Ahmad Hasan, Waqar Ahmad Shah and Arvind Singh Gope are among the probables whose names have almost been finalised for a ministerial berth.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "12227426", "title": "Roerich's art work is safe: Curator", "text": "MANALI: Facing charges of mismanagement in International Roerich Memorial Trust (IRMT), its executive director and curator Alena Adamkova has challenged the government and trustees to prove deceit.Alena said, \"Some trustees are determined to show me the way out with all possible ways. The 1996 catalogue too has 48 paintings as they were in 2002 when I joined the trust. Actually, we have 49 paintings, including an unfinished painting by Svetoslav Roerich. I challenge all to prove that they are fake or any art work is missing from the gallery. We have all legal documents that can prove authenticity of my words.\"The Himachal government had recently announced its plan to take firm steps to save the legacy of Roerich after allegations that some of his, and his son Svetoslav Roerich's, paintings are missing from the museum and might have been replaced by duplicate copies.\"Every article in the museum is original, safe and in condition that used to be in 1962,\" said head guide of the art gallery and museum, Swarn Lata, who has been working here since 1992 after her in-laws served the Roerich family for 30 years. \"We were like family members for Svetoslav Roerich and I can take responsibility for safety and genuineness of the art works.\"In 2011, two paintings of Nicholas Roerich were reported stolen from Indian Agriculture Research Institute, Delhi, and said to be auctioned in London for $2 million. In a similar case, two art works valued at $30,000, were reportedly stolen from Nicholas Roerich Museum in New York . Now, allegations of missing art work at Naggar museum have begun a cold war between government, IRMT trustees and the management.National Museum, Delhi, had last counted and marked the paintings at Naggar in 2002 but no reliable agency visited the place to check it. Before this, members of the trust had prepared a catalogue in 1996. In addition to paintings, chairs, bed sheets, curtains and other stuff of Roerich had been preserved, which was not taken care of by any agency and local management was fully responsible for its safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12234043", "title": "Spectrum allocation: Supreme Court issues notice to Centre, telcos", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court issued notices to the Centre and seven telecom firms including Bharti Airtel and Vodafone on a plea for cancellation of 2G spectrum beyond 2x4.5 MHz for metros and 2x4.4 MHz for other circles, allocated to the firms without additional fees.A bench of justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhyay granted them four weeks times to file their replies on the petition, which pleaded that its separate plea to cancel additional spectrum allocated to these firms, pending with the Delhi High Court since 2008, be shifted to the apex court.The other telecom companies which have been issued notices are Reliance Telecom Ltd, Idea Cellular Ltd , Loop Mobile (India) Limited, Spice Communications Pvt Ltd and Aircel Cellular Ltd.The petitioner, Telecom Watchdog, a non-governmental organisation ( NGO) pleaded that its case be heard by the apex court as a similar matter is pending here.In a similar matter, the Supreme Court on January 30, had sought the replies of the Centre and telecom firms on a plea challenging the allocation of 2G spectrum beyond the entry level of 4.4 MHz and 6.2 MHz without charging additional fees from them.It had also issued a notice to the Ministry of Finance, Department of Telecom ( DoT), Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( Trai) and various telecom firms including Airtel, Vodafone, Idea, Loop and Tata on a plea for reclaiming all the spectrum quantity allocated beyond the contracted quantum of 6.2 MHz from the telecom firms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12225851", "title": "Maintain law &amp; order, create jobs: Youths to Akhilesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: In July last year, Pravin (a college student) was terminated for garlanding Chandrashekar Azad's statue in Lucknow University. Unable to understand the university's move, he was helpless. After making rounds of the university, which charged him with sloganeering and creating nuisance on the campus, Pravin was a hopeless youth.In the absence of student union, knocking at the doors of high court for justice was the only way. Six months later, the university was proved wrong, and he was re-admitted in the college. \"Had the student union been there, things would not have taken such a shape. The anti-student attitude of the university is affecting us,'' he said.And with Samajwadi Party (SP), especially youth scion Akhilesh sitting at the helm, Pravin is now hopeful of some change. \"I expect the new government to ensure that such bindings don't restrict youths' movement, speech and actions. The revival of student union is the need of the hour,'' said Pravin, final-year arts student.Most youngsters like him are optimistic about student union's revival with SP forming the government in the state. \"The party's manifesto focused on the youths. His assurance of providing job opportunities to thousands of unemployed basic education teachers and other degree holders should be fulfilled,'' said Nashat Hayatullah, BA final-year student.'Goonda-raj' is yet another area which the youths feel Akhilesh must tackle strongly. \"I want law and order in place. There should be no fear in girls and women when they step out of their homes,'' said Hina Ballani, an undergraduate student. Hina's opinions were seconded by Siddharth Yadav, a law student.\"A civilised student union and a strong law and order framework are what we are looking forward to,'' said Siddharth. Another law student Vaibhav Dixit said, \"Promises made by SP like unemployment allowance and uninterrupted supply of power should be fulfilled. The state is a laggard when it comes to industrial development. I hope that our new CM will be able to deal with all these.''Youths have high expectations not only from Akhilesh, but also want educated party leaders like Abhishek Mishra, ex-IIM professor, to lead from the front. \"He (Abhishek) is a qualified and well articulated man. Such people should work neck-to-neck with Akhilesh to bring in change, like generating employment for us,'' said Hema Khatri. Swati Singh, pursuing BCom (Hons) from a city college, said, \"After schooling, students prefer moving out of Lucknow. Even those living in other cities move to Delhi, Bangalore or Mumbai. Lack of proper institutions and trained staff forces students to leave the state. I expect the new government will set up good academic institutions in the state.''The young ones also want reduction in crime rate, corruption, seek better transport system and good medical care. \"City roads need to be taken care of. Continuous digging has worsened the situation. In rainy season, waterlogging is a main problem. We need honest and trained engineers to work,'' said Akansha Tiwari, who is specialising in law. Deepshika Sharma, an undergraduate student, expects Akhilesh and his team to give an impetus to academic and educational scenario in the state.\"They have five years with them. If team Akhilesh works in a proper and planned way, it will overcome hurdles and fulfil our expectations,'' said Deepshika.It's a baggage full of hopes and aspirations from the new government. The larger question is will Akhilesh be able to convert his words into actions or will Uttar Pradesh see just another government pass by after five years?Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12227731", "title": "Staid lifestyle can damage liver", "text": "BANGALORE: Drinking alone doesn't cause liver damage. Long working hours and sedentary lifestyle are harmful too.Apart from Hepatitis B or C, Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver disease caused by static lifestyle is becoming common in cities, liver surgeon AS Soin said here on Sunday. He is credited with having preformed India's first successful cadaveric liver transplant in November 1998.Soin will be visiting Bangalore once a month to treat patients and conduct liver transplant surgeries at Columbia Asia Hospital. The hospital has tied up with the surgeon to use his expertise at the liver transplant facility which was launched on Sunday.\"This city is home to techies who lead a sedentary lifestyle. The need for liver transplants is high in Karnataka (1,000 in 4-crore population ) and there have been only 10 to 12 successful ones in the last year.The doctor said people suffering from diabetes , hypertension, hypothyroid and obesity are susceptible to Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver disease . '' Worse, most victims are unaware of it till almost 50% of the liver is damaged,'' he told TOI.An expensive procedure, liver transplants are equally elaborate and technical. '' The biggest challenge is trained manpower, equipment and infrastructure requirements at any standard healthcare centre,'' said Soin, who is chairman of Medanta Institute of Liver Transplantation and Regenerative Medicine, New Delhi.'' Unfortunately, the symptoms start getting manifested only after 50% of the liver is damaged,'' said Dr Sunil Rao, general manager of Columbia Asia Referral Hospital, Yeshwantpur.Alarming Numbers4% in the country are affected with Hepatitis B 2% suffer from Hepatitis C 4-6 % male adults in India have alcoholic liver disease 10-12 % are diagnosed with Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease 10-15 % eventually develop liver failurePreventive MeasuresHepatitis B: VaccinationHepatitis C: Ensure proper blood transfusion, avoid sexual contact with those affected with the disease.Non-Fatty Acid Liver disease: No junk food, regular exercise, less or no alcohol consumption, lifestyle changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-12"}
