{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12616586", "title": "Hingoli district health officer in Anti-Corruption Bureau net", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Hingoli district health officer Tukaram Aulwar and his driver were nabbed by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Tuesday for accepting Rs 25,000 as bribe from a medical officer for releasing his salary for the month of March and also some arrears.Deputy superintendent of police (ACB) B D Kakade told TOI on Tuesday that Aulwar had demanded bribe for releasing the March salary of complainant Avinash Pannamwar and for paying arrears following implementation of the 6th Pay Commission recommendations.Kakade said that when Pannamwar offered money, Aulwar asked him to hand it over to his driver. \"The ACB also searched the residence of Aulwar in Aurangbad. We would produce him before the court on Wednesday to seek his remand,\" Kakade added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12618208", "title": "Citizens demand say in Indore's development", "text": "INDORE: A group of Indoreans have demanded a discussion on finances allocated for civic works and open discussion on a blue print on development of the city.In a letter to the Mayor Krishna Murari Moghe, a day prior to the presentation of the Indore Municipal Corporation's (IMC) annual budget on Wednesday some prominent citizens stressed on the need for people's participation into drafting of civic projects.In the letter written by prominent citizens that include former Member of Parliament Kalyan Jain, former vice-chancellor Bharat Sabarwal, Saroj Kumar Kavi, Noor Md Qureshi and Kishore Kodwani of Vikas Drishti Mitra 2020, they expressed their anguish over poor civic amenities and haphazard development of the city. The initiative stems from the popular belief that the civic body has miserably failed in delivering goods.Kishore Kodwani of Vikas Dhristi Mitra 2020, an NGO, alleged that civic body has failed to manage expenses judiciously and this has adversely affected development of the city. There is nothing wrong if the people of the city, who are the major stakeholders, are given a say in the development plans of the city.\"As per Union Government's standard the per person expenditure to be borne by a civic body on water management should be Rs 501 against which the IMC has been spending almost double- Rs 947. Similarly, expenditure on solid waste management has been pegged at Rs 155, while Rs 331 is being spent. On street lights, the prescribed amount is Rs 8, while the IMC has been spending Rs 102,\" claimed Kodwani adding that per person expenditure as prescribed by the Union Government is Rs 1434, while the IMC has been spending Rs 1533.He lamented that despite such huge expenditure there's hardly anything in the name of civic amenities in the city.Interestingly, the IMC's expenditure on road maintenance, sewerage, rain water and traffic management is far less than the prescribed amount. \"This reflects poor mismanagement on expenditure, lack of planning and vision among the civic authorities,\" he added.Kodwani stated that after messing up its expenses, the civic body has miserably failed in recovering its due share by way of revenue. In 2011-12 Indore has generated approximately Rs 10,251 cr revenue, out of which only Rs 290 cr was given to the IMC. While from taxes Indore could shore up revenue of Rs 621.59 crore but only Rs 191.59 crore was given to the IMC. From registry, Indore earned Rs 750 crore while only Rs 17.06 crore has come to IMC's kitty.\"Earning from entry tax and a sizeable share from RTO's earnings and traffic challan should be given to the IMC, because it has to spend on construction and maintenance of roads and traffic management,\" said Kodwani adding that civic body has not done anything to get its share. When such a huge amount of revenue is generated from Indore, then civic body should get its share for the development of the city.\"We are considerably contributing to Centre and state governments, but what is the city getting nothing in return?\" quipped Kodwani. He stressed upon the need for taking the citizens into confidence for development projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi/hyderabad", "code": "12617203", "title": "Sonia wants Rahul to play key role in Andhra Pradesh affairs", "text": "NEW DELHI/HYDERABAD: Finally, AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi is waking up to the developments in Andhra Pradesh . Concerned over the manner in which the popularity of the Congress has been plummeting in the state since the death of Y S Rajasekhara Reddy and the revival of the Telangana agitation, Congress president Sonia Gandhi has turned to her son Rahul to informally take charge of the party's affairs in AP and ensure that things look up by the time the elections take place in 2014.AICC sources told TOI that towards that end, Rahul has initiated the process of getting himself briefed about the state of affairs in AP. \"Last week, Rahul met former PCC chief D Srinivas and on Tuesday, newly-elected Rajya Sabha MP R Ananda Bhaskar was summoned by the young Gandhi's office for an exclusive meeting with the AICC general secretary. Rahul is slated to meet a few more young leaders from the state before deciding what steps to take to revive the Congress fortunes in AP,\" the sources said. There are also indications that Rahul might visit Hyderabad in the next few days.According to the sources, it was the Congress chief who first began worrying about the way events were unfolding in AP over the last few months. \"The emergence of the Jaganmohan Reddy factor, the Telangana issue, the poor performance of the Congress in the bypolls and the infighting in the state Congress and the state government made Sonia realize that drastic steps needed to be taken,\" said the sources.It was in this backdrop that Sonia first met D Srinivas and Ananda Bhaskar last week, this at a time when she refused appointments for senior leaders from the state including chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana, deputy chief minister C Damodar Raja Narasimha and several others who have been camping in the national capital for an audience with madam.The sources said the two leaders briefed Sonia about the latest situation in the state. \"D Srinivas briefed her about the situation in Telangana and the infighting among the top leaders and the Congress prospects in the bypolls to 18 assembly seats. Ananda Bhaskar briefed her about the overall situation in the state,\" they said.Bhaskar has been submitting reports to the Congress high command from Gandhi Bhavan on behalf of the state Congress for the past six years and 'madam apparently has a lot of faith in his understanding and analysis,' the sources said.It was after these meetings that Sonia had with the two state leaders that Rahul was brought into the picture. In his 15-minute meeting which Ananda Bhaskar had with the Amethi MP on Tuesday, the two reportedly discussed matters such as party organization, party programmes, government functioning and the steps to be taken to strengthen the party ahead of the 2014 elections.Ananda Bhaskar, who is yet to take oath as Rajya Sabha MP, however, declined to reveal the details of the meeting with Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday. \"The AICC general secretary was keen to know about the implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) in the state,\" is all he told TOI.Incidentally, Rahul has been till now inaccessible to state leaders. But things seem to be changing now. Newly-elected Rajya Sabha MP Palvai Govardhan Reddy is currently camping in Delhi and waiting for an audience with Sonia and Rahul. All this is likely to culminate in a visit to Hyderabad by the AICC general secretary very soon, the sources claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12616191", "title": "Defaulters delay Prudential Bank liquidation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as shareholders and depositors of Prudential Cooperative Urban Bank have been making efforts to revive the over 90-year-old bank, the liquidation process has been dragging on for years together ostensibly to benefit influential defaulters.Big defaulters and some former directors have been working hard to drag the liquidation process to derail its chances of revival. The real reason is many big defaulters paid meagre amounts of their outstanding under one time settlement (OTS) scheme and got away, while some defaulters are yet to clear their dues.Official sources said the liquidation process of the bank started in December 2004 after it collapsed financially. When the bank operations were stalled, there were dues of about Rs 320 crore from 5,600 defaulters.Of the total dues, the bank could recover Rs 270 crore mostly under OTS in the past eight years. But, still it has to recover about Rs 50 crore dues from 1,500 defaulters.After the bank collapsed, 70,000 people, who deposited up to Rs two lakh were paid Rs 280 crore.The Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Cooperation had given Rs 75 crore to the depositors below Rs one lakh, which has to be repaid by the bank. The bank had already paid Rs 49 crore to DICGC from its recoveries and another Rs 26 crore should be paid to the DICGC. Bank owes about Rs 28 crore to about 200 big depositors and institutions.Officials said there was a dispute over payment of amount to depositors.While the bank has cash of about Rs 22 crore, which was deposited in various banks, depositors are demanding their money to be paid from the available cash, but the officials say as per the rules the amount should be cleared to the DICGC. The matter is before the Supreme Court.Meanwhile, the shareholders and depositors have been demanding the state government to revive the bank at least as a society to protect their interest. A proposal has been sent to the cooperative department last year.\"The bank has assets worth Rs 40 crore and another Rs 22 crore liquid cash. If the government gives permission, Prudential Bank can run as a society where it can give gold loans and even operate lockers,\" Prudential Cooperative Urban Bank Shareholders' and Depositors' Welfare Association's Pattem Suryaprakash Rao said.Officials said Reserve Bank of India's clearance was required for revival of the bank as a society or again to start banking operations. However before that, the liquidation process has to be completed by clearing all outstanding dues.\"The proposal of allowing the bank to operate as a society is being examined by the state government. But before giving permission, the amount to DICGC should be cleared,\" Prudential Bank liquidator and deputy registrar of the department of cooperation B Nanda Kishore told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12616845", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation sets tax collection target at Rs 32.28 crore", "text": "PATNA: In a bid to boost collection of taxes, the Patna Municipal Corporation is likely to outsource its tax collection work and also introduce online payment facility. The corporation, incidentally, derives a major part of its revenues from the holding tax.PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal told TOI on Tuesday, \"We are planning to outsource tax collection work to speed up the process. It will definitely benefit the citizens. We have planned to start online payment of the holding tax and to open more 'Citizen's help desks' to ease the payment process.\" However, he didn't give any timeline for introducing the two steps, implying that the long queues at bank counters and 'Citizen's help desks' may continue for the time being.Pal added, \"The corporation's revenue collection is increasing consistently every year. This has been possible due to proper planning and holding of tax camps in different wards.\" He added the PMC has tied up with some banks to help citizens pay their taxes with ease. Besides, 'Citizen's help desks' have been set up at the PMC offices for this purpose.According to officials, the PMC had set a tax collection target of Rs 31.12 crore during the just-concluded 2011-12 fiscal year, while collections were to the tune of Rs 27.32 crore. The target for the current financial year has been fixed at Rs 32.28 crore and PMC officials are hopeful of achieving the target.PMC has also issued notices to several hotels and markets for non-payment of holding tax. \"Every year, around 20,000 defaulters are issued notices and most of the defaulters pay up within one year,\" said Pal.He said that under the punitive measures, if defaulters don't pay the holding tax then their water connection and other facilities given by the corporation are cut off. The corporation can even move for property attachment.Meanwhile, the corporation will release Rs 4 crore on Wednesday for clearing the pending retirement benefits of 177 retired PMC employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12617358", "title": "Man poisoned on wedding night", "text": "MALDA: A groom is fighting for his life after being beaten up and forced to drink poison by goons on the night of his wedding. He accuses the father of the girl he had loved -and ditched - of carrying out the attack.Hefjur Rahman of Kheria, a village in Ratua, had a long affair with a neighbour and the two families apparently had no problem with the match. While Hefjur's father, Abdul Hai, wanted the marriage to take place immediately, the girl's father, Taleb, wanted to buy some time. Hai was in hurry and tried to persuade his son to marry elsewhere.Meanwhile, the wedding of Hefjur's elder brother, Mostakin, was fixed with a girl of a neighbouring village. On the insistence of his family, Hefjur agreed to leave for his lover. A bride was chosen for Hefjur from the same village as his brother's and the brothers were married on April 8.Hefjur and his brother came home with their brides on Monday and the reception was to take place in the grooms' house on Tuesday.But on Monday night, when Hefjur went out of his room, he was attacked by a band of goons who had apparently been waiting for him. Md Sakir Hossain, a relative of Hefjur, said: \"As per custom, the brides slept in one room while we were with the grooms in another room. Hefjur went out at night. When he did not return for a long time, we became suspicious and called him. We found his mobile switched off. We ran out of the house and started to look for him. We found him lying senseless, his hands and legs tied with a rope.\"Hefjur was rescued and taken to the Malatipur health centre, where it was found that Hefjur had consumed poison. The doctors referred him to Malda Medical College.Lying in his hospital bed Hefjur said: \"I went out to the toilet around 11.30pm. Suddenly, some goons grabbed me, roughed me up, tied my hands and forced me to drink pesticide. I could recognize Taleb Ali in the group. I don't remember anything after that.\"A complaint has been lodged with police but there are no arrests yet. Taleb and the other suspects are said to have fled the villageMalda: A youth was forced to consume poison, allegedly by his neighbour, after he failed to fulfil his promise of marrying the latter's daughter.The incident took place on Monday night in Kheria under Ratua police station. Hefijur Rahman had an affair with Momena Khatun from the same village. When Hefijur's father Abdul Hai asked Momena's father Taleb Ali to make arrangements for the marriage, Ali wanted some time.But Hai, who was in a hurry, Meanwhile, Hefjur's elder brother Mostakin's wedding was fixed with a girl from the neighbouring village of Bablabona. On the insistence of relatives, another bride was chosen for Hefjur from the same village. Accordingly both the brothers were married on 8th of this month. Hefjur came home yesterday with his new bride Nurseha along with his brother. The reception on the part of the groom's house was to take place today.But last night when Hefjur went out of the room he was attacked by some miscreants. Md Sakir Hossain, a relative of Hefjur said, \"As per custom on the night of marriage the brides were asleep in a room while we were with the grooms in another room. At night when Hefjur went out and was not returning for long time we became suspicious. We found his mobile was switched off. We came out of the house and began the search. Finally we found him lying senseless, his hands and legs tied with rope.\" He was rescued and taken to local Malatipur health centre. There it was found that Hefjur was consumed poison. Doctors referred him to Malda Medical College and Hospital.Lying on the hospital bed Hefjur said, \"It was around 11.30 pm when I went out for toilet suddenly few miscreants grabbed me from the back, it was evident that they were hiding around. I could recognize Taleb Ali and some of them. They pulled me down, roughed me up, tied my hands and forced me to consume pesticide. I could not recall anything after that.\"A complaint was lodged in the Pukhuria Police out post last night, but none was arrested so far. It is learnt that Taleb and others have fled from the village.Youth was supposed to marry a neighbour girl. But he obliged his parents when they decided his wedding with another. Fumed the guardians of the former tried to kill the groom on the night of his wedding. The groom is still fighting for his life. The sensational incident took place at village Kheria under Ratua police station.Hefjur Rahman of Kheria had an affair with Momena Khatun of that girl. Two families did not have any objection either. When father of Hefjur Abdul Hai wanted their marriage to take place immediately, Momena's father Taleb wanted to buy some time. But Hai was in hurry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12617662", "title": "Three-yr-old drowns in septic tank, councillor faces ire", "text": "AMRAVATI: A three-year-old child drowned in the tank of a public toilet. The incident came to fore in mayor Vandana Kangale's prabhag on Monday evening. Enraged citizens blamed former corporator after the incident alleging that he turned a deaf ear towards the complaints made by residents about the uncovered tank.Ragini Charhate is the name of the deceased. On Monday evening, Ragini was playing around her house located in Adiwasi Nagar, which is in mayor Vandana Kangale's ward.Ragini's family last saw her around 4pm but after that, she disappeared and her family and neighbours made frantic search for the child. Finally, a neighbour peeped into the tank in the public toilet and saw Ragini's body. Parents of the toddler took her to the hospital but she breathed her last on the way to the hospital. Mayor Vandana Kangale rushed the spot and instructed Amravati Municipal Corporation officials to cover the tank.Citizens in Adiwasi Nagar locality blamed former corporator Digambar Dahake of Shiv Sena for ignoring their requests to cover the tank.AMC had started the public toilet five years back and one Pradip Patil looks after its maintenance. Relatives of the deceased refused to let autopsy on the body be conducted but relented in the right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "12618301", "title": "Sankararaman wife, children say were forced to turn hostile", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: In yet another twist in the Sankararaman murder case in which the seers of the Kancheepuram mutt, Jayendra and Vijayendra Saraswathi are the prime accused, the wife, son and daughter of the murdered temple manager have pleaded with the Puducherry principal district and sessions court seeking that they be re-examined.Sankararaman's wife S Padma submitted a petition to principal district and sessions judge C S Murugan, seeking a re-examination of her son Anand Sharma and her daughter Uma Maitreyi and herself on Tuesday. She claimed that a gang threatened and forced them to turn hostile during their cross examination before the court on August 4, 2009. She also sought police protection for her family and herself. The judge received the petition and issued notices to the prosecution and defense counsels directing them to submit their replies. He also directed Padma and Anand Sharma to be present for hearing on the petition on Wednesday. Earlier special public prosecutor N Devadoss commenced arguments on the charges made by the special investigation team against the first 12 of the 24 accused in the chargesheet.The prosecution presented the charges against the accused based on the oral and written evidences gathered by the special investigation team. The judge posted the case to Wednesday for completion of further arguments by the prosecution on the charges against the remaining 12 accused. There were several twists and turns in the high-profile case and the Madras high court stayed the trial before the Puducherry court after an advocate filed a petition seeking investigation into alleged efforts by the accused to influence the case in August last year. However, the court lifted the stay in March this year.The court also transferred judge T Ramasamy to Dharmapuri and replaced him with Murugan. The case pertains to the murder of A Sankararaman, manager of the Sri Varadharajaswamy temple at Kancheepuram, on the temple premises on September 3, 2004. As many as 189 witnesses were examined and cross-examined in the case and 92, including a lone approver, turned hostile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12617889", "title": "Transformers blacked out as summer adds to power load", "text": "BANGALORE: Soaring mercury levels are making us sweat that much more this summer, thanks to widespread transformer failures across the city. Since Saturday, there have been reports of blackouts and intermittent power supply in RT Nagar, Hebbal, Kempapura, Sanjaynagar, parts of Mathikere, Yeshwanthpur and Nandini Layout.Bangalore Electricity Supply Company (Bescom) officials admit that major transformers failed on Saturday and Monday. In some areas like Nandini Layout and Yeshwanthpur , the outage lasted more than eight hours and in other areas, there was only intermittent power supply through the day.Bescom officials told TOI the peak load during the past few days has been 1850 megawatt (MW) and once it touches 2000MW, old transformers break down. However, they denied any shortage . They also said to balance the load at peak hours (morning and evening ), they have been switching off grids in some areas to give power to other places and vice-versa. The utility has also been encouraging industries to switch off power or reduce usage during peak hours.Currently, Bescom has to buy power at Rs 8 - Rs 10 during peak hours, while it's allowed to buy at only Rs 4.50 as per KERC norms. Officials said they try not to buy power at peak hours in the evening because the rate is higher .Residents are helpless in such situations . \"There was intermittent power supply on Saturday morning. It was very hot outside -- neither could I send my children outside to play , nor could I lock them inside and make them watch TV. Household chores also get affected,\" said Rekha Ganesh, teacher and resident of Bhoopasandra near Sanjaynagar.Balkhis, homemaker and resident of Anandnagar , said, \"Early morning power outages ruin my day. It becomes difficult to cook for the family when all of them are in a hurry to leave for work and school. Monday was terrible -- if there was power for 10 minutes, there was no power for one hour. This is not acceptable in summer. Utilities must prepare themselves well before.\"To add insult to injury, electrical supply companies , including Bescom , are seeking a tariff hike and the public hearing on this begins on Wednesday at the Karnataka Electricity Regulatory Commission (KERC). This time, the Escoms have appealed for a 60 paise hike.What's worse, the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB ) has undertaken maintenance works at its pumping stations and notifying water shortages in certain areas. The last notification was for Tuesday when work was undertaken in Kumara Park station and the affected areas were Kumara Park, Anandnagar , RT Nagar , Sanjaynagar and some parts of Bangalore North.TIMES VIEWThe same situation plays out every year with such sickening regularity that it's a wonder that furious consumers don't go about setting transformers on fire, the few left which haven't already self-destructed by surging power peaks. The electricity supply companies don't prepare for this enhanced demand during summer and this leads to frequent outages and long periods of maintenance downtime. Of course, this lack of preparedness is part of our larger malaise of not anticipating trouble and doing enough to pre-empt it. Prevention is better than cure works well with civic utilities too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12618157", "title": "Billboard crushes car, occupants safe", "text": "GURGAON: The sudden storm in the NCR late on Tuesday afternoon almost proved fatal for 39-year-old Gurgaon resident Avdesh Shukla and his 63-year-old mother Sarla Shukla, when an advertisement hoarding came crashing down on their car near DLF phase-I area.\"We were returning from my brother's house in Noida and had just taken a left turn from MG Road when the billboard that was put up on the median suddenly fell on my car with a loud thud. I was completely shocked and did not realize what had happened. We both sustained some injuries and with great difficulty, we managed to wriggle out of the car. Thankfully, there were no vehicles behind me and people on the streets helped us to get us back on our feet. It is a miracle that my mother and I are still alive. My mother is still under shock,\" said Shukla. His misery did not end there.\"We called the PCR but they refused to help saying they cannot come since they were busy elsewhere. After a while, we went to the DLF Phase-I police station but the cops there did not take the matter seriously and were not willing to lodge a complaint. They said they cannot blame anybody for the incident since it was caused by the wind. It was after much persuasion that they finally relented but not before suggesting that money is more important to me than my health. I hope whichever authority is responsible for the damage I have incurred compensates me accordingly,\" he added. The advertisement hoarding belongs to the municipal corporation. However, it was put up by a private advertisement agency. The MCG officials have promised to compensate the victim.\"We will see the terms and conditions given in the work order and proceed accordingly. Usually these kinds of incidents are covered in the contract; however, since the work order was given to the private agency before I joined MCG, I am not aware of the terms and conditions. Once we know these details, we will be able to tell who needs to pay the compensation amount,\" said Anju Choudhary, joint commissioner, MCG.==", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12616741", "title": "Encroachment roadblock in NH-1 six-laning", "text": "LUDHIANA: Six laning of National Highway 1 (NH1), which has been going on at a snail's pace, will continue to trouble commuters for some more time, as the municipal corporation has failed to remove encroachments coming in the way.More than a month has passed since the civic body served notices on owners of illegal structures which had to be razed, but no action has been taken since then. Going by the records with the MC, around 2,500 commercial and residential buildings constructed violating the PUDA Act were to be demolished. According to the Act, any commercial or residential building can be constructed only after a minimum distance of 16.5 feet from highways, bypasses and scheduled roads. On NH1, the objectionable structures come between octroi post of Jalandhar Bypass and Dhandhari octroi post, Samrala Chowk and octroi post at Chandigarh Road and Ferozepur Road and Gill Road.MC authorities have served notices twice to defaulters zone wise. In zone A 608 notices have been served, in zone B 1,133 notices, in zone C 1,037 notices and in zone D 447 notices have been served till date. The MC had formed committees assigning responsibilities to municipal town planner, senior town planner and zonal commissioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12617250", "title": "High School Leaving Certificate Examination ends on Tuesday", "text": "GUWAHATI: The controversial Matric examination finally ended on Tuesday with the re-examination of the general science paper in two centres, Gogamukh in Lakhimpur district and Kamalabari near Majuli. The science paper had been rescheduled from March 26 to April 10.B K Das, Seba secretary said, \"The examination was held peacefully and around 700 students appeared in the two centres. A lot of mishaps took place during the matric exam this time. In fact, the date of the general science examination had to be changed three times due to various anomalies.\"Various organizations and the people in general are protesting against the various mishaps that took place during the HSLC examination this time, including the Goalpara incident where cows devoured the students' answer sheets. However, despite the glitches, the authorities have assured that the result process will not be hampered.\"The results will be declared on time and students need not worry about it. We can't change what has already happened, but we will make sure that the results are declared on time,\" Das added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12617124", "title": "Keep promise on octroi, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena told", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) has urged the MNS - the ruling party in the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) - to cancel privatization of octroi recovery. The MNS has, in return, assured the industry body that privatization of octroi collection will be cancelled.A delegation of industrialists, led by the NIMA president Dhananjay Bele, met the state secretary of MNS, MLA Vasant Gite, and urged him to cancel the privatization of octroi recovery as it was on top of the party manifesto during the elections to NMC.\"NMC has privatized octroi collection, which created problems for the industry. They are being harassed at the octroi check-posts as their vehicles are halted for several hours for inspection. Around 70% of industries have their current accounts. Hence, there is no hurdle in recovering octroi. This is affecting the industrial growth of the city,\" Bele said after the meeting.When asked will the octroi target be completed after abolition of privatization of recovery, Bele added, \"The octroi recovery target set by the NMC will definitely be achieved and all industry and trade associations will also provide co-operation in this connection.\" Gite said the party will indeed carry out its promise. \"The MNS emerged as the largest party in the NMC and came to power due to support from Nashikites. The MNS, in its election manifesto, had promised to cancel the privatization of octroi recovery. We had also participated in a morcha and agitations taken out by industrialists and traders to protest privatization of octroi recovery. Our leader Raj Thackeray is known for keeping the promises. Hence, we will keep the word we had given,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616245", "title": "Jamia schools to refund form fee till Class VIII", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has directed the schools run by Jamia Millia Islamia to refund admission form fees charged from students up to class VIII. After receiving a complaint, the commission clarified that since Jamia schools received funding from the UGC and the HRD ministry, they cannot charge any fee from students up to class VIII.An NGO, in a complaint to the NCPCR, had alleged violation of the RTE and demanded cancellation of the previous admission notice of Mushir Fatima School. It wanted a fresh admission notice to be issued with a provision of 100% free admission forms for all categories in all-aided schools of Jamia.The NGO also demanded refund of form fee-of Rs 125 to EWS parents and Rs 25 to non-EWS parents-to those who had been charged. They said EWS certificate should not be asked for free admission form in any aided school of Jamia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12617231", "title": "4 more swine flu suspects admitted", "text": "NASHIK: Four more patients suspected to be infected with the H1N1 virus have been admitted to the Civil Hospital. While three patients were admitted on Tuesday, a 70-year-old patient was admitted late on Monday night to the isolation ward of the hospital.One among the patients is a 50-year-old woman from the city. Medical officers from the hospital working in the isolation ward said that the total number of patients admitted in the isolation ward were six, with one found positive for H1N1 and one negative.Meanwhile, the examination reports for the four new patients are awaited, medical officers at the Civil Hospital said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "12617494", "title": "Man stabbed to death for protesting power theft bid", "text": "BARASAT: A 36-year-old man was stabbed to death at Mannanpara near Duttapukur station in North 24-Parganas on Monday night after he refused to allow his neighbour to draw electricity from his house. No one has been arrested. No one has been arrested so far.Police said trouble broke out around 10.30pm when Rahamat Ali Sheikh, a mason by profession, refused to oblige his next-door neighbour Nepal Sarkar to draw power from his house after a power cut in Nepal's home.\"Sarkar and some of his friends had been drinking when lights went out in his house. Power supply to Sheikh's house was, however, not interrupted. Sarkar then went to his house and asked him to provide an electric connection to his house for the night. But Sheikh refused,\" said Akram Mollah, a local resident.Despite Sheikh strongly opposing Sarkar's bid to draw power from his house, Sarkar allegedly tried to do that forcibly. Sheikh then drove Sarkar out of his home.Later, Sarkar and his friends Arun Das and Toton Das, all of whom were drunk, rushed to Sheikh's house and dragged him out. They then started beating him up mercilessly. One of them allegedly took out a dagger and stabbed him to death. The assailant, however, managed to flee the spot after the murder.The victim's body lay in a pool of blood beside the railway track. It was later noticed by locals who took him to RG Kar Medical College and Hospital where doctors declared him dead.Police were informed and a team from Duttapukur outpost reached the spot. \"After preliminary probe, we suspect that the murder was the fallout of a rivalry between two neighbours. We are conducting raids to nab the culprits. Some persons are being questioned in this connection,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12617904", "title": "Poll panel accused of breaching high court order", "text": "CHENNAI: The state election commission deliberately violated the Madras high court orders and desisted from deploying poll and police officers from other states to conduct the civic polls in state in a free and fair manner, the Madras high court was informed on Tuesday.In his submissions before a division bench comprising Justice D Murugesan and Justice K K Sasidharan, senior counsel P Wilson said the state election commission had not honoured its undertaking before the court that it would engage neutral poll observers from other states to monitor the poll.The matter relates to a batch of PILs leveling serious charges of malpractices, bogus voting and booth capturing on the polling day on October 17, 2011. Arguments will continue on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12617936", "title": "Private hospital fails to notify H1N1 case, gets notice", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai on Monday issued a notice to Menangudy Hospital in Shastri Nagar for not notifying it about a patient suspected to have contracted the H1N1 virus, even as another person tested positive on Tuesday, taking the number of cases in the city to 18.The notice was issued under the Public Health Act 1939. Corporation officials said though the hospital had observed that an employee, Uma, had flu-like symptoms on April 5 and sent her throat swab for testing to King Institute, it had not informed the corporation about the case. Two days later, her daughter and nephew tested positive. Officials said the children could have been protected had they been informed.On Tuesday morning, health minister V S Vijay appealed to the public not to panic. \"With the 'effective' measures adopted by the government, the disease is under control in the state,\" he said.Replying to a special call attention motion moved by the Opposition in the assembly, Vijay said the government had allocated Rs 55 lakh for procurement of vaccines. He said there was an adequate stock of drugs required and according to the World Health Organisation, H1N1 was no more a pandemic but a seasonal flu.Health department officials said a man from Saligramam who had been suffering from a cough and fever for several days tested positive. He is being treated at the Sri Ramachandra Medical College and Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616120", "title": "Man stabs brother, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man stabbed his brother in Govindpuri when he refused to give him money to buy alcohol. The victim is admitted in AIIMS Trauma Centre while the accused is behind bars.On Monday evening, Mahinder Pal Singh (32) was at his videogame shop. His younger brother Gurinder Pal Singh approached him at the shop and asked for money. \"When asked the reason, Gurinder told him that he wanted to buy a bottle of liquor. Mahinder tried to cajole him to drop the idea; he tried to explain how drinking not only breaks families but also causes health hazards. A furious Gurinder turned back home, but returned with a sharp weapon and attacked his brother on the head and face,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kuldeep nagar", "code": "12616643", "title": "Residents seek removal of mobile tower", "text": "KULDEEP NAGAR: Residents of Kuldeep Nagar, near Jalandhar Bypass, registered a protest against the installation of a mobile tower in their area. Ruing that the tower was being installed without the permission of the authorities concerned, they met municipal corporation (MC) commissioner on Tuesday.In their complaint letter, they stated that the tower would affect the health of their children and that it be razed as no permission had been sought for it.After reaching D zone office of MC, they met commissioner M S Jaggi and threatened to protest if the tower was not removed.The commissioner has asked joint commissioner A S Sekhon to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616166", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to get a year to implement new property tax model", "text": "MUMBAI: An ordinance to grant the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) a year to implement the capital value-based property tax regime was introduced in the state legislative council for approval on Tuesday.The ordinance was approved by the state legislative assembly on Monday evening and is expected to gain a smooth passage in the council as well.Minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav sought the ordinance's approval in the council on Tuesday itself, but a discussion on it was deferred as some members from the Opposition benches, who wanted to participate in the discussion, were not present.While proposing to grant the BMC a year's time, the state urban development department has made it clear that \"there will not be any further extension\".The government has permitted the BMC to issue provisional bills on the basis of rateable value fixed in 2009-10. The government has also proposed exemptions for offices of all diplomatic and foreign missions in Mumbai for payment of water benefit tax, sewerage benefit tax and tree cess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12621566", "title": "Naxals blow up bridge in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: Naxals allegedly blew up a bridge in Chhattisgarh's Kanker district on Wednesday morning, just before a state minister's convoy was to pass by from there, police said.According to police officials in Kanker, the incident took place around 10am under Amabeda police station area, in which no casualities were reported.State forest minister Vikram Usendi's convoy was scheduled to go to Amabeda from Kanker on Wednesday morning using this bridge, they added.Police force has been rushed to the spot to take stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616050", "title": "Arms seized from gangster D K Rao's office were gifts: Kin", "text": "MUMBAI: Arms seized from Chhota Rajan aide D K Rao's Dharavi office in February were gifted by friends on his last birthday, Rao's family members told the police. The Dharavi police obtained his custody and will question him. The police found four swords, a chopper and knuckle-dusters hidden in his office.On Tuesday afternoon, the police travelled to Taloja jail to obtain custody of Rao. \"We were shocked to learn from Rao's family members that the arms were gifted by his friends,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.Rao was brought to Mumbai on Tuesday evening. \"He will be produced before the court and we will get his custody to question him on his motive behind keeping the arms at his office,\" said Kulkarni.The DCP formed a team of assistant commissioner of police (Kurla division) Prabhakar Satam, Dharavi senior inspector AS Survegandha, inspector Milind Kurde, assistant inspector Irfan Shaikh and detection staff to carry out the probe.The police said Rao was re-arrested on August 4, 2011, for threatening a businessman and extorting money. The businessman had invested Rs 6.6 crore with one Arvind Jain but when realty rates crashed, the latter refused to refund his money. On May 2, 2009, Jain took the businessman to St George Hospital where Rao was brought for some medical tests. Rao threatened the businessman to settle matters or face the consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12617655", "title": "Kolkata connects India to 4G era", "text": "KOLKATA: Sixteen years after it ushered in the cellphone revolution in India, with chief minister Jyoti Basu making the first call to telecom minister Sukhram in August 1995, Kolkata once again made telecom history on Tuesday by becoming the first Indian city with a 4G link.The service, an abbreviation for fourth generation wireless, was launched by Airtel, whose predecessor in the city, Modi Telstra mobile, had launched the cellphone service from the city with Basu's historic call. It wasn't just the emotional factor that made the city an automatic choice for the 4G launch. A senior Airtel official said the 4G infrastructure in the city had been put in place before others by ZTE Corporation, China's largest listed telecom equipment company roped in to plan, design, deploy and supply the 4G network in Kolkata. And in remarks that would show Bengal and its capital in positive light to the industry, Bharti Airtel chairman and managing director Sunil Bharti Mittal , who unveiled the service along with telecom minister Kapil Sibal , thanked the state government for fast clearances.So, Kolkatans can now access ultra-fast broadband service that, according to experts, is expected to be five times as fast as 3G. But a 4G connection will not offer voice or text services (in other words, you cannot use it to make calls or send SMSs). The service is being provided through dongles, which will allow you to link up with computers, laptops and some tablets. A 4G network makes internet browsing much faster and lets users download songs and stream movies much more quickly than with 3G or WiFi.But as with the rest of the world, its success in India, too, will depend on affordability, a point Sibal emphasised at the launch, confessing that the 3G story in India hadn't been a successful one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616822", "title": "Change in method for mental health certificates", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University has changed the procedure for awarding mental health certificates. The authorities were prompted to act, after they came to know that the certificates were to anyone and were literally being sold by certain office staff. The rot was exposed by an RTI query. According to information, mental health certificates issued by the department were being misused to settle property and personal disputes.Later, the medical university lodged an FIR with the Wazirganj police station. Officials probing the case revealed that whosoever wanted a certificate had to simply buy an OPD ticket and get the certificate made from the department. Police officials said that as of now, they can cite only one example to prove the point, but they have at least 10 suspected cases in their hand.The police has sought medical university's help in this regard. In their letter, the police has hinted on the existence of a bigger racket having the role of some insiders. Sources claimed that the police would take the help of hand writing and forensic experts to reach to the mastermind.Chief medical superintendent, CSMMU, Prof SN Shankhwar however said that he was not aware of any such letter.\"The matter came to light in October 2011 and we had taken action against those involved. We had also changed the process of awarding mental health certificates to ensure that the incident never takes place again.\" As per the changes introduced, all OPD tickets contain that they are not meant for medico-legal purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12623251", "title": "Jiiva makes a great announcement!", "text": "Jiiva has made a great announcement yesterday. Yes , the star has signed up yet another multi-starrer and this time he will be sharing the screen space with Chiyaan Vikram.Jiiva has said that director Bejoy Nambiar has approached him with the script of David and offered him a role in the Tamil and Telugu versions.Incidentally, Vikram will be doing the lead role in the Hindi, Tamil and Telugu versions. Jiiva's role in the Hindi version will be done by another star, we hear. Speaking about this script, Jiiva said that his role has been etched out very well and he is happy to do yet another multi-starrer.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12617162", "title": "Mining licences for firms intending to set up plants", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to make full use of the natural resources and enhance employment opportunities, the state government has decided to allot mining licenses of two major minerals, iron ore and limestone, only to those companies who are keen to set up plants or value addition processing units in the state.Stressing on industrialisation and employment generation, there has been a major shift in the government's policy of leasing out mines of iron ore and limestone. From now on the mining licenses of these two minerals will be issued to only to those companies who'll use the cement grade limestone and steel grade iron ore only in cement and steel plants, respectively.\"Government polices are very clear. Mines of iron ore and limestone will be given only to those who will set up plants. Value addition projects and manufacturing plants will be promoted so that more investments come in and more jobs are created,\" said Sudhanshu Pant, secretary, mines and petroleum.Earlier, there was no binding on the companies who were issued mining lease to invest in manufacturing plants. This policy resulted in iron ore and limestone reserves going out of the state and failing to bring in revenues here.To dissuade firms with no intention of investing in processing units or plants, government has also introduced the clause of keenness money before issuing the lease deed. Each firm who gets the license of mining for these two minerals will have to provide a bank guarantee of Rs1 lakh per hectare of the mining field. \"Keenness money is to encourage firms with bonafide interest of setting up plants. This guarantee will be forfeited if the company fails in its commitment and the license, too, will be cancelled,\" said an official of the department.\"The focus is on speeding up industrialisation and creating job opportunities in the state. Rajasthan has lot of natural resources and they should be used for the benefit of the state,\" added the official. The state has extensive deposits of steel grade iron ore near village Sanu in Jaisalmer district. So far the presence of reserves of over 550 million tonnes has been confirmed. But in the absence of any steel plant in Rajasthan it is being supplied to other states.Similarly, the state in endowed with vast resources of limestone with estimated reserves of about 7,000 million tonnes. The important limestone bearing areas are located in the districts like Chittorgarh, Bundi, Bhilwara, Kota, Nagaur, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12618357", "title": "Cloud cover brings relief for commuters", "text": "KANPUR: The cloud cover on Tuesday afternoon gave some respite to the daily commuters from the heat. Both the minimum and maximum temperatures slightly dipped.The maximum temperature was 38 degrees Celsius on Tuesday, one degree less than that of Monday. The minimum temperature stood at 19.7 degrees, two degree higher than the previous day.According to the weather experts of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the change in wind direction from westerly to northerly had increased the chances of scattered rains in the region by the weekend.The weather experts predicted remarkable rise in minimum temperature after rains. The maximum temperature may also rise by a few degrees.Meanwhile, the roads wore a deserted look. The commuters and students were witnessed opting various cooling methods while waiting for public conveyance. Power cuts in many areas added to the woes of the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12623051", "title": "Prank on the sets of Afsar Bitiya", "text": "It seems the set of Rakesh Paswan's show Afsar Biitiya has become the source of all pranks! Kinshuk Mahajan and Yash Sinha - on screen brothers - are the main players in this prank show!The latest victim of their pranks is Baldev Raj played by actor Neeraj Sood. The actor was convinced by the duo that his role and character demanded a canary yellow safari suit! While that will surely sound obnoxious to anyone, somehow the duo convinced Sood that the role demanded such a weird dress.the creative team also joined them and as a result Sood started wearing the yellow safari suit. Few days down the line he realised that it was nothing but a prank played by Yash and Kinshuk! But since continuity had to be maintained in the episode, Sood could do nothing and had to silently tolerate the canary yellow safari suit. \"\"It was a perfectly executed prank! We had a great laugh and Neeraj too took it sportingly,\"\" says Yash.Nice way to get rid of the daily soap boredom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12618497", "title": "Film portrays plight of Kalinganagar tribals", "text": "KENDRAPADA: A documentary on the fight of displaced tribals in Jajpur's Kalinganagar industrial hub was appreciated by many. \"Once my village\" is a 20-minute film made by documentary photographer and filmmaker Pranab Kumar Aich (25). Pranab, who is from Jajpur district, now resides in Delhi.\"We captured deforestation resulting from industrialization in Jajpur. Hundreds of fledglings perished as many nests were destroyed after the administration axed trees and I presented this issue vividly in my film and photography,\" said Pranab. The movie was screened at the India International Centre and Cinemala Film Fest in New Delhi. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616121", "title": "Govt\u2019s H1N1 website not updated since December 2010", "text": "NEW DELHI: Notwithstanding the fresh cases of swine flu , including 21 deaths during the first three months of the year, the Union health ministry has not updated its website on the disease since December 2010.The ministry had created a special website dedicated to spread information about the severity of the disease including precautionary measures to be undertaken if effected, after the 2009 outbreak.When contacted, the officials from Union government and the state government chose to put the blame on each other. The website http://mohfw-h1n1.nic.in was created by the Union Health Ministry in update status of Influenza A (H1N1) being reported from different parts of the country. The last update was on December 2010. Till March 30 this year, a total of 309 cases of swine flu, including 21 deaths, have been reported from across the country with the worst affected states being Maharasthra, Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh.Delhi which has already reported six cases till now, with the first being reported in the month of January, does not find any mention in the website.In the total 48,752 confirmed cases of H1N1 Influenza virus since 2009, 2,840 deaths have taken place with the maximum of 953 in Maharashtra, 492 in Gujarat, 321 in Rajasthan, 266 in Kerala, 107 in Andhra Pradesh , 151 in Delhi, 131 in Kerala and 122 in Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12615510", "title": "Ship hijack: Families turn to ministry of external affairs for help", "text": "NOIDA: The families of the crew members of the ship MT Royal Grace captured by Somali pirates have jointly demanded that the ministry of external affairs provide them latest details in the matter. The families of nine out of the 17 crew members got together to approach the authorities through one platform.Callousness of the government came to fore on Tuesday after one crew member family establish contact with MoEF and the officials at MoEF told the family member to establish contact in Indian embassy in Dubai.Meanwhile, the Directorate General of Shipping issued a statement on Tuesday citing the vessel carrying 22 crew members, including 17 Indians, had been sold to a Nigerian owner and all efforts to contact the new owners have failed so far. The registered owners of the vessel, Snow Whyte Energy of Nigeria, cannot be contacted. \"The vessel still remains in captivity. The Nigerian owner's representatives are in Somalia for negotiations,\" the statement adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12616865", "title": "High court asks chief secretary to report on Gaya DM's non-compliance", "text": "PATNA: Patna high court on Tuesday directed the state's chief secretary to file report on the conduct of Gaya district magistrate as to why the latter had not complied with the court's earlier order and submitted the report in a case related to irregularities in execution of different social schemes being undertaken in the district.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh while hearing a writ petition filed by one, Mahesh Sharma, seeking the court's intervention for proper implementation of the projects.Petitioner's lawyer Dinu Kumar said Sharma had alleged in his petition that between 2000-01 to 2005-06, gross irregularities were detected in execution of different schemes in Gaya district which include building of bridges and culverts. The petitioner had stated that although funds were sanctioned and released to the contractors concerned for the projects, the projects remained incomplete till 2011-12. Again, the work done so far was of sub-standard quality which resulted in loss of public exchequer, the court was informed.Taking note of this, the high court had on November 11, 2011 directed the Gaya DM to submit a report in this regard. The DM, however, did not comply with the court's order. Again, in February, 2012, the high court issued notices to the contractors concerned on the projects not being completed and work being sub-standard . On March 16, 2012, the high court asked the state counsel whether the Gaya DM had been informed of the court proceedings or not. When the court was told that the DM has been informed, the state counsel was directed to file an affidavit in this regard in the court about Gaya DM being informed of the court's proceedings.On Tuesday, the bench, while directing the chief secretary to file report on the DM's conduct, also directed him to ensure that report sought from Gaya DM is being submitted to the court before May 7 which is the next date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616073", "title": "Metro extension to link Dilshad Garden with Ghaziabad bus terminal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A year after Delhi Metro ventured into Ghaziabad with the Anand Vihar-Vaishali corridor, it's preparing to start work on another alignment. Senior officials in Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) confirmed that the detailed project report on a new alignment from Dilshad Garden to New Bus Terminal along GT Road in Ghaziabad had been submitted to Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA). Work on the corridor is expected to start soon, said Kumar Keshav, director (projects), Delhi Metro.The 9.41km corridor will start from Dilshad Garden and terminate at the bus stand located near the Mahamaya Sports Stadium. \"The alignment, which was earlier to terminate at Mohan Nagar has been extended to cater to a larger section,\" said Keshav. According to Delhi Metro, the connection to Ghaziabad via Dilshad Garden will prove beneficial not only for Delhi, but also for Ghaziabad residents as it will provide an alternative to the current Anand Vihar-Vaishali line. \"There are strong possibilities for extending the line beyond New Bus Terminal in the next stage, up to Raj Nagar on Hapur Road,\" said Keshav.The alignment will have seven stations - at Shahid Nagar, Raj Bagh, Rajendra Nagar, Shyam Park, Mohan Nagar, Arthala and New Bus Stand. The average distance between the stations is 1.35km, said Keshav. \"Discussions with the GDA have been very positive. The alignment will benefit more than 12 lakh people living in Ghaziabad,\" he said. Incidentally, in 2010 DMRC had proposed the extension of the Anand Vihar to Vaishali line up to Mohan Nagar. This would connect the proposed Mohan Nagar Metro station on the Dilshad Garden-New Bus Terminal corridor. Approximate length of this extension will be 8km. In the next stage of the corridor, Delhi Metro has proposed to extend the line further to Raj Nagar.The detailed project report states that on completion of the proposed extension up to Raj Nagar in Ghaziabad in the next phase, the Delhi Metro corridor via Shahdara will become approximately 38km long - stretching between Rithala in the west and Raj Nagar in the east. Maintenance and stabling requirement of the corridor will be met from Shastri Park Depot located in the Yamuna Khadir, nearly 4km west of Shahdara station. Metro commuters from Ghaziabad will be able reach New Delhi Station, Connaught Place, AIIMS, IIT and Qutub Minar with one interchange at Kashmiri Gate station with this alignment as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616239", "title": "Resident welfare associations educate young voters, to organize marathon on Friday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Resident welfare associations in the city will organize a marathon on Friday to create awareness among voters and encourage them to exercise their right. Arjuna Award winner Khazan Singh Tokas, former hockey captain Zafar Iqbal and actor Gul Panag will participate in the marathon from 8am to 9am at Dhyan Chand National Stadium.\"State election commissioner Rakesh Mehta will flag off the event,\" said Keshav Agarwal, one of the organizers. He said the run will begin from the national stadium and will cover the India Gate roundabout.The RWAs are also planning to educate young as well as first-time voters about their rights. To this end, they organized a poster-making competition and distributed pamphlets in Delhi University on Tuesday. Posters with messages like 'drive your point home', 'Delhi come out and vote' and 'sometimes a four-letter word can be very powerful VOTE, use it effectively' were put up in the DU area.\"We are not batting for any political party. We just want more people to show up on the polling day. With these efforts, we hope to see at least 65% turnout,\" said Pankaj Aggarwal of Delhi Joint Front. The RWAs say it is important to tap youngvoters.\"Normally, young people do not come out and vote. It is important for the youth to realize the importance of casting one's vote,\" said Rajeev Kakria, a member of the GK-I RWA.He added that banners will be put up on walls and parks till Saturday. The RWAs are clear that they want a social worker and not a politician as councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616323", "title": "IGL moves court against order to cut CNG price", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the oil and gas marketing regulator has its way, the price of natural gas sold as automotive and kitchen fuel in Delhi would come down by 12%-15% and consumers would get some of their money back on bills paid since April 2008.Indraprastha Gas Ltd (IGL), the sole supplier of CNG in Delhi and its suburbs, has approached the Delhi high court against the petroleum and natural gas regulatory board's (PNGRB) order to cut tariff and apply it retrospectively.IGL has contended that the regulator did not give it a hearing and calculated the tariff at 2008 price levels for various inputs and charges. The company will wait till the outcome of its petition in the court.The PNGRB on Monday fixed pipeline transportation tariff at Rs 38.58 per million unit of gas against Rs 104 per million unit sought by IGL. Similarly, gas compression charge was reduced to Rs 2.75 per million unit from Rs 6.66. Both changes were made effective from April 1, 2008.\"We are not clear how they (PNGRB) have calculated this tariff. We do not know the assumptions they have made,\" company MD M Ravindran said. \"We have today approached Delhi HC challenging the constitutionality and legality of the powers of the PNGRB to fix the tariff.\"\"There are differences (with PNGRB) on many counts... the gas volumes, capacity utilization and the pipeline network (taken into account for calculating the tariff).\"The order could put a Rs 1,000 crore-Rs 1,500 crore burden on IGL because of dues. The company stock slumped 33% on the bourses and touched a 52-week low of Rs 187.70, or down 46%, on the National Stock Exchange intra-day. It closed at Rs 229.80 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.IGL may not be able to raise its margins to accommodate the refund on tariff as the margins too would be determined by PNGRB. IGL in 2010-11 had total revenue of Rs 1,750.46 crore and net profit of Rs 259.77 crore. If it were to implement the order, its outgo would be at least Rs 1,000 crore and may go up to Rs 2,200 crore.Though IGL insisted it was not consulted before PNGRB passed the order, the 13-page order stated that the Board and its consultants had sought clarifications over data on capital and operating expenditure submitted by IGL in May, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12617588", "title": "Admonished engineering student ends life", "text": "MANGALORE: Mehanaz,20, a 2nd year bio-tech student of a private engineering college at Kairangala near here, committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling fan in her college hostel room on Tuesday.Mehanaz is daughter of Mohammad Ali, a resident of Kulai near here. Though she was rushed to the hospital immediately, she was declared dead. Mehanaz is also said to have slashed her wrists before taking the extreme step.Sources said that the student took the extreme step as she was questioned by the college authorities for going on a picnic with her friends without informing her parents or the college authorities. As the news of Mehanaz's death spread, students gathered near the college and started a protest.Police headed by ACP (Mangalore South) T R Jagannath rushed to the spot and dispersed the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12617566", "title": "Unaided colleges discount Calicut University norms to offer courses", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Making a mockery of university regulations, many self-financing engineering colleges affiliated to Calicut University have been conducting courses that don't even have a basic syllabus.Though the courses are approved by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and the university syndicate, the university does not have a proper syllabus of the courses offered by these colleges. This affects the timely conduct of examination as the Pareekha Bhavan is unable to prepare question papers without knowing the syllabus.A top university official said two colleges have been conducting M Tech courses without a proper syllabus or curriculum. Therefore, the students of these courses are unable to appear for their exams in May unless the university draws up a syllabus for the courses offered. Meanwhile, the university has set up an expert committee to ensure proper curriculum and syllabus for all courses approved by the syndicate before April 30.K A Siraj, syndicate member and chairman of the newly-formed committee, said a college has been offering M Tech course in Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI) from 2011 onwards. But it doesn't have a proper syllabus till date. The last date for submission of applications for the first semester MTech examination is April 20. K P Muraleedharan, dean of commerce and management studies, said the issue was not limited to engineering courses alone. There are several instances of self-financing colleges starting courses without proper curriculum and syllabus. \"The deans of faculty and board of studies often come to know of a new course started by a college when the Pareeksha Bhavan asks for the approved syllabus to set the question papers,\" he said. He said there have been instances in which colleges have advertised new courses without even applying for university approval. Muraleedharan said normally the engineering colleges should have the curriculum and syllabus approved by the various university bodies like board of studies, faculty, academic council and finally by the vice-chancellor before commencing the course. But often the institution secures AICTE approval by presenting a draft syllabus and starts classes. The matter is also overlooked by the concerned university authorities, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mandekolu (sullia)", "code": "12617638", "title": "Tyre factory: Govt to explore PPP model", "text": "MANDEKOLU (SULLIA): Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda took forward his budgetary announcement of setting up a tyre factory in his home village at a high-powered meeting held here on Tuesday. A pre-feasibility study by the Infrastructure Development Corporation (Karnataka) Ltd has suggested that potential of Sullia, which lies in the rubber producing belt in the state, can be tapped. DK accounts for 8000-12,000 tonnes of natural rubber production each year.The chief minister directed Raj Kumar Khatri, secretary of the infrastructure development department to go ahead with the technical feasibility study and follow it up with stakeholders' consultation. Sullia, Puttur, Kodagu, Chikmagalur and neighbouring Kasargod that forms part of rubber producing belt could serve as the feeder for the proposed tyre factory, he said, adding the investment could be between Rs 300 crore and Rs 500 crore. \"We will explore the PPP model,\" the CM said.A report by IDeCK has indicated that a few tyre manufacturers had expressed willingness to set up tyre manufacturing plant in Sullia provided the government provides support. Their requests include even and vacant land of at least 50 acres, provision of utilities in terms of water, power, accessibility to site, tax exemption for at least first ten years of commercial operations, and subsidies on capital investment.\"These requests will be positively met,\" CM noted. \"Rubber availability and its assured supply is not a problem. Potential for value addition and job creation is high. The only hitch is the environmental clearances that the state government will need to secure from Central Pollution Control Board,\" he said. The CM also agreed to a suggestion by Raj Kumar to take Karnataka State Pollution Control Board on board to expedite the process of seeking necessary environmental clearances at various levels.The CM directed officials concerned to ensure that papers regarding the proposal for the factory be brought forward before the high-powered committee that would meet in Bangalore on April 14 to discuss clearances to other industries seeking to start operations in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12616413", "title": "E Coli bacteria found in idli samples", "text": "PUNE: Idli samples sent for testing to the State Public Health Laboratory were found contaminated with E Coli bacterium, certain strains of which can cause food poisoning and may even be life-threatening.On Saturday, 132 students of a civic-run school had been admitted to different hospitals with complaints of vomiting and nausea after they ate idlis, served under the mid-day meal scheme.Based on the laboratory results, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has now decided to file a criminal case against the mid-day meal service provider, Sai Vyavasaik Gat, a self-help group.A person infected with E Coli bacteria can experience abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, fever, fatigue and diarrhea. A healthy adult will usually make a full recovery from the infection within 3 or 4 days. However, young children, elderly individuals and patients with a weakened immune system can develop potentially fatal HUS (hemolytic uremic syndrome), a type of kidney failure, said infectious disease expert Bharat Purandare.\"The lab report has made it clear that the idlis served under the mid-day meal scheme were contaminated and unfit for human consumption. We are now going to seek the consent of the FDA commissioner to file a criminal case against Sai Vyavasaik Gat,\" said Chandrashekhar Salunke, joint commissioner (food), FDA.\"E Coli bacteria isolated in the sample can cause food poisoning, hence it is unfit for human consumption,\" states the SPHL's lab report.The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has already issued notices to the mid-day meal provider, the grocery shop owner and the operator of a flour mill - all located in Parvati - for violating provisions of the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, on Monday.All three had acted in different capacities to provide the mid-day meal to the civic-run school. \"They were also offering their services without seeking mandatory registration from FDA,\" said Salunke.\"The idlis were prepared in unhygienic conditions,\" he added. According to inspection report, the food was prepared in a tin shed measuring 8x12 sq ft, which had very little ventilation.\"Punishment for a criminal offence could mean six months' imprisonment and a minimum penalty of up to Rs 5 lakh,\" said Salunke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12618886", "title": "15 lakh autos to go off roads from April 16", "text": "MUMBAI: Approximately 15 lakh autorickshaw drivers across Maharashtra will go an indefinite strike from the midnight of April 15 to demand a new fare structure, primarily linked to the cost of living. They have demanded an interim increase of Rs 5 in the minimum fare to Rs 16 from Rs 11 at present , and a hike of Rs 2 to Rs 9 from Rs 7 for every subsequent kilometre, in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai. This, till a revised fare is calculated in accordance with a new formula, which is yet to be worked out.Drivers in Mumbai have decided to take a morcha to the transport commissioner's office at Bandra East on April 16 to press for their demands.Sharad Rao, working president , Action Committee for Autorickshaw Owners and Drivers, Maharashtra, said, \"It is time the authorities agreed to frame a new formula to fix the fare. They have tried to loot autorickshawmen by fixing the fare as per the Hakim Committee 's formula, which is 15 years old and applicable only to taxi fares.\"Unions have demanded that the cost of living index be considered as the base to hike fare. Rao said, \"The Patankar Committee (which prepared a formula for fixing auto fares) had pegged the cost of living index at Rs 5,969 in 1993. It has increased four-fold in all these year and has now touched Rs 23,665.\"\"In New Delhi and Bangalore , the minimum fare is Rs 19 and Rs 20 for two km. In Hyderabad , it is Rs 15 for 1.6 km. However, in Mumbai, it is only Rs 11.\" Mumbai's fare, said Rao, needs to be revised by factoring in fuel prices, premium on thirdparty insurance, parking charges and hafta to avoid fine for irregular parking due to shortage of designated stands.\"V N More, transport commissioner said, \"We have already forwarded a proposal to the government to appoint a new rickshaw trade inquiry committee. Since it is a policy decision, the government will have a final say in the issue.\" On Rao's demand, he said, \"They keep changing their goal post. They had initially opposed Patankar Committee, which was formed three years before Hakim Committee came into being.\"School bus owners file contempt pleaA day after TOI wrote about the School Bus Owners' Association (SBOA) refusing to ply school buses due to lack of proper permits, the Thane RTO denied permits to 20 buses. They said permits would be provided to buses only as per the new RTO rules. \"There is absolutely no rule in place and yet they claim to follow the rule. This is nothing but harassment,\" said Anil Garg, president of SBOA. He added that his association filed a contempt of court application on Tuesday against the transport department for not following the court order. Hearing in the case is likely to come up next week. Some bus owners added the RTO has been providing temporary permits. \"But we will not ply with these,\" said a school bus owner.Taxi strike: May 2Taxi drivers will go on strike from May 2 to demand a hike in minimum fare to Rs 20 from Rs 17 and an increase of Rs 2 for every subsequent km. A L Quadros, general secretary, Mumbai Taximen Union, said a new taxi fare inquiry committee should be constituted to study factors like cost of living, maintenance of vehicles and an increase in the premium of third-party insurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12618266", "title": "Tax relief likely for solar energy use, green roof", "text": "INDORE: In its bid to promote greenery and renewable source of energy, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is likely to announce tax rebate for green roof and solar panels in its budget on Wednesday. The IMC is expected to offer rebate in property tax for installing solar panels and developing green roof on their houses.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe had promised to give rebate in property tax to the houses with green roof. Now, the civic body has widened the ambit by including solar panel. The IMC official said pollution has emerged as a major challenge for the city so civic body is going to promote greenery by extending tax rebate. This will benefit individuals and builders who opt for solar panel and green roof. Beside, people can also get some rebate for planting trees on their properties.Environmentalist Kishor Billore believes move like tax rebate will go long way in cultivating concern for environment among masses. It will not only sensatise people, but also save lots of energy and check on pollution in the city.The IMC is also planning to construct a bridge from Palasia Square to 56 Dukan passing through Harijan Colony. Announcement for construction of the bridge is likely to be made in budget. The construction of bridge will ease traffic on AB road and MG Road. Right now traffic jam at Palasia Square is common, the construction of bridge is expected to solve this problem. The 50 feet long and 40 feet wide bridge is to cost Rs 3 crore. However, the IMC will have to remove level some houses from Harijan Colony to construct this bridge. \"We have done the survey and few houses will be removed. The owners would be compensated for razing house to make way for bridge, IMC official said, adding that work is expected to begin from June.In this budget, the IMC would to focus on construction and renovation of bridges. The IMC is expected to spend around Rs 60 crore on bridges alone. \"Increasing population and number of vehicles has created several traffic bottlenecks in the city which is to be tackled. Emphasis will be on easing traffic on roads by constructing bridges and links roads,\" said civic official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12616899", "title": "High court disposes of contempt plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat State Human Rights Commission (GSHRC) has asked the AHMEDABAD Municipal Corporation (AMC) to pay a compensation of Rs 1 lakh to the kin of Jivaji Marwadi who died after he fell into a massive cave in on Vasna-Guptanagar road. The incident had taken place on September 16, 2008. The commission held that Marwadi died due to negligence of the AMC machinery.\"Right to life is a human right. Public servants of the AMC have failed to prevent the violation of this right which is proved by the report submitted by the police commissioner. The AMC is recommended to pay a compensation of Rs 1 lakh to the kin of victim Jivaji Marwadi\", a single bench GSHRC order signed by Sudhir Sinha, member GSHRC said.\"Civic amenities are expected as per the status of the city. It is unbelievable that a man without any rhyme or reason, without any fault of his, suddenly falls into a cave in on a road and loses his life. This life was lost due to unpardonable negligence of officials and employees of the AMC. The AMC should check all the gutters and potholes and cave-in on the city roads so that a similar incident can be prevented in the future\", the order said.The commission has asked the AMC to submit an Action Taken Report (ATR) based on the recommendations made by the GSHRC within a month's time.A social activist Ashwin Karia had written a postcard to the GSHRC on September 25, 2008 saying that Marwadi had died due to negligence of the corporation officials and that justice should be done to his family members.The GSHRC inquired into the case concluded that Marwadi had indeed died due to negligence of the AMC machinery.Victim of AMC neglectAhmedabad: Jivaji Marwadi, 40, was trying to start his loading rickshaw on the fateful day. Just as he pulled the cable, the cord slipped from his hand and he fell into a massive cave in on the Vasna-Guptanagar highway. The AMC had dug a big 10 feet x 20 feet ditch which was 15 feet deep to lay a gutter line.Rains came and road dug up caved in becoming an unsafe, unprotected zone. Marwadi became an accidental victim. After he slipped into the cave in, it took the authorities 10 hours of search operation, rummaging through the gutter line to find Marwadi's body, at the Vasna Pumping Station.The GSHRC noted that the western zone was aware about the incident but submitted apathetic and incomplete reports to the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12618084", "title": "Award-winning documentary freezes frames on Mumbai's rat-catchers", "text": "BANGALORE: Miriam Chandy Menacherry has a story to tell. It's a carefully crafted tale of an invisible workforce that comes alive when Mumbai drifts into sleep each night. Miriam's soft, musical voice takes you through her award-winning documentary, 'The Rat Race', in little bursts of energy, punctuated by laughter. \"It's funny in part, it's also dark and disturbing,\" she said of her film which won the co-production challenge at Cannes.The movie, which will hit theatres in Bangalore, Delhi and Mumbai on April 20, looks at rat catchers, the Pied Pipers of Mumbai, through a colourful lens. \"They're given a stick and a torch and they start work at midnight and work till 7am. These employees of the municipal corporation have to bring back at least 30 dead rats every day,\" Miriam explained, \"The film takes you through different cycles, seasons and festivities. Many of these people are educated, but do this because their parents wanted them to be in government jobs. So, while they kill rats at night, they also dream of being officers and film stars.\"Mumbai-based Miriam, who did her schooling in Sophia's and Pre-University course in Mount Carmel College here, chanced upon the idea in a newspaper advertisement. She said: \"Following an announcement for 30 vacancies for rat killers, there were 2,000 applicants.\" The 37-year-old filmmaker's maiden venture took two years from conception to completion. She dug into her own pockets and got a little help from family and friends.To begin with, the Bruhan Mumbai Corporation refused to give her permission to shoot alongside the rat killers. Miriam explained, \"They'd never got a request like this, they didn't know what to do with it or how to process it.\"While shooting her crew got roughed up a couple of times which resulted in some crucial footage being deleted. Those were practical problems. Then there were people problems. It was important for her to gain the confidence of the rat killers. \"When you are thrown together for such long periods of time, you get to really know people. Slowly, they start opening up to you. Only after one year of shooting did I know that one of the rat killers was a post-graduate in history. Finally, by the time we were done, we were all family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12623291", "title": "2 more quakes in Indian Ocean", "text": "KOLKATA: Two more earthquakes with their epicentres in the North Indian Ocean were recorded within an hour of the 8.7 magnitude temblor epicentred off the west coast of North Sumatra.While the one off the Sumatran coast occurred at 2.08 pm, the second one measuring 7 in the Richter Scale was recorded in the North Indian Ocean at 2.31 pm. The third one, measuring 6.8 in the Richter Scale was also recorded in the North Indian Ocean at 2.58 pm.While there was some panic in several places in the Andaman and Nicobar islands that were badly affected in the 2004 Tsunami, there was no warning issued by the Andaman and Nicobar Administration. According to an official in the disaster management department, alerts has been issued to places like Car Nicobar, Komatra and Katchal Islands on the basis of a report circulated by the Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS). The Indian Tsunami Early Warning Centre under INCOIS has issued warnings for Indira Point, Komatra, Katchal and Car Nicobar and alerts for other places including Port Blair.The West Bengal government has also alerted the administration in the districts of South 24-Parganas and East Midnapore. A bore tide is likely to hit the rivers in these districts around 5.55 pm and fishermen have been warned not to venture out during that period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12618559", "title": "Miss India missing a ghar ka khanaa", "text": "CHANDIGARH: She had been terribly missing 'ghar ka khaana' and the traditional Punjabi food for almost a month now.Craving to lead life of a 'normal girl' for a few days at least, PEC University student Vanya Mishra, who was recently crowned the Pantaloons Femina Miss India World 2012, returned home amid media glare on Tuesday.'Life took an unexpected turn last month. I, like a regular PEC University student, was doing training at Gurgaon with my batchmates. Since I hardly knew anyone in Mumbai, where I went for the pageant, I missed home badly. I hope to live life of a normal girl for the next few days,' said Vanya, who admires former Miss World-turned-actress Priyanka Chopra . Talking to TOI, Vanya narrated how 'people around her had been taking her dream causally'. 'It amusing though, many of my friends and teachers were surprised as they thought I was not serious when I said I dream to become Miss India. There are very few people around me who actually believed in my dream,' she added.When asked about her willingness to resume studies, she expressed uncertainty. 'Right now, I'm focusing on Miss World pageant at Mongolia in August and I have not yet decided on pursuing a career since as I am bound by contract,' she added.'She wanted spend some quality time with family, so we planned lunch at a city hotel for her immediately after she landed here,' her mother Ved Mishra said. When asked about her favorite Bollywood actor, pat came Vanya's reply, 'Ranbir Kapoor.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12617541", "title": "Buses to display place names in Hindi", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In an effort to make it easy on the Hindi-speaking migrant population of city, the buses owners have decided to display the route details of buses in Hindi too. The migrant population, mainly from north India, are employed in construction sector.The cooperative society of bus operators that operate on the Perumanna-Patheerankavu-Manakkadavu routes were the first to make the move. So far three buses have detailed the route in Hindi apart from English and Malayalam. All the 35 buses in the route will follow suit in a couple of months.\"The city has been witnessing a huge influx of migrant workers from north India. They form a major portion of the passengers in the route. All the buses operating in the route will display the bus route and major stops in three languages,\" said M K P Muhammed, a member of the cooperative society.Following the decision by the cooperative society, the Kozhikode District Private Bus Operators Association too is planning to ask all its members to inscribe route details in all the buses that operate in the city in the three languages. According to the association, there are around 400 buses operating in the city limit.\"We are planning to ask all the bus operators in the city to inscribe detailed information of the routes. We have discussed the matter in our meeting on Tuesday and a final decision will be taken in the next week's meeting as consensus has to be emerged on the same,\" Suresh Babu, general secretary, Kozhikode District Private Bus Operators Association said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12617039", "title": "Boat capsizes in Dungarpur", "text": "JAIPUR: It was a watery grave for six minor girls engaged in a brick unit. The bread earners for their families drowned as their boat capsized in a pond in Dungarpur district.Eleven others were rescued from the boat which was overloaded.The incident occured at 9.45 am on Tuesday at Chitari village in Dungarpur. The minor girls and others were being ferried across to their work place. The overloaded boat gave in and crumbled into the water body, police said.Soon an alarm was raised by the villagers and police and divers reached the spot. \"We rescued 11 out of 18 labourers while seven could not be saved,\" said a police officer. It was a horrifying sight for the villagers when the boat capsized. Immediately, villagers jumped into the pond to save those who were travelling.\"Some of the victims managed to fight the fear and swam back to safety,\" said Niranjan Lal a native of Chitroli village in Dungarpur district. The deceased included labourers between 14 to 18 years of age and have been identified as Susheela (14), Anita (13), Alka (13), Kapila (16), Suneeta (14), Tinki (17) and Kalpesh (18), police said.According to the police, the deceased worked in a brick manufacturing unit and travelled in boats to reach their work place and back home. This was their daily and perhaps only mode of transport. But, on Tuesday due to lesser number of boats, they travelled in an overloaded boat which soon capsized. Meanwhile, the police have arrested boatman Ramji (48) who managed to save himself was caught while trying to flee. He used to charge Rs 2 per head from passengers and he usually ferried overloaded boats, the police said.\"He was aware that 18 people on board could lead to some tragedy but took the risk. His negligence caused the accident. We have booked him under Section 304 of IPC (death due to negligence) and have arrested him,\" said Joginder Singh Chaudhary, circle inspector, Chitari police station.All the deceased were natives of Chitari and nearby villages, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12618160", "title": "Line doubling work on track", "text": "HUBLI: Ashok Kumar Mital, general manager of South Western Railway (SWR) said that after completion of doubling work at Arsikere-Chikkajajur tracks, more number of trains will run between Hubli and Bangalore. Speaking to mediapersons here on Tuesday, he said Arsikere-Chikkajajur railway line is busy line as it connects to Mangalore, Shimoga, Hubli and Bangalore. \"After the completion of doubling, we can run more number of trains to clear the rush of passengers. Bangalore-Tumkur line of 70km doubling has completed and the remaining work will be finished soon,\" he said.For the new lines, doubling, and other works SWR needs 2,700 acres and already 2,200 acres have been acquired, he said.On the performance of SWR during the financial year 2011-12, Mital said the number of passengers carried has increased by 7.41 per cent to 184.7 million from 171.95 million and the originating passenger earnings also increased by 8.32 per cent to Rs 1,155.47 crore from Rs 1,066.75 crore.As a result of ban imposed on iron ore mining, the originating freight earning is Rs 2,268.4 crore, which is 18.58 per cent less than the previous year's earnings, Mital added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12616474", "title": "\u2018H1N1 cases may show up occasionally in future\u2019", "text": "PUNE: The current swine flu spurt may recur from time to time over the next two or three years. Occasional cases in H1N1 infection are likely to occur along with seasonal changes, said Avdesh Kumar, assistant director general, Union ministry of health and family welfare. A team of experts from New Delhi, headed by Kumar, are in Pune to study the pattern of swine flu virus infection currently prevailing in the city and surrounding areas.\"There is no need to panic. People need to exercise precautionary measures to ward off the infection,\" said Kumar.The team's objectives are to study the pattern of swine flu infection, ground reality vis-a-vis swine flu cases and how the cases are being handled at hospitals in Pune. The team visited different clinical establishments including Naidu Hospital, Sassoon Hospital and the Aundh Civil Hospital to get familiar with the swine flu situation in Pune.\"It was a routine visit. The swine flu data collated from Pune and other parts of the country will be analysed to understand the pattern of infection, which is at present not at all alarming,\" said Kumar.Compared to the swine flu pandemic scenario in 2009, the virus is not as active now and there is no significant mutation, he added.Among the team's members were the chief medical officer and the consultant epidemiologist of the Integrated Disease Surveillance Programm.Union health minister Gulab Nabi Azad was scheduled to visit Pune on Monday to take stock of the current swine flu scenario. However, his visit was cancelled. The main objective of the expert team was to gather data and update the health minister about the swine flu scenario in Pune during his visit, said a state health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12618165", "title": "Dhanbad man among hostages held by pirates", "text": "DHANBAD: A 25-year-old city youth, Jitenedra Sao, is among the 17 Indians held hostage by Somalian pirates for the past one month. His family got a message about him on Sunday.Jitendra, son of a retired BCCL employee Gaya Sao, had ventured on the ship carrying oil from Saudi Arabia for the US on March 3. As the ship reached the Somalia water territory, it was hijacked by the pirates.Jitendra's younger brother Premchand Sao, who is a student at Indian School of Learning at Jharia, said they received a message about the hijacking two days back. They were given some mobile numbers to collect details about Jitendra. He is a marine engineer on board the Crewline ship run by East India Company.The shipping company has asked the parents to come to New Delhi and approach the Prime Minister and the external affairs minister for securing release of the hostages. In all 40 crew members, including 17 Indians, have been held captive. Jitendra is the only crew member on board the hijacked ship from Eastern India.The kidnapped marine engineer had his schooling at Jharia and then went to Chennai for the course in marine engineering. He had joined the company in January this year and this was his first tour on the marine ship. His younger brother who stays at N B Siding Colony of Dhansar said the parents shifted to Nakura village in Aurangabad after his father retired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12617161", "title": "'Free Tibet' activists in North East vow to intensify movement", "text": "GUWAHATI: Leading citizens and Tibetan refugees living in the northeast have appealed to the people of Assam and India to pressure international organisations to pursue the issue of Tibet freedom. Speakers from different walks of life vowed to take forward the movement to 'liberate Tibet from Chinese occupation' and further intensify the 'Free Tibet' movement which gained momentum in Assam last month.At a public meeting held at the Guwahati Press Club, which was also attended by several of Tibetan refugees from Shillong , the speakers argued that a 'progressive government' in Lhasa will be beneficial for nearly 60 million people of the northeast. Most of the speakers said Tibet is a distinctive entity and the country has been 'illogically' occupied by China since 1950.\"Illegal occupation of Tibet by the Chinese regime must end. We, the people of Tibet, and the Dalai Lama are followers of ahimsa and will protest in a democratic way in India to liberate Tibet. I have been born and brought up in Shillong, but would like to die in Tibet. Today, the Tibetan people can't protest in their own land. Various websites have been banned by the Chinese regime and massive violation of human rights is going on in Tibet. The numbers of self-immolation victims protesting against Chinese occupation have touched 30. For the sake of better education and healthcare Tibet must be freed and we will continue this fight unto death\", said Psering Dolma, general secretary of Regional Women Tibetan Association.The meeting started with a minute's silence to pay homage to the martyrs who had sacrificed their lives with self-immolation for the cause of Tibet. Extending moral support to the movement, the meet, attended by several civil society groups, unanimously called on the Tibetan youth not to take the path of self-immolation. The meeting, also attended and addressed by Tenzing Pelyoung, Chomphel, Ajay Dutta, musician Kisore Giri among others, resolved to send a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh urginh him to back the movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12617273", "title": "7-day deadline for Garo National Liberation Army militants to surrender", "text": "SHILLONG: The Meghalaya police on Tuesday issued an ultimatum to the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) to vacate its 'general camp' and surrender before the authorities with weapons within seven days or face the consequences. The move comes days after four cadres of the militant outfit were killed in one of the several conducted in their hideouts.N Ramachandran, director general of police, warned: \"The inmates of these camps have been given a week time to surrender with whatever weapons they have. After this deadline, police will have no option but to use force to destroy these camps.\"As the GNLA is armed with sophisticated weapons, the police will have to lethal weapons. The police have information that the general camp of the GNLA has, apart from some armed militants, a large number of unarmed youngsters. The Meghalaya Police has been refraining from attacking the general camp to avoid harm to the young ones,\" the DGP said.Emphasizing that the police have so far been exercising \"utmost restraint\" while carrying out operations against the militants to avoid collateral damage and civilian casualties, the police chief, pointed out that the GNLA has been perpetrating violence and resorting to \"barbaric killings\" of innocent citizens, kidnappings for ransom and extortion of money in the name of welfare of the Garo people. \"However, it is now well known that GNLA leaders have been looking after their own welfare, enriching themselves, making personal investments and stashing away huge amounts of money in neighbouring countries,\" he said.Ramachandran also revealed that the police have information about certain 'respectable\" citizens of the state who are collecting money on behalf of the militants as agents and middlemen. \"What is most damaging is that the militant group has been recruiting innocent youngsters and destroying their lives. Many of them are teenagers at an impressionable age and are unable to make informed decisions. This is blatant exploitation of our children for profit of a few persons. If allowed to continue, this may result in massive damage to our society in the future,\" the top cop said.Urging citizens of the state to inform the police about the presence of militant groups in any area, Ramachandran said: \"People are also advised to keep away from militant camps and avoid giving them support by way of rations, medical assistance, mobile phones etc to avoid arrest and prosecution. The GNLA has been declared a terrorist outfit and assisting and aiding such an organization is a serious offence under the law,\" he cautioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12616268", "title": "2 staffers dupe bank of Rs 1cr", "text": "GUNTUR: A cashier and jewellery appraiser duped the bank in which they were working by allegedly siphoning off over Rs 1 crore by pledging imitation jewellery under benami names. Both the suspects are on the run after the fraud came to light during an internal audit.M Gopalakrishna, chairman and managing director of Chaitanya Godavari Grameena Bank (CGGB), said they would file a case against cashier Prasad and gold appraiser Rajagopalachari, who were working for CGGB at Mutkur branch in Durgi mandal. \"We have to verify the records, including those pertaining to the loans granted against patta as counter guarantee,\" a bank official said.Senior officials said the duo gave loans to the tune of Rs 9 crore to local farmers in the last two seasons. Of the nearly 1,871 farmers who were given loans, several names were found repeatedly in the records during the audit. The audit team stumbled upon more than 40 such names. The team grew suspicious and called another jewellery appraiser to examine the ornaments pledged with the bank.To their shock, the appraiser confirmed that the jewellery pledged by 40 of the farmers were fake. The auditors immediately alerted the senior officials, including the bank chairman. Sensing trouble, both Prasad and Chari vanished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12616011", "title": "Businessman died in road accident: Cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Tuesday confirmed that the 40-year-old businessman's death in Pahadishareef on Monday night was not a communal incident and it was indeed a road accident.Brick kiln owner Shivaiah of Sri Nagar near Imamguda was found dead on the road near Weaker Section's Colony in Balapur on Monday night. Suspecting that he was hacked to death by communal elements, locals gathered at the spot in large numbers and soon political leaders also started arriving there. However, after talking to Shivaiah's relative, Sekhar, who was accompanying him, police confirmed that the death was a result of a road accident. \"On Tuesday, doctors who conducted the postmortem at Osmania Genaral Hospital said that Shivaiah died due to multiple injuries, including severe head injury and fracture of the rib cage. They said the nature of injuries indicate that the victim died in a road accident and not due to an attack with a sharp weapon,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Shamshabad, G Sudheer Babu said.Police also recorded the statement of Sekhar, who was riding the bike, who said that the bike had skidded when he applied sudden brakes. As they fell from the two-wheeler, a heavy vehicle coming from the opposite direction hit Shivaiah, he said. Based on Sekhar's statement and preliminary postmortem report, a case was booked under Section 304-A (causing death by rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12616959", "title": "'BJP workers interfering in panchayat poll process'", "text": "PANAJI: An assembly election victory under their belt, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) supporters are now allegedly interfering in the election process to the 185 panchayats. Panchayat elections are likely to be held on May 16.BJP supporters with the help of MLAs are allegedly pressurizing various panchayat secretaries and block division officers (BDO) to delimit wards as per their whims and fancies.Keri resident Venkat Rane, who visited the panchayat department on Tuesday to complain about major changes to delimitation of wards said, \"Panchayat director has issued specific directions to BDOs and panchayat secretaries to complete delimitation according to the geographical area of the ward but now local BJP politicians in connivance with the panchayat secretary and BDOs have altered delimitation of wards as notified on March 31.\"Former Mayem panch Anand Naik had a similar allegation. \"According to the delimitation issued on March 31, panchayat department has reserved wards 3, 4, 7 and 9 for women but actually it should have been 3, 4, 7 and 11. Last time ward number 9 was reserved for women so too this time. This is purposely done by local BJP leaders,\" Naik said.BJP general secretary Narendra Sawaikar countered this and said, \"Panchayat elections are not fought on party lines and there is no question of BJP manipulating the panchayat election process. BJP is always against manipulation and we want free and fair elections.\"Panchayat department had issued delimitation of wards on March 31 and sent this to panchayat secretaries and BDOs for verification before publishing the final roll. \"The final roll for panchayat elections will be published by the end of this week,\" panchayat director Menino D'Souza said.So far around four public interest litigations have been filed in court to challenge the delimitation of wards done by BDOs and panchayat secretaries.\"We are approaching high court of Bombay at Goa,\" said a resident of Chicalim, who preferred to remain anonymous for the moment. \"Last time my ward was reserved for women. This time, by interchanging the ward numbers, it is again reserved for women,\" he added. He too was at panchayat department on Tuesday to complain about changes in the wards in Chicalim.Speaking to TOI panchayat minister Laxmikant Parsekar said \"If there are any discrepancies then that person should immediately bring this to the notice of the panchayat director and accordingly the director will inquire into the matter.\"Elections to 1483 wards in 185 village panchayat are due by May 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12617383", "title": "Seminar on economic theory", "text": "The Proutist Universal organised a symposium on Shri Prabhat Ranjan Sarkar's socio-economic theory on April 8 at Moulali Yuba Kendra. The programme kicked off with Prabhat Samgiita. Pranav Kumar Chattopadhayay, former professor of economics at Kalyani University's economics department, Prof. Bhaskar Purakayanstha of Herrumbachandra College and Dilip Kumar Halder, former professor of economics at Jadavpur University,'s department of economic Dilip Kumar Halder were present at the programme and gave their lectures. The welcome speech was delivered by Acharya Sugatanananda Avadhuta, central publication secretary of Ananda Marga Pracharak Samgha, gave the welcome speech at the programme.Meet on women's welfare: The International Mission for Social Welfare and Charity recently organised an awareness programme their 32nd anniversary on women's economic, social and political empowerment, special primary school education, protection of women from domestic violence, abuse and prevention of women trafficking. It was organized to mark their 32nd anniversary. Hundreds of women participated in the three-day programme. In the first two days, the programme was organised at two different districts of Uttar Pradesh and on the third day it was programme was held at North 24-Parganas in West Bengal. The organisation held awareness programmes on several issues and also distributed text books, lanterns, reading lamps, pens and other items for free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12615749", "title": "Fresh Jharkhand Rajya Sabha polls on May 3", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission (EC) on Tuesday announced fresh dates for the biennial election to the two Rajya Sabha seats from Jharkhand which was countermanded after Rs 2.15 crore cash was found from a relative of an Independent candidate. The re-poll will be held on May 3.A notification for the polls will be issued on April 16, beginning the nomination process. On March 31, President Pratibha Patil had rescinded the earlier notification following EC's recommendation, citing the use of money power and horse-trading in the March 30 poll.The last date of filing nomination is April 23, and scrutiny will be held the next day. The EC has fixed April 26 as the last date for withdrawal of nominations.On Monday, the EC wrote to the department of personnel and training (DoPT) seeking a CBI probe into the allegations of buying of votes in the Jharkhand RS polls.The Jharkhand High Court on April 5 had directed the poll watchdog to get the countermanded RS election probed by the CBI. BJP leader Yashwant Sinha had demanded a CBI inquiry into the allegations and had said that the probe should cover the MLAs who proposed the candidature of Independents. In its letter, the EC described the events that led to countermanding the RS poll in Jharkhand. It also cited past instances, including Jharkhand and Odisha RS polls in 2010, which were \"vitiated\" by allegations of horse-trading and use of money power.In both the cases, the EC had ordered the state governments to probe allegations of abuse of money power and horse-trading. But, there was \"hardly any progress\" in the investigation by the state police in Jharkhand and Odisha.In the 2010 RS poll, the EC had directed the Jharkhand chief secretary to initiate criminal proceedings against six MLAs following allegations of horse-trading and use of money power.There were similar allegations in 2010 Odisha RS poll, too. Last August, the EC ahd directed the Odisha government to probe and lodge and FIR against those involved in the `horse-trading' during the 2010 RS polls. Abstention of two Congress and one BJP MLA had helped the ruling BJD win all the three seats in the RS polls in June, 2010. Certain MLAs were shown in a sting operation \"demanding huge amounts of money from some candidates for voting in their favour\" the EC noted in its letter to the DoPT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12618383", "title": "35-yr-old tailor hangs self to death", "text": "KANPUR: A 35-year-old tailor allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself at his house in Bagahi area under Babupurwa police station late on Monday night.The deceased was identified as Kamta Prasad, a tailor at a tent house shop and a resident of Bagahi area. His widow Savitri claimed her husband was depressed due to acute financial constraints, informed Babupurwa police.Meanwhile, the irate family members of two victims who died in a road accident on late Monday night created a ruckus on the highway in Ghatampur police area on Tuesday.A man, Shiv Baran (28), a resident of Lahramau Fatehpur and his relative Chiddu (40), a resident of Badagaon in Hamirpur district, were killed in the road accident after being hit by a loader. The two were riding a motorcycle when they met with the accident near Paras Nauranga in Ghatampur area on late Monday night.Meanwhile, family members of both the victims reached the highway and alleged that the police were not taking the matter seriously. They were also furious that the police had not been able to make a breakthrough in the case. The situation was brought under control only after the arrival of senior police officials including SP, rural, AK Rai , who assured the agitators of prompt action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616154", "title": "2 held for bid to sell Indian Premier League tickets in black", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons planning to sell IPL tickets for more than twice their original price were arrested on Tuesday. Cops have recovered 50 tickets costing between Rs 400 and Rs 1200 from the accused, which they had bought from the Indian Premier League website. One of the accused sells movie tickets in black outside cinema halls, said police.Cops received information that two persons would be selling IPL tickets on the eve of the match between Delhi Daredevils and Chennai Super Kings at Feroz Shah Kotla scheduled. The accused - identified as Vijay Kumar Jha (31) and Mohammad Khalid (25) - were arrested on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12615950", "title": "Committee hearing on third Metro line likely to be stormy", "text": "MUMBAI: There are likely to be stormy presentations to the committee holding public hearings for the plan for the third line of the Metro with citizens' groups asking for a merger of the second and third line, forming one underground line from Cuffe Parade to Charkop.The JVPD Residents' Association, which had fought for the second line of the Metro from Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd to be underground instead of being elevated, has brought up a plan for merging the two lines which they claim will benefit the city.This new line planned by activist Nitin Killawala's firm of architects and planners envisages a fully underground line from Cuffe Parade-Bandra-Charkop a distance of 37 km.The hearing will be held on Wednesday for the third line which is planned to be underground from Colaba-Bandra-Seepz and is expected to cost Rs 21,000 crores. The Mumbai Metropolitan Region DevelopmentAuthority (MMRDA) is taking no chances and will be holding the hearing at the BKC under tight supervision.The JVPD Association, the H-West Ward Citizens Trust, AGNI and the Linking Road Residents' Association have objected to the elevated route of the second line from Andheri to Bandra and has called for an underground route.The MMRDA had earlier rejected pleas for having an underground route as it would be too expensive and not technically feasible.In his letter to MMRDA, Killawalla said, \"We compliment the government's initiative in implementing the fully underground 34-km-long Colaba-Seepz metroline after the disastrous experience of the elevated metroline (from Versova to Ghatkopar), which is nowhere near completion, missing every deadline till date.''Bandra activists are backing the JVPD residents. Shyama Kulkarni of AGNI said they are fully behind the new plan.The elevated route of the second line had run into trouble as it would involve the resettlement of residences and commercial establishments in the JVPD areas and the crowded Linking Road area.Residents' associations have objected to the elevated route of the second line from Andheri to Bandra and have called for an underground route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12616043", "title": "Minor girl raped by fiance\u2019s father", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 13-year-old girl was impregnated allegedly by her would-be father-in-law in Shamshabad. Jayaram, 40, a farmer from Pedatupra village of Shamshabad, had fixed his son Samya's marriage with the victim from the same village, a year ago.\"After both the families agreed for the marriage, the girl started working at Jayaram's farm. He raped her seven months ago. After committing the offence, he threatened the girl not to reveal it to anyone,\" Shamshabad inspector Ch Anjaiah said.A week ago, the girl's mother noticed changes in her daughter's body and took her for medical examination. The doctors confirmed that the girl was pregnant following which she told her family about the rape. Subsequently, the girl's family approached community leaders and Jayaram agreed to marry the girl and give the family Rs 2.5 lakh.However, after a few days, Jayaram refused to abide by the agreement. On Tuesday, the girl's mother approached Shamshabad police. Based on a complaint, a case was booked against Jayaram under Section 376 (rape) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the victim was sent for a medical exam. A manhunt has been launched to nab Jayaram, who is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12617079", "title": "Silence shrouds Jamini Roy's 125th birth anniversary", "text": "KOLKATA: Handy reckoner Wikipaedia says that April 11 is the birthday of Jamini Roy. Going by the tithi on the lunar calendar his family members say it is Poila Baisakh - that is, April 14. Neither of them dispute his birth year - 1887. And that means it is the 125th anniversary of the most toasted name of 20th century Indian art (of the leading light of Bengal art). But where's the buzz about the landmark event in the city he lived, worked in and brought fame to?Roy's granddaughter Sanghamitra, herself an art collector, could not sit back and let the momentous occasion go by. \"I expected the state and other organisations to commemorate the occasion but I hear nothing,\" she shared her shock with The Times of India. \"This was not the case during my grandfather's centenary, when even the Centre had come forward to celebrate the occasion,\" Sanghamitra said, underscoring the expectations of every art lover on his 125th birthday.The city's art community is also taken aback by the lack of preparations to mark the anniversary of the artist who has been extensively exhibited in international forums, toasted in auctions and collected even by museums like V&A;, London. Roy, who won the Viceroy's gold medal in 1934 and was conferred the Padma Bhushan in 1954, is often dubbed the father of modern Indian art because he was the first to break away from the European and Oriental styles that were rages of his time, and return to his essentially Bengali roots.Modernism in Indian art was ushered in by Bengal artists like Ram Kinkar, Benode Behari and Rabindranath Tagore. However, moving away from both, Western academism and Bengal School's sentimentalism, he drew from the bold lines and swathes of colours that marked the robust art of the patuas - the patachitra painters of his hometown Bankura, the native wooden dolls, and the terracotta temples of Bishnupur. The subjects ranged from the universal Mother and Child to the Last Supper, from Gopinis to Cats with Cray Fish. His attempt was to capture the simplicity and immediacy of the folk art, in order to make it accessible to his own people as much as to the foreigners and soldiers visiting the city during the War years.Not surprisingly, his art was hailed by international art critics as \"a national art ... free from the sophisticated tradition of other countries that have had a continuous art history\". Pointing out its true significance they agreed that \"those reviving Indian art are not commonly appreciated by those who assume that ... revival means no more than return to methods and traditions of the past. That would create a school of copyists without visions and ideals of their own,\" The Statesman wrote in 1929.Roy enjoyed the patronage of the avant-garde poets Bishnu Dey and Sudhindranath Dutta, influential art critic Shahid Suhrawardy, civil servant Gurusaday Dutt, and author-art critic Govindaraj Venkatachalam. Art authority Stella Kramrisch led the list of his foreign admirers followed by John Irwin, aide-de-camp to the then governor of Bengal, Bombay-based Austrian critic Rudi von Leyden, British biologist JBS Haldane, novelist E M Forster among others.\"After his death, none other than Indira Gandhi arranged to buy all his paintings that we had at home,\" rues Sanghamitra. These now form a section dedicated to Jamini Roy at Delhi's National Gallery of Modern Art. \"Sadly, we lack a museum or a gallery dedicated to him in this city!\" she adds.\"It is indeed sad that such a landmark event was going unnoticed,\" said artists close to the state government. Thanking TOI for taking up the issue, they said they would request chief minister Mamata Banerjee for a year-long celebration. \"We need to find out if Roy's creations are lying in neglect and recover them for preservation,\" said Shuvaprasanna, a key adviser on culture. \"With these we can start a museum or a gallery. We should also plan an illustrated book on Roy's life, works and unique, inimitable style,\" he added.Shuvaprasanna, who chairs the heritage commission, plans to amend the existing rules to bring art and cultural heritage within its purview, along with its present jurisdiction of built heritage. Roy's art would be a fit subject for preservation since the unconventional artist painted on everyday items like chatai, jute bags and newspapers. Rejecting oil paint for tempera and homegrown materials, he created pigments from local rock dust, mercury, alluvial mud, tamarind seeds, indigo and common chalk, mixed with egg white for binder. This restricted his palette to seven colours: Indian red, yellow ochre, cadmium, green, vermilion, grey blue and white, while his deceptively simple outlines were derived from lamp black.Jogen Chowdhury, another key adviser to the state government, concurred that a museum on Roy is a must. \"He had the boldness to walk his own walk and go forth to the world with a truly indigenous canvas. Art afficionados the world over relate to his paintings with everything Indian. This was a single-handed achievement.\" Artists of Bengal should not only urge the government to celebrate the occasion but also celebrate him in our own way, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "raigad/vasai", "code": "12616068", "title": "Miners call for ban on suction pumps", "text": "RAIGAD/VASAI: The menace of illegal sand mining with the use of suction pumps has not only affected the environment but also the livelihood of traditional sand miners. On Tuesday, over 4,000 men and women engaged in manually drawing sand from river beds took a morcha to the Vasai tehsildar's office to demand for a ban on suction pumps and criminal action against pump users.\"The basic rule of no dredging (even using traditional methods) within 500m of the Vaitarna and Bhayander bridges is violated day and night. At this rate, it won't be too long before the foundation of these bridges become weak,\" said Mahesh Mangela, member of the Jai Bhavani Reti Utpadak Sahkari Sanghatana,Virar, an organization of traditional sand lifters.The Sanghatana had, in December 2011, moved the Bombay high court against the use of suction pumps. The matter is slated for hearing on April 19. Manual miners alleged that the dredging had the 'blessing' of the state revenue department as the use of suction pumps was no longer restricted to late nights. \"Under the Vaitarna bridge, suction pumps draw sand round the clock, that too under the nose of a police chowkie,\" said Mangela. The PIL was filed after soil erosion near Vaitarna bridge threw Western Railway traffic out of gear for two days during the monsoon last year.\"We have submitted Google maps photos showing rampant shrinking of mangroves due to illegal dredging at Vaitarna and Bhayander,\" said Mangela. Around 1,500 boats in Vasai-Virar and Palghar belts are engaged in manual sand lifting. While they manage to draw around 400 sq ft of sand daily, suction pumps can draw sand to fill over 150 trawlers a day. In Raigad district, illegal sand mining continues unchecked even after last week's incident at Roha, where an on-duty tehsildar was threatened at gun-point by a local NCP leader at a mining site.\"I have noticed that illegal suction pumps are used all over Roha and Mahad regions for sand mining. Now, even beaches like Kihim and Awas have not been spared by illegal sand miners,\" said activist Sumaira Abdulali. Environmentalist D Stalin of the NGO Vanashakti added, \"It is an open secret that most of the money from sand mining business goes to politicians or is invested as black money in real estate properties.\"Manual sand miners at Vasai-Virar alleged that the powerful sand cartels of Virar, Ulhasnagar and Mumbai had greased palms of various government agencies to turn a blind eye. Miner Vaman Gana Patil said, \"A few cases are registered and suction pumps are seized to present before the court. In reality, illegal sand mining is an all-time high.\" An illegal road has even been constructed to ferry sand near rail bridge number 92 over the Vaitarna creek. No action has been taken so far.When TOI contacted state environment secretary Valsa Nair Singh, she said she was on leave for three weeks. However, she added that strict environmental guidelines are in place to ensure proper procedure for sand mining.Times ViewIt's stupid to think that illegal sand mining is a profitable business. It may rake in money for the construction industry in the short term but the damage it does to the environment as well as the tourism industry could be catastrophic. Tourism contributes heavily to Maharashtra's revenue and to the income of people living along the coast; the prolonged use of suction pumps to mine sand can destroy our beaches and turn off tourists forever. But the damage to the environment - erosion of the coast and the risk to marine and amphibian flora and fauna - is of far graver consequence. A coordinated crackdown on illegal suction pumps is the need of the hour and there must be permanent vigil to prevent them from returning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12618364", "title": "Continuing ban on cotton export worries state traders", "text": "INDORE: The government's decision not to lift the ban on cotton export, which was effected from March 3, has sent a shock wave among the cotton traders of the country. The announcement to this effect was made by Union commerce and textile minister Anand Sharma at the concluding session of the empowered group of ministers' meeting in New Delhi on Monday.Talking to ToI, Dhanraj Lunia, one of the leading commission agents of cotton in the state based in Indore, said that only the textile mills were purchasing cotton that too for their own consumption at present.\"We are also not purchasing any fresh stock of cotton from the cotton growers in the state from March 3 itself since when the ban on cotton exports became effective,\" he said. However, he added that nearly 13 lakh bales have already been exported from the state during the current season, which was almost equal to the amount of cotton which was exported during the last cotton season, which begins in October and lasts up to September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616026", "title": "Cops to get night vision cameras to check speeding", "text": "NEW DELHI: After trying in vain to discipline night traffic with special drives, police now hope to put the fear of prosecution into violators with powerful cameras. Quick, quiet and working round the clock, these devices have successfully completed trials and are likely to be installed on important roads soon.Joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg told TOI, \"The trials of these cameras have been successful and they will be installed as soon as we get a nod from the ministry of home affairs. These cameras will work round the clock, and every speeding violation will be recorded\".At present, traffic police cannot measure the speed of a vehicle at night, due to which violators get away with dangerous driving. \"Our prosecution drive against speeding in the last few days has yielded results and we are sure that prosecution during night hours will be really helpful too,\" said Garg.To begin with, police plan to install 70 of these night vision speed cameras that can record a violation and route a report to the server immediately so that a challan can be sent to the violator the very next day by Speed Post.Police have already identified sensitive roads where these 70 cameras will be installed, such as Nelson Mandela Marg, Lodhi Road, Ring Road, National Highway-1 and Salimgarh bypass.In their recent crackdown using interceptors, police have already prosecuted 4,925 drivers, of whom 3977 were found speeding.The cameras emit and detect infrared beams to capture the registration number of a vehicle. They calculate speed by recording the time taken by a vehicle to cross two points on a road. The cameras work well during daytime and at night, said Garg.Of the chosen roads, Lodhi Road will get six cameras, NH-8 will get eight, Ring Road six at two locations, Salimgarh bypass 6-7 cameras, and NH-1 another 5-6. The Rs 12 crore project has been cleared by Delhi Police and now awaits clearance from the ministry of home affairs.Police are on their toes since April 2 when they started a special drive to check speeding in Delhi. Ten interceptor vehicles have been positioned on roads like Nelson Mandela Marg, NH-1, NH-24, NH-8, Salimgarh bypass, Ring Road, New Rohtak Road, Dwarka and near Chandgi Ram Akhara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12618148", "title": "Action against illegal mining", "text": "North Chhotonagpur division commissioner Nitin Madan Kulkarni, at a meeting here on Tuesday, instructed all deputy commissioners and superintendents of police in the region to take staunch action against anyone involved in illegal mining and stone cutting. Kulkarni also directed the local DC to find out how the Damodar Valley Corporation was functioning without paying royalty for the last several years. He also criticized the NHAI and the road construction department for allowing the illegal construction of speed breakers on the NH-33. tnnThis has increased the number of accidents on the highway and instructed officials to remove illegally-constructed speed breakers.In the meeting, Kulkarni discussed the construction of the Hazaribag-Barkagaon-Tandwa and Hazaribag-Katkumsandi-Chatra roads and the problems in shifting or removal of water lines, electric poles and transformers in the town which will fall in the way of the constructionss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mohuramukh", "code": "12617423", "title": "Education hope for flood-hit areas", "text": "MOHURAMUKH: The Right to Education Act has brought cheers into the miserable lives of villagers living on the banks of the Brahmaputra in Assam's Golaghat district as they are are under constant threat of floods and erosion. Education and economic empowerment are the latest buzzwords in the villages, courtesy the landmark law, dotting the south bank of the river and inhabited predominantly by Mishing tribals in the Bokakhat sub-division of the district.A project has been undertaken to provide access to quality education to children of the Mishing community, the coordinator of the project for Golaghat district, Gautam Dutta, said. Stating that education is the biggest casualty of the twin problems of flood and land erosion in the area. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12616456", "title": "Women\u2019s bank ties up with Clinton Global Initiative", "text": "PUNE: About 37,000 women account holders of the Satara-based Mann Deshi Mahila Bank, many of whom run small business units, will be trained to expand their business and become more professional with the help of entrepreneurship prog-rammes of Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) set up by former US president Bill Clinton.The initiative would introduce the members to venture capitalists, technical advisers and legal experts who will guide them in expanding their business with the aim that at least 1% of the 37,000 women achieve the basic parameter of growth in their business, in the first year.Addressing a news conference here on Tuesday, Chetana Sinha, founder chairman of Mann Deshi Mahila Bank, said, \"The partnership with CGI will connect Mann Deshi women with various global players who are into marketing, imparting training and technical advice. Mann Deshi Chamber of Commerce for Rural Women in India (MCCRW) will be formed as part of the initiative. The Chamber will offer legal and technical advice, consultancy for improving productivity, bringing down production and operational cost, enhancing production and service among others.\"The Chamber will be launched officially on April 13 at Mhaswad, the headquarters of the bank. The bank already runs a business school with the support of HSBC, where professional skills are imparted to rural women.Rekha Kulkarni, chief executive officer of the bank, said, \"Availability of sufficient funds has remained a problem; hence Mann Deshi bank decided to tie up with CGI. Our association with CGI will develop confidence about our work among various organizations and venture capitalists.\" The bank will keep a record of women's groups that will participate and their progress will be assessed after completion of one year, she said.Mann Deshi Mahila Bank was founded by Sinha some years ago in Mann tehsil of Satara district for emancipation and empowerment of women. The bank started offering loans to women and encouraged them to start business units like making conventional food items and other activities like tailoring, production of spices and paper cups among others.The cumulative turnover of these groups is to the tune of a few crores, but these women's groups still lack in professional skills required for further business growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12617448", "title": "Tracing the legacy of Dutch in India", "text": "KOCHI: If you were to draw a map of Kochi today, it would look exactly like this, said Bauke van der Pol, pointing to a map of Fort Kochi drawn by the Dutch settlers more than 400 years ago. Pol, an anthropologist from Netherlands, has been travelling around India for the last four decades, painstakingly collecting information on the history and heritage of the Dutch East India Company.His work has resulted in a book, De VOC in India, a richly illustrated volume that guides the reader through the Dutch forts, cemeteries, settlements, villages and influences in India. , from Surat on the west coast to Kolkata on the east.A chapter is dedicated to Kochi and its Dutch connections.As a historian, Pol has guided foreign tourists many times through the Kochi streets explaining the footprints left by his ancestors here. \"This is one place where the Dutch legacy is still visible and well protected, even after several centuries\" he said. Kochi was a major trading centre for the Dutch in South India.The Dutch fort in Mattanchery, Udayagiri fort and cemetery are some major remnantsof the Dutch period. \"Elevated places in Kochi like Holland Bastion, Thakur House and Bishop's House are the vestiges of the fort,\" said Pol. \"Since Dutch were much interested in the flora and fauna of the area, many streets here were named after flowers like Rose (Roose straadt) and Lily (Lelij straadt) and many still retain them,\" he added.Hortus Malabaricus, the first treatise on medicinal plants in Kerala, was compiled by Hendrik Van Rheede and its original copy written in Latin is still displayed at Leiden University in the Netherlands. \"Rheede died in Surat while on his way back to his country and his grave can be seen at Katragam Darwaja in Surat,\" he said.De Lannoy was a Dutch official who made great contributions to the Travancore army. He was captured at the Battle of Colachel in which the Dutch were defeated by the army of Marthandavarma. Later, Lannoy was appointed as the chief captain (valiya kappithan) of the Travancore navy. Descendents of Lannoy still live in Amsterdam .Pol also also chronicled the lives of ordinary Dutch men and women who came to India. as carpenters, masons, soldiers and traders. \"They left their footprint as you see names like Burgerstraadt (citizen street) in many Dutch settlements in India\", he said. The influence worked both ways. Traditional Dutch clothing still has Indian influence in the blue-and-red checked patterns on skirts and shirts. These are called Coromandel clothing. They are used only on special occasions now, and are considered typically Dutch.Pol's connection to Kerala dates back to 1980's when he did his research on pulayas of north Kerala as part of his masters at Free University in the Netherlands. He also wrote a book, 'Mallabaarse Brieven' (Letters from Malabar) about Dutch preacher Jacobus Canter Visscher, who worked in Kochi from 1717 to 1723.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12617531", "title": "Mollywood badly needs good stories, says Dileep", "text": "KANNUR: Cine actor Dileep has said that the film viewers will definitely go to the theatres if there is something different from the run-of-the-mill subjects in the movies.Speaking at the Kannur Press Club here, on Monday, he said the closure of many theatres, especially in the rural areas, is affecting the industry.\"Nowadays people want to see the movies immediately on release. This seems to be affecting the small theatres in rural areas,\" said Dileep. However, he did not support a wide release of all movies as it would adversely impact the industry, which is small compared to Tamil or Telugu film industry.\"But for big budget movies a wide release could be done as initial collection matters a lot. But it is better not to have a wide release of all movies considering the small size of the industry,\" he said.Though he appreciated the other language movies for its variety, Dileep said the release of such movies in the state also affects the Mollywood. He said the dearth of good stories is a major challenge that the Malayalam film industry faces.Talking about his latest film Mayamohini, Dileep said the movie was a major turn in his acting career and he did a lot of preparations to transform as a female character.\"The character was moulded when I expressed my desire to do a female role. But the movie has all the entertainment elements characteristic of my films,\" said Dileep. \"But the influence of the character was such that it haunts me even now I feel sort of admiration for her!\"Dileep is also planning to come out with a sequel of his old hits like CID Moosa.On film stars appearing in advertisements, he said if possible one should endorse a product only if he is confident of the quality of the product.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "12616575", "title": "Inderpal pens his love for nature", "text": "HAIBOWAL: April 21 is a big day for Inderpal Singh Bagga. He is going to release his debut book of poetry, ''Shayad'' in Punjabi Sahit Akademi.And it has taken 20 years of hard work for Bagga to be able to see this day in sight. The book is a collection of 55 poems written on different themes which include nature, love and social issues.Resident of Haibowal, Inderpal said, ''I developed a keen interest in Punjabi literature when I was in college. This interest developed after reading a variety of Punjabi literary books, especially those of Prof Mohan Singh and Amrita Pritam.''And it all started from a passion for writing for this poet. He said, ''I never wrote poems with the aim of publishing them. I would write and later recite these to my close friends.''Inderpal said, ''My friends always appreciated my work and motivated me to publish it. Initially, I refused but a few months ago when I was sitting with my friend S M Sewak and sharing my poems, he convinced me to publish my works.''Audit officer in PAU, Inderpal said, ''Everyday I make it a point to take out time for reading. And whenever I get an idea I pen it immediately in my diary. In my debut work, I have written a lot about nature.'' Talking about his future plans, he said, ''This book has boosted my morale and I would surely come up with my next work soon, I plan to raise a few social issues in my next book.''President of Punjabi Sahit Akademi, Gurbhajan Singh Gill said, ''Inderpal hid his creative skill for a very long time, but I'm happy that now he would present his work to literature lovers.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12617443", "title": "City monorail blueprint on chief minister Tarun Gogoi's table", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday was taken through a presentation on a proposed monorail system for Guwahati by a delegation of the public sector Engineering Projects (India) Ltd, led by its CMD SPS Bakshi. Gogoi said that he is planning to begin works on the he modern and fast mass transport system during the next financial year. \"This high-tech public transport system connecting Guwahati to the Lokapriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport is proposed be taken up in the first phase,\" a source said.The team of engineers submitted a proposal to build the system and also showed Gogoi how it would help ease commuting in the city that has long been besieged by traffic chaos. The chief minister's office said Bakshi pointed out to Gogoi that this system - currently being installed in several major cities across the country - is noiseless and pollution-free and never derails.The monorail is a single rail serving as a track for the transport vehicle and the rail though elevated in most cases can also run at grade, below grade or in subway tunnels. The transport vehicle is either suspended from or move on the single rail and is considered the best option for Guwahati to ease out its traffic woes. Each monorail can carry 1,000 passengers at a time and is the one of the safest and dependable transport system.In his recent budget speech, Gogoi had promised to \"comprehensively address the issue of providing an efficient public transport system\" and a feasibility study of the same would be taken up in next financial year. The city has only two main roads, the GS Road and the RG Baruah Road, with a couple of parallel narrow roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12617766", "title": "Myth busted: Girls on a par with boys in mathematics", "text": "WASHINGTON: The belief that girls are not on a par with boys when it comes to mathematical skills because of biological differences is actually a myth and it stems from a gender bias from school teachers, says a new study.Researchers at the University of Texas at Austin examined data gathered as part of the national Educational Longitudinal Study 2002 and found that teachers tend to rate girls' math abilities lower than those of boys, even when girls' grades and test scores are comparable to boys' .\"We find evidence of a consistent bias against females, which although relatively small in magnitude, suggests that teachers hold the belief that math is just easier for males than it is for females,\" study authors Catherine Riegle-Crumb and Melissa Humphries were quoted as saying by LiveScience.\"The bias teachers reveal against female students may very well be something they are not consciously aware of, but it's usually subtle ,\" said Riegle-Crumb .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12621341", "title": "Aarushi murder case: Court issues non-bailable warrant against Nupur Talwar", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major setback to Nupur Talwar in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case, the special CBI court in Ghaziabad on Wednesday issued a non-bailable warrant (NBW) against her.The court issued the NBW as she failed to appear in court. CBI sources say they have deployed their sources to trace Nupur Talwar.The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is expected to arrest her and produce in the court.Earlier in the day, when Nupur Talwar did not appear in the court, CBI requested the court to issue a NBW against her. In its order, special CBI judge has stated that \"Honourable Allahabad High Court has asked Nupur Talwar to produce herself in the trial court within 30 days , which she did not adhere to. So, NBW is issued against her\".CBI, in its plea, stated that \"NBW should be issued to compel her appearance as she is wilfully evading her appearance in this court\".Nupur's counsel filed an application in the court that stated \"The review petition, which was heard by Supreme Court, on March 26 and after hearing the parties Supreme Court passed the order and issued notice to parties returnable to April 27. It is therefore humbly prayed in these circumstances that applicant could not turn up in this court today and therefore request to provide further date till the outcome of the order of the Supreme Court after the haring on April 27.\"Meanwhile, the next date of hearing in the case has been listed for April 14.Nupur and her husband Rajesh Talwar are facing trial in the four-year-old murder case.The body of Aarushi was found with her throat slit at their Noida residence in May, 2008. The body of their domestic help Hemraj was recovered from the terrace of the house hours later.Investigation in the case was handed over to the CBI following public outrage over shoddy probe by the Uttar Pradesh police.The CBI submitted its closure report last year in which it did not name the Talwar couple as an accused.However, the special court at Ghaziabad decided to go ahead with the trial holding that there was enough evidence against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12617004", "title": "Recruit teachers through Rajasthan Public Service Commission: Oppn, Cong MLAs", "text": "JAIPUR: The demand for a common recruitment test for teachers rocked the state assembly on Tuesday, as two ministers of state and many of the ruling party legislators jointly raised the issue with the Opposition. Tuesday was the last day for filling forms for the teachers' recruitments separately in each district.Congress legislator from Surajgarh (Jhunjhunu), Shrawan Kumar, who raised the matter immediately after the Question Hour, tabled his resignation before Speaker Deependra Singh Shekhawat. The Speaker was yet to take a decision on the resignation, while the state government choose not to make its stand clear on the demand.Deputy leader of Opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari , too, raised the matter through an adjournment motion during Zero Hour. The treasury benches were divided over the matter, as many of its legislators supported the demand for the common recruitment test while others, especially those from the tribal belt of Udaipur division, opposed it.Ministers Raj Kumar Sharma and Rajendra Singh Ghuda, Congress legislators Pratap Singh Khachariawas and Govind Singh Dotasra opposed the government's decision to have district-wise recruitments of teachers through the zila parishads. Congress legislators Prakash Chaudhary and Surendra Singh Jadawat, both from Chittorgarh district, opposed the demand for the common entrance test.The Ashok Gehlot government that devolved powers to the panchayati raj institutions in 2010 had provisioned that the teachers' recruitments would be done district-wise through the zila parishads. The Opposition and a couple of Congress legislators, particularly from the Shekhawati region, had been demanding that the recruitments be made through the Rajasthan Public Service Commission (RPSC).\"District-wise recruitments leave more chances of irregularities and corruption in the recruitment processes. The candidates then move courts and the recruitments get blocked in legalities,\" Tiwari told the House. The Opposition's deputy leader mentioned how over one lakh teachers were \"smoothly\" recruited during the previous BJP government and said even the Supreme Court appreciated that process.Tiwari even stated that the district-wise recruitments might lead to law and order problems in the state.Minister Ghuda summed up the plight of Shekhawati region legislators on the issue. \"If these recruitments are not done through the RPSC, none of us would be re-elected,\" Ghuda said. The demand has been picking up momentum in the Shekhawati region of Sikar, Jhunjhunu and Churu districts that have the highest number of candidates trained in teaching courses.Those who opposed the common entrance test, however, reasoned that the tribal and far-flung under-developed areas suffer when teachers are not recruited district-wise. \"Candidates from the regions like Shekhawati do not serve in the tribal areas and get transferred out of our region using influence,\" said Chaudhary, the Badi Sadri legislator. Chittorgarh legislator Jadawat said district-wise recruitments helped candidates get the job in their native places.Tiwari later suggested that the recruitments be done through the RPSC, while the selected candidates' postings could be done through the zila parishads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620656", "title": "Anil Kapoor &amp; Rajkumar Santoshi to team up", "text": "His dream project Ladies and Gentlemen failed to take off. Later, he was accused of selling the same script to various producers in the Hindi cinema fraternity. Then, a legal complaint was filed against him when a cheque issued by him bounced due to insufficient funds.When adversities engulfed Rajkumar Santoshi, who had given several blockbusters like Ghayal, Damini and Andaz Apna Apna to the Indian audiences, it had been stark. But now, his friend Anil Kapoor had presented a silver lining. Mirror has learnt that the filmmaker will be setting up a team of writers for Kapoor's desi adaptation of the International television series 24.Santoshi, who has a long-standing friendship with with Anil Kapoor and has worked with the actor in Pukaar and Lajja, has undertaken the responsibility to look after the scripting of the series. Delhi Belly maker Abhinay Deo will be directing it.When contacted, Anil Kapoor confirmed the news and said, \"Rajji is helping us as a well wisher. This is not a professional commitment for him and he is a very dear friend.\" Excited about his new project at hand, Rajkumar Santoshi told Mirror, \"I am helping Anil get a team of writers for 24. Within a week, we will be ready. The idea is to get the adaptation correct. I am impressed with Anil's sincerity and commitment towards the show. As a friend, I am simply trying to help him do what is best. I have seen Anil's episodes of the original show. I have also read a few episode scripts of the original American version.\"Kapoor, who plays the role of a middle eastern leader, Omar Hassan, in the original 24, will play the protagonist, anti terror squad leader Jack Bauer in its Indian version. One of Kapoor's favourite Hollywood actors Keifer Sutherland essays the Bauer's character in the American series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12618385", "title": "Power supply in many localities to remain cut", "text": "KANPUR: On Wednesday, Kesco would be carrying out the task of upgrading the capacity of 5 mva transformer at 33 kv Aaloo Mandi substation between 10 am and 5 pm. As a result, the areas connected to the sub-station would face rostering for seven hours.The affected localities are Laxmipurwa, Chandrika Devi, Cooperganj, Deputy Ka Padao, Jhakarkati, Railway Plot, Cooperganj railway colony, Afeem Kothi, Basmandi, Dhankuti, Fahimabad and Coolie Bazaar.Kesco spokesperson AKS Chauhan told TOI that the task is necessary.The affected include some of the business hubs of the city. The rostering would affect the business transactions and day-to-day life.Meanwhile, unscheduled power rostering taking place in various localities has been affecting the people. Between 6 pm and 10 pm, power cuts are reported to be taking place in different localities. The situation is worse in Chamanganj and Cheena Park.Kesco authorities say that there is huge gap between demand and supply and it makes rostering a must. During the summer season, the problem aggravates.The problem of overloading takes place in areas like Chamanganj, Cheena park, Jajmau, Jarib Chauki, Kalyanpur, Naubasta, Kidwai Nagar and Shastri Nagar. This leads to power cut at the local level.On Monday, there was no power in the entire city from 1 pm to 2.15 pm. Thereafter, the power was cut for one hour from 7.50 pm to 8.50 pm. Rostering in the evening adversely affects business and studies. The shopkeepers and students are the worst sufferers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12616559", "title": "'Work on since 2 years'", "text": "LUDHIANA: The civic body had earlier claimed shortage of required police force for evicting the encroachers. After starting its drive in March, MC had to stop midway, due to political intervention, because of which the defaulters were granted a 10-day grace to clear the encroached area. The MC hasn't gone back to removing the encroachments even after a month neither the defaulters have been given any further relaxation.MC commissioner M S Jaggi said, ''Notices have been served on defaulters twice and we are waiting for their reply as we have to dismantle buildings constructed after 1995.'' He said Wednesday would be the last day for defaulters to reply and after that, the illegal structures would be razed after a verification.The commuters, on the other hand, are fed up of traffic snarls on the Jalandhar Bypass because of the ongoing construction. Sarabjeet Singh, a businessman from Model Town, said, ''This work has been on for last two years, but there aren't any signs of completion even now. Only God knows when would it end.''Vandana Sharma, a homemaker who lives at Civil Lines, said it is not safe to drive on the Jalandhar bypass because of the dust rising from the construction. ''The delay in the project gives no hope of a solution to this problem any time soon,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616801", "title": "Supreme Court notice to Kerala on detention of Italian ship", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday sought responses of the Kerala government and Cochin Port Trust (CPT) within 10 days on a plea by owners for the release of the Italian ship Ernika Lexie that has been detained since February 15 after two of its marines allegedly shot dead two fishermen.Appearing for the ship owner, senior advocate K K Venugopal questioned the \"seizure\" of the ship before a bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale. \"The ship has nothing to do with the crime. They took away all that was in the ship,\" the counsel complained.The bench asked, \"How was it a seizure?\" It wanted to examine the seizure report and issued notice to CPT, Union shipping ministry, Kerala government and state police on this issue. The court posted the matter for further hearing on April 20.Venugopal said, \"It is more of an emotive issue. The ship is a one lakh ton tanker. The owners have already lost Rs 200 crore because of being anchored and proceedings could take another three months or more.\" At his request, the Court posted the matter on April 20.The detention of the ship and arrest of the two Italian marines on murder charges had sparked a diplomatic row between India and Italy. On March 29, a single Judge bench of the Kerala High Court had allowed the ship to leave Indian shores. But on an appeal by Dora, wife of killed fisherman Jelastine, on the very next day, a division bench had stayed the single Judge's order.She had apprehended that once the ship was released, the owners could go back on their promise to compensate the families of the victims. She had pleaded for detention of the ship till the investigations were completed.The single bench had ordered release of the ship after the owners furnished a bank guarantee for Rs 3 crore, which was the compensation amount sought by the victims' families. The single Judge had also asked the owners to file an undertaking by the captain and crew of the ship to make them available as and when the investigation required their presence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12616169", "title": "Curfew to be relaxed in 2 Old City areas", "text": "HYDERABAD: Barring stray incidents elsewhere, the third day of curfew in Saidabad and Madannapet passed off peacefully on Tuesday. With the situation improving, police have decided to relax curfew in the two areas on Wednesday between 11 am and 3 pm.Meanwhile, the Central Crime Station (CCS) investigators, who are probing the 26 communal violence cases, claimed they have identified the conspirators, who started the trouble by throwing animal parts at a place of worship in Kurmaguda. Even though arrests are yet to be made in the case, the Special Investigation Team (SIT) has managed to arrest seven persons for their role in four other cases booked at the Madannapet and Saidabad police stations.CCS sleuths have arrested two persons__Yousuf Siddiqui, 24, a bouncer from Chawni, and Mir Mudassar Ali, 24, of Hafeez Baba Nagar for stabbing two brothers of Madhapur when they were travelling on a bike near Madannapet graveyard behind the Chanchalguda women's prison.Based on a complaint lodged by an auto driver of Kurmaguda, police arrested Syed Shakir, 24, an architect from Chanchalguda, for damaging an auto and assaulting the driver near Royal Embassy College.Police nabbed Syed Amjad Ali, 19, a car decor worker, Mohammed Nizam, 22, an AC mechanic of Guddibowli, and Mohammed Dastagir, 30, a tailor of Chawni, for indulging in stone pelting incidents in Kurmaguda.A 20-year-old private employee, M Mallikarjun Reddy, was arrested for stone pelting and damaging RTC buses near Jai Hind Hotel in Saidabad.\"We have also identified the culprit in the Kurmaguda place of worship desecration case, but it is too early to divulge details,\" DCP (Detective department) J Satyanarayana said.Police are using photographs and video footage of the violence to nab the miscreants and the DCP said that the arrests were being made only after gathering evidence.With the latest arrests, the Hyderabad police have so far arrested 14 persons in 27 communal violence- related cases. Of these cases, CCS is probing 26 cases. With police busy in nabbing Sunday's offenders, miscreants continued their attempts to disrupt communal harmony in the city.On Tuesday evening, unidentified persons threw pieces of animal flesh in front of a place of worship in Nandi Musalaiahguda of Bahadurpura police limits. However, police quickly reached the spot, sanitized the area and dispersed the mob.Providing the much-needed relief to citizens in violence-hit areas, Hyderabad police in-charge commissioner Anurag Sharma announced relaxation of curfew in Madannapet and Saidabad between 11 am and 3 pm on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616747", "title": "Zoo to shed old look, new landscape awaits visitors", "text": "LUCKNOW: Modern swings like wave slide, deluxe turbo and landscaping are set to give a new look to the Lucknow zoo. The biggest gainer seems to be the children, as the new-age children's park would replace the old, rickety swings and an uneven, parched ground.\"Re-doing children's park is a part of the massive zoo renovation,\" said Renu Singh, zoo director. The Mayawati government had sanctioned Rs 24.72 crore for zoo renovation last year and the place is set for a new look. Some 100 artistic, stainless steel benches along the pavements and bottle palms lining the roads will make the place more attractive. The renovation is being done by Nirman Nigam. The renovation work is on for almost a year now.Considering that zoo caters to a large section of people for different purposes, the place will be developed to the level of any other state-of-the-art zoo. \"Zoo is not only a place for entertainment, where one can see animals, but it's a place of importance for even the wildlife researchers and botanists,\" said the director.Besides, lot of morning walkers visit the place for its clean and green environs. Under the renovation plan, zoo will get a new boundary wall, CC pavers, stone cladding, bronze gates, better drinking water facility for visitors, better lawns with new variety of grass and even a new office. The place has already got 1,000 bottle palms and an almost equal number of champa trees, which will be planted in the coming plantation season in June-July.To highlight its historical connect, the area around Baradari, in zoo premises will also be improved. Besides, emu and macaw will get new enclosures under the renovation plan. The old structures will be dismantled to give way to the new ones like an improved visitors' room.To add new animals under the exchange programme, zoo authorities have already written to other zoos in the country. Efforts to bring animals like Indian lion, pigtailed macaque, rhinoceros, otters, hoolock gibbon, Niligiri langur, zebra, capuchin monkey, baboon, fox, chinkara, wolf, marmoset monkey and stump-tailed macaque.Though zoo already has some of these animals, new ones have been asked for to bring in the fresh blood. Indore zoo has reverted back, saying it can give a pair of fox in exchange of Pelican, Golden Pheasant, Silver Pheasant and Painted Stork.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12616322", "title": "Singareni moves HC against stay on sand mining", "text": "HYDERABAD: Singareni Collieries Company Ltd (SCCL) on Tuesday filed a petition in the AP high court urging it to modify the stay order imposed on sand mining across the state.Venkatarmanayya, the company's chief of estates, in his petition informed the court the difficulties faced by the company on account of blanket ban imposed by HC on sand quarrying. \"The mines department of the AP state is preventing us from excavating sand from our leasehold areas and this is impacting our coal production,\" he said in his petition. \"We never spoil the ecology in the name of sand mining and in fact the reason for our sand needs is precisely to protect the environment. We need sand to cover the gaps caused by coal excavation and by this way we are safeguarding the environment,\" the petitioner said. Hence, he urged the court to implead Singareni as a party in the case and allow it to mine sand to meet its requirements.Emaar petition withdrawn: The Emaar Boulder Hills Villa owners association, which wanted the HC to modify the earlier order of the court that asked them to pay Rs 15,000 per square yard and get their villa plots registered with the registrations department, on Tuesday withdrew its petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12615820", "title": "\u2018Boulder Hills project caught in legal tussle\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Work on the scam-hit Boulder Hills project cannot be resumed unless the legal tussle with Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation ( APIIC) is resolved, stated Emaar MGF in its reply to the legal notice slapped on it by customers of the Gachibowli project. Taking shelter under the 'force majeure' clause (wherein a contract between two parties stands nullified due to a sudden event, described as an act of God which is beyond the control of both), that it invoked on the venture in April last year, MGF said that the clause was still binding on the property and, therefore, no construction activity could be undertaken at the site.Emaar MGF stated that these facts (about the force majeure clause) were available in the public domain and customers were aware of the same. It further claimed that the charges levied against it (of non-completion of work on time) were baseless. Instead, it blamed customers for non-payment of dues and also hinted that the buyers' decision to \"initiate any legal action to harass and malign\" the real estate group could lead to severe consequences. It added that the developer could at any 'appropriate time' demand the outstanding payments from the buyers.The developer refused to comment further on the state of the Boulder Hills project. MGF stated that all papers pertaining to the project were seized by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for its ongoing probe, and therefore, the developer was not in a position to issue a suitable reply to the legal notice. It assured to do so once the documents were released.Disappointed with the reply of the developer, Boulder Hills' customers are now contemplating moving the AP high court. \"Emaar MGF cannot wash its hands of the matter when they have already collected so much money from us. We will drag the company to court if need be,\" said a customer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616293", "title": "Guesthouse death: Cops probe drug abuse angle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after Manzoor Ahmad, the prime suspect in the French national murder case, was arrested he has made some revelations, police sources said. Ahmad pleaded innocence and accepted that \"he and Laurine had beer in room number 203 of Hindustan guest house on the night of the incident. But the sudden death of Laurine panicked him and he fled from there\".\"Ahmad has claimed that he was good friends with Laurine and did not murder her. He added that everything will be clear when Laurine's autopsy and viscera report will arrive,\" said a senior cop. Police are now looking at the possibility of Laurine taking drug overdose in the hotel room.Ahmad was nabbed from Srinagar and brought to Delhi on three days police custody. Police are not taking his claims too seriously as 'he might be misleading us so that so we do not conclude anything'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12622454", "title": "Anuj Sachdeva to plau the male lead in Phir Subah Hogi", "text": "Model turned actor Anuj Sachdeva has been confirmed to play the lead in Zee TV's upcoming primetime show, Phir Subah Hogi.In the race for this role were popular actors like Mishal Raheja and Neil Bhatt but finally it was the charismatic and talented actor, Anuj who bagged this interesting character. He will play the role of Aditya Babu, a well- educated Thakur who uses his rationale to differentiate between good and evil rather than conforming to pre-conceived notions.The show is based in Bundelkhand, well known for not only its courageous tales and the colorful tradition of 'Bundelas' but also for the famous Bedia tribe known for their folk dance 'Raai' and the prevalent custom of 'Sar Dhakai' in the name of tradition. Phir Subah Hogi traces the journey of 'Sugni', a bedni by birth who wants to break free from this social evil and lead a dignified life.An excited Anuj says, \"This show will prove that life is a bitter sweet symphony. I have a very challenging role in the serial. My character is aware of the plight of Bednis but look down upon them. The character is modern in his approach but still believes in the old school concept of love, is arrogant and yet humane when compared with other members of his clan. The irony of Aditya Babu's life will lie in the fact that eventually he will fall in love with Sugni, a girl who represents the world that he refuses to sympathize with. Aditya Babu is a character filled with layers of contrast and it will definitely put all my acting skills to test.\"Sumit Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12620678", "title": "IIM-C convocation recognizes the brightest minds", "text": "KOLKATA: The Annual Convocation is one of the most important days in the Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta's (IIM-C) academic calendar. The 47th Annual Convocation Ceremony was convened on Monday, the April 2 at the Joka campus. The brightest minds of the management sphere were recognised with diplomas and titles.Kapil Sibal , minister of HRD, Communication &amp; IT was the chief guest. The ceremony was also graced by the presence of Ajit Balakrishnan, CEO of Rediff.com and chairman of IIM Calcutta's Board of Governors. Professor Shekhar Chaudhuri, director of IIMC, spoke on the Annual Report of the institute for the year 2011-2012.Ten students received Fellowships while Diplomas were awarded to successful PGP students, which include 298 in PGDM and 52 in PGDCM. The successful ten Fellowship students were Vivek Rajvanshi and Titas Rudra of Finance &amp; Control group, Soumyajit Kumar of Operations Management group, Soumya Sarkar and Vikas Goyal of Marketing group, Ram Babu Roy of MIS group, Apalak Khatua and Anshuman Tripathy of Behavioural Science group, Indrajit Mukherjee of Strategic Management group and Roohi Gupta of Sociology.\"The country is in need of leaders. We have an incredible dearth of leadership in polity, governance and major financial institutions,\" said Sibal, addressing the 2012-graduating batch of IIM-C.\"The Ministry of Human Resources has requested IIM-C to take the lead in organising a world management conference,\" said Balakrishnan. He added, \"To be held later this year or early next year at the institute's campus; this conference will do for IIMs and Indian management schools what the Literature Festival at Jaipur has done for Indian writing.\"Chaudhuri said they were in the process of collaborating with some top-ranking institutions such as US-based Fox School of Business of Temple University and Heinz School of Carnegie Mellon University .\"We have also started dialogues with some of our existing partners to explore opportunities for expanding our relationships from student exchange to include faculty exchange, joint research, joint conferences/workshops and other collaborative efforts,\" shared Chaudhuri.Ranked as one of the top ten B-schools of the country, IIM-C has partnerships with 48 leading B-Schools of the world with whom they conduct regular student exchange programmes.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12617450", "title": "Ban on using loudspeakers after 10 pm", "text": "GUWAHATI: As the city is gearing up for Rongali Bihu celebrations, the Kamrup (Metro) district administration has cautioned function organisers not to use loudspeakers after 10 pm.The district administration, through an order, has urged the organising committees of Bihu organizers in the city to respect the privacy of citizens and students. \"Please ensure that safety and security in public areas is maintained at all cost,\" read the district administration's directive. The administration further appealed to organisers not to set up Bihu pandals on any public thoroughfare, causing inconvenience to commuters.The administration has also asked Bihu organising committees not to allow parking within 100 meters of Bihu pandals. \"Never use plastic flags, banners or posters in any public place. This is also banned under Section 144 of the CrPC,\" read the order.The administration has appealed to Bihu organisers to take all necessary measures to combat any sort of emergency. Every Bihu organising committee has been asked to keep a medical team ready to handle emergency situations and slot a designated area for an emergency or evacuation purpose.It also urged Bihu committees to appoint sufficient volunteers for helping the visitors. \"Appoint sufficient volunteers and brief them well in advance about their responsibilities,\" the order said.Regarding security, the district administration has asked Bihu organizers to inform local police stations about all programmes and strictly comply with the security guidelines. \"Ban alcohol and psychotropic drugs from your venues meticulously,\" said the order. It added that police should be informed well in advance in case an VIP visits a Bihu pandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12615968", "title": "Man wanted in co-op bank scam nabbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man on the run for past two years for his involvement in a co-operative bank scam was arrested by Kalupur police officials on the basis of a tip-off on Tuesday. Police are expecting more details about other accused on the run from him.According to investigators, in 2010, Bhuj Mercantile Cooperative Bank officials had lodged a complaint with city policethat a group was involved in large-scale cheating by opening accounts on basis of fake documents and procuring loans on fictitious assets.\"We got a tip-off that one of the accused Raju Solanki, a resident of Gomtipur, was to come to meet one of his friends in Kalupur on Monday night. On the basis of that, we kept a watch and arrested him,\" an official said.Police said they are hopeful of getting more details about the accused on the run and bank employees involved in the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12616382", "title": "Construction sites must control water usage: Pune Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has issued directives to ongoing constructions to control the use of water. Five-star hotels, resorts and amusement parks have also been told to install water meters to calculate the amount of water they use in swimming pools and for other amusement activities.A statement issued by the civic body on Tuesday stated that the civic body was doing this to deal with the possible shortage of water. Swimming pools, hotels and non-residential establishments will have to install meters and operate them.Meters will be mandatory for all establishments built, reconstructed or renovated on or after April 10, 2012. Besides commercial establishments, the civic body has also asked tenants and owners of other buildings to take measures to control usage. \"They should install a dual flushing system which will help reduce unnecessary water usage in toilets. Low-flow fixtures should be installed on taps, to control water flow,\" the statement said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12616606", "title": "6 girls show their business acumen", "text": "LUDHIANA: Six students from the city are amongst the first 10 in Panjab University's first and third semester exams of masters of business economics.In the first semester exam, the fifth and sixth positions were bagged by city students, while in the third semester, sixth, seventh, eighth and tenth positions went to city students. All these students are from Guru Nanak Girls College, Model Town.Pawandeep Kaur Jassal, a resident of Janta Enclave stood fifth in the first semester exam of the university by securing 69.66% marks. She said that when she studied she was all concentration and it was this that worked for her. She said that she used to do kitchen work too, while adding that her mother, Paramjeet Kaur's encouragement and support helped her excel in studies. Talking about her future plans, Pawandeep said that she wanted to become a lecturer and if she became one in her own college it would be a dream come true for her.Akansha Gandhi, a resident of Atam Nagar bagged the sixth position in the first semester exam, scoring 69.55% marks. She said that hard work and luck matter and she was fortunate that whatever she had learnt came in the exam. \"Now I am going to throw a grand party for my family and friends ,\" chirped Akansha.Preeti Garg, a resident of Samrala Chowk, who stood sixth in the third semester exam by securing 71.22% marks laughed, \"I had competition at home with my twin sister Kirana Bala.\" She said that she had been working hard and it was because of her daily schedule of four-five hours of study that helped her score well.Shikha Jindal, a resident of Model Town Extension, who stood seventh in the third semester exam, securing 71.11% marks, said that she used to study early in the morning because the mind is fresh at that time.Kiran Bala, who bagged the eighth position with 70.33% in the third semester exam said that she had a healthy competition with her sister Preeti, but pointed out that she had expected more marks.Tanpreet Kaur, a resident of Model Down who bagged the tenth position with her score of 70.05% marks in the third semester said that she had expected a better rank but thankfully she had made it to the top 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12617910", "title": "Folk singer brings Kabir couplets to life at festival", "text": "CHENNAI: Like most people, Prahlad Singh Tipanya had only read about the 15th century poet-saint Kabir in his school textbooks. But at the age of 24, in 1979, he began learning to play the tambura. One of the first songs he learnt was a Kabir bhajan, and he says it changed his life.\"If you listen to his bhajans intently, you realise that his words have so much meaning. His songs have a practical approach and every song is inspired by day-to-day occurrences,\" says the acclaimed folk singer, who was in Chennai to perform during the two-day Kabir Festival at the Kalakshetra Foundation.Tipanya's powerful style of singing has won him admirers across the world. He is known not only as a singer but also as one who propagates Kabir's messages effectively. The 58-year-old musician, who sings in the folk style of the Malwa region of Madhya Pradesh, has several awards to his credit, including the Sangeet Natak Akademi award and the Padma Shri.Through his concerts, he stresses the need to rise above sectarianism, petty divisiveness, and hypocrisy. \"Living in harmony is the utmost religion. Kabir never talks of division,\" says Tipanya, who was born in Lunyakhedi in Ujjain district in 1954.Tipanya set up the Kabir Smarak Seva Shodh Sansthan (Kabir Memorial Service and Research Institute) in 1997 . The trust organizes annual events for singers and spiritual leaders to come together and sing Kabir bhajans. He also runs music classes for children. \"My aim is to make children learn values they do not learn through books. Education is good but it is complete only with a positive attitude. ,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12617606", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation in a fix over water-meter diktat", "text": "KOLKATA: The Trinamool Congress-run Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) is in a dilemma. It risks losing a $250 million Asian Development Bank (ADB) loan unless it heeds a diktat from the donor agency to impose water tax on Kolkatans.But neither can it flout Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee's diktat not to impose water tax.As a balancing act, KMC might install water meters in homes of those residing in posh south Kolkata areas. This would serve the twin purpose of showing ADB that KMC is serious about collecting revenue from water supply while staying in tune with the Trinamool line that it is okay to tax the rich.The ADB top brass have made it clear to KMC that under no circumstances will the bank release the loan unless the corporation undertakes measures to augment revenue from potable water supply.With the Trinamool board dillydallying over imposing water tax, uncertainty looms over the $250 million ADB loan - the second installment of the agency's funding for developing Kolkata's infrastructure.Half the sum would be spent on augmenting the city's water supply system while the sewer lines in Behala, Jadavpur and other added areas would be laid with the other half. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, who has held a series of meetings with the ADB top brass in Kolkata in the past six months, said efforts were on to get the donor bank to disburse the loan as it would radically alter Kolkata's water supply system.The civic leadership has devised a face-saver amid mounting pressure from even the Union urban development ministry to impose water tax to get the ADB loan which the mayor realizes is vital. \"We have to show the ADB authorities that we want to augment revenue from water supply. We have decided to install water meters in hundreds of houses in a ward and later charge their owners for consumption of water according to their usage pattern,\" said a KMC official.Once people in this model ward accept this levy, the same could be followed in other wards of the city in phases, the official added.Currently, the KMC water supply department collects Rs 30 crore annually from water fee. Of this Rs 6 crore comes from residential houses, especially high-rises. The remainder is from commercial connections. The KMC water supply department has installed only about 250 water meters in some city high-rises, mainly in south Kolkata, said a senior civic official. \"Now, with ADB officials wanting us to bring more households under the water fee scheme, we may take up a couple of areas in posh south Kolkata localities and install water meters,\" said an official.However, KMC should first reach potable water to large areas in south Kolkata and then install water meters, felt a KMC official. \"We plan to construct a water booster pumping station at Chetla to supply filtered water to large parts of Alipore and Behala,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12615973", "title": "Curfew continues, citizens suffer", "text": "HYDERABAD: The curfew bound Madannapet and Saidabad areas continued to look like neighbourhoods in a ghost town on the third day after the clashes. With no relaxation in sight, medicines and other essential commodities were out of reach for residents as barricades at crossroads and bylanes strictly curtailed all movement. A ripple effect was seen along the Madina-Shah Ali Banda stretch as all shops in the area were closed.A visibly concerned K Rajasekhar from Madannapet Mandi said that he had been trying to take his four-year-old daughter suffering from gastroenteritis to hospital for hours. \"I had to reason with the police repeatedly before being let to go.\"An acute shortage of vital medicines hit the areas owing to the clampdown. Pharmacist K Prakash from Vijay Medicals in Madannapet said, \"We are on our last reserves of paracetamol, antibiotics and injections. On many occasions doctors have prescribed alternatives but they too are running out.\" Prakash's shop is a few furlongs from the first barricade at Chanchalguda Jail. He said that the situation will worsen if the patients in the area didn't receive their medication on time.Samaritans were seen covertly distributing milk packets to residents. Away from the watchful eye of the police, hands from doors and windows silently accepted the altruistic offers. However, many like Saud Engineer from Saidabad weren't as lucky as the others. \"Most houses in my locality have children and have run out of milk. We have been trying to tell our relatives living in other parts of town to get supplies for us but unfortunately they haven't got past the barricades. Also, we had to shell out more than 40% extra to buy groceries from the neighbourhood shop,\" he said.It was a field day for cattle as tons of vegetables in the 300-odd shops of the Madannapet market lay rotting. Vendors were clearly distraught as a handful of them visited their shops to assess losses. V Bhagyamma rued that she had incurred a huge loss as more than a quintal of produce she had bought had no buyers. \"There are vegetables worth at least Rs 40,000 in my shop. There are no buyers because of the violence. I pray that all this madness stops soon.\" Another vendor, Junaid Ali, said it was next to impossible to recover the losses that had run into lakhs of rupees.Other parts of the Old City witnessed a curfew-like calm. The commercial hubs of Madina, Pathergatti, Charminar and Laad Bazaar were closed on the orders of the police. Bangle sellers said at Laad Bazaar rued loss of business during this ongoing marriage season. Charminar remained closed and buses were off key routes resulting in a complete halt in tourism. N V Rao, regional manager, APSRTC said, \"The Chandrayangutta-Afzalgunj route via Shah Ali Banda and Engine Bowli route is not operational. Also, buses will not play on the IAS Sadan-Nalgonda crossroads route.\"Activists continued to condemn the recent spate of violence in the city and said that the authorities should be friends of the public. They noted that imposing a curfew in areas of the city would only make matters worse and would create hurdles for normalcy to return. They demanded that further communalisation of society should be stopped.There was heavy bandobast across the city with RAF being deployed in sensitive pockets of the Old City. A contingent of 250 trainee policemen was deputed to assist the city police. Manish Kumar Sinha, DCP, South Zone said, \"In an attempt to stop rumour-mongering, we have instructed businessmen to close their establishments. We are taking all measures to keep violence at bay. Also, trainee policemen have been called to help the city police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12618379", "title": "Apartment blocks in city turn pure vegetarian", "text": "CHENNAI: When Nirmala Narayan decided to buy her own house in Chennai, she went looking for a vegetarian-only apartment complex. \"I am a vegetarian by choice. I cannot bear the smell of fish or meat and would prefer not to have non-vegetarian neighbours,\" she says.It didn't take Narayan long to zero in on an all-vegetarian block coming up in Vepery. A number of builders in Chennai are promoting vegetarian-only apartment complexes. Other builders are setting apart certain blocks or floors for vegetarians. Suresh Jain, managing director of Vijay Shanthi Builders, has launched two vegetarian-only apartment complexes in the city.\"There is a preference among people who are vegetarian to have their own societies and live together,\" says Jain, who made a commitment to promote vegetarianism after sponsoring the regional conference of the Indian Vegetarian Congress a year and a half ago.His company has two ongoing projects: Mystiq at Purusawalkam with 12 apartments priced between Rs 2 crore and Rs 2.5 crore, and Rainforest in Kilpauk with 16 apartments priced upwards of Rs 4 crore. Both projects will be completed in eight months. \"We have sold 90% of the flats at Rainforest and 70% of Mystiq,\" says Jain, whose other projects don't have any such specifications.Another property developer, Alliance Group, has set apart vegetarian floors at Orchid Springs, an upcoming residential project in Anna Nagar.\"We have set aside 44 units for vegetarians and 70% have been booked. We are trying the concept since we got a number of requests,\" says B Krishnakumar, sales head.Builders specify in the booking form that prospective owners should be vegetarians. \"We inform people when they enquire about the property and put it down in the booking form,\" says Krishnakumar. Vegetarianism is also part of the housing society rules. \"Even if an owner wants to rent the property, it has to be to vegetarians,\" says Jain.Though builders are now promoting vegetarian-only apartments, the city has always been home to vegetarian enclaves and communities that shun meat and eggs, says Nanditha Krishna, cultural historian and writer. \"Places like Georgetown, Mylapore, Mambalam and Sowcarpet have always been vegetarian strongholds,\" she says. \"Communities such as Brahmins and Vellalars, as well as Gujaratis, Rajasthanis and Marwaris are largely vegetarian,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12615715", "title": "Z category security for Jaganmohan Reddy sought", "text": "HYDERABAD: On a day when the state government withdrew the security cover to 17 Congress MLAs following their disqualification from the state assembly for anti-party activities, YSR Congress demanded Z class security for its president Jaganmohan Reddy on the ground that what has been provided to him was inadequate.At present, Jagan is being given special category security with a bullet-proof vehicle and four-plus-four security. In a letter to additional DG intelligence, M Mahender Reddy, YSR Congress leaders K K Mahender Reddy and H A Rehman said the security provided to Jagan was inadequate and demanded it to be upgraded to Z category. They claimed that Jagan's bullet-proof vehicle has been giving him a lot of trouble and that it had broken down when he visited Sangareddy last week, forcing him to shift to another vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "12616796", "title": "Pakhowal Road turns dark after sundown", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: Despite being one of the busiest roads of the city, it is unsafe to drive down Pakhowal Road after sundown due to non-functional streetlights.But for a few points where showroom owners have installed lights for their own convenience, streetlights on this road remain non-functional most of the time, adding to the woes of commuters.This road is gradually turning into a stretch prone to traffic jams due to the sheer volume of vehicles but driving gets risky at night in the absence of streetlights.The MC authorities earmark big amounts for the maintenance of streetlights.In the current year's budget they have allocated Rs 10 crore for it, while last year they had spent a similar amount but the problem of non-functional streetlights had persisted then too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12617123", "title": "Process on to deport 6 Bangladeshis packed off by Pakistan", "text": "JAISALMER: Security agencies here started process to deport six Bangladeshis who were disallowed entry into Pakistan due to suspected fake visa.The six Bangladeshis, Mohammad Sami , Rehana Khatun, Mohammad Jamal, Mohammad Azeem, Mohammad Shakeel and Guloom Ahmad, had gone to Pakistan via Munabao by the Thar Express, three days ago. Pakistani security officers, however, sent them back from Zero Line saying their visas were fake and handed them over to Indian security officers, deputy SP (GRP) Mansool Ali said.At present, the Bangladeshis were being interrogated jointly by security and intelligence agencies and in a day or two after getting directions from the Centre, they will be handed over to BSF for their deportation to Bangladesh. Defence sources said these Bangladeshis had applied for multiple visas in their country.They had taken visa for Pakistan from the Pakistan high commission through Munabao from India, whereas from Bangladesh itself they had applied for visa for India.After getting the visa, these Bangladeshis first reached India and probably due to some technical problem Pakistan did not accept their visa at the Zero Line station. After deporting them to Bangladesh, the Bangladesh officers will investigate in regard to their fake visa, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12616754", "title": "BCom-II exam cancelled after paper leaks", "text": "LUDHIANA: BCom second-year exam of Panjab University was cancelled after the question paper was leaked. The exam for Corporate Accounts which was scheduled to be held on Tuesday at 2pm, will now be held on May 3.A resident of Kitchlu Nagar, Swati Bhandari said, ''I worked very hard to prepare for the exam. I even got up at 4am on exam day to revise but when I reached the examination centre I got to know that it had been cancelled. Now I will have to keep revising till the next date for exam.''Resident of Rishi Nagar, Mahima Arora said, ''University should take the matter seriously and full-proof security system should be put in place so that such incidents can be avoided in future.''Resident of Clock Tower, Vasudha Garg said, ''The guilty should be brought to book and punished severely. Thousands of students have been inconvenienced because of a few miscreants.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12616321", "title": "Dhol beats echo ahead of Chiranjeev-Dhannu marriage", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The sound of dhols is reverberating in 105 villages of Haryana, whose residents have been invited through this traditional method by state's power minister Captain Ajay Singh Yadav for the 'lagan' ceremony of his son Chiranjeev Rao, who is getting married to RJD supremo Lalu Prasad's daughter Dhannu alias Anushka on April 24.The villages fall in his constituency Rewari of southern Haryana and residents have been invited to attend the 'lagan' at Rewari on April 18 ahead of the wedding.A family source said, \"As far as the groom's side is concerned lagan is the most important function to be attended by the friends and relatives. Over 10,000 guests are expected to attend the ceremony.\"For barat, which will move from Captain's hometown Rewari to New Delhi in the afternoon on April 23, over 1,000 invitation cards have been distributed.When asked about the marriage proposal, the family sources said, \"Both families were keen on the marriage between Chiranjeev and Dhannu, both born in 1986, since long. When Dhannu's family formally approached, Chiranjeev's family happily accepted the proposal.\"Speaking to the Times of India, Captain Yadav said, \"It's a matter of pride for us to have matrimonial alliance with such a good family.\"Chiranjeev is Yadav's only son. His daughter has already been married.In Lalu's family, Dhannu is sixth among his seven daughters. Dhannu is an interior designer, while Chiranjeev is a law graduate.Chiranjeev had joined politics at the age of 19. Currently, he is president of Haryana Youth Congress.BOXVVIPs invited to marriagePresident Pratibha Patil , Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh , AICCpresident Sonia Gandhi , AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi , centralministers and various chief ministersSchedule for grand-marriage:April 18: Lalu to come with lagan to RewariApril 23: Mamas (uncles) of Chiranjeev will bring bhat (gift) to RewariLadies sangeet at RewariApril 24Ghurchari of Chiranjeev departure of barat from Rewari to New Delhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12616270", "title": "Row over mill workers' homes", "text": "While the state has agreed to provide houses to at least 16,800 mill workers, the stalemate over the costs continues.The state has fixed a price of Rs 8.34 lakh on \" no-profit-no-loss basis\" for the 6,948 homes but the unions want it to be Rs 3.50 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12617908", "title": "Court says 'no' to double allotment of flats", "text": "None should be allotted more than one flat, the Bombay high court said on Tuesday while directing the state government to produce a list of cases of double allotment of flats given under the chief minister's discretionary quota.A division bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by activist Ketan Tirodkar alleging that there are many second allotments to allottees or to a spouse or family members of the allottees. The PIL alleged that politicians and journalists were the main beneficiaries. Tirodkar submitted that he had given examples of politicians and their kith and kin. \"I also have examples of journalist couples having been allotted separate adjacent flats. They got it in their individual names,'' said Tirodkar.When the judges asked Tirodkar why he was harping about politicians and journalists and not speaking in general about every double allotment, he replied that the common man cannot have such access and only politicians and journalists get this privilege. To this Justice Bobde riposted, \"This is part of sensationalism. We are saying that double allotment should be given to nobody.''Tirodkar said under the Right to Information Act he had obtained data of the past 20 years but it was difficult for him to ascertain who the double allottees were and their relationships. \"The state has a wider machinery to get more data on the double allotments,'' said Tirodkar.The judges directed the state to, at the next hearing on April 24, to \"give a list of all cases of double allotment and whether the second allotment is made to the very persons to whom first allotment was made or to his spouse or blood relatives or dependent.\"They also directed the state to reply if an inquiry was made before giving the second allotment and any order passed in that regard.TOI InteractiveFresh VerificationShould allotment of residential property for public servants such as MPs, MLAs and government be transparent from the initial stage itself, to avoid controversies at a later date?All allotments made with concessions and in cases where possession has not been given must be kept on hold till fresh verification is done.- Via smsYes , but in India, all deals-defence, telecom, civic, coal-end up in controversy. - Sanjay KotwaniYes, allotment of residential property to public servants must come under scrutiny. Those who are in public service must have a clean track record. Any move to allot property to them must be transparent right from the beginning. Controversies like the one involving the Ashirwad co-operative housing society in Andheri could have been avoided if due diligence had been followed before allotment of flats.- Vijay MullajiWith land-grabbing by public servants and politicians increasing at an alarming rate, many scams are emerging after investigations. Allotments must be made public at the beginning itself.- Bhagwan ThadaniAllotment of property must be transparent from the beginning. Nothing should be left to chance, which could trigger off controversy later, as we have seen with the Adarsh housing society. All public servants should feel obligated to inform superiors in writing about the purchase of property, and it should be on record. Transparency, especially in the case of public servants, is the need of the hour.- Jitendra KothariThose assigned the responsibility of allotting properties usually benefit directly or indirectly. Hence, names of all proposed allottees, together with other relevant details, should be published in national/local dailies, inviting objections, if any, from the public.- Robert Castellino", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12618158", "title": "Spurt in protests before RU elections", "text": "RANCHI: Various student unions of Ranchi University (RU) are actively protesting for the rights of students since the dates for the elections were announced and the university gave in to some of their demands on Tuesday.After the protests by the All Jharkhand Students Union (AJSU) on Monday, the National Students Union of India (NSUI) also protested for students' rights and locked the gates of RU for almost two hours on Tuesday. More than 50 members of NSUI, along with some students, protested in front of the university gates demanding better facilities for the MBA students.Prince Bhatt, a member of NSIU, said, \"We have been visiting the MBA department for some time and have noticed that the students are not given all the facilities required by the department. The biggest problem being faced by the students is that there are only four lecturers to teach 450 students.\"The other demands of NSUI included providing the students with computers and incorporating wi-fi connectivity in the campus. NSUI district chairperson Raja said, \"We also want a separate placement cell for the MBA department as most of the students being selected in campus placements are from that department.\"After two hours of chaos, RU vice-chancellor (VC) LN Bhagat had to give in to their demands. \"We spoke to the VC and he gave us in writing that our demands will be fulfilled and the work will be started within a month,\" said Bhatt.Bhagat said, \"Their demands were sensible. I had announced giving wi-fi connectivity to the campus a few days ago. The roster for the teachers' appointment has been sent to the human resource department and I will soon start working for a separate placement cell for the department.\"\"A separate faculty for MBA will be made as soon as the proposal has been accepted by the academic council. I have also planned to make every room of the department air-conditioned and provide all the modern facilities to the students,\" added the VC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12618340", "title": "Civic panel ignores Pune\u2019s concerns", "text": "PUNE: The civic standing committee on Tuesday tabled a Rs 3,633.02 crore draft budget for 2012-13 with no increase in allocation for capital and development works and also without any substantial plan to mitigate city's growing problems - traffic, infrastructure and water supply.Though the city's infrastructure is crumbling, roads are overcrowded, slums are mushrooming and unplanned growth abounds, the ruling Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP), which presented its first budget after gaining power in February 2012 civic polls, played to the gallery and left the basic issues untouched and, not surprisingly, avoided any hike in the existing tax structure.Standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere (NCP) tabled the draft budget before the general body (GB). The committee puffed up municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak's Rs 3,290.66 crore draft budget tabled in February by Rs 342.36 crore, but did not increase the allocation for capital and development works.In 2011-12, the standing committee had earmarked Rs 1,902 crore for capital and development works, while this year's draft budget has proposed only Rs 1,900.71 crore. In 2010-11, the PMC had allocated Rs 1,987 crore for capital expenditure and development works.While presenting his draft budget, Pathak had expressed concern over the increasing pressure on the city's infrastructure due to the rapid growth and a growing population. But the standing committee's budget focused on popular announcements like introducing new festivals for women and youths, expenditure on memorials of national figures, and allocating substantial amounts for popular projects and festivals.The draft proposes allocations for celebrating festivals and functions like Shaniwarwada festival (Rs 75 lakh), Pune Marathon (Rs 17 lakh), Pandit Jitednra Abhishekhi Mahostav (Rs 20 lakh) and Sahitya Sammelan (Rs 25 lakh). | It has set an octroi revenue target of Rs 1457.50 crore and building permission charges of Rs 506.50 crore but has not suggested any plan to enhance the revenue resources.Chandere did not spell a word on water supply though the city continues to face water crisis in summer for the third consecutive year. Chandere also made no reference to traffic and transportation in his budget or any plan to introduce new buses in the public transport fleet.Surprisingly, the standing committee chairman has proposed that the civic administration 'adopt' five roads and develop them as 'model' roads. However, according to the BPMC Act, the civic body is responsible for the entire road network in the city and, hence, Chandere has asked the PMC to 'adopt' its own roads. When asked to explain the concept, he said that he will talk on the issue later.Addressing media Cahndere said, \"While presenting this budget we have considered all issues and we promise the citizens to fulfil these promises within a year.\" However, when asked about the budget execution plan, considering that a majority of previous budget schemes remain unimplemented, Chandere kept mum.Along with Chandere, civic chief Mahesh Pathak and civic accounts department head Ulka Kalaskar parried all questions by the media on city's infrastructure, traffic, metro and the JNNURM works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12618246", "title": "Relocation of Cooum slums on track: Govt", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government on Tuesday extended support to relocate slum dwellers from the Cooum river banks to facilitate construction of the Chennai Port-Madhuravoyal Elevated Express Corridor.This assurance, tabled in the state assembly, comes at a time when the National Highways Authority of India has just begun talks with the state PWD officials to end the stalemate over a notice issued by the governmnet to stop work citing violations in alignment.The chief engineer (water resources department), Chennai region, sent notices in February and March to NHAI's project director alleging violation of the alignment, which led to stalling of work on the 1,815 crore project.However, a policy note on housing and urban development tabled in the assembly said the Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board has rehabilitated 818 families in the tenements at Okkiyum Thoraipakkam and the remaining families will be relocated in the self-contained tenements.\"Based on the notices issued by the PWD, an NHAI team, led by its project director, called on PWD officials and held discussions on Monday. They have been asked to come up with the proofs to suggest that they will go by the alignment,\" said a senior PWD official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12615361", "title": "Bribe row: Army chief files CBI complaint", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General V K Singh on Tuesday formally sent a written complaint to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in connection with the Rs 14 crore bribe allegedly offered to him by a retired officer to clear the supply of substandard Tatra trucks.The agency is likely to register a preliminary enquiry on Wednesday, but sources said the Army chief has not provided much material evidence to back his complaint in the bribery offer that dates to September, 2010.The CBI is expected to seek the legal opinion on the complaint and could approach Attorney General G E Vahanvati. Gen Singh has not provided any CD - as has been speculated - or other evidence along with the complaint. \"We are examining his complaint,\" said a senior police officer.CBI officials were, however, tight-lipped about contents of the complaint terming them as \"highly sensitive and confidential\".Gen Singh is believed to have mentioned in his complaint that he brought the alleged bribe to the attention of his \"seniors\" when the incident took place. The Army chief had claimed in media interviews that retired Lt Gen Tejinder Singh offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore. Defence minister A K Antony told Parliament that Gen Singh had named Lt Gen Tejinder Singh.In his initial communication to the CBI, the Army chief said there was a bribe offer from retired Lt Gen Tejinder Singh following which the agency sought a detailed description of the incident, a list of possible witnesses and supporting documents.After 10 days, Gen Singh did give a description of the incident during which he was allegedly offered bribe. Lt Gen Tejinder Singh has refuted the allegations levelled by the General and also filed a defamation case against the Army chief and other officers.In an interview to a national daily, General Singh had earlier said, \"One of these men had the gumption to walk up to me and tell me that if I cleared the tranche, he would give me Rs 14 crore. He was offering a bribe to me, to the Army chief. He told me that people had taken money before me and they will take money after me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12615262", "title": "Odisha hostage crisis: Naxal leader Panda\u2019s wife freed, offers to mediate", "text": "KORAPUT: The wife of a senior Maoist leader was released by a local court on Tuesday citing lack of evidence against her even as the Odisha government was locked in discussions with Maoist factions over a prisoner swap for the release of hostages, Italian Bosusco Paolo and BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka.The acquittal of Subhashree Panda, wife of CPI(Maoist) leader Sabyasachi Panda, came a day after the government rejected demands for outright release of jailed Naxals in exchange for the freedom of Paolo and Hikaka. The release could speed up the process of winning their release. Government officials, however, said the court's acquittal of Subhashree was not related to the kidnap talks, even as she offered to mediate in the crisis.\"It's the victory of truth. The government entangled me in false case and arrested me. Now I have been given justice by the court. I fought the case and won my legal battle in court,\" Subhashree told TOI.Blaming the government of dilly-dallying to resolve the hostage crisis, Subhashree offered to mediate in facilitating Paolo's release. \"If the government approaches me, I am ready to play the role of an interlocutor to end the hostage crisis,\" she said. But accusing the government of playing games with the Maoists, Subhashree said, \"The government should make its stand clear through the media as to how many demands of the Maoists have been fulfilled. The government is in problem due to its own double standards.\"Citing her own case as an example, she said, \"I fought and won my case at the court but the government says that it has facilitated my release. If the government has released me, then why has a fresh warrant been issued against me? The government should make its stand clear.\"While leaving for Bhubaneswar, Subhashree, fearing a re-arrest, said, \"I have learnt that police have issued a warrant against me for my alleged involvement in the Nayagarh armoury loot case. If the government says that it has let me free, then how has it issued a warrant against me? I may be arrested at any moment.\"Earlier, wearing a sari and sporting sunglasses, Subhashree was produced in court amid tight security at around 9.45am. After the judgment, she along with her father Dhanurdhar Das and mother Jyotirmoyee Das, reached Gunupur sub-jail at around 10.45am to pick up her belongings.Subhashree was first arrested in a case relating to Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act in January 2010 and acquitted by the high court in September 2011. She was rearrested by Rayagada police on October 21, 2011, for her involvement in a gun battle between security personnel and Maoists in Kutinguda forest under Gudari police limits. She has been lodged in Gunupur jail ever since.Advocate Pattnaik told TOI that the police had arrested Subhashree on charges of being present, along with her husband, at the encounter site during the gun battle. Police had given a list of 18 witnesses against Subhashree. While 13, including 10 policemen, were examined by the court, the rest did not turn up. Subhashree's statement was recorded on April 5 and the verdict was kept reserved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12616072", "title": "State Congress divided over YSR legacy", "text": "HYDERABAD: The YSR legacy has vertically divided the state Congress with one section wanting to expose corrupt deeds of both the former chief minister and his son Jaganmohan Reddy and another group threatening a revolt if YSR's name is muddied in the campaign for the bypolls.On Tuesday, Rajya Sabha MP V Hanumantha Rao and health minister (in-charge of 104 and 108 emergency services) Kondru Murali Mohan declared that they would expose YSR's misrule during the campaign for bypolls in 18 assembly constituencies to be held very soon. While Hanumantha Rao found fault with the state party, saying that it was hesitating to take a clear stand on whether YSR was corrupt or honest, Murali Mohan said it was time to expose YSR as anti-dalit. Many ministers were also in favour of attacking YSR, but in a subtle way.\"It is wrong to condemn only Jagan as corrupt and spare his father. Congress leaders in the party should stop their double talk about YSR and Jagan,\" Hanumantha Rao said. People would believe Congress if both the father and the son were exposed for looting the state, Rao told the media here on Tuesday and offered to launch a campaign to expose the YSR-Jagan corruption.Meanwhile, health minister Kondru Murali said dalits and other weaker sections should realize that YSR did more harm to them than good when he was the chief minister. \"YSR was anti-dalit,\" he told TOI. \"As chief minister, YSR refused to take the Rs 3,000 crore financial assistance from the National Scheduled Castes Finance and Development Corporation (NSFDC) and also diverted about Rs 400 crore fund given by the Centre for SC and ST students,\" Murali said. Congress would survive only when the party exposes the dark side of YSR's smiling face, he said.A first-time minister from coastal Andhra, Murali said praising YSR and attacking Jagan would not cut ice with the people. \"YSR as chief minister openly helped private companies in quid pro quo deals. For example, when the country's biggest Vizag port has less than 4,000 acres, how could YSR offer 20,000 acres for the development of a private port. YSR should be exposed,\" he said.But many other state Congress leaders were against unleashing an anti-YSR campaign. Already, leaders like former Union minister A Sai Pratap made it clear that he was even willing to quit the party in case YSR was criticized by the Congress leaders. Sai Pratap hails from Kadapa and represents Rajampet Lok Sabha constituency under which two assembly seats are scheduled to go to bypolls. Many other Congress leaders, especially from the Seemandhra region, are apprehensive that an anti-YSR campaign may harm their interests in the long run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12617126", "title": "Now, shop while buying fuel for vehicle", "text": "KOLKATA: How about buying some groceries and clothes at the petrol pump? Or having an ice cream after buying the car fuel? This may soon become a reality at the state transport corporation depots in the heart of the city.The transport department is going for tie-ups with private companies to develop several 'model fuel pumps-cum-mini shopping malls' in the city. The move is also being seen as lending ears to the need of more LPG filling stations, as the queues of autorickshaws outside LPG outlets are only rising.The model fuel pumps will don the look of shopping malls, housing several stores, ice cream parlours and restaurants. Vacant land in several bus terminuses will be used for this purpose. Along with petrol, diesel and LPG filling facilities, the thrust will also be on the cluster of shops.While the state will provide the land, the private firms will set up the fuel stationsalong with shops and restaurants in the mini malls. In fact, there are talks of offering one such plot to the West Bengal Petroleum Dealers' Association.State transport minister Madan Mitra held a meeting at the Writers' on Tuesday with representatives of oil companies and decided to form a panel that would locate suitable places in the city for the purpose. Tushar Kanti Sen, president of the West Bengal Petroleum Dealers' Association, was also present.Tollygunge, Lake Gardens, Manicktala and several other bus terminuses under the state transport corporations have huge unutilized spaces.Officials, however, were tight-lipped and said the main purpose was to set up LPG filling stations due to the rising demand.There are currently 40 LPG filling stations in and around the city and the monthly consumption is between 14,000 to 15,000 tonnes. But the demand is huge following conversion of autorickshaws to LPG.Madan Mitra said: \"If more LPG outlets are not set up, the autorickshaw drivers will move to domestic LPG. In fact, such a trend has already been noticed.\" Officials fear that some drivers might start banking on adulterated fuel.Babun Ghosh, secretary of the Kolkata Auto-rickshaw Operators' Union, said: \"There is no LPG station between Manicktala and Jadavpur and auto-rickshaw drivers have to wait for five to eight hours to get the supply. Thus, a driver end up losing Rs 70 to 80 per day.\"drivers could have earned If the time wasted in waiting for the supply could be devoted to driving the vehicles, a driver could have earned between Rs 70 to Rs 80,\" Ghosh said.Indrajit Bose, general manager-cum-state coordinator of West Bengal in the Indian Oil Corporation Limited , said in the next ten days, the team would go around the city and select five such places where filling stations could come up.\"We cannot purchase land at the price some private companies can buy to set up malls. Therefore a tie-up with the government would work for us,\" Bose said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616253", "title": "Mother, 4 kids drown in Kapri river off Thane", "text": "MUMBAI: In a tragic incident, five members of a family-including four children-drowned in the Kapri river in Thane district. A villager discovered their bodies on Tuesday morning.The deceased were identified as Kanta Kene (37) and her children Deepali (17), Sagar (11), Mayuri (9) and Sahil (7). The victims were residents of Pondas village near Ganeshpuri, around 100km from Mumbai and 30km from Bhiwandi.The police suspect that the incident occurred on Monday while the woman-along with her four children-had gone to the river to wash clothes. Inspector S M Choudhary of the Ganeshpuri police station said: \"It appears that Deepali and Mayuri went deep into the river while taking a dip and drowned. When their mother and brothers tried to rescue the girls, they too drowned.\"A villager said locals found some clothes and schoolbags on the river bank. The police registered a case of accidental death and were probing the matter. They sent the bodies to Indira Gandhi Memorial Hospital in Bhiwandi for post-mortem. Kanta's husband Naresh works in the Bhiwandi-Nizampur City Municipal Corporation.Villagers, however, indirectly blamed the authorities for the incident. \"Several villages do not have any pipelines and their residents are forced to depend on other sources of water, such as ponds and rivers,\" said Sachin Gangurde, a villager.Sanjay, a relative of the Kenes, said: \"If our village got adequate water, my aunt (Kanta) would not have gone to the river to wash clothes in the first place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kancheepuram", "code": "12617886", "title": "Train smashes car at unmanned crossing", "text": "KANCHEEPURAM: A suburban train smashed into a Tata Indica trying to cross an unmanned level crossing in Nathtampettai near Kancheepuram, 68km south of Chennai, on Tuesday, seriously injuring the car's occupant, a lawyer.R Dass (35) of Thamalvar Street in Kancheepuram, a practising advocate at District Court - II (Kancheepuram), who sustained head injuries and fractures to his hands and feet, was taken to the government general hospital in Kancheepuram before being referred to MIOT Hospital in Nandambakkam. \"His condition is critical and we are continuously monitoring it,\" hospital sources said. The train was delayed by half-an-hour, police said.Around 9.40am, police said, Dass was driving to his native Puliyambakkam village in Walajabad panchayat union. He had got on to the track at the level crossing when he saw the Chennai Beach-Tirumalpur electrical multiple unit (EMU) train just a few feet away. Before he could reverse his vehicle, the train smashed into it and came to a halt a few hundred metres away. A police team led by Kancheepuram SP S Manoharan, and DSP S Chandrasekar along with others rushed there and the shifted injured lawyer to hospital. A case was registered by the Government Railway Police (Chengalpet).The Chennai railway division, comprising Chennai Central-Avadi-Arakkonam, Chennai Central-Gummidipoondi and Chennai Beach-Tambaram-Chengalpet sections for suburban services, has 60 unmanned railway crossings. While there are 16 unmanned crossings on the Chengalpet-Arakkonam section where Tuesday's accident occurred, there are nine between Chengalpet and Kancheepuram, including the Nathtampettai level crossing.Presently, around one million commuters travel on suburban trains in the Chennai division daily against seven lakh commuters in 2009. The Chennai Beach-Tambaram-Kancheepuram section has the highest number of commuters - 5.5 lakh per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12617326", "title": "Holy relic issue reaches High Court", "text": "KOCHI: The controversy over the authenticity of 'Thirukesham' (holy relic of Prophet Muhammed) has reached the high court. In a petition, U C Aboo of Vadakara, Kozhikode, has requested the court to direct the state government agencies to verify the claim of A P Sunnu faction of Muslims. The A P faction led by Kanthapuram A P Aboobacker Musliyar has claimed that the relic belongs to the Prophet.The petitioner has alleged that Kanthapuram is exploiting the masses through his claim. Further Aboo says that there is no satisfactory evidence to prove that the relic belongs to the Prophet.\"Islam doesn't permit worshipping any relics but the Musliyar, through the relic, is exploiting the religious sentiments of poor uneducated Muslims,\" he alleges. In the name of the Prophet's relics, Kanthapuram is collecting donations from public to build the largest mosque in India.He also alleged that state government is not taking any action to verify the claim despite the Centre's direction to do so on the basis of a petition filed by him with the Union ministry of home affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616098", "title": "\u201860% bear 2nd child within 3 years\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost 3 in 5 women (59%) are having their second child within three years of having their first. Andhra Pradesh leads the list of women not spacing their children adequately - 66%, followed by Rajasthan where just 34% women had their second baby three years after having their first.Maharashtra recorded 35.3% women who had their second child after three years of their first followed by Haryana 35.7%, Karnakata 35.8%, Himachal Pradesh 36.6%, Bihar 37.3%, Tamil Nadu 40%, Gujarat 40.3% and Uttar Pradesh 40.9%.According to the Registrar General of India's latest Sample Registration System (SRS) data 2010, submitted to the Union health ministry last week, just five states recorded over 50% women who had kept a gap of three years between two children.They include Kerala 62.8%, West Bengal 56.1%, Assam 56.4%, Odisha 53.5% and Delhi 53.3%. Lack of proper spacing between two children is adversely affecting the mothers' health and children's chances of survival. Unicef says an average Indian woman delivers her second baby within 31 months of giving birth to her first child.Nearly 30% women in India are keeping a gap of just 24 months years between two children. Union health ministry says a woman should ideally deliver her second child after a gap of at least three years from her first baby. If not done, second time mothers not only pose a threat to the growth of their foetus but also increase risk of a premature delivery.Earlier studies have reported a higher incidence of low birth weight and premature delivery among babies conceived within six months of a previous birth, compared to those conceived 18 to 23 months following the last baby. Experts say it takes at least two years for a woman's body to recover from childbirth. Since nearly 52% of women in India are anaemic, a woman has to let her body replenish lost nutrients and the blood that she loses during delivery.According to the latest SRS data, less than half - 44.5% women in Jharkhand kept a space of three years between two children, Jammu and Kashmir 47.7% and Chattisgarh 44.4%.The SRS data says around 26.3% women had a gap of 12-24 months between two children. This included 32.5% in Andhra Pradesh, 29.6% in Bihar, 30.9% in Haryana, 32.3% in Himachal Pradesh, 30.3% in Punjab, 31.85 in Rajasthan and 30.4% in Tamil Nadu.In Maharashtra nearly 30% women had their second child within two years of having the first while the figure stood at 17% in West Bengal, 26.8% in Uttar Pradesh, 14.7% in Kerala and 15.1% in Odisha.One of the biggest reasons for this is that Indian men don't really swear by sterilization. The number of men undergoing a vasectomy - a 10-minute walk-in-walk-out operation - has dipped by about 22% in 2010-2011 as compared to the previous year. In absolute numbers, over 50,000 fewer men underwent vasectomy in 2010-11 as compared to 2009-10 - from around 2.7 lakhs to to 2.16 lakhs.The Union health ministry's latest data says, most states have seen a sharp dip in the number of men wanting to get involved in family planning. Bihar saw a 55% fall in the number of men opting for vasectomy in 2010-11 as compared to the previous year, while Orissa, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh recorded a 47%, Kerala (46%), Karnataka (45%) fall, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12616471", "title": "CAG report details wheat loss causes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Wastage of wheat amounting to crores of rupees every year because of inadequate storage space and lack of quality control is not something new in the state. Punjab State Grains Procurement Corporation Ltd (PSGPCL), one of the five procurement agencies, has come under the scanner of the comptroller and auditor general (CAG).In the latest report, CAG has slammed PSGPCL for inadequate storage space and its failure not only to ensure quality control mechanism for safety of wheat stock but also in fixing responsibility for wheat damage in crores.The improper storage caused the damage of 18,272 metric tonnes of wheat costing Rs 18.41 crore, between 2006 and 2009 in Amritsar and Bathinda districts.The report states that PSGPCL, which incurred losses of more than Rs 137 crore in 2010-2011, had not ensured storage of wheat in covered godowns and resorted to the yield in mandi yards, sugar mills, rice mills or on the floor.The percentage of shortfall in storage capacity increased from 66.25% in 2006-2007 to 82.64% in 2010-2011, states the report, even as the quantity of wheat procured in the corresponding period also went up, adds the report. It mentions that proper cleaning of storage space before arrival of wheat was also not taken care of. Officials of the home and foreign departments, border management secretary E Ahmad and district authorities visited the Attari integrated check post (ICP) on Tuesday to inspect last minute preparations before its formal inauguration on April 13. After holding a meeting with officials of various departments, Ahmad told media persons that Union home minister P Chidambaram, chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and higher officials of Pakistan would arrive for the inaugural ceremony of ICP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620396", "title": "Fatboy Silm to give Kolkata a miss", "text": "Fatboy Silm, popular British DJ, is all set to make his debut in India.But although he has a major fan following in Kolkata, the musician is all set to give the city a miss during his tour of the country that starts from May 4. \"This is just following in the trend of foreign musicians who have given the city a miss earlier.While Fatboy Slim will perform in various cities like Delhi and Mumbai, in all possibility he is going to leave Kolkata out of his itinerary,\" confirmed an official of the company which is bringing him when TOI got in touch with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12617877", "title": "Tuition lobby puts rural students off Science", "text": "BANGALORE: It's probably the unlikeliest reason for the dip in students enrolling for Pure Sciences . But the tuition lobby has played a major role in keeping students, specially those in rural areas, away from pursuing Science. There are around 2 lakh rural students in II PU in Karnataka but only 10,000 joined the Science stream last year.The number of Science students has been declining slowly over the years across the state. If the percentage of students who took Science in 2005- '06 was 28.07%, it fell to 23 .3% in 2009- '10 and rose marginally in 2010- '11. In March 2011, of 4,50,700 freshers who appeared for II PU exams, 2,08,390 were from Arts,1,25,465 from Commerce and 1,16 ,845 from Science.What's left of Science education is urban centric. The number of Science students is extremely low in Chamarajanagar (847), Koppal (741), Yadgir (700) and Chikmagalur (1437 ). The distribution of 1,16 ,845 students who took up Science in 2011 is: 26 ,873 from Bangalore, 6,978 from Mysorey, 8,416 from Mangalore, 7,019 from Belgaum, 5,585 from Dharwad and 5,371 from Tumkur .\"More than 50% of students take up Arts not out of choice but of compulsion . The high cost of Science education has brought in barriers of accessibility in terms of finance, language (Kannada medium ), location (rural ), gender (girls ) from accessing Science education. There's a requirement for a policy initiative to popularize Science education in rural areas. The perception that Science is a difficult subject and only tuitions could help you crack it must change ,\" said Rashmi V, PU commissioner.The falling numbers are evidently due to the expense. So far, pre-university education did not have a prescribed textbook and students were forced to buy several textbooks prescribed by colleges and tuition centres.Tuitions have became a must for Science students as they rely more on out-of-classroom learning. A fear psychosis was created among students and parents that passing Science exams was impossible without tuitions and this led to students mandatorily joining tuition classes . Colleges in rural areas charge up to Rs 40,000 for Science tuitions, making it impossible for the economically weak to join them . Tuition centres being largely an urban phenomenon spread the perception that rural students cannot get good quality Science education.Also, there were gaps in the existing SSLC curriculum and PUC science curriculum. Though private colleges were using bridge curriculum , the government college students had no such privilege .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12617209", "title": "Cops lend senior citizens a helping hand in Chorao", "text": "PANAJI: Old Goa police are preparing a list of senior citizens at Chorao and beat police constables have been asked to be in constant touch with the senior citizens to help win their confidence. Also police have increased patrolling in the area due to frequent incidents of theft.\"We have asked our staff to get in touch with all senior citizens in the area. To ensure that they have confidence in the police, we have asked our men not just to call on the senior citizens to ask about their welfare but also help them,\" said DySP Gajanan Prabhudessai.The policemen have been asked to assist senior citizens in going for treatment to hospitals, getting medicines, groceries or any other help that they may request.The decision was taken after two separate incidents of thefts reported in the Gavona ward of Chorao island last week. Locals have alleged that almost twelve robberies have taken place recently and no proper investigation has been done nor have any culprits been arrested. To protest the increase in such crimes, the residents of Chorao island had a \"rasta rokho\" agitation.\"Besides targeting these two houses, the thieves even tried to break open another house in which a senior citizen couple resides. Hearing noises outside, the couple woke up and switched on the light. The thieves threatened that if they opened the door, they would be killed. Since then the wife has been inconsolable as she believes that the robbers had come to kill her,\" the Old Goa police said.More than 50% of the people on the island are either settled abroad or in Mumbai and the police claim it is difficult to keep a watch on each and every house as they are scattered. \"But we have intensified night patrolling. Also a police jeep will be moving around in the area. We will also have regular nakabandi at the road connecting Chorao to Bicholim,\" police sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12616075", "title": "Rain, hailstorm lash Punjab, may ruin standing crop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rain and hailstorm lashed many places across Punjab on Tuesday. Agriculture experts said the showers that lasted for around half-an-hour may harm the standing crop about to be harvested.\"The harvest has been delayed due to earlier cold weather conditions and the untimely rain will further damage the crop,\" said Sangrur farmer Piara Singh. Sangrur agricultural officer Bakhshish Singh said the hailstorm would delay harvest at a few places.A Met official said places like Ludhiana, Patiala, Sangrur and Barnala received between 3 mm-14 mm rain that led to a four-five degree C dip in the temperature.Rain and lightening were also reported from Barnala, Mansa.In Amritsar, cloudy and windy conditions had farmers worried for some time, but not much damage to wheat crop was reported.The arrival of wheat arrival in state mandis is yet to pick up and Punjab is projected to procure 115 lakh tonne of wheat in this Rabi season and is again expected to face the problem of space shortage.Secretary for food and civil supplies D S Grewal said that the storage problem was acute in the state.\"The godowns in Punjab have no space - as on April 1 this year, already 68.5 lakh tonnes of wheat and 67 lakh tonnes of rice is still waiting to be transported out of the state,\" said Grewal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12620523", "title": "Aarushi murder case: Issue warrant against Nupur Talwar, CBI tells court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Ghaziabad court on Wednesday issued a non-bailable warrant (NBW) against Nupur Talwar, facing trial in the murder of her teenaged daughter Aarushi.The court issued NBW as she failed to appear for the hearing.According to television reports, the next date of hearing is scheduled for April 18.On April 9, the Allahabad High Court suspended its last month order asking a CBI court at Ghaziabad to \"expeditiously\" decide any bail application moved by Nupur Talwar.Nupur and her husband Rajesh Talwar are facing trial in the four-year-old murder case.The body of Aarushi was found with her throat slit at their Noida residence in May, 2008. The body of their domestic help Hemraj was recovered from the terrace of the house hours later.Investigation in the case was handed over to the CBI following public outrage over shoddy probe by the Uttar Pradesh police.The CBI submitted its closure report last year in which it did not name the Talwar couple as an accused.However, the special court at Ghaziabad decided to go ahead with the trial holding that there was enough evidence against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12617288", "title": "Rebello booted out of MMC vice chairperson's office", "text": "MARGAO: Margao municipal council (MMC) deputy chairperson Gonzaco Rebello was ousted from office after the no-confidence motion moved against him by 11 of the 20 councilors was passed at a special meeting on Tuesday.At the meeting chaired by Salcete deputy collector and sub divisional magistrate (SDM) D M Redkar in the presence of MMC chief officer J B Bhingui, only the 11 councillors who moved the motion, were present while the remaining nine councillors stayed absent.The 11 councillors were Pratima Coutinho, Arthur D'Silva, Sangeeta Audi, Sadanand Naik, Babita Naik, Avinash Shirodkar, Dayanand Deulkar, Dhananjay Mayenkar, Raju Naik, Carmina Rodrigues and Bindiya Naik.MMC chairperson Susheela Nayak had earlier submitted her resignation to the directorate of municipal administration (DMA) ahead of the meeting. The DMA is expected to announce the date for the elections of new chairperson and deputy chairperson shortly.The 11 councillors will meet on Wednesday morning to discuss who they will elect as the next chairperson. The councillors said they would announce their decision after another three days.At the meeting, councillors Avinash Shirodkar, Sangeeta Audi, Pratima Coutinho and Arthur D'Silva hit out at the former chairperson and said that on account of her \"inefficiency,\" the city hardly saw any development.D'Silva reiterated that the decision of the 11 councillors was not being backed by any political party. Coutinho further said that there was no BJP councillor and that there was only a split in the existing group of 20 councillors who had moved the no-confidence motion for the betterment of the city as the city had \"suffered badly\" under the reign of the former chairperson.After the meeting, the councillors hit out at statements made by Baburao Bandodkar of the youth Congress and said that they were elected as councilors based on their social works carried out in their respective wards and not on the support of former chief minister Digambar Kamat, as alleged by him.Sangeeta Audi, Bindiya Naik, Avinash Shirodkar, Dayanand Deulkar and Dhananjay Mayenkar further stated that it was due to their hard work and efforts that Kamat got elected in Margao all these years even though the Margao MLA, they alleged, chose to switch sides for his convenience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12618176", "title": "Water supply in city to be affected on April 12", "text": "GURGAON: The water supply in Gurgaon will be interrupted on Thursday (April 12) as the pumps at the Basai canal will be replaced on that day. For this reason, the administration has advised the residents to waste less water and store it the previous day so that their dependence on tankers is minimized. At present, water is supplied from Sonipat via Gurgaon water channel to Basai water treatment plant where it is treated and then supplied to the entire city. The capacity of the treatment plant is 60 MLD and the officials claim that they are supplying 43 MLD to the city which includes old Gurgaon, HUDA sectors and a few privately developed colonies.After the water is treated, it's stored in three tankers and then pumped to the city. Out of eight pumps, seven are run daily to supply water. The remaining one pump, not functioning for the past one year, will be repaired on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616113", "title": "Release of unwell Pakistan prisoners must get priority: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Moved by the plight of 21 Pakistanis lodged in Indian prisons, five of whom were deaf and dumb and 16 others suffering from mental disorder, the Supreme Court on Tuesday asked whether such matters should not be taken up on a priority basis in the bilateral talks between the heads of state?A ministry of home affairs affidavit informed a bench of R M Lodha and H L Gokhale that condition of 16 prisoners being treated for mental disorders was a cause for concern and listed the five deaf and dumb Pakistanis in the list of 35 Pakistanis.Without making any reference to the Sunday meeting between Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , the bench said: \"Should such matters be not taken up at the highest level when the heads of the states meet? This issue should have been given priority and sorted out. For how many years can they be in jail?\"The MHA affidavit said: \"At present there are 35 Pakistani nationals and 13 Pakistani fishermen, who have either completed their sentence or have not been accused of any offence, awaiting repatriation due to non-confirmation of their nationality by the Pakistani High Commission.\"tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12616909", "title": "Bihar-Jharkhand Association of North America celebrates Bihar Diwas", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar-Jharkhand Association of North America (BJANA) celebrated Bihar's centenary at Marlboro Community Hall, New Jersey (US), on Saturday night. As many as 300 people of Bihar and Jharkhand origin came from the north-eastern states of the US which included residents of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York and Connecticut.Speaking on the occasion, BJANA president Shashi Sinha called upon fellow members to take up public causes in the US as well as in Bihar and Jharkhand.He also hailed the philanthropy and social work done by some of the prominent BJANA members in Bihar &amp; Jharkhand.He talked about the support extended by the BJANA to the Bharat Vikash Parishad Viklang Niwas and hospital on the Patna-Gaya Road in Patna . He also congratulated Prabhat and Somya Das for setting up libraries all across Bihar.It was a nice and pleasant evening and the organizers presented a good mix of cultural shows, speeches, exquisite food and beverages with an opportunity for members to mingle and cherish common roots that all share.Prominent local leaders, including Sudhanshu Prasad, a BJANA supporter, who also happens to be council member of Edison Township in New Jersey, US, was presented with a Recognition Plaque for his continued support to the BJANA community. Addressing the audience he said, \"We should never give up our identity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12617085", "title": "Not all that safe for the Junta in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: Constructed in 1966, the Junta Quarters at Pajifond, Margao, houses 248 residential units for government servants. Though most of the buildings are in fairly good condition, some apartments are in need of urgent repairs and rehabilitation.Raju Naik, a councillor in the Margao Municipal Council who represents the area in the civic body, expressed his dissatisfaction over the \"inordinate delay\" by the PWD in responding to complaints and proposals for repairs and restoration work.\"Most of the units are in good condition, but a couple of buildings, for instance, the B-type and C-type quarters, need urgent repairs and maintenance,\" pointed out Naik.He added that the overgrowth of weeds and vegetation have left the place unsafe, especially for children, while in the C-type quarters, some walls invariably remain damp and moist during the monsoon. \"People are worried that the walls may collapse anytime if they remain unattended before the onset of the rainy season. Rainwater enters the balconies during monsoon, and the PWD needs to act on this complaint fast,\" Naik told TOI.He also pointed out to the water woes faced by the people residing in the quarters. \"Despite bringing the problem to the notice of the PWD authorities they have failed to initiate any action. The government generates a lot of revenue by way of house rent from these residents and it is imperative that the PWD looks after the maintenance properly,\" Naik asserted.PWD junior engineer Vijay Ramnathkar, who looks after the maintenance works at Junta Quarters, said the department attends to complaints promptly. \"Yes, there is a proposal for structural strengthening of the B3 and B4 quarters, for which we have obtained the necessary approval and the estimates are being prepared. Maintenance is carried out regularly and there is no need for any concern,\" Ramnathkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12615703", "title": "Chidambaram suggests 3 amendments to Armed Forces Special Powers Act", "text": "SRINAGAR: Home minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday said his ministry has suggested three amendments to the controversial Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA), and that these will be taken up for consideration by the Cabinet committee on security (CCS) soon.Chidambaram, in Jammu for reviewing security, said, \"Once the decision is taken we will announce it.\" He did not elaborate what the amendments are but it may be pertinent to recall that J&K; chief minister Omar Abdullah had said he will seek revocation of AFSPA in at least four districts apart from reduction of troops in the state from the home minister.Asked about the implementation of the interlocutors' report on Kashmir, Chidambaram said it will be made public after it's taken up by CCS.Omar has pressed for the withdrawal of AFSPA from Jammu, Srinagar and Badgam with the home minister, and it's possible that his suggestions are included in the proposed amendments.Congress leaders who met Chidambaram vehemently opposed the revocation of AFSPA with MP Madan Lal Sharma saying, \"Time isn't ripe for its withdrawal.\"Talking about funding of terror groups from other countries, Chidambaram said the matter is under investigation. The matter came under discussion in the review meeting as well. The home minister, however, praised the state government for synergizing the activities of various security agencies which, he said, was responsible for bringing down militancy in recent years.On return of Kashmiri militants in POK, Chidambaram said the rehabilitation policy for surrendered militants will followed up vigorously. Besides Omar, heads of various security and intelligence agencies attended the review meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12615791", "title": "IIM-B to groom budding women politicians", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aspiring women politicians now have a place where they can polish their art. The Centre for Public Policy (CPP) at IIM Bangalore in collaboration with Delhi-based NGO, Centre for Social Research (CSR), launched a leadership programme - India-Women in Leadership - for budding women politicians on Tuesday.The first round of the 10-week programme will commence from July 16 at IIM-B. Course developers are keeping the criterion for eligibility fairly flexible saying that applicants should be about 25 and \"ideally,\" graduates. The first session, at least, will be in English though the team is considered translating course material into Hindi and other vernaculars. What they must have, however, as CPP chairperson, M V Rajeev Gowda puts it, is \"a demonstrable commitment to politics.\" By commitment the course developers mean participation in youth politics, college elections and similar activities.Serving as a sort of finishing school, the certificate course - rather dear at Rs. 4.75 lakh - will cover everything from legislative processes and theory of politics to media-management, creation of campaign material and harnessing of the power of social media. \"Most of us have last studied India in high school in any concrete manner,\" said Gowda. The course will include project work in the candidate's own constituency, a trip to Delhi during the monsoon session and another trip to Singapore to see how a developed country works. Workshops involving practicing politicians, lectures by academicians and discussions with political analysts and psephologists (those who study election trends) will also be a part of the course.\"Usually, women who join politics enter through channels created by their families. This course will enable other women to gain entry,\" said Ranjana Kumari, director, CSR. The NGO has been campaigning for the Women's Reservation Bill and holding small training sessions for women leaders for the last two years. Kumari said that if the bill goes through, the requirement of women in politics will increase manifold. At present, there are 60 women in the Lok Sabha and 24 in the Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12618200", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authorityearmarks Rs 1,200 cr for damages to land owners", "text": "GURGAON: There is bad news for thousands of plot owners. The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has set aside Rs 1,200 crore for paying up land owners fighting 'low compensation' cases in different courts.HUDA is fighting numerous cases in different courts both at the local and highest levels like the high court and the Supreme Court. The decision to earmark Rs 1,200 crore, which was taken recently, will be music to the ears of land owners who are set to win the legal battle for compensation. However, the hike in compensation is a different story for plot owners.From 2009 till last year, HUDA has doled out Rs 1,500 crore to the land owners of Gurgaon who secured a hike in compensation from different courts. There are no estimates of the benefits that accrued to land owners but according to conservative estimates, the figure runs into thousands.In Gurgaon, there are several chunks of land, now developed as HUDA areas in new sectors, of local farmers and zamindars, who had moved the high court and Supreme Court against the low compensation. A senior HUDA official said: \"There are several cases in which compensation might be increased by the courts and this will mean HUDA will have to pay the money to the land owners.\"After the recent Punjab and Haryana high court decision on the hike in compensation to land owners, HUDA had started issuing notices to the plot owners in six sectors seeking fresh payment to procure the additional money that would be paid to land owners.HUDA sources said that for the financial year 2012-13, the figure of Rs 1,200 crore was calculated after thorough discussion by HUDA officials who monitor court cases relating to compensation. Senior HUDA officials admit that the budget for the compensation is increasing every year with the courts awarding hikes.Last year, HUDA had doled out 883.82 crore to land owners who won court cases. In the past three years, the total budget of payments to land owners have increased manifold. In 2009-10 the agency paid Rs 101.68 crore and in 2010-11 it paid Rs 434.95 crore. For developing sectors, HUDA first acquired land from the farmers or land owners in the region. At the time of acquiring land HUDA pays compensation to the farmers. The state government's land acquisition policy has come under the scanner of the opposition parties and CAG in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12618235", "title": "Doll seller run over by bus at Red Hills", "text": "CHENNAI: A seller of dolls sleeping on the roadside near Red Hills was run over by a private bus early on Tuesday.Police said Ramasamy, 55, of Thendral Nagar in Tirumullaivoyal, who had put up a stall selling dolls at a temple festival in Red Hills, had gone to sleep after the day's sales were over. In the wee hours of Tuesday, a private bus ran over him, killing him on the spot.Based on information from residents in the locality, Madhavaram traffic investigation police registered a case under IPC Section 304 (a) (causing death by negligence) and arrested the bus driver K Marimuthu, 63, of Mondiamman Nagar, Red Hills.Police sent the body for a post mortem to Government Stanley hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12616429", "title": "Transport operators seek parking space", "text": "PUNE: Sample this. More than 800 private luxury buses move in and out of the city every day to destinations located in at least six neighbouring states. Add to this, another 1,500 transport trucks criss-crossing the city thoroughfares every day.Pune ranks among some of the busiest cities in terms of operations of private travel and transport vehicles that connect states like Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka and Goa, among others. At least five national highways pass through the city, connecting Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Nashik and Aurangabad.Yet the city has no dedicated parking facility for such high volume of heavy vehicles, which are left with little option but to park at make-shift locations in and around the city. This poses a serious traffic hazard to the road users.To resolve this issue, private bus and truck owners-operators have demanded dedicated parking terminals at strategic locations on the outskirts of the city. Such terminals would restrict the operation of private buses and trucks on city roads and help maintain traffic discipline, they have pointed out.However, these operators have lamented that the city and the district administration have failed to provide apt locations for such dedicated parking terminals despite the matter having been taken up, for long, with the authorities.On the other hand, private bus and truck drivers are facing action from the traffic police if these heavy vehicles are parked alongside the roads.The Pune District Luxury Bus Association has recommending dedicated parking slots in areas like Hadapsar, Katraj, Yerawada and Chinchwad. The association plans to develop basic passenger amenities and facilities like toilets and rest rooms for bus drivers, once the land is allotted by the Pune or Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations and the state government.\"When there are hundreds of buses that travel daily through the city, why is the administration not providing a dedicated parking land for daily operations?\" asked Balasaheb Khedekar, president of the association. \"Like state transport buses, the services of private buses have become an essential part of the transport industry as thousands of people are availing of our services on a daily basis.\"He said, \"We are expecting at least a 50% increase in passengers in view of the summer vacation. They would be inconvenienced as there are no authorised parking slots for private buses.\"Khedekar said, \"For the last few days, the traffic police and the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) traffic unit have started taking action against private buses mainly in areas like Hadapsar, Yerawada and the Pune-Mumbai road. A fine between Rs 200 to Rs 2,000 is being imposed for reasons that buses are parked alongside the road. Such action is not justified.\"Former member of the Pune Regional Transport Authority (RTA) Baba Shinde said, \"The issue of dedicated parking lot was tabled before the RTA in 2010. It was decided to initiate some concrete steps to identify vacant plots that could be allotted for parking of private buses and trucks. It looks that the proposal is yet to be implemented.\"A senior official from the PMC said there is a proposal to allot land for truck termini in the outskirts at all major roads that pass through the city.At present, private buses can be seen parked in Sangamwadi area, also at some spots on Satara road, Mumbai road and Yerawada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12617740", "title": "6 months after boy's death due to snake bite, his parents, sister attempt suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: Distraught over the sudden demise of their son six months ago, his parents and sister attempted to commit suicide by consuming a mixture of poisonous seeds on Monday night. The parents were found dead at their farm house in Kurumbapalayam near Pollachi on Tuesday morning while their daughter was rescued in a critical condition and is undergoing treatment in a private hospital.The deceased were identified as K Balasubramanian, 42, a farmer, and his wife B Soundaravalli, 37. Their daughter Divya, 13, is in critical condition. Police said Balasubramaian had two and a half acres of land at Kurumbapalayam village near Pollachi. He was living in a hut along with his wife Soundaravalli and children B Ajay, 16, and daughter Divya. Ajay was studying class X and Divya was in class VIII in a private school at Achipatti village. Six months ago, Ajay succumbed to a snake bite.The family was unable to bear his loss and decided to commit suicide. On Monday evening, Balasubramanian, Soundaravalli and Divya took sleeping pills. They also consumed arali seeds.On Tuesday morning, Shanmuga Sundaram, a farmer, who had come to Balasubramanian's house, found the couple dead. Divya was in a critical condition and was rushed to Pollachi Government Hospital. Later, she was referred to a private hospital in Pollachi. Police rushed to the spot and sent the bodies to Pollachi government hospital for postmortem. They have seized two suicide notes and a mobile phone from the house.Before committing suicide, Balasubramanian, recorded a message in his mobile phone pertaining to his suicide. \"We are unable to get over our son's death. Every day is a living hell. Our only resort is to commit suicide,\" he said. He had also instructed that his land be distributed among his sister's children.\"Our son died due to a snake bite. God took his life in the name of fate. We cannot continue living without Ajay. As time passes, the more we think about him,\" Soundaravalli wrote in a suicide note. She instructed that her gold jewels should be given to her brothers, in a suicide note.Divya's suicide note said, \"My elder brother is my life. We were happy when he was alive. But I cannot be happy any more. I asked my parents what they would do if I were to kill myself and they said they would kill themselves too. We could not continue living without my brother and thus we have taken this extreme step\".\"The family was under great distress after Ajay's death and they resorted to suicide. Divya is undergoing treatment at a private hospital. An investigation into the case is on,\" said P Balaji, deputy superintendent of police, Pollachi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12617906", "title": "Tamil nadu govt denies irregularity in housing scheme", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has denied any irregularity in the conception and allotment of the special housing scheme at Nerkundram near Koyambedu for state government employees as well as all India service officers serving in the state.The matter relates to a PIL filed by advocate P Pugalenthi stating the multi-crore scheme was an unfair largess shown on bureaucrats at the cost of public interest and money. When the matter came up before the first bench of Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam on Tuesday, advocate M Radhakrishnan said the project discriminated between two classes of government servants.In his counter, housing secretary K Phanindra Reddy said the 'own your housing scheme' was funded by beneficiaries and the price difference was due to difference in floor space index. The price - Rs 2442 per sqft for all India service officers block and Rs 2690 for state government employees - was low as compared to private buildings, because the latter built in hidden costs and escalated the rates, it said.The arguments will continue on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12618216", "title": "Anti-Gehlot stir gathers steam", "text": "JAIPUR: Opposition against chief minister Ashok Gehlot within the Congress legislative party ( CLP) is getting shriller by the day.As if complaining to the party high command, including to AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi, was not enough, the disgruntled legislators openly hit out at Gehlot on Tuesday for 'making misleading statements' about them.Barmer's Baytoo legislator and Gehlot's staunch critic, Sonaram Chaudhary denied before the media that the 15 Congress legislators who complained to the party high command recently were sent by the chief minister. Gehlot, on the contrary, tried to stop us from complaining against him. Some legislators even pulled out at the last minute under pressure from him. But we 15 met the high command against his wish,\" Sonaram asserted.He claimed to speak on behalf of the 14 legislators who met Gandhi on April 3 to complain against the working style of chief minister Gehlot. When contacted, Nimbahera legislator Udai Lal Anjana, who was among those who met the high command, supported Sonaram's statement. Since March this year, the band of disgruntled legislators have complained against the chief minister to union minister and Congress affairs' in-charge in Rajasthan Mukul Wasnik and Congress supremo Sonia Gandhi's political advisor Ahmed Patel.After meeting Sonia Gandhi on Monday, Gehlot told reporters in New Delhi that it was he who had been sending these legislators to the high command to express their grievances with the party top brass. Gehlot attempted to refute reports of the brewing resentment within the Congress's state unit against his ministers and bureaucrats and the opposition for him in particular.Amidst reports that the party high command was considering to replace Gehlot, tourism minister Bina Kak, too, met Sonia Gandhi early this month. The minister could not be reached for a comment.\"We are not just 15; many more legislators are opposed to his style of functioning. Contrary to his Gandhian image, he is an arrogant person. The other dissatisfied legislators (besides the 15), too, will come to the forefront at an appropriate time,\" Sonaram said.The legislator accused the chief minister of resting all the powers with him. \"All the important portfolios like home and finance are with him. Some of the ministers cannot even make clerk-level transfers,\" the Baytoo legislator said.Sonaram blamed Gehlot for the Congress's election setbacks of 2003 and 2004 and asked the chief minister to be thankful to the party high command and the legislators for giving him a second chance. \"After his first tenure as the chief minister (1998-2003), the party was reduced from 156 members to just 56 in the assembly elections (2003) and from 21 MPs to just four MPs in the Lok Sabha elections (2004),\" Sonaram said.In later half of 2011, the legislators and Congressmen repeatedly voiced their complaints against Gehlot and his ministers at the party forum in the state. Taking a serious view of these complaints and considering the Congress's debacle in four state's assembly elections recently, the party high command has already began taking feedback on the Gehlot government as the state would be going to elections next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12618508", "title": "Elephant attacks claimed 61 lives in state in 2011", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The incident of elephant depredation in the state is on the rise. It was evident from the facts that the annual average death in elephant attack till 2010-11 was 58, in 2011-12 it became 61.Similarly, elephants damaged crops in 7,341 acres in 2010-11 while in 2011-12 it was 10,942 acres. The state government had given compensation of Rs 144 lakh to the victims of elephant attack in 2010-11 and Rs 381.7 lakh in 2011-12, official sources said.Experts and forest officials discussed the increasing man-elephant conflict at a workshop on \"Conservation of elephants in Odisha and its challenges\". Speaking on the occasion, environment and forest minister Debi Prasad Mishra emphasized the need for protection of elephants and precautions that to be taken to reduce losses because of man-elephant conflict. The minister also highlighted the steps taken by the government.Principal chief conservator of forests P N Padhy said the elephant population is spread over 28 districts of the state. \"Of the total 1,886 elephants nearly 81% live in 11 sanctuaries while the rest 19% are distributed outside the protected area and cause most incidents of elephant depredation,\" he said.The president of the Nature and Wildlife Conservation Society of Odisha, M F Ahmed, emphasized on the special initiatives that need to be taken for conservation of elephants with active cooperation of the public and vigorous conservation programme by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12617417", "title": "Helmetless bike rider slams into median, dies", "text": "NAGPUR: An engineering student riding his bike rashly died after his vehicle rammed into the median at Ayurvedic Layout on Monday night.The deceased, 23-year-old, Akshay Babhulkar, was a resident of Shastri layout in Khamla and a third year electronic branch student. His friend, Aniket Watkar (21), who was riding pillion, is still stated to be in critical condition at a private hospital.Police said that both the friends were not wearing helmet. Cops are yet to check the bike's documents.Police said Babhulkar had gone to Aniket's house for studying. They started off from Aniket house at Dattatreya Nagar and were heading towards another friend's house when the incident took place, said police.Eye witnesses said that Akshay was riding the bike at high speed. \"The witnesses claimed that Akshay was riding the bike at high speed and talking with his friend at the same time. Hence, he could not control the speed when he saw the divider and rammed into it,\" said Sakkardara police.Eye witnesses claimed that the street lights are often not functioning on the road. However, police and the passers-by said that on Monday night, majority of the street lights were working except one or two. It is also being surmised that Babhulkar might have failed to see the divider.Police said that the bike dragged for some 25 feet before stopping. The cops took the parents of the deceased to show them the severity of the mishap.Cops said that Babhulkar was bleeding from head and was lying motionless. When rushed to nearby Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), he was declared brought dead, said police. Aniket was taken to private hospital. Police said Babhulkar's cell phone helped the cops to inform his parents.Babhulkar was the elder son of Subash and Sunita, who are lecturers at reputed colleges. His younger sister is a Std XI student.Apart from Babhulkar's friends, many professors gathered at Government Medical College and Hospital. Many of them said that riding helmetless might have proved fatal for Babhulkar, although they did not mention this to the police.Hudkeshwar police has registered a case against Babhulkar for rash driving. Police said that the bike belonged to Babhulkar but they are yet to check the documents.In another incident, a 35-year-old woman succumbed to her injuries sustained in a hit-and-run accident around 22 days ago.Ambika Uikey was a resident of Jaitala. On March 19, Ambika was walking towards Subash Nagar from Mate Square when an unidentified vehicle knocked her and fled the spot. She was undergoing treatment at a private hospital. She was declared dead on Monday night. Ambazari police has registered a case against the unidentified driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12617163", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation's Nashik-Pune route drivers plan stir", "text": "NASHIK: The employees of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation in Nashik have decided not to do \"return\" duty on Nashik-Pune route from April 13.\"The officials of Nashik division have failed to abide by the orders of the office of the deputy labour commissioner that they should pay for extra hours put in by the drivers on Nashik-Pune route. On the request of the office that we should cooperate with MSRTC, we had postponed our agitation till the next hearing-scheduled for April 12. From April 13, we will stop the 'return' duties of our drivers,\" Pramod Bhalekar, divisional secretary, MSRTC Kamgar Sanghatana, Nashik division, said.During last hearing on March 19, the office of the deputy labour commissioner had asked the MSRTC management to ensure complete payment of overtime and also asked the union to monitor if the payment was given accordingly. It also asked the union not to plan any agitation if the MSRTC was complying with the orders.\"Though they promised the deputy labour commissioner's office about the overtime due clearance, the officials told us it was not in their jurisdiction to act,\" Bhalekar said, adding very negligible number of drivers are doing return duties willingly while others were forced to given an undertaking that they were willing to work extra (for 13 hours total) and get overtime for only two-three hours.He claimed this was happening despite minister of state, MSRTC, Gulabrao Deokar promising in the House on March 28 that no drivers would be forced to take up 'return' duties. MSRTC officials ordered drivers in Pune division to start 'return' duties to Nashik. \"MSRTC officials know it is impractical. Drivers from Nashik and some other divisions are being forced to do the duties. We were also asked to take up the return duties, but we rejected it at once,\" P K Parab, divisional secretary, Pune division said.Senior officials refused to comment on the issue. \"It is the time for an agreement between the union and the management and the union is trying to drum up support for itself by planting the news in the media. They feel such news will further consolidate their position among the employees and at the same time strengthen their position for bargaining with the management. The management is well aware of their tricks,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12615800", "title": "Hit by power cuts, chest hospital gasps to fight swine flu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Once the nodal centre to fight swine flu in the state, the AP Chest Hospital at Erragadda is conspicuous by its absence in the picture now when the state is witnessing a fresh wave of the air-borne virus. It has been diverting suspected cases of swine flu to other hospitals ever since the outbreak last month the disease.Reason? the state-run teaching hospital is dogged by frequent power outages spanning over three hours daily. Without a separate substation of its own like other state-run teaching hospitals, all that it has is an old generator that is out of order. \"Running the 10-bed Respiratory Intensive Care Unit (RICU) is becoming difficult. We need round-the-clock power supply for operating the RICU. In case of outages, a backup is a must since the supply is essential for providing ventilator support,\" said a senior doctor at the hospital, adding that power cuts for three to four times a day were a daily occurrence.The hospital has two ventilators in working condition but due to power cuts they are unable to use them. It is learnt that the hospital authorities have given a detailed account of the situation to chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi, health secretary Ratna Kishore as well as health minister K Murali Mohan. The hospital authorities have been pursuing with the government for a separate substation without success.Doctors said that in a city like Hyderabad, there is a need for at least three to four facilities to cater to swine flu patients. If the cases are distributed evenly, proper care can be provided, they said. But now, the load is on Gandhi Hospital. Osmania General Hospital is also diverting paediatric cases to Gandhi because of non-availability of specialists. With Gandhi Hospital being the only multi-specialty facility that has a specialized team and equipment to handle cases, patients are forced to opt for private hospitals for treatment.Private hospitals are exploiting the situation by charging a whopping Rs 20,000 for providing a day's ventilator support when the same facility at Nims costs Rs 2,500 a day.Chest hospital doctors said that though they cannot handle pregnant women and paediatric cases, they can pitch in for HIV cases as well as those who do not have co-morbid conditions if the power supply is constant. Meanwhile, director, medical education Dr K Vishnu Prasad advised health professionals to wear H1N1 masks and maintain personal hygiene. The number of positive cases in the state touched 90 on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616316", "title": "High court asks BSES to pay Rs 7.5L to minor girl", "text": "NEW DELHI: A four-year-old girl, whose hand had to be amputated due to electrocution five years ago, was awarded a compensation of Rs 7.5 lakh by the Delhi high court.Directing the power distribution firm BSES Rajdhani to pay the amount to girl within a month, Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw allowed baby Anjum's plea seeking compensation from the company for its negligence leading to loss of her hand.\"The negligence of respondent ( discom) is writ at large and speaks for itself. Considering the petitioner is a girl child and has to lead her entire life with handicap which has been evaluated by Safdarjung hospital at 85%, I feel the compensation of Rs 7.5 lakh to be appropriate,\" Justice Endlaw said.The girl's father had said in his petition that BSES had installed a transformer on an electric pole adjacent to his house at Indra Park in west Delhi with the transformer barely being at an arm's length from the roof of the house. The girls' father alleged that despite his request to remove the transformer nothing had been done by the company and his pleas fell on deaf ears.In March 2007, his daughter, Anjum, came in contact with the transformer while playing on the rooftop of her house. The impact of the electric shock was so huge that Anjum fell off the roof and one of her hands had to be amputated to save her life, the petition stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616223", "title": "Special team to look into toy train woes", "text": "MUMBAI: Following assurances from Central Railway, a delegation from Matheran that met CR officials decided to adopt a wait-and-watch approach on the toy train service.The railway authorities told the delegation that the train will run as per schedule. A special maintenance team will be sent for this purpose.On Monday, villagers and political party leaders staged a rail roko and shut down shops in Matheran to protest against CR's alleged apathy towards toy trains, which was affecting their business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12616919", "title": "Engineering colleges, polytechnics to have 20% more seats", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Tuesday approved 20% extra seats in engineering and polytechnic institutions for admissions in second year of engineering degree and diploma courses through lateral entry in the state.Principal secretary, cabinet, Ravikant, said that with this decision, 1125 more engineering diploma holders would be admitted to engineering colleges. Besides, this would lead to 1250 additional seats for admission in second year in polytechnics for the students completing the ITI vocational courses.The cabinet also took a decision to create 5% additional seats for admission to first year engineering degree courses and in polytechnics for economically backwards students whose parents' annual income is less than Rs 4.50 lakh.It was also decided to open a police station to control cybercrime and create six posts of different level to run this police station, he said.In another major decision, the cabinet approved appointment of candidates holding diploma (three-year course) in computer science and engineering/computer application/information technology to the posts of assistant programmer, programming assistant, technical assistant, IT assistant, junior network/system engineer and data entry operator in various government departments, the principal secretary said.The cabinet also gave its nod for starting survey work for social, economic and caste census under a Government of India scheme. A sum of Rs 189.23 crore will be spent for this purpose. The survey will be completed in six months. The survey will, among other things, help identify the people below poverty line.It was also decided to dismiss the then child development project officer, Tilauthu, Rohtas, Nilima Sinha, on different charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12617066", "title": "Girl files kidnap attempt case against 2 former colleagues", "text": "JAIPUR: A girl has registered an FIR with the Lalkhothi police station alleging that two youths tried to kidnap her while she had come to Maharani College to appear in an exam on Tuesday.The girl has been identified as Renu Choudhary. She is the daughter of a policeman deputed in the Rajasthan Police Academy. She alleged that the youths tried to force her into their car.\"The girl says that she was standing outside the college when two men - Ashu Choudhary and Abhishek -came there in a car. She also alleged that the duo snatched her jewellery, including a gold chain and a ring,\" a police officer said.However, police said the youths were known to her as all of them used to work in a finance company located in Ashok Nagar.\"We have registered the case and investigation is on. Statement of the girl has been taken. It has come up during preliminary investigation that the girl and the youths had an old dispute when they were working together. Cases had also been registered in the past,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12622536", "title": "Indus Creed set to release new album", "text": "It may have taken them almost two decades to do this, but fans aren't complaining. India's hottest rock band is back again with a bang and ready to release their new album later this month.Universal Music India signs the trailblazing Indian rock band Indus Creed for their latest album Evolve, their first studio album since 1995. Indus Creed set the stage for what we recognize today as the definitive rock movement in India --- unshackled, pathbreaking, well-produced original music embodying the spirit of free expression and individuality. They are known for their expansive and melodic sound, Indus Creed, promises to raise the bar for rock in India with their latest offering.Evolve is a truly global creation boasting some remarkable talent from across the world. It was recorded in Mumbai, mixed in Austin, Texas by Grammy-nominated mixing engineer Tim Palmer ( Pearl Jam , Robert Plant , Ozzy Osbourne , U2, Tears for Fears) and mastered in New York City by veteran mastering engineer Andy VanDette ( Rush , Porcupine Tree, Beastie Boys ). The album is scheduled to release later this month.Says Indus Creed frontman Uday Benegal, \"This has been a labour of love...and blood, sweat, tears and more for us. We're thrilled to be putting out an album together after all these years, and with the collaborations of such phenomenal talent like Tim Palmer and Andy VanDette. We are also very happy to be releasing it through Universal Music, who really seem to get our music. We couldn't have asked for better partners all around.\"Said Devraj Sanyal, Managing Director, Universal Music, India &amp; SAARC, \"I was a Rock Machine fan from the year they started and was their front row head-banger before I formed my own band Brahma and shared the stage with them for almost two decades and continue to do so. So for me this is surreal. Indus Creed are the flag bearers of original rock music in India and they define what good rock music needs to be - lyrically, musically and vocally. Evolve is an album that ranks far above any of their earlier stuff and new songs like Fireflies, The Money and Take It Harder are destined to go beyond our shores very soon simply because it's the best music I've heard in a long time. And we at Universal Music India are committed to roll out a red carpet marketing plan for this album besides we will endeavour to use the might of the Universal Music global network to take this album across boundaries.\"The award-winning band has a stack of historic achievements, one of the highlights being their jam with Guns 'N' Roses former lead guitarist Slash , at the launch of MTV India. They are also the first Indian act for whom MTV produced a Rockumentary.Indus Creed is composed of Uday Benegal (vocal, guitars), Mahesh Tinaikar (guitars), Zubin Balaporia (keyboards), Rushad Mistry (bass), Jai Row Kavi (drums).Evolve will be released on physical and digital formats later this month exclusively on Universal MusicTrack list:1) Fireflies2) Dissolve3) The Money4) Take It Harder5) No Disgrace6) Come Around7) Bulletproof8) Goodbye", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12618188", "title": "Petition against sports minister for \u2018insulting\u2019 national flag", "text": "GURGAON: A petition has been filed in a city court against the state sports minister after TOI had published a photo which showed the minister holding the national flag in an improper manner during a sporting event in city.The petition was filed by the former president of the district bar association, Kulbhushan Bharadwaj. The court has set the date of April 18 for the next hearing. Former bar president told TOI that he had filed the petition in the court of judicial magistrate first class, Ashok Kumar. \"The petition has been filed under Section 2 of Prevention of Insult to National Honour Act, 1971. The minister had dipped the flag, thereby showing disrespect to it. This is the reason is why the petition has been filed,\" said Bharadwaj. The minister in contention here is local MLA and state sports minister, Sukhbir Kataria. There was a sports meet some days back in Sector 56 and opening of a private gym club where the minister flagged off a marathon. The minister allegedly dipped the flag which has been viewed as an insult to the tricolour. Lawyers Pradeep Kumar Khatana and Ashok Kumar Verma will be representing Bharadwaj's case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12618194", "title": "Immunization drive against measles in city soon", "text": "BHOPAL: Children, new born to five years of age- would be vaccinated, in a measles immunization drive to begin in the city shortly. Children who have already been immunized would also be covered, informed the district chief medical and health officer (CMHO).District CHMO Dr Pankaj Shukla said, \"Similar drive has been carried out in Ujjain and Gwalior districts.\" In Bhopal 158 positive cases of measles have been detected so far this year, comparatively higher than last year, according to the health department.In 2010, under the National Immunization Programme, the Indian council of medical research (ICMR) had recommended the single dose of measles vaccine to be replaced with a double dose. While, the first dose is given at nine months of age, the second dose is administered at 18 months of age along with the DPT booster dose.\"The new method is backed by Indian Academy of Pediatrics,\" said Dr Shukla. Earlier in February this year about 50 children were administered emergency care after measles outbreak in Nalkheda village in Berasia tehsil of Bhopal.According to the WHO , India is largely accountable for the lack of progress in the drop in number of measles deaths worldwide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12616558", "title": "Jalandhat Cantt octroi abolished: Directorate General Defence Estates", "text": "JALANDHAR: The Directorate General Defence Estates has finally announced to abolish octroi in Jalandhar Cantt and a notification to this effect is already being published.According to a communication by the DGDE, regarding Jalandhar cantonment, the proposed notification had been received and approved by the ministry of defence and had also been vetted by the ministry of law. \"It has been sent for publication in Part III, Section 4 of Gazette of India,\" the communique has added.It has been conveyed to the authorities of the Cantt Board that the octroi collection in Jalandhar Cantt would be suspended as soon as the notification would be published - which is expected very soon.About the Ferozepur Cantt, the communique has revealed that the draft public notice and proposed draft were approved by MoD and vetted by ministry of law, after which it had been sent to Cantt Board in first week of February for inviting objections and suggestions from public. The final draft notification from Ferozepur Cantt Board is still being awaited by the DGDE.The DGDE and MoD gave their nod for \"suspending\" octroi after Punjab assured that to compensate both the boards for revenue loss. The residents had been demanding that octroi had been abolished in the state in 2006, but they were still paying and it was a disparity for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620435", "title": "Prosenjit Chatterjee is back with a roar", "text": "Lions aren't meant to be held in cages - and they couldn't hold back Bikram Singha.Prosenjit Chatterjee, in his feisty avatar as the hard-hitting cop, bent the bars and swaggered out to loud applause and ceetees. The event? The unveiling of the look of \"Bikram Singha: The Lion is Back\" at a Sealdah megastore on Tuesday morning.\"Using a cage in a film promotional is a unique concept. We had a gala time as we danced to the song \"Dhin tak tak chitak chitak\",\" smiled Prosenjit. With the actor, his co-star Richa Gangopadhyay, director Rajib and music director Pritam attended the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616131", "title": "Water crisis looms over 9 districts", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as summer is yet to set in, nearly 650 villages and 3,200 hamlets in nine districts in Maharashtra are facing the worst-ever shortage of drinking water.\"In the last five years, it's a worst-ever situation. Water levels in irrigation dams have reduced drastically. In the last week of March, the administration deployed tankers and bullock carts to supply water, but we are unable to tackle the situation ,\" a senior bureaucrat told TOI on Tuesday.Significantly, after NCP president Sharad Pawar's observations over inept handling of the water situation, the state administration appears to be drafting a new strategy. \"In the past too, we have initiated measures to tackle drought. However, it is shocking that over the last few years, we were unable to chalk out a water conservation programme that will halt recurrence of drought,\" a senior official said.According to the revenue department's preliminary survey, nearly 650 villages and 3,200 hamlets in Ahmednagar, Nashik, Dhule, Solapur, Satara, Sangli, Osmanabad, Pune and Latur were worst affected. Satara is the hometown of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, while former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh belongs to Latur.Last year, the revenue department had deployed 31 tankers and 28 bullock carts, however till April 8, over 728 tankers have been deployed to supply water to affected areas in the nine districts. On March 31, nearly 577 tankers were put in service for supplying water. \"It's a difficult situation. The number of tankers has increased from 577 to 728 in a span of 10 days,\" a senior official said.On the available water in irrigation dams across the state, the bureaucrat said, against the total capacity, only 29% water was available in 2,436 dams as on April 9 while on the same day last year, the stock stood at 44%.The stock of water in irrigation dams was 44% (Konkan), 20% (Marathwada), 32% (Nagpur), 23% (Amravati), 23% (Nashik) and 26% (Pune). In 2011 during the same period, the water stock stood at 52% (Konkan), 46% (Marathwada), 44% (Nagpur), 37% (Amravati), 39% (Nashik) and 44% (Pune).\"Currently, there is no likelihood of large-scale migration due to a large number of projects under the employment guarantee scheme,\" the bureaucrat said.\"However, in future, workers may shift to neighbouring Gujarat in search of a job. In the past, labourers from Maharashtra have shifted either to Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh or Karnataka. Our effort will be halt migration. We have provided jobs to 6.22 lakh workers and we will undertake more projects to create more employment,\" he said.Opposition slams govt over shortageMUMBAI: With the water shortage gripping a number of districts, the opposition on Tuesday hit out at the government and blamed it for mishandling the crisis during a discussion in the legislative council on Tuesday. Leader of the opposition in the legislative council Vinod Tawde alleged that the state government's inefficiency was at the heart of the crisis.Tawde demanded a revamp of the procedure adopted to declare a district as 'drought-prone'. He also demanded that the area under irrigation be considered as a parameter while deciding the position of water scarcity in a district. BJP member Pandurang Phundkar said the government must adopted a long-term strategy in tackling the crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12618156", "title": "Squatters set ablaze two earth movers", "text": "BOKARO: More than 200 squatters set ablaze two earthmovers and pelted stones at police during the anti-encroachment drive conducted by Bokaro Steel Plant (BSP) with the support of the district administration here on Tuesday. The incident occurred when the joint team, under a directive from the Jharkhand high court, was demolishing unauthorized shanties near Sector IV/G.No one was seriously injured with some policemen sustaining minor injuries. However, two magistrates and about 50 policemen were trapped when BSL officers, along with security personnel and firemen, fled the spot leaving them helpless before the fury of the agitators.\"We are lucky that we escaped unhurt from the attack. BSL security personnel and officers left us in a very bad situation. I was shocked to see them fleeing the scene,\" said Sanjay Sinha, a magistrate deployed to conduct the drive.DSP Anil Shanker said the anti-encroachment drive to remove about 200 unauthorized shanties had begun peacefully in the morning. Majority of structures were demolished by the time it was 12 pm.However, the situation turned hostile at the arrival of some politicians who supported the squatters.Soon the agitators blocked the road and threw burning tyres and stones on police which forced them to retreat. Later, they set ablaze two earthmovers brought in to demolish structures.\"The BSL officials have cheated us. If they had not fled the spot, the situation would have not turned so violent. Our policemen and guards had a narrow escape. Later on, when we tried to contact the BSL authorities, they didn't pick up the phones,\" said Shanker.He also added that they were waiting for BSL officials for the details tom lodge an FIR regarding the matter. Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar said the situation was under control and peace had been restored in the area.A BSL officer, who reached the spot after an hour of the incident, said they were assessing the matter. BSL chief of communication Sanjay Tiwari, however, avoided commenting further on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12620785", "title": "Release of Italian hostage will be facilitated if Odisha govt implements decisions: Maoists", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Maoists holding Italian Paolo Bosusco hostage on Wednesday welcomed 'certain' steps taken by the Odisha government to meet their demands while the fate of BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka held by another Naxal group was still unknown as the deadline set by both sides ended on Tuesday.In a fresh audio message to a section of the media, top leader of the Odisha State Organising Committee of CPI (Maoist) Sabyasachi Panda said contents of the joint statement signed by Odisha government representatives and Naxal-named mediators for Bosusco's release were now known to them.The message came a day after the deadline fixed by both the Maoist groups behind abduction of the Italian and the Laxmipur legislator expired on Tuesday.In the first positive signal since the kidnapping of Bosussco on March 14, Panda welcomed some steps taken by the state government and said release of the Italian would be facilitated if the decisions contained in the joint statement are implemented in a democratic way.The Maoist leader, however, did not indicate as to when, where and how the Italian national could be freed.Panda's message was significant as it came a day after release of his wife Subhashree Das alias Mili Panda from jail following her acquittal by a court in an encounter case. She is one of the people whose release Bosusco's abductors want.The Maoist leader said mass organisations like Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS) should also be allowed to function freely without any restriction or ban in a democracy, while alleged atrocities by the police must end.He also condemned Odisha Police Association opposing release of certain 'hardcore' Maoists.Panda had on Tuesday claimed that he was yet to receive a copy of the joint statement signed by government representatives and the Maoist mediators on April 7.Meanwhile, there was no word from another group, the Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee holding the BJD MLA which had sought immediate release of 30 people and their presence for a swap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12617665", "title": "Telefilm on Servant of God Msgr Raymond released", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore bishop Most Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza, released telefilm 'Kalpavally' based on the life of Msgr Raymond FC Mascarenhas here on Monday. On the occasion, the bishop also launched www.rfcmascarenhas.com, a website on Servant of God Raymond. Msgr Raymond is the first and only Servant of God on the path to sainthood in Roman Catholic Church originating from Indian Konkani community of Mangalore.The sacred year-long observances spear headed by the Congregation of the Sisters of the Little Flowers of Bethany will bring into focus the 50th year 2009- 2010, of the death of the Servant of God Raymond (23 January 1875 to 23 December 1960). He is the founder of the only indigenous order of Bethany Sisters in Mangalore (1921) and the founder and first parish priest of Bendore parish (1914-1931).Sr Rose Celine, secretary of Bethany Education Society explained that 100 artistes acted in the film and most of them were students and teachers of Little Flower School, Kinnigoli. The website contains nine sections namely messages, news, details about cause of Msgr. Raymond.The bishop, while appreciating the noble deeds of Bethany Education Society, said awareness about the website will create awareness of Msgr Raymond and his achievements. \"Msgr Raymond established Bethany Congregation in Mangalore. Today Bethany congregation is spread all over India, imparting quality education. His achievements should be brought to the knowledge of the public,\" Bishop opined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12615527", "title": "Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority drops urgency clause", "text": "NOIDA: The Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA), following a government order, has dropped the controversial urgency clause in acquisition of land for its developmental work. The clause would be lifted from those villages that had been notified for acquisition and where the final award is still pending. According to YEIDA officials, the decision has been taken following a continuous stream of verdicts from the Allahabad high court, where land acquired from farmers without hearing objections, to be returned to them. Around 171 villages in the districts of Gautam Budh Nagar and Bulandshahr had been notified for acquisition by the YEIDA. More than 70 of these villages are in Gautam Budh Nagar alone.The YEIDA has confirmed that none of this land, which will be notified afresh, has been allotted for any purpose. Farmers, on the other hand, have said that they are open to selling their lands at good rates if land is acquired through negotiation rather than force.\"The decision has been taken by the government given the verdicts in favour of farmers whose land was notified under Section 4 of the Land Acquisition Act and then acquired through Section 17, the urgency clause,\" said RK Singh, DCEO of YEIDA. \"In all such cases, section 5A had been dispensed with, which is the provision to invite objections before acquisition. Now, all such cases where land had been notified for acquisition by the urgency clause have been dropped,\" added Singh.\"There would be fresh acquisition of this land after inviting objections from farmers. The process for this is yet to begin,\" said Singh. \"The land had been notified for acquisition for construction of residential, commercial, institutional and industrial projects along the expressway. YEIDA had not allotted this land, neither for any developmental purpose to be undertaken by the government nor for construction of residential or other projects by real estate developers, since it was yet to come under our possession,\" he added.Farmers of villages along the Yamuna Expressway, who had been opposing the urgency clause, say that more than 40,000 bighas of land from more than 70 villages in Gautam Budh Nagar had been notified for acquisition. Big parcels of land had been notified, particularly from villages of Dankaur, Rampur, Kheligaon, Acchhepur, Chandpur, Sabota and Dudhera, among others, in the district.The Kisan Sangharsh Samiti, a farmers' organization fighting against forcible land acquisition in the district, issued a statement saying that it is a big victory for them. \"It is a tribute to farmers who laid down their lives fighting against forcible acquisition. We are open to selling our lands at good rates and there would be no issues if land is acquired through negotiations rather than by force,\" said a statement from the organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12617990", "title": "Experts: Onus on family, teachers to avoid deaths", "text": "BANGALORE: Exams are over and the season of results is in . Fourteen-year-old S Stalin's suicide, allegedly after his parents reprimanded for his poor performance in Class VIII exam , is the first of such incidents to hit the city this year.Experts feel parents and teachers have to act with some sense of responsibility to avoid this summer turning into a season of suicides.\"Both parents and teachers are responsible for such incidents. You cannot put down a child just because he or she has not scored well. Children are also human beings with all kinds of stress and confusion . Nobody is being stopped from asking children to improve on their academics, but convey it in a different way . Talk to them and understand their point of view . 'Can I know what is the problem ?' or 'May I help you ?' are ways in which you can strike conversation with them ,\" said Swarnalatha Iyer , consultant psychologist.\"Teachers cannot wash their hands of responsibilities . If you cannot manage every single child in the class , you have no right to be a teacher . Every child has some unique talent in him or her . A teacher's job is to dig out that unique ability ,\" Swarnalatha explained.Psychologists say effective parenting is the need of the hour. \"It becomes critical to find out the source of pressure in such cases. The guilt of having letting down parents might also be the cause. In such situations, it is parents' responsibility to communicate effectively,\" said Anand A Rao, clinical psychologist, Psycho Clinic and Research Centre, Banashankari.WHERE TO CALL FOR HELPSAHAI 25497777Timing:10am to 6pm Monday to SaturdayPARIVARTAN 25298686/25273462Timing:4 pm to 10 pm Spandana 65000111/65000222 Round-the-clock", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12618404", "title": "Words uttered in reaction not abetment to suicide: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: \"Utterance of words, by way of reaction, would not amount to abetment to commit suicide,\" ruled the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court while granting partial relief to a Jalgaon-based husband after a decade of legal battle. Prakash Bhalerao, a 45-year-old labourer, was accused of abetting his wife's suicide on account of ill-treatment and physical harassment under influence of alcohol.\"The accused may not have even intended that she should be eliminated nor have the knowledge that she may take his words as command. In fact, it appears that Kalpana, on her own accord, had demonstrated her intention to commit suicide. In reaction, the accused had only said she may have her way. Therefore, he cannot be held liable for the offence punishable under Section 306 of IPC,\" ruled a single-judge bench of Justice Sadhana Jadhav.Bhalerao was married to Kalpana for 14 years and they had two sons. The incident took place on September 2, 1997, and Kalpana was admitted to Bhusawal Municipal Hospital after sustaining burn injuries. In her dying declaration, Kalpana had disclosed that Bhalerao used to ill-treat her and occasionally beat her up under the influence of alcohol suspecting her chastity.On the fateful day, when she was fed up with the harassment, a quarrel ensued between the couple. Bhalerao had abused her inside the house and then assaulted her just outside. She was angry and therefore, threatened that she would immolate herself. At that juncture, Bhalerao told her that she may go ahead and handed over a matchbox to her. She went inside the house and set herself afire resulting. She, however, had specifically stated that Bhalerao had not set her ablaze and she took this extreme step herself.On the basis of her statement, Bhusawal police registered an offence under Sections 498A, 306, 323, 504 and 506 of IPC. The Jalgaon session court on April 25, 2001, convicted Bhalerao on the same basis and sentenced him to three-year rigorous imprisonment (RI) under Section 498A for demanding dowry and further RI of five years under Section 306 for abetting wife's suicide.This verdict was challenged in the high court. Justice Jadhav found Bhalerao guilty of crime under section 498A. \"The evidence on record would go to show there was harassment and ill-treatment over a passage of time. That she was frustrated, fed up and could not take any more and therefore, she would prefer to end her life. It is clear that cruelty, as defined under Section 498A was meted out to Kalpana and hence the appellant-accused is liable to be convicted for that,\" the judge ruled while freeing him of abetment charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12617948", "title": "Bike thief leads police to his shop full of stolen footwear", "text": "CHENNAI: A youth caught stealing a bike was found to have been running a shop near Moore Market stocked with expensive shoes and chappals stolen from outside places of worship in the city.Police said Azeez, 25, was walking near the Memorial Hall a few days ago when he spotted a TVS Scooty Pep that was not locked. He towed it towards Evening Bazaar Road and saw two men standing near a tea shop.When he offered to sell them the vehicle for a mere Rs 1,000, they grew suspicious and informed a patrolling team of traffic police and the youth was caught.Soon, Flower Bazaar inspector P Shanmugam (crime) and his team rushed there and picked up Azeez. He admitted to stealing the bike. Further grilling revealed he had stolen several pairs of chappals and shoes from places of worship and was selling them at an 'outlet' for the past one year.Azeez told police he lived in a make-shift tent on a pavement.\"Azeez initially sold the stolen footwear to second-hand outlet shops and got about Rs 50-75 for a pair before deciding to put up a shop of his own. He sold the footwear for Rs 150-200 a pair claiming they had been used by film units and that he had bought them in bulk,\" an investigating officer said.\"Usually, people don't prefer a complaint about stolen chappals or shoes and this became an advantage to Azeez,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mandekolu (sullia)", "code": "12617629", "title": "CM D V Sadananda Gowda rolls out goodies bag for his village", "text": "MANDEKOLU (SULLIA): A school boy from this backward village in Dakshina Kannada in his avatar as chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Tuesday loosened purse strings of the state treasury to put it on the accelerated path to development. The chief minister's largesse for the day is Rs 9.25 crore aimed at addressing the most basic needs of the village - identified once by a media survey as the most backward village in DK.The goodies bag did not stop there. The CM addressing his village elders and Gen Next from the very school premises in the village that he grew up said, \"Sullia taluk as a whole will get Rs 79 crore during the current fiscal for its various development needs. I have allocated special grants of Rs 5 crore for each of the eight assembly taluks in Dakshina Kannada district in the budget,\" the CM said.Observing that he never dreamt of standing before his villagers as chief minister he said, \"This is mainly due to the blessings of all, village deity and the opportunity given to me by my party that I have come to this exalted position.\"The BJP deserved the credit for giving even a person, who hailed from a remote backward village, to occupy the top post in the state, CM said adding he would ensure that none of his acts brought disgrace to the village ever.Defending the largesse that includes Rs 4 crore for development of Sullia-Ajjavara-Mandekolu-Addoor inter-state road, bridge across Payaswini on Jalsoor-Muroor-Mandekolu Road at Muroor at the cost of Rs 4 crore, development of Baithadka-Mandekolu Road at a cost of Rs 80 lakh and bridge at Mavinapalla on the Baithadka-Mandekolu at a cost of Rs 45 lakh, the chief minister said, \"It is my vision to see no village in the state remains backward.\"Asserting that he has maintained a clean slate in the last eight months at the helm of affairs, the CM said it was his firm belief that corruption in the administration could be rooted out with timely delivery of vital services to people. \"Sakala is the instrument chosen by me for this purpose. Lack of hands in providing transparent administration is a issue. But, I will manage the situation and am determined to stop corruption,\" the chief minister added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616035", "title": "\u2018Fetters on press hurt democracy\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former law minister and anti-Emergency crusader Shanti Bhushan on Tuesday pleaded with a Supreme Court's five-judge constitution bench not to go ahead with the framing of reporting guidelines and said fetters on press freedom would impede democracy.Bhushan cited the infamous ADM Jabalpur case judgement rendered by a constitution bench of the Supreme Court, which had by 4:1 majority upheld suspension of right to life during the Emergency, and said it was destructive of the republican form of democracy, where people were sovereign and had the censorial power over the government and not the other way round.\"The government in this context means all institutions of governance which would include the executive, the legislature as well as the judiciary,\" he said and demanded to know an instance when media had caused miscarriage of justice.\"It is the media reporting which keeps people informed about justice delivery system and in a way keeps it in track. Is it the apprehension of the apex court that media reports influence our trained judges?If not, then framing guidelines is meaningless. All burning issues in India are pending in one court or the other. Should the people stop talking about it? Should people be not informed about it?\" he asked.Concluding arguments before a bench comprising Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia and Justices D K Jain, S S Nijjar, R P Desai and J S Khehar, Bhushan said, \"I beseech your Lordships not to be a party to curtail press freedom which is the bedrock of democracy\".The bench clarified that it was not an adversarial litigation but wanted to know whether reporting of certain events could be postponed.It gave the example of the couple, who were arrested on their return from foreign holiday for alleged ill-treatment of their maid. The bench said a media blitz almost painted the couple guilty even before a case was registered. \"Can we say that the couple did not have a right to apply for anticipatory bail?\" it asked.\"We are talking of ground realities and want to know whether there could be guidelines to protect the right to life of accused and witness. We know there cannot be a straight-jacket formula,\" it said.Appearing for the daily \"The Hindu\", senior advocate Anil Divan termed the exercise for formulation of reporting guidelines by the apex court as an unprecedented event and pointed out two primary shortcomings in the process.\"If the Supreme Court lays down guidelines and parliament adopts them to enact the law, then the citizens would be barred from challenging the law even if their fundamental right to freedom of speech and expression was violated. The guidelines cannot be 'be all, end all' propositions visualizing all possible situations. Should the people be deprived of their right to question legality of such a law?\" he asked.Secondly, framing of guidelines to fill a legal vacuum for protection of right to dignity of accused, if coercive or binding, was a quasi-legislative exercise, he said. \"But, the legislative process demands that there should be a draft Bill which would be subjected to debate and possible amendments before voting. Where are the draft guidelines on media reporting? What are the concrete proposals to debate on,\" he asked. The bench said if the court could not lay down binding guidelines, then no Visaka judgment would have been passed laying down norms against sexual harassment of women at workplace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12616480", "title": "Integrated Check Post runs into controversy before its formal launch", "text": "AMRITSAR: Before India's first Integrated Check Post (ICP) could take off, it has run into a controversy over exorbitant increase in labour rates by Central Warehousing Corporation (CWC), which is custodian of goods at the ICP.Despite soft-launching of passengers and cargo facilities at the ICP on March 8 and 9 respectively, the standoff continues between traders and CWC with the former adamant on not allowing any truck movement during inauguration of ICP by home minister P Chidambaram on March 13, unless the increased rates were rolled back.General Secretary of Customs Clearing Agents Association Dilip Singh told TOI that from the old trade route, the traders had to pay Rs 1,200 per truck as \"handling charges\" which have now been increased to Rs 2,600 a truck.Similarly, he said, as against the previous charges of Rs 5 per package of offloading and loading of cargo in trucks, the CWC was now charging Rs 16 per package. \"This is an unbelievable increase in labour charges which will only discourage trade,\" he said.A delegation of traders held a meeting with the officials of CWC, visiting secretary border management E Ahmad and other officials and allowed export of around 80 truckloads of perishables including fresh tomatoes only after getting assurance of a rollback.Dilip Singh said that traders have refused to send more than 120 truckloads of soybean to Pakistan as they had expressed inability in paying the increased labour charges.Sources said when a truck arrives at Attari land border for offloading goods in Pakistan, the contractors charge Rs 1,200 per truck as handling charges. The CWC has given the labour contract for import and export to Ludhiana and Delhi-based contractors.An importer and exporter, Mukesh Sindhwani, said that CWC never took the traders in confidence before increasing the rates and instead consulted only the labour leaders. \"They should have talked to us, ICP is for the promotion of trade and not for discouraging traders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12618576", "title": "Grey skies leave city powerless", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As the sky turned grey on Tuesday afternoon followed by rain, many sectors in the city had to put up with unscheduled power cuts. According to officials of the UT electricity department, the power supply was cut off from Mohali. As there was no supply from the township, Chandigarh fell short of nearly 40% of electricity.A similar situation had arisen two days ago because of which there was no light for nearly two hours. UT superintending engineer M P Singh said, \"The power supply was cut off from Mohali due to some grid failure which is why the light went off but it was not for long. In such situations, we reallocate power supply that we get from other power stations to resume electricity supply in affected areas.\"The power supply was shut down twice in the afternoon for nearly one hour each because of which residents of various sectors were inconvenienced as they had to make do without electricity.Ramesh Kumar , a resident of Sector 45 said, \"In the afternoon the sky turned black and it became very dark and then the light went off. We could do nothing but sit idle.\" Tashi Sehgal, a student, who is a resident of Sector 38 said, \"I was studying in the afternoon for my exam when the electricity failed. It was really dark outside and opening of doors and windows too did not brighten up the house. Even on Saturday there was a power cut for more than two hours.\"Tuesday also saw chaos at various light points due to non-functioning of traffic lights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12618486", "title": "Rising mercury triggers demand of ACs, coolers", "text": "KANPUR: The sale of ACs and coolers had picked up in the city as the mercury is gradually rising. The markets are flooded with different kinds of ACs and coolers. There are two types of coolers, the ones that are locally made and the branded ones.The buyers of coolers and ACs can visit shops on Nai Sadak, Parade, Nehru Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, Govind Nagar, Lal Bangla, Kakadeo, Vijay Nagar and Birhana Road and select from a wide rage of varieties.Coolers having plastic body like ACs and attractive finish are also available and become a rage among the buyers. These coolers are light, make less noise and can be easily fitted in rooms. It is an added advantage that these gadgets occupy less space. Many people still demand traditional type of coolers that are made out of tin and have a sturdy body.The coolers are available in different price ranges.A cooler manufacturer at Nehru Nagar told TOI that these are available from as low as Rs 1,200 to Rs 10,000. The Rs 1,200 cooler is meant for a small room. The traditional coolers are locally assembled. The body, motor and exhaust fan are available separately and sold as one complete unit by the sellers. The cost of motor and exhaust fan differs according to the quality.The demand for the ACs had also increased. The air conditioners are available in different price ranges and of different capacities.\"Both the window and the split ACs are in demand. For office purpose, split ACs are preferred. For homes, window ACs are perfect,\" a shopkeeper at Birhana Road said.People have started coming to his store inquiring about the ACs and the cost with the start of the summer season. The ACs are available in the market from Rs 11,000 to 30,000 for household purposes.Different companies are selling ACs. The companies are giving discounts. The offers are like giving cash discount or offering free gifts. Some companies offer services like providing free handling and maintenance of the product and so on. The dealers ensure that AC is fitted by his men into the residence or the office of the buyer free of cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "12618458", "title": "Kidnapped Bhadrak woman escapes from abductors", "text": "Bhadrak: A woman allegedly kidnapped from Bhadrak's Tihidi area in December 2011 managed to escape from her captors recently. The 22-year-old had been allegedly held captive near Tirupati in Andhra Pradesh. But she managed to escape and reach Bhubaneswar on April 4 and go to the Mahila police station that directed her to the Bhadrak SP.She filed an FIR with Tihidi police. \"After she filed the FIR, we have detained two persons, Ranjan Prusty and Deepak Patra, but the prime accused Sumanta Sahoo is on the run,\" said Sriballava Sahoo, the IIC of Tihidi police station.She has alleged in her FIR that the trio kidnapped her on a false pretext. They had come to her house in a car and told that her husband has met with a serious accident and undergoing treatment at the Tihidi hospital. But when she reached the hospital, the trio told her that he has been shifted to Bhadrak district headquarters hospital. The same story unfurled when they reached Bhadrak, when they told her her husband was shifted to SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack, she alleged.The accused did not take her Cuttack but to the place near Tirupati and locked her up in a room. Sukanta Sahoo had proposed marriage to her and when she refused, he raped her a number of times in the past few months of captivity, the victim has alleged.\"Since no missing case was lodged by either her husband or her near and dear ones at the Tihidi police station, we are probing the veracity of the allegations,\" said SP (Bhadrak) Chintamani Panda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12617441", "title": "Residents halt sewage construction work at Indora", "text": "NAGPUR: While for the rest of the city, stalled projects have been a cause of concern, for Indora residents an ongoing construction work of sewage line is creating all the trouble. They have been waging a battle for nearly a couple of months against discharge of sewage into the drain in their locality.It so happened that after several complaints of regular chocking of more than 40-year-old sewer line in Indora, the Mangalwari zone of the corporation had laid a sewer line there. But it has failed to solve the purpose as many residents said that several households in their locality directly connected their manure outlets into the sewage outlet. Besides, despite provision of a main sewer in the area, the sewage from many households is being discharged into the drain as it is convenient for houses without individual sewer connections, alleged residents.After repeated complaints from the residents, the civic body relaunched the work but this time they combined both sewer line and storm water drainage together.But the move has exposed that the civic body is on the wrong foot. At many areas the civic body had already completed the work, and now about a hundreds of families are on the receiving end as their drinking water sumps are near the SWD, which have become a cesspool of polluted water.\"Just when we were relaxed that the problem has been solved, the joining of sewage line into storm water has added to our anxiety,\" rued another resident Manohar Meshram. The area is already surrounded by sewer lines. \"Why cannot the existing sewer line be repaired instead of constructing a new one and that to be joining with SWD?\" Madan Sahare a resident asked.It had been causing havoc by letting out untreated and raw sewage, generated from houses, into these storm water drains.Another resident Madan Gadpale said that at least a dozen load of sewage was being let out into the storm water drains in their locality.However, after the Mangalwari zone fails to rectify their mistake, a few residents forced the private contractor to stop their work. Pointing out that the NMC had spent considerable amount of tax payers' money in creating the storm water drains, residents said it would all go waste if this form of pollution went unchecked.Despite repeated attempts, Mangalwari zone assistant municipal commissioner R P Bhivgade was not available for comment. Deputy director (NMC, health department) Dr Milind Ganvir was shocked when informed about the combination of sewer line with SWD. He pointed out that it is not acceptable. Combining both sewage and storm water drainage will not only pollute underground water but can also spread epidemic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12618485", "title": "Now, M S University issues marksheets sans holograms", "text": "VADODARA: A major blunder has surfaced at M S University (MSU). The varsity has issued marksheets without holograms to students of Faculty of Commerce.The issue came to light after a couple of students of first year Bachelors of Commerce (BCom) returned their marksheets that did not have holograms.Although so far only four such marksheets have surfaced, nobody knows the exact number of marksheets that have been issued without holograms.Principal of commerce faculty's Padra college P M Shah told TOI on Tuesday that after such marksheets came to his notice he personally handed them over to the exam section officials on Monday so that students can be issued fresh marksheets.The varsity had already delayed issuance of marksheets to students who had cleared their first semester exams long back.Ironically, such marksheets have made their way to the faculty even as there are various checks and balances in the system. MSU has outsourced the job of pasting and lamination of holograms on marksheets. Although this job is done by an external agency, the marksheets have to be cross-checked by the examination section which later dispatches it to faculties for distribute them to students.MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh told TOI that after the matter came to light he has asked deputy registrar (examination section) to submit a report on the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12620717", "title": "Spell it right", "text": "KOLKATA: Spellings just became more fun for the young teens across the city as HDFC Life organised the final rounds of the Spell Bee contest on March 31 at Mahajati Sadan. HDFC Life Spell Bee-India Spells 2012, is an initiative undertaken by 360 Degree's Experience, and is the Indian counterpart of the much acclaimed Scripps Spell-Bee.From several enthusiastic students who participated in the preliminary competition, ten were selected, and after a few challenging rounds, the winner was determined from amongst them. Soham Chowdhury, a Class VIII student of Don Bosco, Park Circus walked away with the winning medal.Speaking on the occasion, Sanjay Tripathy, executive vice president and head, marketing and direct channels, HDFC Life said, \"I am extremely satisfied with the overwhelming response received in Kolkata, for Spell Bee - India Spells 2012. This keenness clearly signifies the desire among young minds for improving their spelling, increasing their vocabularies, learn concepts, and develop the adequate use of correct English.\"\"The number of entries that we got for the competition has been phenomenal. The benefits of Spell Bee extends beyond language as children are required to spell words while on stage; kids also develop self-confidence, communication and public speaking skills, and the ability to thrive under pressure. The lessons learned by participating in Spell Bee can therefore last a lifetime, and can benefit even those who don't outlast all competitors,\" said Prashant Panday, executive director and CEO, Entertainment Network (India) Ltd.Malini Bhagat, principal of Mahadevi Birla Girls' High School graced the occasion with her presence as the chief guest and handed over the certificate and the medal to the winner.The winners from 31 other cities shall assemble at Mumbai to battle out the final round. Soham, who had won the city finals the previous year and had also secured the second position at the nationals, is all set to win it this time. He said, \"I read anything that comes my way. Reading is a habit instilled in me from childhood, by both my parents.\"All the winners of each of the participating cities will participate in the Grand Finale to be held in Mumbai. The winner of the Grand Finale, along with his or her parent will be sent by 360 Degree's Experience, to the Scripps National Spelling Bee at Washington DC .Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon / new delhi", "code": "12618182", "title": "Sohna-Ballabhgarh road ready, tolling by mid-May", "text": "GURGAON / NEW DELHI: The widening of Sohna-Ballabhgarh is almost complete and Haryana PWD officials said that the stretch would be commercially opened for traffic by mid-May. Haryana PWD engineer-in-chief Mahesh Kumar said that already people are enjoying a free ride on the 32.5-km Sohna-Ballabhgarh stretch and the Gurgaon-Sohna road. \"The independent engineer has to give clearance to both the roads so that tolling can begin. The engineer has raised some safety issues which are being fixed now,\" Kumar said.Both the projects have been executed by infrastructure major Reliance Infrastructure. The Ballabhgarh- Sohna (BS) road that starts from Ballabhgarh, which is about 35km from Delhi on NH-2, ends at Rewari-Palwal road. This stretch includes a four-kilometre road from Pali village to Faridabad-Gurgaon junction.The stretch passes through crusher zone areas of Pali, Dhauj and Sirohi. When the road development work was awarded to the developer, the condition of the road condition was very bad.\"Roads were narrow and damaged. This was full of potholes. Truckers used to park their vehicles by the roadside making it narrower and accident-prone. Commuters used to take nearly three hours to travel this distance of 32.5km,\" said a Reliance Infra spokesperson.PWD officials said that the scope of work included reconstruction of the entire stretch to a two-lane road. Some sections of the corridor had dangerous curves and steep rises. They were realigned so that commuters could maintain the minimum design speed and enjoy the drive.The company said that now commuters can cover the stretch in just 30 minutes. This means the commuters can drive at 60kmph against the earlier speed of 12kmph.The developer expects increase in traffic volume since the drive would be hassle free, safe and comfortable. As per projects, the traffic flow could touch 6,000 vehicles per day and the traffic density is expected to grow at 8% per annum.This crucial road had a stone-crusher zone having about 140 stone crushers. Meanwhile, to ensure that the stretch is safe for commuters the road has various traffic calming devices like speed humps, traffic logix and speed tablets. These devices have been installed at important intersections of Pali Chowk-Faridabad intersection.Two toll plazas of six lanes each have been built on this stretch - one 11km from Ballabhgarh and another is at 28km. The spokesperson said that soon they would install automated toll collection system at every toll plaza which would reduce the stop-over time and long queue at plazas.\"We will have 24X7 ambulance services and cranes will be available to handle any emergency. Every toll plaza will have a control room that will help locate the accident site and provide required emergency services in minimum response time,\" said the Reliance Infra spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12617654", "title": "Use Central Jail land to build metro station: MP", "text": "NAGPUR: City MP Vilas Muttemwar has revived an old proposal for shifting out the Central Jail sprawled in 125 acres bang in the heart of the city. \"The land thus freed can be used for building modern urban infrastructure like an underground plaza station for the proposed Metro rail network, an international convention centre, a modern market or large auditoriums,\" Muttemwar wrote in a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.\"The Central Jail is over a century old and squats over prime land within the city. Looking at the growing needs of the fast expanding city, it is high time the government at least commissioned an expert consultant to prepare a techno-feasibility report on shifting the jail and using its land for meeting the city's needs for a large market, a metro junction station etc.\"Though booming, the Sitabuldi market is now saturated. There is scope for developing a large alternative market place with ample parking places. Besides, pending demand for a world-class convention centre could not be met till date as the Panjabrao Agriculture University is not willing to spare any of its 700 acres of test-farmlands in the city,\" Muttemwar wrote to Chavan on Monday. A new jail with better facilities could be built outside the city, he added.\"The proposal for jail shifting was moved when the city was celebrating its tercentenary. But it was never taken seriously. Now with the Metro rail network okayed for the city, the move would make more sense as large space would be required for building a central metro station,\" the MP told TOI. He said the chief minister has agreed to hold a meeting of all stakeholders in the city after the budget session of the state legislature.Asked if the jail land is suitable for a metro rail junction, a top official of the Nagpur Improvement Trust said: \"It's too early to say that. We are now at the survey stage for the network. Moreover, the exact route of the metro rail has to be finalized,\" he said. NIT, as a nodal agency, has appointed Delhi Metro Railway Corporation to prepare a detailed project report (DPR). The DPR is expected to be completed by December.Interestingly, Muttemwar, in the same letter, slammed NIT for its lack of vision and expertise and said the city was suffering from poor maintenance of IRDP roads, failure to develop unauthorized layouts and the growing slums which now shelter nearly 10 lakh people in the city.The MP reminded Chavan of his promise made during recent BNMC election campaign that the city would be developed as an international city. Citing a report of Knight Frank and Citi Pvt Bank that mentioned Nagpur and Surat as two Indian cities with immense potential for development in the next few years, he said a perspective plan keeping in view infrastructural needs till 2050 needs to be prepared. Muttemwar has also demanded that the viability gap of 20% under JNNURM for the funding the Metro rail be increased to 40% to make it economically feasible and attractive for private players participating in the project.QUOTE:The Central Jail is over a century old and squats over prime land within the city. Looking at the growing needs of the fast expanding city, it is high time the government at least commissioned an expert consultant to prepare a techno-feasibility report on shifting the jail and using its land for meeting the city's needs for a large market, a metro junction station-- Vilas Muttemwar | mp", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620892", "title": "Materials for the future", "text": "University of Liverpool, UK, is inviting students from India to join engineers and scientists in the development of new materials for medical applications, product development and manufacturing systems.Through its two postgraduate degree programmes, including advanced manufacturing systems and technology, and advanced chemical sciences (nanoscale with materials chemistry), the university will support students in gaining knowledge and skills that they need to pursue careers in the manufacturing and engineering industry, as well as medical professions.The one-year postgraduate course in advanced manufacturing systems and technology will show students how to become an expert in using technology, management and systems to create competitive, value-adding products for industry use. Also, the advanced chemical sciences (nanoscale with materials chemistry) programme allows students to develop their own postgraduate degree course based on students' interests in the area of chemistry.Researchers from across the faculty of science and engineering, health and life sciences, and humanities and social sciences have come together as part of the university's new materials for the future research theme.The team of researchers will address techniques for the investigation of biological systems, protection of physical structures, and the development of new energy-saving products.Students wanting to study materials at Liverpool will work with researchers at the Surface Science Research Centre, where scientists have recently recreated the first moments of water condensing on matter - a process vital for the formation of clouds in the atmosphere.Students interested in medical applications will also be able to work with the Centre for Materials and Structures, where engineers are working on the development of selective laser melting for the production of prosthetic implants for the human body.Both courses start in September 2012 and students are required to have completed a Bachelor's degree from a recognised university with a minimum first division qualification. Students should have English language skills at IELTS 6.5 with minimum 5.5 in each component for most programmes. Fees for 2012 are \u00a314,850.For more information about the course, visit http://www.liv.ac.uk/study/international/courses/Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12617314", "title": "Brick by brick Kerala village redefines health care", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: May be they learnt it from the bees they rear, or from the small weaves on their handlooms that incrementally create an elegant pattern. Or maybe it was the village's name itself that provided the inspiration.The people of Chenkal, an obscure village of bee farmers and weavers in Neyyattinkara, are redefining people's participation in public health care. Through equal and modest contributions they have managed to upgrade a nondescript health care facility into a specialty unit.The Primary Health Centre here is an example worth emulating for the 800-odd similar institutions across the state. The people of Chenkal floated the Chenkal PHC Development Charitable Trust to raise funds for upgrading this one-doctor-clinic into a specialty hospital complete with palliative care, general medicine and geriatric units.The trust headed by M R Simon and C Janardhanan Nair raised Rs 5 lakh to provide Chenkal with a hospital with inpatient facility.\"We mobilised Rs 5 lakh from the 500 families who contributed Rs 1,000 each. The fund was used for setting up three specialised units. All this was done with nil government support,\" said J Nirmalakumari, president and K Ajith Kumar , vice-president of Chengal gramapanchayat.The centre has been upgraded to a 50-bed hospital now and will function round the clock from Wednesday after health minister Adoor Prakash formally inaugurates it.The National Rural Health Mission too supported the initiative by deploying three doctors and five nursing staff. \"It is a novel venture. We decided to support them as the people here were so committed in getting this accomplished,\" said Dr Unnikrishnan, district programme manager of NRHM.The PHC, which was set up in 1977, was having only one doctor all these years.Though a two-storeyed building was constructed in 2000 for starting inpatient facility it was lying idle all these years for shortage of funds.\"Funds mobilised through the trust will be used for the maintenance of the building and the purchase of beds and fans, getting of water and power connections,\" said Ajith Kumar.The NRHM has also extended an inaugural gift to the Chenkal trust: To provide more services and to expand its facilities. Help is just a call away for Chenkal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12616925", "title": "High court seeks disaster management plan", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Tuesday directed the chief secretary to submit state disaster management plan in the court by July 2. The order was passed by a division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh while hearing a PIL filed by an NGO, Chhaya Sarkar, for finding a permanent solution to the recurring floods in the state.The petitioner had stated that although Disaster Management (DM) Act was passed in 2005 and the National Disaster Management Policy was adopted in 2009, the Bihar government is yet to finalize the state disaster management plan.The petitioner's lawyer, M P Gupta, said the Union government had in 2009 sought plan from the state government to check the recurring floods in the state, but the state government had not submitted it so far.Gupta told the court the state government has adopted a dilly-dallying approach in the matter, showing negligence on its part in submitting the plan.The state government counsel informed the court the draft of the state disaster management plan has been prepared and its finalization is underway. The draft plan has been circulated to different departments for feedback, so that it could be given a final shape. He added it would take three more months to do so.The court then directed the state counsel to file an affidavit to the effect that the plan would be finalized in three months and asked the CS to submit it before July 2. The latter was also directed to monitor finalization of the plan.Incidentally, chief minister Nitish Kumar is himself the chairman of the Bihar State Disaster Management Authority. The state disaster management plan will be incorporated in the National Disaster Management Plan. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12619636", "title": "Pakistan rapidly developing its nuclear arsenal: Report", "text": "WASHINGTON: Estimated to have more nuclear weapons than India, Pakistan is rapidly developing and expanding its atomic arsenal, spending about $2.5 billion a year to develop such weapons, a report has said.\"Pakistan has been rapidly developing and expanding its nuclear arsenal, increasing its capacity to produce plutonium, and testing and deploying a diverse array of nuclear-capable ballistic and cruise missiles,\" said the report 'Assuring Destruction Forever: Nuclear Modernisation Around the World'.\"Pakistan is moving from an arsenal based wholly on HEU to greater reliance on lighter and more compact plutonium-based weapons, which is made possible by a rapid expansion in plutonium production capacity,\" said the 150-page report by Reaching Critical Will of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom.\"Pakistan is also moving from aircraft-delivered nuclear bombs to nuclear-armed ballistic and cruise missiles and from liquid-fueled to solid-fueled medium-range missile. Pakistan also has a growing nuclear weapons research, development, and production infrastructure,\" it said.According to the report Pakistan is estimated to have 90-110 nuclear weapons.\"A long-term concern now driving Pakistan's nuclear programme is the US policy of countering the rise of China by cultivating a stronger strategic relationship with India. This may tie the future of Pakistan and India's nuclear weapons to the emerging contest between the United States and China,\" said the report.Pakistan has a number of short-range, medium, and longer-range road-mobile ballistic surface-to-surface missiles in various stages of development.\"It has developed a second generation of ballistic missile systems over the past five years. It is estimated that Pakistan could have a stockpile of 2750 kg of weapon-grade HEU and may be producing about 150 kg of HEU per year,\" it said.Estimates suggest Pakistan has produced a total of about 140 kg of plutonium, the report said.While not much information is available on the funding of Pakistan's nuclear weapons project, the report said estimates indicate that Pakistan spends about $2.5 billion a year on nuclear weapons.Despite extensive foreign military assistance, Pakistan's effort to sustain its conventional and nuclear military programmes has come at increasingly great cost to the effort to meet basic human needs and improve living standards, the report said.India, the report said, is estimated to have 80-100 nuclear warheads.\"It is also developing a range of delivery vehicles, including land- and sea-based missiles, bombers, and submarines,\" it said.\"While nuclear weapons used to be seen as a 'necessary evil', there is no more enthusiasm for India to become a bonafide nuclear weapon power that can exercise its military might in the region,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12615302", "title": "Only first timers can go to Mansarovar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The ministry of external affairs has shattered the dreams of many Gujaratis wanting to visit the Kailash Mansarovar for the second and third time. The ministry, which organizes the pilgrimage on the Indian route, has decided only first-timers will go this year.Officials in the ministry told TOI they want more first-timers to be able to visit the pilgrim place and have cancelled applications of those who had already been there. If this new move is successful, the ministry may make it permanent from next year. Those planning multiple trips will have to make their own arrangements through tour operators.\"The central government does not subsidize the trip which costs each pilgrim more than Rs 1 lakh,\" says Kamlesh Patel, 41, who had applied for his fourth visit this time. \"It, therefore, has no right to impose restrictions.\" Patel is upset also because the restriction was imposed after all applications were received. \"We could have been informed before we applied.\"\"When such restrictions don't exist for any other religion, why impose them on Hindus?\" asks Uday Kaushik, chairman of Kailash Mansarovar Nishkam Sewa Samiti, New Delhi. \"We will represent our case before the ministry. \"If officials remain adamant, we will organize dharnas in front of minister S M Krinshna's house.\"The Union government sends 960 people in 16 batches to Kailash Mansarovar every year. Of all the applications received this year, 1,394 have been deemed valid. Approximately, 500 forms are from people wanting to go for the second or more times. Traditionally, Gujarat sends about 30 per cent of the pilgrims every year, the highest in the country. Yatras start from the last week of May. The final list of pilgrims will be decided through a draw of lots on April 12.\"It is unfair to reject out applications like this,\" says Rita Metha, who was planning her second trip. \"We should at least be kept in the waiting list. The only other route to Kailash Mansarovar is through Nepal , but it has a higher death rate as people can only go there by road or a helicopter and find it difficult to acclimatize.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12617929", "title": "China's child marriages go online", "text": "BEIJING: The old tradition of child marriage is returning to China in a modern electronic way. Parents are seeking matrimonial matches for their children via the internet.Chinese match making websites including babytree .com claim large-scale registration by new mothers seeking future wives and husbands for their children , according to the local media. Reports suggest several thousand parents have registered their children in match making sites. Given China's skewed sex ratio with men outnumbering women, parents are worried they won't find brides for sons unless they take early action, sources said.\"There will be even more men than women in the future in China,\" Cong Yuxin, mother of a ninemonth old son, was quoted by Global Times as saying. It said the site, babytree-. com, has posted a message for parent-customers : \"Say no to lonely babies, let's have a child marriage.\" The site claimed it has \"successfully paired\" 52 babies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12616516", "title": "Govt woos private players to agriculture infrastructure sector", "text": "PUNE: The state government has come up with an investment-friendly policy for attracting private players to provide backward linkages and infrastructure for procuring, processing and transporting agriculture produce. The proposed policy has promised an annual investment of Rs 2,000 crore from the state government for the next five years.Addressing a news conference here on Monday, Sudhir Kumar Goyal, principal secretary, department of agriculture and marketing, said: \"The proposed Rs 2,000 crore investment from the state government is a proactive measure as the state wants to win the confidence of private investors. Currently, very few private companies are investing in providing backward linkages which is having a negative impact on agriculture. Good produce does not get good market as farmers remain in the dark about where better rates are being offered. If the farmer enters into an agreement promising assured returns, he will not have to worry about the financials and can concentrate on his daily work.\"For the past few years, the government has been inviting private players to invest in agriculture, mainly for providing infrastructure for procuring vegetables, milk, grains and oil seeds, and for their processing and storage, Goyal said. \"The state-owned warehouses cannot meet the demand. Hence the state government has amended some rules and also convinced the Union government to offer concession in taxation to make such ventures more investor-friendly,\" he added.At a meeting, scheduled on April 15 in Pune, government officials will interact with potential private players, Goyal said, adding that the private players can join the state to create larger infrastructure facilities across the state.\"The state government has introduced a model act to effect changes in the agriculture produce market committees a few years ago, wherein farmers are allowed to sell their produce directly to private players who hold a licence issued by the government for direct buying. Excise duty on various infrastructure related items is already reduced to encourage private players,\" Goyal said.The state government is expecting investment in setting up collection centres for agriculture produce, scientific handling of the produce, and grading and packaging which will in turn reduce losses during handling. This will help establish an efficient supply chain and train manpower to work in such set-ups, the official said.\"This would generate huge employment for farmers and their family members who are not interested in taking up agriculture, \" Goyal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12616387", "title": "Burglary attempt at Pu La\u2019s apartment", "text": "PUNE: Noted Marathi writer the late Pu La Deshpande's locked house was broken into on Tuesday, but burglars went empty handed as the entire flat comprising three rooms was filled with nothing but books.The incident took place early on Tuesday at Malati Madhav apartments on Bhandarkar Road. Deshpande's relative Ashwin Lokare (29), who stays in the same building, has lodged a complaint against unidentified persons with the Deccan Gymkhana police station.Ashwin told TOI that the suspects broke open the door lock and three cupboards in two bedrooms. \"When they saw the cupboards packed with books, they left the other cupboards unopened. They flung some of the books on the floor and decamped.\"Ashok Dodke, a security guard of the society, said the incident came to light on Tuesday morning, when a resident of the society, Ramchandra Joshi, noticed that the lock of the back gate of the society was broken. \"He informed other members of the society about this. He also noticed the lock of Deshpande's flat in 'B' wing broken and told Deshpande's relative Sudhir Lokare, Ashwin's father, who stays in the same building,\" he said.Ashwin said he and his friend were asleep in the house opposite Deshpande's flat. \"The suspects bolted the door from the outside. My mother came down from upstairs later and freed us.\"He said that around 3 am, he had heard a four-wheeler zooming in, but ignored it thinking that someone from the building was coming in late.Senior police inspector of the Deccan Gymkhana police station Manohar Joshi, who visited the flat, said that the police received the complaint in the morning. \"The complainant told the police that nothing was stolen from the spot. He had called Pu La Deshpande's relatives in the US and they informed him that the house was filled with nothing else but books.\"He said that Malati Madhav apartments has three wings, but there was no security guard at night. \"We were told that the security guard on night duty was on leave due to ill health for the last few days.\"Joshi said a woman from a neighbouring building had seen a multi-utility vehicle (MUV) parked near the apartment around 3 am. \"The engine of the vehicle was running. We suspect that the burglars may have come in the MUV. We are investigating further,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12618638", "title": "SIT nails 2 cops in \u201902 riots case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While giving a clean chit to chief minister Narendra Modi andothersfor conspiring in the 2002 riots, the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT )has recommendeddepartmental action againsttwo police officers for their role in the 2002 post-Godhra riots.The SIT's reportsaysthereis no prosecutable evidence against MK Tandon, who was joint police commissioner in 2002, and PB Gondia, who was deputy commissioner of police, under whose jurisdiction the worst massacres of Naroda Patia, Naroda Gam and Gulbarg Society took place. The report, however, adds that the two had fled from Gulbarg Society, allowing the rioters a free hand.Sources said the report states that Tandon and Gondia \"had malevolently abandoned Meghaninagar where Gulbarg Society was situated and instead got bogus FIRs of communal violence registered in other areas which were otherwise free of trouble to justify their absencefrom Gulbarg Society, anddid deliberatedereliction of duty unbecoming of an IPS officer.\"The SIT adds that departmental action should be taken against but they can't be prosecuted. But amicus curie Raju Ramachandran has concluded that the only logical action against the duo is a criminal trial. Tandon has since retired and Gondia is director, civil defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12620022", "title": "Battered Bangalore baby Afreen dies in hospital", "text": "BANGALORE: Baby Neha Afreen, allegedly battered by her father for being born a girl, passed away on Wednesday in a hospital here.The baby suffered a heart attack at 10.40am and despite all efforts she passed away at 11am, the doctors at Vani Vilas hospital said.The doctors said Baby Afreen suffered internal bleeding and had convulsions.Afreen was brought to hospital in a critical condition with multiple injuries.She was reportedly brutally attacked by her father, who is now in custody over allegations of torturing the infant.Earlier on Wednesday morning, her condition deteriorated with the child slipping into a semi-comatose state.\"The baby's condition has deteriorated slightly. She had two more convulsions yesterday evening,\" resident medical superintendent (RMS) Somegowda said.He said the baby has hurried respiration of 30-40 per minute against the normal 20-25 per minute and also Pathycardia (increased heart rate). \"She is in a semi-comatose state and this is not a good sign\".The RMS said the hospital would seek an expert opinion from a doctor at NIMHANS.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616876", "title": "Citizens grapple with LPG shortage", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city is facing shortage of domestic LPG cylinders. The crisis is due to delayed supply of cylinders. There is shortage in the godowns too. Consumers are complaining that the gas is being delivered 15-20 days after booking. \"I booked a cylinder on March 19 but the delivery is still awaited,\" said Reema Singh, a housewife. Another housewife, Sabista Rizwi, had to get the cylinder from her in-laws who live 14km away.As per rules, a consumer can apply for a new cylinder 21 days after the date of the previous booking. The booked cylinder should be delivered within a week. President, UP LPG Federation, DP Singh said the crisis is due to altered supply to a oil company.\"Now that the problem has been sorted, we hope to resume normal services in 7-10 days,\" he said. \"The plants are, in fact, working over time to clear the backlog,\" he added. Another office bearer of federation, Om Somani, said at present all major oil companies are finding it difficult to meet the demand.Some consumers said they have been forced to depend on black marketers. \"You pay extra money and get the cylinder is what a vendor told me. Since I needed it quite desperately, I didn't mind going the wrong way,\" said Shamim Ahmed, a resident of Hazratganj. He believes that the crisis has been created. \"If the crisis was so acute, where do these black-marketers get the cylinder from,\" he questioned.There is also worry that the crisis may deepen since the wedding season is approaching. \"The demand for cylinders doubles during the wedding season,\" said AK Singh, a distributor in Old City. The LPG association, however, denied this. \"Most of the caterers use commercial cylinders whose supply has not been affected. So, people need not worry,\" said DP Singh.District magistrate Anurag Yadav admitted being aware of the crisis. On Monday, he held a meeting with the oil companies which said the crisis will be over after a week. Yadav added that to check black marketing, additional district magistrate for food and civil supplies has been directed to constitute vigilance teams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12621465", "title": "Lakshmi Manchu floored by Big B, not Sanjay Dutt", "text": "Having worked with both in 'Department', Lakshmi is floored by Amitabh Bachchan though with Sanjay Dutt it's a friendly equation.Daughter of Telugu superstar Mohan Babu, Lakshmi Manchu, who has worked in Telugu films, will be making her Hindi film debut with Ram Gopal Varma's Department . She considers herself lucky enough to get to work with two senior Bollywood actors Amitabh Bachchan and Sanjay Dutt in her first Hindi film.Ask her about the experience and she says while she wasn't really awed by Sanjay Dutt, she was floored by Amitabh Bachchan. \"I had met Amitji when I was much younger and those were more formal interactions. But actually getting to work with him is magical and that's when you know why he is a superstar. His energy is unmatchable and even cameras have to keep pace with his liveliness. I was completely floored by him\", says Lakshmi.But beyond Amitabh Bachchan, she isn't star-struck as such. \"There isn't that awe factor since I have grown up in the film industry and seen actors around me from my early days. When I work on films it is just like people doing their jobs. So I can strike a comfort level with everybody\", reveals Manchu. About Sanju Baba, she adds, \"Sanjay Dutt and I knew each other since Kaante days when he was shooting in US and I was an undergraduate there. So the equation was more of friends\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12618401", "title": "Evaluation work on at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University", "text": "KANPUR: Along with the task of evaluation of answer sheets, the work of coding and de-coding of these booklets has also begun at the Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University ( CSMU).It will be the first time when the evaluation of the answer booklets of graduation and post-graduation would be done in two separate shifts. The first shift would commence from 10am to 2 pm and second shift would begin from 2 pm to 6 pm. Over 200 examiners have been roped in for the work.Meanwhile, the students of private courses have started downloading their admit cards from the university website. From Tuesday, the admit cards of BA have been made available on the website. The students are required to enter their token number on the university website to download the admit card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12618897", "title": "Tikku killer's escape: Crime branch tried to cover up faux pas", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are investigating if Anuj Tikku, who was picked up from Trombay, had any role in his father's killing. Cops find it suspicious that his mobile phone was switched off since the day of the murder and that he was \"untraceable\" .Vijay Palande, who has served nine years in jail in the 1999 murder case of a union leader, met Anuj a while ago through a friend. Soon after, he-along with Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh-plotted to grab Anuj's flat, which had originally been three separate apartments . Palande introduced Shinde and Gajkosh to Anuj, and Shinde moved into the flat as a paying guest. When the housing society protested , Palande convinced Anuj to rent the apartment to German national Levis Braganza alias Nives for two years. The lease agreement was signed on March 15 and Braganza paid a deposit of Rs 5 lakh. But instead of Braganza, Shinde and Anuj lived in the apartment.Approached by the society, Arunkumar arrived from Delhi on April 5. He had a heated argument with Shinde on finding him living in his son's flat and ensured that Shinde was thrown out.Arunkumar's arrival, the police said, was unexpected for the accused . \"They expected Anuj to be alone and thought they could slowly take over the flat from him. Arunkumar's arrival was unexpected for them and they decided to kill him,\" said joint police commissioner (crime) Himanshu Roy.Palande fled from crime branch custody between 7.30pm and 8pm. The crime branch allegedly tried to keep the escape under wraps by denying the custody to the Oshiwara police, saying they were interrogating the accused. Unconfirmed reports hinted at the role of an insider in the escape.After being evicted by Arunkumar , Shinde, along with Palande and Gajkosh, purchased knives, coils of wire, two suitcases and a hammer. The next day, Shinde planted them in the flat on the pretext of taking back his belongings. On Saturday morning, Palande asked Anuj to travel with him to Goa for a visit to a casino and they left in Palande's Mercedes. Shinde and Gajkosh, meanwhile, were assigned the task to kill Arunkumar.Shinde and Gajkosh had planned to chop Arunkumar's body into pieces, stuff them in two suitcases and dispose of them, but the scheme had to be abandoned because a neighbour saw the sexagenarian struggling and screaming at the window. The neighbour went to the flat, accompanied by a guard, to make enquiries. But prior to opening the door, Shinde and Gajkosh ensured that Arunkumar was dead and dumped his body in a bathroom. Before leaving, the neighbour and the guard spotted blood on the legs of one of the accused.Shinde and Gajkosh pleaded with the neighbour not to call the police but, unconvinced, he locked the door from outside and dialled 100. He also posted guards outside the flat. Alarmed, Shinde and Gajkosh called up Palande, who urged them to escape. The two then fled through a duct in the bathroom.The accused and the suspect:Vijay Palande alias Karan Sood was convicted for the 1999 murder of a union leader, Arun Das, and spent nine years in prison. Got released in 2008. Claims to run an importexport business of clothes and it was during the course of a business deal that he met German national Levis Braganza. Was working along with Braganza to open a hotel in Barcelona . Police say he was in contact with Santosh Shetty before the gangster's arrest.Levis Braganza: A German national, she met Palande during one of his business deals. Palande claims the two are married, though no documents were found to substantiate the claim. Police say she and Palande were in a relationship. On March 15, she signed a lease agreement for Anuj Tikku's Lokhandwala apartment for a period of two years and paid him a deposit of Rs 5 lakh. She flew back to Germany after that, but was expected to return to Mumbai next month and stay here for two years.Dhananjay Shinde: Originally from Pune, he met Palande after the latter's release from jail. He initially helped Palande understand the workings of hotel industry, and, in 2010, travelled to Bangkok to work for Shetty as a gofer. He returned to India a year later and since then had been handling the logistics of Shetty's underworld activities in Mumbai.Manoj Gajkosh: A resident of Bandra, he met Palande through a friend in 2009 and began working for him. He too travelled to Bangkok in 2010 to work for Shetty. Since his return to India last year, he had been managing the recruitment and handling other jobs for Shetty's gang.The Murder Plot:1) Anuj Tikku met Vijay Palande, who had taken on the name Karan Sood, through a common friend. Palande introduced Anuj to Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh, after which Shinde began staying in Anuj's apartment in Samarth Aangan Society in Lokhandwala as a paying guest. Gajkosh would visit the apartment often.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616057", "title": "Mamata\u2019s plea to ease Bengal loan rejected", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Planning Commission on Tuesday approved a 16% hike in plan allocation for West Bengal for the current fiscal at Rs 25,910 crore, while rejecting CM Mamata Banerjee's demand for a three-year moratorium for loan repayment.The annual plan was decided in a meeting between Banerjee and deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia.A Plan panel member present in the meeting said Banerjee raised the issue of annual repayment of Rs 20,000 crore for outstanding of around Rs 2,00,000 crore, while the state government's annual income was pegged at only Rs 21,000 crore.Demanding a three-year moratorium for the re-payment, the CM said her government would improve state finances and repay the outstanding amount during this period.While the Plan panel agreed with Banerjee's contention that her government cannot be blamed for poor finances and failure of 11th Five Year Plan in the state, it maintained that the decision on the moratorium was in the finance ministry's domain.The CM blamed the Left parties' 34-year rule for huge loan burden on the state. \"We have not created this problem. It is a Left legacy,\" she said. Ahluwalia emphasized on the need for fiscal consolidation and improvement in Bengal government's revenue.\"We are grateful to the Planning Commission. The Plan outlay has been increased by about 16%. We also discussed about road infrastructure, education, minorities, industry and agriculture,\" Banerjee said after the meeting.She also told the Commission that the state government will work to improve agriculture production and create road infrastructure. She also expressed hope that the Centre will provide help in setting up new infrastructure projects in the state.Ahluwalia said they had comprehensive discussion on infrastructure projects, and asked West Bengal to consider the possibility of public private partnership (PPP) in infrastructure projects. \"We have offered support to state government on PPP initiative,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12612236", "title": "Nokia Pureview 808: Putting 41 megapixels in a phone", "text": "\"We want to stop the endless megapixel race,\" says Vesa Jutila, Nokia's global head of marketing for smart devices.Coming from a senior Nokia executive, this is a strange statement. The company shocked smartphone industry in February when it announced Pureview 808, a smartphone that packs in a huge 41 megapixel image sensor. This is the kind of pixel power that not even DSLRs boast off. But as Jutila rolls back his sleeves, takes out his laptop, and explains what the company is doing with 41 megapixels (MP) in Pureview 808, it begins to make sense.For nearly an hour, we listen to him, taking in the details of why Nokia crammed in so many pixels in a smartphone and why the default image captured with Pureview 808 camera will be just 5MP in size! The massive amount of pixels is just a coincidence. That's not the goal for Nokia, says Jutila. \"The goal is better image quality from smartphone cameras.\"The beginningNokia says it started developing Pureview five years ago. \"We found that our consumers wanted better zoom. And better low-light photography. So, we looked for some solutions,\" says Jutila.Initially, Nokia engineers worked to increase optical zoom. At the same time, they tried to lower aperture to tackle low-light photography.\"While a better lens is a solution, it also increases the size of the camera module. High quality lenses have bigger size. They can't fit in smartphone. Not yet,\" adds Jutila.After much research, the company found a solution. But it is a combination of hardware and software. It is the technology that powers Pureview. Yes, Pureview 808 has a significantly bigger image sensor and lens module compared to what other smartphones pack, but much of the pixel magic happens in the software.Why 41 megapixelsPureview at its basic is a clever solution to the problems like lack of optical zoom and poor low-light photography that tiny cameras in smartphones face. In a unique twist to the way cameras process images, Nokia is utilizing a 41MP image sensor to produce 5MP images. If users want they can change it and go up to 38MP image size but the default is five and Nokia advocates sticking to it for best results.\"For most people a very high quality 5MP image is more than enough. Our focus is on the quality and not quantity,\" says Jutila.The 41MP sensor but 5MP default images has enabled Nokia to do two things: offer a lossless zoom up to 3X. And significantly better image quality, especially in low light.Let's tackle the zoom part first. In the conventional approach digital zoom means scaling an image from the low resolution to the native resolution. But in Pureview 808, the image is not scaled up. \"When zoom is used in Pureview 808, it means just selecting the relevant area of the sensor,\" says Jutila. This means there is no scaling. There is no loss in pixel quality.As far as image quality is concerned, compared to other smartphones in the market Nokia is promising significantly better results with Pure 808. In fact, Jutila is confident that with something like Pureview in people's pocket, a point-and-shoot camera is dead. \"DSLR camera is still relevant. But there is no need to carry a point-and-shoot camera anymore,\" he says.The secret sauce with Pureview that enables better image quality, as Jutila terms it, is \"super pixel\". When a photo is snapped with Pureview it captures all the details with its massive 41Mp sensor. However, because the default image size is just 5MP, the image-processing chip - Pureview 808, just like a few other smartphones, has a dedicated chip - takes all these pixels and create super pixels by combing details from them. This makes the image sharper. In low-light photography this also means that Pureview 808 image processor, which can handle nearly a billion pixels in one second, can discard visual noise, providing users with sharper images.The futureEvidently, Nokia is very proud of Pureview technology. This is something unique and has never been done before. The technology can help camera makers who are still cramming more mega pixels in their phones without caring much about image quality but Nokia is not willing to share it.\"Pureview is our strategic asset. We are not going to licence it to anyone. Yes, some companies may want to follow our lead but we can say that it is not going to be easy. We have done it and we know it is not easy,\" says Jutila.In the near future, Pureview 808 is likely to be the only model with the technology. But more devices will come, including those running Windows Phone OS. \"We have invested lot of money and resources in developing Pureview. It can't be all for just one platform,\" says Jutila.Hands-on with Pureview 808", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616093", "title": "Evening squall ends dry spell, heat ebbs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The spell of searing heat of the past few days was broken on Tuesday as a massive thunderstorm followed by rain swept past the city in the evening. In fact, the morning, too, started off on a wet note with some areas reporting a light drizzle; but the sun was out around 9.30am and it seemed it would be another hot day. Around 5pm, the skies darkened once more and after a brief dust storm, the city was drenched in light rain accompanied by loud claps of thunder.In a matter of about an hour, the city recorded 4.2mm rainfall and from a maximum of 37.8 degrees Celsius in the afternoon, the temperature dropped to 23.4 degrees Celsius at 5.30 pm. The minimum temperature recorded on Tuesday was 22.3 degrees Celsius, three degrees above normal. MCD received reports of eight trees having fallen in the storm.\"A western disturbance is affecting northern Pakistan and adjoining Jammu and Kashmir at present and though it is not directly affecting the plains, the wind has taken an easterly direction under its impact. The easterly winds carry moisture from the Bay of Bengal and are warm. Severe heating in the past few days also resulted in a strong circulation of winds over the region that led to the thunderstorm,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.At the IGI Airport , wind touched a speed of 100 kmph, affecting operations for about an hour. Sources reported a severe dust storm that brought down visibility to 500 m from 5,000 m between 4.45 pm and 5.30 pm. Met recorded 3.8mm rain during this time. \"This was accompanied with frequent lightning flashes and thunder and hence it severely affected flight operations,\" said Jenamani.Met officials said that such convection-led thunder squall did not occur last year in April but took place this year due to a steep heating curve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12619434", "title": "Odisha hostage crisis: Will release Italian through democratic process, says Maoist leader", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Naxal leader Sabyasachi Panda has released a fresh audio tape hinting that they are ready to free the Italain hostage in their custody, according to Times Now.The Maoists have announced that they will release Paolo Bosusco through a democratic process.In his message, Panda has said that they have received a copy of joint statement by the Odisha government and the mediators.On Tuesday, Panda's wife Sushashree Panda was acquitted by a local court and freed from jail.The Maoists had sought her release along with others as a pre-condition to release the Italian taken hostage in their custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12618201", "title": "Rajkot swelters at 42 degrees Celsius", "text": "RAJKOT: A blistering heat wave swept Saurashtra, north Gujarat and Kutch on Tuesday.Rajkot, Amreli, Bhuj and Idar had 42 degrees Celsius temperature, which was the highest maximum temperature in the state. People in Rajkot city preferred to remain indoors during the afternoon hours to avoid the heat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12617160", "title": "Paras Ram Bishnoi's bail plea reserved till April 17", "text": "JODHPUR: The additional district judge (SC/ST cases) completed the hearing on the bail application of Paras Ram Bishnoi, an accused in abduction and murder of nurse Bhanwari Devi, on Tuesday and kept the decision reserved till April 17. One of the 17 accused in the case and arrested by the CBI on December 2, Bishnoi had moved a bail application in the court on April 2, which was heard on Tuesday.Counsel of Bishnoi denied the involvement of Bishnoi in the abduction and murder of Bhanwari Devi. \"He was just helping his brother Malkhan Singh Bishnoi to sort out the matter with her, like pacifying her and fulfilling her needs. He has been implicated only because he is related to Malkhan, whereas he was just trying to help his brother out,\" Bishnoi's counsel argued.But objecting to the argument, Senior Public Prosecutor (CBI) SS Yadav said Bishnoi was actively involved in the case right from the point when relations between his brother and Bhanwari Devi started souring. Yadav quoted incidents like Bhanwari's wish to contest the elections, her creating ruckus in the wedding function of Malkhan's daughter and demanding DNA test at police superintendent's office. \"He knew very well that she had become a huge hazard for his family and Malkhan especially and had an active part in the conspiracy at the behest of Malkhan,\" Yadav contended.Objecting to his bail, Yadav argued that once Bishnoi is out of jail, he will start influencing the witnesses, which will affect the trial of the case, which is set to being from April 20. It is evident that the CBI has already levelled such allegations against the accused leading to shifting of Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan from Jodhpur jail to other jails.It is evident that one of the main accused and mastermind of the conspiracy, Indra Bishnoi, sister of Paras Ram Bishnoi, is still absconding. CBI filed a contempt petition against her in the high court on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12621216", "title": "SAP to lure Oracle customers with incentives", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: SAP AG, the largest maker of business-management software, plans to spend almost $500 million to lure customers to its Hana data-processing product, stepping up competition with Oracle Corp.The Walldorf, Germany-based company has budgeted $337 million to provide new clients of its Hana database platform with consulting services and an 18-month refund policy, SAP said in a statement.SAP is also starting a $155 million venture fund to spur development of applications compatible with Hana. With the introduction of Hana and the $5.8 billion purchase of database maker Sybase Inc. in 2010, SAP ratcheted up efforts to challenge Oracle's dominance in the $22.5 billion global database market. Hana is designed to quickly analyze vast caches of sales and operational information, as well as unstructured data such as e-mail and social media. It relies on computer memory, rather than disk drives, to speed up the process.The incentives \"give a strong signal to customers and the market that we are deeply committed to developing this growth area,\" Vishal Sikka, an SAP board member in charge of technology and innovation, said in a phone interview following a presentation in San Francisco . \"With Hana, we have an opportunity to really transform the database and rethink applications.\"Seeking broader baseCo-Chief Executive Officers Bill McDermott and Jim Hagemann Snabe want to expand SAP's customer base from information- technology staff in a back office to include salespeople wielding mobile devices and smaller clients more willing to adopt on-demand applications. They project that this push will help lift SAP's revenue to more than 20 billion euros ($26.2 billion) by 2015, compared with 14.2 billion euros last year.Oracle CEO Larry Ellison in October unveiled the so-called Exalytics Intelligence Machine, which also analyzes information within dynamic random access memory. Sanjay Poonen, SAP's president of global solutions, at the time said Oracle's approach requires clients to buy and maintain more hardware than a competitive SAP system.\"Early market leadership is important for Hana, so facilitating customer adoption is very strategic for SAP,\" Rick Sherlund, an analyst at Nomura Holdings Inc. in New York , said of SAP's spending on incentives. \"Oracle is likely to promote Exalytics as a market rival, so helping customers with implementation is a catalyst to adoption.\"SAP shares have gained 12 percent in the past year through yesterday, compared with a 15 percent drop for Oracle's stock.Syclo acquisitionSAP also said it plans to buy Syclo, a closely held provider of mobile applications, for an undisclosed price. Earlier this year, SAP acquired cloud-computing specialist SuccessFactors Inc for $3.4 billion.Even as SAP is pushing to \"become the fastest-growing database vendor in the world,\" the company will continue to support other databases, including those of International Business Machines Corp and Microsoft Corp \"for the foreseeable future,\" Sikka said in the interview.SAP's McDermott in January forecast that revenue from Hana products will more than double this year from 160 million euros in 2011, when the software was first rolled out to a wider audience. Sikka declined to forecast potential revenue for Hana products beyond this year.\"It's entirely understandable that they have no interest in being just a reseller any longer and that they would rather pull new customers onto its own Sybase database,\" said Thomas Becker, an analyst at Commerzbank AG in Frankfurt who has a hold recommendation on SAP shares. \"Whether that will work remains to be seen, but in any case it's another sign that SAP has shifted up a gear.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12616545", "title": "Dr Vikram is a specialist in various genres of music too", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's a general notion that singers sing best in a particular genre but 33-year-old Dr Vikram Bhatia of Sector 32, Chandigarh road, defies this belief and sings equally good in different genres including Sufi, classical and filmy.Says, Vikram, ''I started singing when I was in Class V. In 1991, when I was in Class VIII, I won the best singer award in Muhammad Rafi night organized by Rana Dramatic Club. After Class XII, I joined DMCH in 1997, and continued to perform in various cultural function of the institution. I have also performed in PGI and AIIMS during their pulse programme.''He adds, ''Besides participating in the college functions and other major medical institutions of India, I also performed in Rafi Award and Kishore Award in Ludhiana. The high time in my singing career came in 2007 when I won the first prize in Antakhshri organized by Ashim Nagpal and hosted by Anu Kapoor and Durga Jasraj of Zee TV Antakshri fame. Later, I got an opportunity to perform in Colgate Max Fresh Antakshri in the same year. Recently, my performance in a private function organized at Sutlej Club was appreciated by many music lovers.''Vikram said, ''My motivation to sing came from my father Jagannath. He has been my guide and idol, both.''Talking about his favourate singers, he said, ''My favourate among renowned singers are Muhammad Rafi, Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, Mukesh, Asha Bosle and Lata Mangeshkar , but my favourite is Kishore Kumar.'' ''I love Sufi music and my favourite songs are ''Dulhe Ka Sehra Suhana Lagta Hai'', ''Ni Ta Khair Manga Soniya'', ''Preet Ki Lat Mohe Aisi Laagi''. My favourite classical songs include ''Laaga Chunri Main Daaj'', ''Madhuban Main Radhika''. Among filmy songs, I like ''O Hansini'' and ''Humain Tumse Pyar Kitna'','' he said.A music lover in city, Radhika Jaitwani, said, ''Vikram is one of the best singers I have heard in a long time. He needs to be appreciated for his talent.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12615525", "title": "Make moms first guardians: Panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move to empower women, a government panel wants that a mother should be listed as the first guardian for all official purposes instead of a father, arguing that she primarily looks after the children.\"Since normally it is the mother who primarily looks after the children, she should be listed as the first guardian,\" the Planning Commission's Working Group said in its report.The panel has recommended a review of all laws to make mothers equal guardians of their children. Currently, there is a practice of mentioning the father as the first guardian in all official documents such as school admission forms, birth certificates etc. The group has suggested that all existing regulations and rules ought to be revisited to ensure that the mother's signature as a guardian is universally accepted in all official records.The recommendation is part of a slew of measures suggested by the group to make laws more gender sensitive. It also asked the government to revisit laws related to maintenance and guardianship to ensure separated women get adequate maintenance and custody rights over their children.The suggestion, if accepted, would ensure women's first right over a child whether she is married or divorced, said a member of the group.\"Once all laws are re-looked in light of the recommendations, the women will not be forced by any government or private agencies such as schools or passport offices to mandatorily disclose husbands' names,\" she said. \"The existing laws on the issue are archaic and were conceptualized with a patriarchal mindset,\" said another member.The group, headed by the women and child development secretary, wants to relook at all the laws that do not treat guardianship rights of mother on a par with those of the father. The panel, which argued that family law reform has been neglected, said the laws need to recognize a woman as an equal partner with her husband and her contribution to the household or the productive nature of work that fairer sex do.The path-breaking recommendations would ensure that mothers have an equal right in care-giving as well as in crucial decision-making processes, financial or otherwise, affecting children's lives. The law commission in its 83rd report submitted in 1980 had suggested amendment in guardianship laws.\"The Guardians and Wards Act, 1890 was enacted 90 years ago. At the time, women had scarcely any rights: for them there was only social and legal degradation, material insecurity and other manifestations of dominance and false superiority of men,\" it had said.The commission also recommended to amend Section 6 of the Hindu Minority and Guardianship Act, 1956, to allow the mother the custody of a minor till it is 12 years old. \"It is necessary to allow the mother the custody of a child till it attains the age of 12 to prevent the father from using the child as a pawn for securing complete submission of his wife,\" the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12621879", "title": "Cold wave sweeps Kashmir valley, rains continue for second day", "text": "SRINAGAR: Kashmir valley was gripped in a cold wave as the upper reaches of Gulmarg received fresh snowfall while light to moderate rains drenched the region for the second consecutive day today.Gulmarg recorded 13.2 mm of rainfall and its higher mountainous reaches witnessed snowfall, a MeT department official said.The minimum temperature at the famous ski resort fell to near freezing point as the mercury plunged to 0.5 degrees Celsius.The summer capital Srinagar received 9.2 mm of rainfall overnight as the minimum temperature fell by several notches to 8.2 degrees Celsius, the official said.South Kashmir's hill resort of Pahalgam received 31.2 mm of rainfall with the mercury falling to 4.2 degrees Celsius, he said.Qazigund, the gateway town to Kashmir, recorded 28.7 mm of rainfall.The sudden drop in the mercury in recent days has forced residents to don winter wear again to shield themselves from the cold weather.Coordinator, state Disaster Management Cell, Aamir Ali said the water level in river Jehlum was well below the danger mark and there was no report of floods anywhere in the valley. He said the weather is likely to improve from tomorrow.Rains in the month of April have in the past flooded parts of Kashmir valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12618336", "title": "Weather most favourable for zaid crops", "text": "KANPUR: The present weather conditions have paved way for large scale production of zaid crops in the region. According to the agriculture experts, the present atmospheric conditions are favourable for both the late sown rabi and presently sown zaid crops in the Gangetic belt of the state.The weather in India gives a large range of agro-climatic conditions for the farmers of all parts of the country. However, the best benefited are those of the northern and central plain zones. The northern and interior parts have three distinct crop seasons - kharif, rabi and zaid. This kind of distinction in cropping seasons does not exist in the south, where the temperature is high enough to grow tropical crops during any time of the year and what is grown depends on the available soil moisture.As per the data provided by the agricultural department of the Chandra Shekhar Azad (CSA) University of Agriculture and Technology, the farming field in the region at present is covered with late sown (standing) wheat crop. Apart from wheat, moong, urad, sunflower and cuckerbits are the other seasonal crops of zaid season. All these crops require hot and humid weather conditions to flourish as they are very rapid growing crops as well. This is why they are sown in the time left between the main rabi and kharif seasons.\"Stretched between the rabi and kharif (between April to July), zaid crops are grown. This is a short duration crop cultivated mostly in Northern India,\" said Anirudh Dubey, agro-meteorologist at CSA. He went on to add that among the zaid crops, sunflower, melons and cuckerbits are the most important crops. Most of them are sown in Gangetic belts of the region.While advising the farmers to have better zaid production, the agricultural experts said first irrigation should be done after 30 to 35 days of their cultivation. Also, the irrigation should be done in the wee hours or at the time of sunset to have better yield.\"This is the time preferred for short duration crops hence the varieties of 'moong' like 'meha' and 'samrat' are grown in the region during this cropping season. The suggested irrigation pattern should be strictly followed in this type of farming as moisture content is less in the air at peak summer time. Also, the soil is very hot during day hours and watering the crops can damage the roots,\" added Anirudh Dubey.Meanwhile, several farmers have also sown maize in their fields, which is knee-high presently. According to the agricultural experts, this time is very water sensitive for maize. Maize serves as food as well as a fodder crop and is grown under semi-arid conditions over inferior soil across the region and hence the yield fluctuates with the monsoon.\"Farmers should make sure that they do simultaneous irrigation of fields. But avoid irrigating the fields during sunrise to sunset,\" informed the agro-meteorologist further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12616892", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav inaugurates film fest", "text": "Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav inaugurated the 9-day-long 4th International Children's Film Festival (ICFF-2012) organised by City Montessori School on Tuesday. Speaking on the occasion, Akhilesh said, \"It is the responsibility of the parents to teach their children but at the same time, we also get to learn a lot from the little kids and this exchange of information and knowledge between the two continues forever.\" He said that children's films are a strong medium of imparting value-based education.New state election commissioner: SK Agarwal is the new state election commissioner. He takes charge from Rajendra Bhowal who retired on April 4. The term of state election commissioner is of five years and the maximum age limit of the incumbent is 65 years. Hence, the actual term is decided by two factors - five years term or 65 years age, whichever comes earlier.Commissioning ceremony held: A commissioning ceremony of Army Medical Corps (AMC) for non-technical officers was held in Cantonment on Tuesday. Twenty two other ranks of AMC and Army Dental Corps (ADC) were commissioned as non-technical officers at a solemn ceremony. The ceremony was presided over by Maj Gen VK Rattan, Officiating Commandant, AMC Centre and College and OIC Records, Lucknow. Maj Gen VK Rattan congratulated them on achieving this milestone through their dedicated efforts and emphasised the supremacy of the code of duty and honour, which must be adhered to in the face of danger.Felicitation: Indian Industries Association (IIA) is organising two felicitation functions at IIA Bhawan, Vibhuti Khand, Gomtinagar on Wednesday. The first function is being held at 4 pm to honour minister of state for small scale industries and export promotion (independent charge) Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar, while the second function will be held at 7.30 pm in honour of minister of state for protocol (attached to the CM) Abhishek Mishra. During the functions, IIA will submit proposals to both the dignitaries for the development of micro, small and medium enterprises in UP.Declare 'no-traffic' area near Roomi Darwaza: Royal Family of Awadh in a letter addressed to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has requested him to direct the concerning officials to declare historical Roomi Darwaza in Husainabad area of the Old City as 'no traffic zone' because the vibrations caused by movement of heavy vehicles is damaging this historical gate. The other demands contained in the letter include diversion of traffic from Neebu Park to Kudiya Ghat, lighting arrangement near the Roomi Darwaza and urgent repair of the gate by ASI.Brain Awareness Week: The Regional Science City on Tuesday organised several educational activities as part of the Brain Awareness Week in collaboration with National Brain Research Centre, Manesar, Haryana, to increase public awareness about the progress and benefits of brain research. Dr PK Seth, CEO, Biotech Park was the chief guest. Dr RK Garg, HoD, department of neurology, CSMMU presented a science lecture on 'Our Brain'.Awarded: Prashant Kumar Singh, company commander in Territorial Army at 1101 Railway Engineers Regiment and deputy chief mechanical engineer at carriage and wagon workshop, Alambagh, received the General Manager's Award in Delhi on Tuesday. He has been given the award for significant contributions towards railways as deputy chief mechanical engineer, towards Scouts and Guide as district commissioner and towards TA as company commander.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620746", "title": "Of ragas and rhythm", "text": "Trichy Sankaran, faculty of fine arts, York University, Canada, speaks to Diptiman Dewan about the Indian music studies programmeIt was back in 1971 that Trichy Sankaran, faculty of fine arts, and the late Jon Higgins, started the South Indian music programme at the University of York, Canada.On how it all started, Sankaran says, \"Higgins invited me to join him to teach courses in rhythm, performance, theory, and also perform with him in concerts. The Higgins-Sankaran duo continued until 1978 when Higgins left York University and I took over the South Indian music programme as the chief director.\"Over the years, the holistic approach in teaching the programme has made a positive impact on the approach and understanding of rhythm of western performers, says Sankaran. Further, the introduction of adaptation techniques and concepts in the programme enabled western drummers (Jazz drummers in particular) to adapt to their own instruments.According to Sankaran, the pedagogical style of teaching combines the best of both East and the West to create a holistic blend. His collaborations with Western musicians in performance, particularly with groups like Nexus, World Drums and Gamelan, among others, and contemporary world music ensembles have had far-reaching effects in the deepening of the understanding of Indian culture in Canada as well as in the evolution of the programme.A course on Solkattu studies (spoken rhythms and patterns of hand-clapping used by classical South Indian dancers and musicians) created by him has influenced students from the undergraduate to graduate level over the years to take up teaching, performance, and research.Says Sankaran, Indian music in general has attracted westerners for its melodic varieties, use of drone, rhythmic sophistication and improvising qualities while Carnatic music in particular, has been appreciated for its rhythmic character, enchanting melodies, and drum improvisation besides compositional structures.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12618282", "title": "Tamil Nadu Housing Board old flats to make way for highrises", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Housing Board is gearing up for a massive redevelopment plan in which 2,238 old rental apartments will be razed at 17 different locations in Chennai. Most of these apartments are located at Nandanam, Saidapet, Foreshore Estate and Kilpauk.The board will develop 4,691 highrise apartment complexes at these locations at a cost of Rs 680 crore, said housing and urban development minister R Vaithilingam in the assembly on Tuesday. They will be rented out to government servants and public as per TNHB guidelines.TNHB will also construct 400 rental apartments at Anna Nagar West Extension and Thiruvanmiyur at Rs 60 crore for government servants and general public. The board will also carry out repairs of its old rental apartments at Rs 10 crore.The minister announced a list of projects to be taken up by the board this year. The board will construct 3,662 multistoreyed residential units in two phases at Rs 812 crore at Sholinganallur. Similar projects will be taken up at Kancheepuram, Thanjavur, Trichy, Madurai and Tirunelveli districts at Rs 43 crore during the current financial year.The Slum Clearance Board will construct 2,882 tenements at Rs 145 crore at Srirangam, Trichy, Vandavasi, Tuticorin, Ramanathapuram, Orathanadu and Chennai. Under the Rajiv Awas Yojana, 1,404 tenements will be constructed at Athipattu and Ambattur at Rs 108 crore.People who stay at Kakkanji Nagar in Chennai will be rehabilitated there. Chennai Moffusil Bus Terminus will get a basement parking to accommodate 2,000 two-wheelers and 50 cars at Rs 20 crore at Koyambedu. Also, the long-awaited food grain market will be constructed here to accommodate 500 shops with adequate parking and other amenities at Rs 60 crore.To decongest the Contract Carriage Bus Terminal and to improve commuter comforts, additional parking facilities for passengers and idle bus parking will be created in 4 acres adjacent to CCBT at Rs 420 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12618244", "title": "Govt to rope in land owners for city development", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government on Tuesday announced a land pooling scheme to facilitate development of satellite towns and infrastructure projects like ring roads.Housing minister R Vaithilingam, who made the announcement in the assembly, said the scheme was aimed at decongesting core areas of cities. The scheme aims at involving land owners in developmental projects. Land owners who contribute land for such projects will be allotted developed plots proportionate to the share of land they contribute to the scheme.People, who have invested on unapproved residential plots, have a chance of getting their plots approved as the government will soon come out with a regularization scheme for housing plots in rural and municipal areas, he said.A detailed master plan for the entire state - excluding the Chennai Metropolitan Area and other regions where master plans were rolled out in the last decade - will be brought out by the directorate of town and country planning in the next three years. In the first year, about 8,000 sq km of land will be covered under the scheme. Towns and cities to be covered in the first year include Dharmapuri, Gobichettipalayam, Rajapalayam, Kovilpatti, Chengalpattu, Kancheepuram, Sriperumbudur and Tiruvallur.To regulate developments in areas surrounding existing composite local planning areas and new town development areas, the jurisdiction of Coimbatore, Madurai, Trichy, Salem, Tirupur and Erode CLPAs and Hosur NTDA would be expanded, said Vaithilingam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12618857", "title": "Family gets relief in 20-year \u2018rape\u2019 case", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court on Tuesday granted anticipatory bail to a family of four, after their 38-year-old daughter-in law filed a police complaint alleging that her three children were sired by one of her brothers-in-law who raped her. The court granted bail to the alleged victim's two brothers-in law , Sanjay (48) and Sagar (45), mother-in-law Bhavna (84) and sister-in-law Chandra (60), after the police registered a case of rape, criminal force and criminal conspiracy. The family is based in Chembur and runs a vegetable business.Complainant Sudha said she was forced to marry her paternal cousin in 1989 when she just 16 owing to her poor financial condition. He is 14 years her senior. In her complaint to Nehru Nagar police, Sudha alleged that her in-laws falsely represented their financial conditions and concealed the fact that her husband was impotent. She was forced to have an illicit relationship with Sanjay and even gave birth to two daughters and a son. Sudha alleged that her husband had deserted her. Since 2010, though, Sanjay refused to provide maintenance for the children, she alleged.In her complaint, Sudha said that in 2005 she contemplated suicide following which she was provided with another house, where she moved in with her husband and children. However, Sanjay continued to visit her and rape her. Sudha said she sought police's help since her children were being mentally harassed by Sanjay.However, the family said the fact that Sudha had made the allegations after 20 years itself created doubts about their veracity . Denying that Sudha's husband was impotent, the family claimed that initial medical tests had proved otherwise and a further test was pending. The family also said that bank transactions showed that Sanjay was providing for the children . The family said it was Sudha who forced him to have a relationship with her. \"There is no question of applicant (Sanjay) having forced himself on her as he is handicapped due to polio and cannot even sustain a slight push from anybody ,\" the anticipatory bail application read. The family alleged in 2009, Sudha started compelling Sanjay to desert his wife. They stated that Sanjay had suggested paying her Rs 20,000 every month. However, she and her father demanded Rs 50,000 which Sanjay refused.The family alleged Sudha assaulted her husband and filed a complaint against him and he was detained by the police.(All names have been changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616183", "title": "Bombay high court bans mining, tree felling in green zone", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday barred all activity likely to disturb the Sawantwadi-Dodamarg wildlife corridor till the central and state governments take a final decision on the report of Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP), headed by Madhav Gadgil.The report, which is yet to be publicized by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), has recommended that the Western Ghats be declared an ecologically-sensitive zone (ESZ). It has called for a complete stop to mining leases in the ESZ 1.The division bench of Justices D D Sinha and V K Tahilramani was hearing a public interest litigation to not allow a public hearing for a mining lease in Zolande village, which is part of the wildlife corridor.The PIL was filed by activist Sumaira Abdulali. The court was informed that when the PIL was filed last year, a forest department report showed that 18 lakh trees had been felled in the 22-km corridor. In the last year, another five lakh trees were felled, it said.The court then ordered a ban on tree felling and other activities that would disturb the corridor. The MoEF informed the court that it had instructed the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board not to hold any public hearing for mining leases in the area till the moratorium is in force. The moratorium has been extended upto June 29.A forest department report showed that 18 lakh trees had been felled in the 22-km nature of the Sawantwadi-Dodamarg wildlife corridor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12623112", "title": "Chetan Chandra gets 8 -pack abs for his next", "text": "Following the trend of Bollywood and Kollywood heroes , young Kannada actor Chetan Chandra is set to flaunt his 8 packs abs in his forthcoming film Simha Rashi.It is believed the actor was briefed about his character that sports well-toned physique in Simha Rashi. Accordingly the actor followed a strict diet and 12 hours a day workout from past 8 months at trainer Kitty's 'Muscle Planet'.Simha Rashi will be directed by debutant Chandrahas. The film is expected to go on floors soon", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12618240", "title": "State turns to plastic for better roads", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government has proposed to relay roads using plastic waste across the state at Rs 100 crore.A policy note tabled in the assembly on Tuesday said that a sum of 50 crore was sanctioned last year for taking up plastic road projects in Chennai Corporation, directorate of town panchayats and commissionerate of rural development and panchayat raj. With this, 447km of roads were laid with plastic waste in 10 corporations, 119 municipalities, town panchayats and 45 village panchayats.The Chennai Corporation has taken up a massive exercise to expand the plastic road coverage this year. \"Since January last, 580 interior roads and 39 new bus route roads have been laid using plastic waste. The process has just reached midway,\" said a senior official. Arterial roads like Dr Radhakrishnan Salai, Sardar Patel Road, N S K Salai and Tank Bund Road in the city have been laid with plastic waste.The problem, sources said, remains collecting waste from the residents. Though the city is said to generate 200 tonnes of plastic waste a day, the local body strives hard to raise even half the tonnage from the door-to-door collection.The AIADMK government in its previous tenure initiated the plastic road laying scheme in Chennai following complaints of mounting plastic waste. The amount allocated this year has doubled from last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12618321", "title": "500 cops await government shelters", "text": "INDORE: Cops are vying for shelters in Indore. Around 500 policemen including women cops have been awaiting government quarters for the past several months.According to the data available from the police department, 470 including two CSPs, ten inspectors and 320 head constables are on the waiting list.Apart from them, 20 women cops too are in the queue to get government quarters.One of the constables posted at Pardeshipura police station, requesting anonymity, said he was paying around Rs 5,000 per month in the form of rent for a private accommodation. The cop said he had been trying for last one year around for a government quarter, but in vain.SP Srinivasa Verma said there was shortage of government quarters in Indore. Around 4,000 government quarters are needed to accommodate cops in the city, but only 1,200 quarters are available now, he said adding that as per rules, all the cops are entitled to get free accommodation.Apart from this, many cops who get transferred to other cities, are yet to vacate their quarters, he said. \"We run a drive at least twice a year to get the quarters vacated occupied unauthorisedly after transfer to other cities,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12617318", "title": "'Bike thieves' die in Navelim mishap", "text": "MARGAO: Two persons aged 17 and 20 died in an accident after the motorcycle they were riding hit an oncoming truck at Mandopa, Navelim, on Tuesday afternoon.Police sources said that Sangharsh Sudesh Govekar, 17, and Sadique Abdul Razak Manarvi, 20, were trying to overtake a car ahead of them when they collided head-on with a truck coming from the opposite direction. Both died on the spot. While Govekar was a resident of Colva, Manarvi was residing at Dramapur, police said. Margao police have detained the truck and arrested its driver, Nazir Ahmed .Both the deceased had a record of involvement in theft cases. The police were on the look out for them particularly after a spate of motorcycle thefts. The police have traced the owner of the motorcycle to a person residing in Kirbhat, Nuvem. Further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616838", "title": "UP govt sets target of 42MT wheat purchase", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh has directed officials to ensure direct purchase of wheat from farmers and keep middle-men at bay. \"The wheat should be purchased directly from farmers and middle-men should be kept at bay from the process. Besides, farmers should be given payments within a week,\" he said while reviewing wheat purchase in the state on Tuesday.At the meeting, the chief minister was informed that target of 42 MT wheat purchase has been fixed and 4,656 purchase centres have been established to facilitate farmers.The CM said that all purchase centres should purchase maximum wheat at the minimum support price and such an arrangement should be made that there should be no distress sale. He added that temporary storage arrangement of wheat should be made to avoid wastage. \"Without waiting for disbursement from Food Corporation of India (FCI), the purchase centres of the state government should make arrangements of the amount at their own end, so that the payment could be made to farmers without any delay,\" Akhilesh said, and added, \"A proposal to provide Rs 1,000 crore after taking suggestions from finance department would be expedited.\"Directing the chief secretary to review wheat purchase every fortnightly, the chief minister said that all concerning departments/agencies should remove the obstacles coming in way of wheat purchase by coordinating among themselves. Apart from this, he asked the chief secretary to write a letter to chairman and managing director of FCI requesting him to make arrangement of adequate funds for wheat purchase so that all purchase centres could get funds to make payment to farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12617558", "title": "Success is about managing yourself: Khushbu", "text": "KOCHI: Yesteryear actor Khushbu attributes her professional success to the ability to handle the tumultuous ups and downs of life with equanimity. Addressing management students at 'Shaping Young Minds', a programme organized by the All-India Management Association in Kochi on Tuesday, she explained that the best management lessons are provided by life.\"I have learnt far more after my 8th standard, when my education had to be abruptly discontinued owing to domestic issues, by facing life's challenges head-on and learning from my mistakes. To learn from your mistakes, one should also learn to unashamedly admit that errors have been made, and how to avoid them in future situations,\" Khushbu said.She exhorted the students not to confine their goals to the management field, and explore possibilities of tapping their hidden talents which could be utilized in other fields as well. \"Finding out who you are is as big a challenge as what life can throw at you. Let your heart rule your mind, and your mind will follow. You will be amazed by the results,\" she said.In his address, Dr Bhaskar Das, president with the Times of India Group, Bennett Coleman &amp; Co Ltd, said that people and organizations without have the passion to constantly learn and reinvent themselves. \"What I call 'intelligent naivete' involves the ability to remain a child, to ask constantly questions, remain curious. This is what separates the innovators from the dinosaurs,\" he said. Alluding to the Bhagvad Gita, Das said that integrity in intent and purity in process would always yield the right results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12618593", "title": "City Beautiful is ready to flaunt its literary side", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Be ready to learn more about literature this Baisakhi. Renowned poets, actors, directors and scriptwriters along with finest budding talent, are going to be in city to talk about their respective fields at city's first-ever Literature Festival.The three-day affair will see debates, discussions and confabulations by eminent personalities on pertinent issues being faced by Indian literature. There will be 15 sessions on different topics of arts.The festival aims at bringing established talents as well as budding ones on the same platform while celebrating the blooming and fruition of creativity on Baisakhi, which celebrates the season of ripeness. It wishes to open doors for writers, poets, performers, singers and musicians and attempts to widen the pathways for discerning readers, listeners and audiences. While it stands for the budding talent, it leans on the established.Festival organizer Mitul Dikshit said, ''On the inaugural day Punjabi poet Surjit Patar would be honoured and the three-day literary extravaganza will see participation of Sanjay Chauhan, the scriptwriter of Paan Singh Tomar, who will talk about trend of 'realism in scriptwriting for films', TV journalist Ravish Kumar will discuss trend of micro fiction, acclaimed theatre and film actor Piyush Mishra and Chandigarh's theatre personality Neelam Man Singh and Lalit Kumar, the founder of 'Kavita Kosh', the portal which is a treasure trove of poetry in different Indian languages who will talk on poetry.\"Chandigarh Literature Festival is being organized by Adab Foundation at Government Art Museum in Sector 10 from April 13 to 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12616533", "title": "Official apathy behind river pollution in Himachal Pradesh, says report", "text": "SHIMLA: After finding that river bed and rocky slopes were allowed to be used for commercial purpose in Himachal Pradesh, one-man commission looking into benami land deals in the state in its report has observed that callous and un-pragmatic attitude of the authorities is the root cause of pollution of rivers and habitation on the river bed. The commission has expressed concern over violations of environment protection laws.The commission has pointed out that the natural flow of water should not be obstructed, compelling the river to change its course towards the low-lying villages. \"It's a criminal offence not to visualize the aftereffects of tampering with the river bed,\" it said.The one-man commission headed by Justice (retd) D P Sood has made these remarks after finding that a person was allowed to buy 46.4 bigha of land on the river bed in Ogli area of Sirmaur district, which was further sold as an industrial plot.The commission feels that this might trigger floods in the low-lying areas.The commission pointed out that a hospitality company was allowed to purchase land along the Beas river for the establishment of a hotel and resort. \"The permission should have been denied as the resort is coming up on the banks of Beas river, hence cause pollution.The commission said: \"Section 109 of HP Land Revenue Act, 1954, and para 409 of Punjab Land Administration Manual empowers the district collector to suspend proprietary rights of right holder in the land situated on the river bed.\"It further said in some cases rock was allowed to be used for industrial purpose. Commission in its report stated that In 2006, Shubham Electricals was permitted to establish an industrial unit at Ogli, Nahan, in Sirmour district on such a land.Commission found that Sanjeev Kumar had purchased 67 bigha nine biswas of land classified as \"Gair Mumkin Dhank\" (rock) in Mauza Ogli, Nahan, Sirmour district and is now selling industrial plots.Commission further stated that in file no rev b f (10) 279/07, Cab Com Cables had been permitted to purchase six bigha land and one biswa to be used for industrial unit paving way to play with fragile ecology of the Shivalik hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12621372", "title": "Easter Sunday brunch in Bangalore", "text": "It may have been a long weekend, but there were enough foodies who stuck around in Bangalore to head to this hotspot for an Easter Sunday brunch.And even though temperatures are soaring, no one was complaining as they sipped on their chilled beverages and caught up with their pals at Citrus at the Leela Palace. There was a large expat crowd as this do, and we spotted Jo and Andy, and Kazuo and Izumi among the several couples who turned up for this brunch bash, chilling out under the summer sun and tucking into the elaborate buffet spread. There were some kiddies around as well and they were kept busy with the golden egg hunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620812", "title": "Bob Biswas gets even bigger", "text": "An innocuous looking clerk by day transforms into a deadly contract killer by night, actually, any time of day... Bengali actor Saswata Chatterjee's iconic assassin Bob Biswas in Kahaani has become larger than the film, and director Sujoy Ghosh isn't complaining.So much so plans are afoot to take Bob's character to the next level as lead in a television serial. Already, a graphic novel has been dedicated to him.When contacted, Ghosh sounded both intrigued and worried, \"Bob Biswas has most definitely exceeded the popularity of Kahaani. Poor Saswata has lost his identity. He is addressed as Bob wherever he goes.\"So is Bob getting a second life? Said Ghosh, \"Audiences have adopted Bob. I get suggestions on how to take his character forward from youngsters on the Internet. Bob isn't your suave , gun-toting, cool killer. He is an overweight job holder. We didn't give Bob a family life. But he probably goes back to a family after killing. He probably needs a second income to support his family. That's why he does the killings. I don't know... These are the details that need to be fleshed out. And we're working on it.\"While Ghosh isn't too forthcoming, we know a TV serial expanding Bob's life as a working-class assassin is being worked on. Ghosh only says, \"The idea is being worked on,\" pointing out it won't be easy for Bob to relocate from Kolkata to Mumbai.Meanwhile, Chatterjee says, \"The only problem with a TV serial is you never know where it will go. Suppose they decide to make Bob a pathosladen victim of circumstances, who goes home to his ailing mother after the killings, it would be rather sad for the character. I'd like Bob to be taken further only if the content justifies his renewal.\"The actor who happens to be the son of noted Bengali actor Subhendu Chatterjee, quickly adds, \"I've spent my entire life in Kolkata. My nineyear-old daughter Hiya studies here. My wife Mohua is a teacher. I can't wrench them out of their environment. But I can easily travel between Kolkata and Mumbai.\"Incidentally, Hiya, whose friends now regularly badger her for an autograph, hasn't seen Kahaani. \"She'd be shocked to see me killing people. I'll show it to her when she's older,\" concludes 'Bob'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12618601", "title": "Norms discrepancy keeps schools away from Panchkula", "text": "PANCHKULA: Have you ever wondered why no new school has come up in Panchkula for the past 12 years? There has been a never-ending conflict of norms between the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) and Central Board for Secondary Education (CBSE) regarding the land area required for the purpose.CBSE allows affiliation to a high school if the school exists on a minimum 1 acre land but Huda refuses to provide land to high schools anything less than 4 acres. UT administration and Puda have however allowed the same.Huda estate officer Ashwini Sharma said they cannot do anything. \"Even if CBSE gives affiliation to a school on a 1 acre area, we do not allow land to a high school less than 4 acres,\" he said.This is certainly bad news for people who wish to admit their kids in new and better schools and for those who wish to set up institutes.\"CBSE allowed me the affiliation but Huda doesn\"t help. I would have to spend four times more and would prefer Chandigarh or Zirakpur instead, \" said Vikas Singhania, an industrialist who lives in Sector 6, Panchkula. When contacted, CBSE regional director R J Khanderao said, \"Huda should revise the policy. We have simple guidelines but if they don\"t agree, we are helpless.\"Meanwhile, sources said there are some schools that take advantage of this confusion. \"Some institutes have acquired land for primary schools from Huda but function as high schools,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12616999", "title": "Is Dabolim project on forest area, HC to govt", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Tuesday directed forest department to carry out a survey of a residential project coming up at Dabolim and ascertain whether the land in question is a forest area. Forest department has to complete the survey within eight weeks.The court also directed the state government to submit the survey report to the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF). Thereafter, the ministry has to decide within six weeks on clearances already granted to the project.A division bench comprising Justice AP Lavande and Justice UV Bakre issued the directions while hearing a petition filed by Goa Foundation and one Edwin Mascarenhas challenging the project being developed by Saravati Builders and Constructions and Anand Builders.The petitioners had pointed out that the land on which the project is coming up comes under the jurisdiction of Chicalim village panchayat and consists of a forest area, which had been demarcated as no development area under the draft Regional Plan 2021. The petition alleges that implementation of the project necessitates cutting a large number of trees on a steeply sloping terrain in ecologically sensitive areas.Appearing for the petitioners, Norma Alvares pointed out that MoEF had decided to keep the environment clearance granted to the project \"in abeyance\" till it reviewed the matter. The order dated April 15, 2010, directed the builders not to proceed with the construction on survey No 43/1 till a detailed examination of all the issues raised in the petition were re-examined by the expert appraisal committee, Alvares told the court.She also pointed out that on April 27, 2010, the high court had directed the developers not to carry out further construction until MoEF takes a decision on the clearances granted to the project and had also directed the individual owners of around 43 plots in the project to maintain status quo.Earlier, the developers had told the court that they had obtained all the requisite approvals and the plots had been sub-divided in 2007. They also informed the court that several plots had been already sold and third party rights had been created.The court will hear the petition further on July 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12617570", "title": "Success is about managing yourself: Khushbu", "text": "KOCHI: Yesteryear actor Khushbu attributes her professional success to the ability to handle the tumultuous ups and downs of life with equanimity. Addressing management students at 'Shaping Young Minds', a programme organized by the All-India Management Association in Kochi on Tuesday, she explained that the best management lessons are provided by life.\"I have learnt far more after my 8th standard, when my education had to be abruptly discontinued owing to domestic issues, by facing life's challenges head-on and learning from my mistakes. To learn from your mistakes, one should also learn to unashamedly admit that errors have been made, and how to avoid them in future situations,\" Khushbu said.She exhorted the students not to confine their goals to the management field, and explore possibilities of tapping their hidden talents which could be utilized in other fields as well. \"Finding out who you are is as big a challenge as what life can throw at you. Let your heart rule your mind, and your mind will follow. You will be amazed by the results,\" she said.In his address, Dr Bhaskar Das, president with the Times of India Group, Bennett Coleman &amp; Co Ltd, said that people and organizations without have the passion to constantly learn and reinvent themselves. \"What I call 'intelligent naivete' involves the ability to remain a child, to ask constantly questions, remain curious. This is what separates the innovators from the dinosaurs,\" he said. Alluding to the Bhagvad Gita, Das said that integrity in intent and purity in process would always yield the right results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12617605", "title": "Medical waste disposal remains untreated", "text": "KOCHI: While the whole state is witnessing agitation over garbage disposal, the management of bio-medical waste still remains an incurable issue for healthcare institutions in Kerala. The government is yet to streamline a system to dispose of medical waste though the issue raises serious health concerns.According to the Union ministry of environment and forests, last year 1,547 healthcare institutions in Kerala violated the bio-medical waste (management and handling) rules and the state was listed second behind Maharashtra in case of violations. It is estimated that of the 4,05,702 kg of biomedical waste generated every day in the country, only 2,91,983 kg is being disposed of properly. Kerala comes third in terms of bio-medical waste generation with 32,884 kg of waste of which only 29,438 kg is disposed of.It is a matter of concern that Kerala has only one facility for bio-medical waste disposal - Image (IMA Goes Eco-friendly) - that now caters to only 3,200 hospitals out of the 6,000-odd healthcare institutions in the state. This common biomedical waste treatment and disposal facility in Palakkad has already reached its maximum capacity, and the IMA is planning to open two more centres in the state, one in Palode in Thiruvananthapuram and the other in Kochi.\"Now there is a growing concern that all medical waste is being dumped in Palakkad. We want people to realize that it is treated scientifically. We are planning to open more centres. But people's resistance is a major issue,\" says Dr C K Chandrasekharan, chairman of Image.Though many hospitals have been toying with the idea of having their own waste treatment plants, nothing seems to have worked. Many depend on Image, and incinerators on their premises to get rid of the daily waste generated from hospitals, including body parts, blood, food waste and plastic.Krishna Hospital in Kochi makes use of placenta anaerobic bioreactor (PAB reactor) to treat anatomical waste which is categorized and treated in a chamber of the reactor. This technology can be used by any hospital and requires only an initial investment of Rs 1.5 lakh,'' says Dr A K Sabhapathy, director of the hospital who took legal steps to get it approved by the Central Pollution Control Board. A panel from the board is visiting the hospital in the coming days to study the functioning of the reactor.\"It is time we shifted to new technologies like PAB reactors because incinerators are now outdated. Since a hospital generates seven to eight types of waste every day, various methods should be used to treat them,\" says Dr Sabhapathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12617466", "title": "'Rs 41cr paid to labourers for EGS works'", "text": "BHANDARA: In the year 2011-12, the district administration has paid almost Rs 41 crore to 1.70 lakh labourers working under employment guarantee scheme works. About 41 lakh man-days are created, and 7,610 families completed 100 days on working on EGS sites. Expected expenditure on EGS works including skilled and unskilled component is Rs 76.29 crore, said district collector Pradeep Kalbhor in a chat with TOI on Monday.Kalbhor further said that under EGS, an ambitious programme of planting one crore saplings in the district has gained momentum. Until now, 35 lakh saplings are available in nurseries. A target of 97.90 lakh saplings has been given to various government agencies and till end of this quarter, 96.64 saplings will be available for plantation. Departments of forest, social forestry, Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra, agriculture and rural development department of Zilla Parishad are implementing the ambitious scheme. Work of digging pits for plantation, acquiring polythene bags and seeds is also going on.The ambitious programme of constructing irrigation wells in 541 villages of the district is undertaken under Maharashtra rural employment guarantee scheme. The target to be achieved is 2,705 irrigation wells. \"Work on 1,151 wells is in progress while 101 wells are already completed. The remaining will be completed before the commencement of monsoon season,\" Kalbhor said.The district administration has been given Rs 94.62 crore, out of which Rs 90.28 crore are distributed to various implementing government agencies. Skilled and unskilled works are two components of EGS works. Unskilled work is done by labourers and skilled component is done by machinery and skilled workers like masons.Rs 40.55 crore is given to labourers as their wages for unskilled component and Rs 32.19 crore is given for skilled work. Rs 4.5 crore has been spent on administrative expenses. Still, Rs 18.22 crore are with the administration, which will be utilized for implementation of EGS works to be undertaken in the present financial year. \"Instead of going to other works, labourers should opt for working on EGS works. They are assured of their wages and other facilities under EGS act,\" Kalbhor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12618854", "title": "Fish does the vanishing act at city restaurants", "text": "MUMBAI: City restaurants appear to have run out of fish. The shortage has ensured that prices of fish dishes have shot up substantially over the past fortnight . \"Even if we manage to get some fish in the market, prices on the menu card have to be pushed up by around 20%,\" said Sudhakar Shetty, president of Ahar, an association that represents more than 7,000 restaurants and bars in the city.City restaurateur Meldan D'Cunha said, \"During the past five to six months, there has been a real dearth.\"He said dozens of posters were put up in the Matunga market a few days ago to showcase Mumbaikars' anger over overfishing and illegal export. \"Big fish such as surmai, ravas and ghol have disappeared and the few pomfrets that can be spotted are exorbitant. Even the calamari, which is usually found aplenty during this season , is a rarity,\" said Meldan.Rajhans Tapke, president of National Association of Fishermen , blamed the shortage on a changed climate and pollution at breeding grounds due to reclamation and sewage. He also said a majority of the fish stock gets exported because of a ban on fishing in Andhra Pradesh and Orissa during this period. He pegged the shortage at about 60% of the usual catch.J D Shetty, a Fort restaurateur , said he too had no option but to hike prices by 15%. \"The demand-supply balance has to be maintained amidst high prices and shortage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12617227", "title": "MMC to spend Rs 24cr on development works in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: An amount of almost 24 crore will be spent by the Margao municipal council (MMC) to carry out development works in the city in the current fiscal, as per the budget prepared by the civic body for 2012-13.The MMC has budgeted an amount of 9 crore for rehabilitation scheme of gaddas at the old market and 5 crore for scientific capping of the existing garbage dump at Sonsoddo. Another Rs crore has been allocated in the budget for land acquisition for various works within the city.The MMC has banked heavily on the grant-in-aid to be received from the government for development works in all 20 wards.It has budgeted 3 crore from these government funds for the purpose, even as a provision of additional 1 crore has been allocated for development works through municipal funds. Besides this, an amount of 50 lakh has been allocated for maintenance of roads, drains, markets, gardens and also parks.Unlike the previous two budgets, the MMC has failed to make any provision in the budget for door-to-door collection of garbage and hotel waste collection. However, though budgetary allocation for the two projects was made for in budgets for 2010-11 and 2011-12, the MMC had failed to implement the plans. Asked to explain why the MMC has failed to factor in these plans in the current fiscal, MMC's chief officer J B Bhingui said that the civic body intends to execute these plans through the concessionaire of the Sonsoddo garbage treatment plant.\"The chief minister has also suggested that the exercise of door-to-door garbage collection and hotel waste collection be started on a trial basis. We will work out the plans shortly,\" Bhingui told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12616146", "title": "Cops to coordinate with watchmen to control crime", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With a view to keeping a tab on incidents of property-related crimes, the city police have decided to coordinate with watchmen of various localities and security guards manning important establishments in western city parts. A meeting of all the police inspectors of Sector I was conducted by joint commissioner of police Ajay Tomar on Tuesday. tnnwhere the crime modus operandi and coordination with citizens was discussed.\"As per the senior officials, the watchmen and security guards enrolled with private agencies can play a major role in thwarting a crime or at least raising an alarm in time to nab the accused. In a recent incident, an alert watchman, who had phone number of a constable with Satellite police station, called upon the constable and brought the police team to the spot in time which resulted in the arrest of the accused,\" said a police official.As per the plan, the police stations have been asked to create a database of at least 100 security personnel and also give phone number of surveillance squad members to them so that in time of emergency, they can directly contact the person concerned. The police stations have also been asked to map out important buildings and residential areas so that at the time of crime, a team can reach the spot in minimum time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12615895", "title": "High court bars media from reporting on recent troop movement row", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court on Tuesday barred both the print and electronic media from publishing and broadcasting any news related to the recent troop movement controversy. A division bench of Justice Umanath Singh and Justice VK Dixit directed the Union secretaries for home as well as information and broadcasting and UP's principal secretary, home, to ensure implementation of the court order.The diktat came on a public interest litigation filed by a Lucknow-based social activist Nutan Thakur seeking directions for the prime minister's office to initiate a judicial probe into the veracity of reports on the movement of two army units towards Delhi. She also sought a probe into news reports that a senior Union minister planted the news stories.\"The issue of movement of Army troops is not a matter of the kind which requires public discussion at the cost of defence official secrecy and the security of the country,\" the order said.Thakur had sought action against the newspapers in case the report on the troop movement was found to be false.A national English daily on April 4 had reported that two Army units, based in Hisar and Agra respectively, had moved towards Delhi on January 16 without notifying the government, causing a scare. The army described it as a routine exercise and the government denied any threat.On Tuesday, after hearing the petitioner and assistant solicitor general of India I H Farooqi, the judges said Thakur was concerned that media reporting on the subject, if permitted to continue, might interfere with handling of security matters, particularly movement of troops from the strategic point of view in the field as well as peace areas.\"Thus, without interfering with the independence of media and keeping in view the fact that the news items relating to movements of troops have already engaged the attention at the highest level in the defence as well as in the government, we think it appropriate to direct secretary, home affairs and secretary information &amp; broadcasting, government of India, and the principal secretary, home, government of UP, to ensure that there is no reporting/release of any news item by the print as well as electronic media relating to the subject matter, namely, the movement of troops,\" the judges directed.The court dismissed the petition with directions that the order should be sent to the officials concerned as well as to additional solicitor general of India/assistant solicitor general of India and chief standing counsel for immediate compliance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12618630", "title": "Case closed for lack of proof", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT ) has found no evidence against chief minister Narendra Modi and 60 others to implicate them in the 2002 post-Godhra riots. On Gulbarg massacre witness Zakia Jafri's plea for a copy of the SIT report, metropolitan magistrate M S Bhatt said in his order on Tuesday that the probe agency had filed a \"closure report against the accused persons\" for lack of evidence. The magistrate has asked SIT to provide a copy of the report along with all documents to Zakia, widow of former Congress MP Ehsan Jafri who was killed in the massacre, within 30 days.The SC had asked SIT to probe Zakia's allegation that the Gulbarg Society massacre - in which 69 people were killed - was the result of a larger conspiracy. On September 12 last year, the Supreme Court had refrained from passing any order on Zakia's petition and had asked the trial court to decide on the case on the basis of the SIT's report.Immediately after the Supreme Court order, Modi had Tweeted, \"God is great,\" and announced the three-day Sadbhavana fast. On Tuesday Modi refrained from Tweeting.SC's amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran has, however, disagreed with the SIT on certain aspects, like whether the evidence is enough to start prosecution. His findings have been annexed with the final report.The 63 people that Zakia had named in her plea were virtually the who's who of Sangh Parivar and the government in 2002. Besides Modi, the list includes ministers, top VHP leaders like Praveen Togadia, the then police commissioners of Ahmedabadand Vadodara other top cops and MLAs. Former chief secretary, home secretary and legal secretary were also named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12617581", "title": "Nitte issues notice to Mithra Hegde", "text": "MANGALORE: The Nitte University on Tuesday issued a show-cause notice to Dr Mithra Nidarsh Hegde after an RTI revelation proved that she was not appointed as the personal dentist to President Pratibha Patil.The university has sought an explanation from Mithra, who is a senior professor and head of the department of conservative dentistry and endodontics at A B Shetty Memorial Institute of Dental Sciences (ABSMIDS), Deralakatte.Speaking to TOI, ABSMIDS principal Rajendra Prasad said: \"Nitte University chancellor's office has sent a letter to Dr Mithra seeking her clarification on the charges.''Mithra has sought a week's time to reply for the notice. According to sources, the university has also directed Dr Mithra to go on leave.In 2010, Dr Mithra had claimed that she was appointed as the personal dentist to President Pratibha Patil. She had also won the Rajyothsava award and several other accolades following her claim.In reply to an RTI application filed Shiva Sharan, former secretary of Karnataka state branch of the Indian Dental Association in 2011, Rashtrapathi Bhavan had clarified that there was no panel of dentists at present. Further, it also said that Dr Mithra had never treated the President nor was she appointed as dentist to the President.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12617143", "title": "Cops yet to act on Additional district magistrate assault", "text": "KOLKATA: Police are yet to make any arrest for the attack on Sanjay Basu, the ADM (zilla parishad), South 24-Parganas, on Thursday. He was attacked in his office at AliporeBasu was allegedly attacked in his Alipore office by some coordination committee members, who were there to submit a memorandum. Basu, who was seriously injured, later lodged an FIR. But no one has been arrested yet.Tanmay Biswas, a coordination committee leader was transferred to Mograhat from Alipore and for that the Co-ordination Committee members had gone to submit their memorandum in which Biswas was also present.Basu later had lodged an FIR with the Alipore thana, but till date none was arrested. For that theBureaucrats are annoyed as the accused are roaming free. DM of South 24-Parganas, Narayan Swarup Nigam, said it was a failure on the part of police. tnnas they failed to arrest the accused co-ordination committee leaders and members. \"We have submitted a supplementary FIR naming all the accused persons and their addresses, but the police did not make any progress in the case. We will not allow any indiscipline in the offices and for that stern action will be taken and departmental proceeding is to be started soon.\"Nigam said that already five of the accused staff had been suspended. West Bengal State Civil Service Executive Association's secretary Sutanu Prasad Kar also condemned the attack and demanded arrest of the attackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634328", "title": "Akshay Kumar follows Salman Khan to the T!", "text": "One can't help but applaud Salman Khan for the trend he has set, and most actors seem to be earning more out of it then they could ever imagine...After Salman's Dabangg act, and with subsequently similar roles in Ready and Bodyguard, it's Akshay Kumar's turn now to do a Salman Khan in Rowdy Rathore.The actor may be returning to an action role after seven long years, but the role isn't very different from our Chulbul Pandey, a policeman who indulged in action, and mouthed senseless yet punchy dialogues that made you giggle.Akshay does the same thing in Rowdy Rathore. While his role in the film is an action one, he has dialogues like \"Don't angry me!\" And to top it all, Akshay, like Salman, will be dancing to steps choreographed by Prabhu Deva - not a very easy task!Now, we just have to wait and watch if Akki's shirt tears at the end of it all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12622176", "title": "Nandamuri family boycotts ANR diamond jubilee", "text": "All is not well between the Akkineni family and the NTR family. The absence of actors of the Nandamuri family at the special felicitation ceremony to celebrate the platinum jubilee function of matinee idol ANR has set off speculations that the two families are on a collision course. The reason, however, is not clear. Some blame it on professional rivalry while other's call it the Ram Charan effect! Sources close to the Nandamuri family say that the presence of Chiranjeevi was the reason behind the alleged last boycott. Apparently the Nandamuri family did not take too kindly to the innuendos poking fun at the Nandamuri heroes' thigh-slapping and moustache-twirling tendencies in Ram Charan's \"Rachcha\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12617730", "title": "Dental X-rays tied to brain tumour", "text": "WASHINGTON: People who have received more than one dental x-ray a year are twice as likely to develop a common type of brain tumour, claims a new study, suggesting that the procedure should be undertaken as less as possible.A team led by researchers from the Yale University School of Medicine in the US found that people who reported having more than one dental x-ray a year were 1.4 times to 1.9 times more likely than those who did not to have diagnosed with meningioma, a common but potentially debilitating type of non-cancerous brain tumour.Individuals who reported receiving these exams when they were younger than 10 years old had a 4.9 times increased risk of developing meningioma. \"The study highlights the need for increasing awareness regarding the optimal use of dental X-rays , which unlike many risk factors, is modifiable,\" said lead author Elizabeth Claus, a professor at Yale and a neurosurgeon at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston.However, she said people should not overreact to their findings. \"Our take home message is don't panic. Don't stop going to the dentist.\"According to the researchers , dental x-rays are the most common synthetic source of exposure to ionising radiation for individuals - the primary environmental risk factor for developing meningioma . These tumours grow in the lining inside the skull.Most are slow growing but they can cause problems if they start to press on the brain, and they can be lethal.The study found that over a lifetime, individuals who developed meningioma were more than twice as likely as those in the control group to report having received bitewing exams - which use X-ray film held in between the teeth - yearly or more frequently.They also found a link between meningioma risk and the panorex dental exam (which uses an X-ray outside the mouth to develop a single image of all of the teeth).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12617913", "title": "Palike bungles in RT Nagar", "text": "BANGALORE: Close the road for constructing a speed-breaker and reopen it before the work is over. The result : a 61-year-old retired forest officer was thrown off the road late on Monday after his bike hit the speed-breaker which had neither warning signals nor was it in a welllit area. He was left with a broken leg and a deep cut in the head.Residents of RT Nagar and adjacent areas on Tuesday staged a flash demonstration in protest against the callous BBMP which had reopened the stretch linking RT Nagar and Bellary Road and passing in front of the Parachute Regiment School even before the work could be finished. Incidentally, the road passes in front of Union law minister M Veerappa Moily's residence. Civic officials swung into action and immediately blocked the road, besides putting up a warning signal.Retired forest officer Abdul Subhan , who is admitted to Columbia Asia Hospital with a broken leg and four stitches on his head, said: \"I was going from my house in RT Nagar to Kempegowda bus station to drop my son on Sunday night. It was around 10pm and no streetlights were on. Before I could see the speed-breaker and slow down my bike, my twowheeler hit the speed-breaker and I was thrown to the road. The speedbreaker just seemed like a log lying across the road.\"IT'S A CULVERT: BBMPWhen TOI contacted BBMP officials , they said that it was not a speed-breaker but a culvert which was reinforced and covered. KR Chidananda , assistant executive engineer , said the culvert cover will be made into a proper speed-breaker soon. He didn't respond on whether any action will be taken against people responsible for the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12618028", "title": "Status report on lawyers\u2019 violence", "text": "BANGALORE: Police on Tuesday told the high court that they are giving priority to investigating 34 complaints registered against police officers in connection with the March 2 violence at the City Civil Court complex.\"Of the 187 cases registered , 34 are against police personnel . Wholehearted efforts are being made to make progress in cases registered against police . The cases where lawyers have been named as accused will be dealt with only after there's substantial progress is cases registered against the cops ,\" said the status report submitted by police to the high court.The division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen will continue hearing on Wednesday the composite PIL on the March 2 violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12618015", "title": "Khar faces sack for contradicting Zardari: Report", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Days after foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar contradicted president Asif Ali Zardari during a meeting with a visiting American diplomat, speculation is rife that her portfolio may be changed.The speculation was sparked by remarks of PM Yousaf Raza Gilani four days after the meeting.Gilani took the top brass in the foreign ministry by surprise by saying that a \"fresh team\" would carry forward talks with India to resolve outstanding issues, without explaining what \"fresh team\" meant.The US delegation led by deputy secretary of state Thomas Nides was taken by surprise when Khar publicly contradicted Zardari during a meeting at the governor's house in Lahore on April 4.Nides raised the issue of Pakistan's participation in a conference on Afghanistan in Chicago in May, and Zardari said his government was amenable to discussing the matter if Washington extended a formal invitation.At this point, Khar intervened saying the issue could not be taken up till a joint session of parliament completed an ongoing review of Pakistan-US relations.The US delegation was surprised by Khar's \"argumentative\" tone in the presence of the president, who is perceived as the PPP's main decision-maker on crucial foreign policy issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12618152", "title": "Nano centre to open today", "text": "MYSORE: The city is getting a state-of-the-art Centre for Nano-technology at National Institute of Engineering here. IT principal secretary M N Vidyashankar will inaugurate the facility on Wednesday.Two prestigious projects on nano materials and its applications will be carried out at the centre. A team of experts, with G L Shekhar as the principal investigator, is working on the two projects. The other team members are B K Shreedhara, L Krishnamurthy, K Pushpalatha and S Shamsundhar.The project titled 'Characterization of composite materials and application of nano materials for sustainable energy' is worth Rs. 1.86 crore, while the other project 'Development of CIGS-based nano materials for photovoltaics' costs Rs 60 lakh.The centre is a multi-disciplinary research centre for the faculty members of physics, chemistry and mechanical sciences. The primary objective of the centre is to characterize structural and mechanical properties of nano materials on various applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12621339", "title": "Battered Bangalore baby Neha Afreen dies in hospital", "text": "BANGALORE: Three-month-old baby Afreen, allegedly battered and abused by her father for being born a girl, died at a hospital here on Wednesday after suffering a cardiac arrest.Afreen had convulsions at 10am and later suffered a cardiac arrest, Dr Somegowda, resident medical superintendent of Vani Vilas Hospital, where the child was admitted two days ago said.The baby was in a semi-comatose state after her condition deteriorated following two convulsions last evening.Afreen, who was on life support system, had hurried respiration of 30-40 per minute against the normal 20-25 and also Pathycardia (increased heart rate), Gowda said.Speaking to reporters, hospital authorities said Afreen was getting convulsions and bleeding which aggravated the cardiac arrest, leading to the baby's death at 11.10am.Vani Vilas hospital had sought help from the National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences (NIMHANS) for Afreen's treatment.Her father Umar Farooq, who allegedly tortured the baby because he wanted a boy, is in judicial custody till April 21. He was arrested on April 8 on a complaint by Afreen's mother Reshma, who allegedly witnessed the abuse and wants the hardest punishment for him.Afreen was admitted to the paediatric intensive care in the hospital on Sunday. She had cigarette burns on her head and a dislocated neck.Police had said Farooq has confessed to having tried to kill his daughter as he did not want a girl baby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12620484", "title": "Facebook CEO had threatened to disable site over pay dispute", "text": "NEW YORK: Facebook Inc co-founder Mark Zuckerberg threatened in 2004 to disable part of the website he was working on for Paul Ceglia , the New York man now suing him for part-ownership of the multibillion-dollar company, according to copies of e-mails filed by Facebook in federal court.Zuckerberg worked for Ceglia in 2003 and 2004, while he was attending Harvard University and building the website that would become the world's biggest social network. In an e-mail to Ceglia, Zuckerberg demanded payment for work on Ceglia's website, StreetFax.com, warning that if he didn't get the money that was coming to him, he would take down part of the site.\"I must receive $5,000 by next Saturday at midnight, or the scroll search functionality will be removed from the site,\" Zuckerberg wrote in a message to Ceglia on Feb. 21, 2004, about two weeks after he put \"Thefacebook.com\" online. Zuckerberg told Ceglia he owed him $10,500 of the $19,500 he'd been promised, according to the e-mails, filed by Facebook as part of the lawsuit in Buffalo, New York.Facebook last month asked the judge to throw out the lawsuit. The incident supports Zuckerberg's defense that the contract on which Ceglia bases his claim to half of the CEO's Facebook holdings is a fake, defense attorney Orin Snyder of Gibson Dunn &amp; Crutcher LLP said in an e-mail April 9.A different contract Facebook claims is the actual agreement between the men shows Ceglia hired Zuckerberg for the StreetFax work alone, the lawyer said. Zuckerberg never acted on the threat to disable Ceglia's website, according to Snyder.'Cyber-briber'Zuckerberg's 2004 e-mail to Ceglia prompted a lawyer connected to StreetFax at the time to refer to him as the \"brat programmer\" and \"cyber-briber,\" according to messages included in Facebook's court papers. The company said it found the e-mails in Ceglia's electronic files.The contract Facebook claims is genuine would have permitted Zuckerberg \"to offline the site Streetfax.com and remove his program\" for non-payment. The contract Ceglia claims Zuckerberg signed gives him no such right. In its court papers seeking dismissal of the suit, Facebook said Ceglia never paid Zuckerberg the remaining $10,500. The two last communicated in May 2004, according to Facebook.Facebook has disclosed in court papers 15 of about 300 e-mails the company said it recovered from Zuckerberg's Harvard e-mail account, consisting of communications with Ceglia and others working for StreetFax at the time.Frequently demands moneyIn the emails, Zuckerberg frequently demands money he claims Ceglia owes him, while Ceglia asks for more time to pay. The 15 messages span almost nine months, from Aug. 15, 2003, to May 7, 2004, shortly before Zuckerberg left Harvard for Palo Alto , California , where he ran Facebook until moving it last year.Ceglia's lawyer, Dean Boland, said his client's computer experts aren't able to determine whether the Harvard e-mails are genuine or complete because they haven't had access to the Harvard e-mail server. Facebook, now based in Menlo Park , California, has also had exclusive access to computers Zuckerberg used in 2003 and 2004, and evidence from suits filed against the company by Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin, and by Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss and Divya Nirendra, Boland said.The plaintiffs in the two cases, former Harvard students who claimed a role in founding Facebook, eventually settled. Ceglia, 38, sued Zuckerberg, 27, and Facebook in 2010, claiming he signed a contract with Zuckerberg in April 2003 that made them partners in exchange for an investment in the project. Zuckerberg said in court papers that the contract he signed related only to his StreetFax work and had nothing to do with Facebook.Traffic intersectionsStreetFax, which Ceglia started to sell pictures of traffic intersections to insurance companies, is no longer in business. Facebook, which in February filed for an initial public offering to raise $5 billion, is worth an estimated $95.8 billion, according to SharesPost.com, which tracks nonpublic companies.Facebook said in its request to dismiss Ceglia's suit that the complaint is a fraud on the court. Facebook claimed Ceglia hopes to use the litigation to \"leverage his fraud by disrupting Facebook's highly publicized initial public offering.\"After Zuckerberg sent the 2004 message threatening to disable the StreetFax site, Ceglia contacted Jim Kole, a lawyer Facebook described in court papers as \"an initial member of StreetFax,\" for advice on what to do, according to a separate e-mail exchange made public by Facebook in the case.Written assurance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12616730", "title": "Swine flu death: Hospitals on alert", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the death of Sarkhej resident Yasminbanu Iqbal Hussain (57) due to swine flu on Sunday, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) officials have issued guidelines to all the hospitals in city. The corporation hospitals and even the corporate hospitals have been asked to have an isolation ward along with round the clock trained staff.Yasminbanu succumbed to swine flu at V S Hospital on Sunday. This is the first death due to H1N1 virus in the city in the current year. Yasminbanu was admitted to the hospital on April 6. AMC health officials said eight persons who had come in direct contact with Yasminbanu have been put in isolation and are being administered prophylaxis treatment for the dreaded virus. The AMC has also begun a survey of 201 houses in the area where Yasminbanu was staying.AMC has issued guidelines also along with the warning. AMC officials said patients having mild fever with cough/sore throat with or without body ache, diarrhea and vomiting will be categorized as A category patients. No testing of patients for H1N1 is required for such patients. Such patients should confine themselves at home and avoid mixing up with public and high risk members in the family.In addition to the body ache, diarrhea and vomiting, if the person has high grade fever and severe sore throat, such person will required home isolation.Children with mild illness, but with predisposing risk factors, pregnant women, persons aged over 65 years and patients with long diseases, heart disease and liver disease should be taken as a high-risk patients. Pregnant women with symptoms of swine flu should also be treated as high risk patients and all necessary medical steps need to be carried out with such patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12618163", "title": "School bus rams sedan in Sec 29", "text": "GURGAON: A school bus rammed into a Toyota Corolla car near the Sector 29 fire station on Tuesday morning. Luckily, there were no students in the bus. The police seized the bus but the driver had fled the spot by then. A case of negligence has been registered in the Sector 29 police station.The incident took place near Sector 29 fire station around 7.10am on Tuesday. The accident happened when Pankaj Bajoria, a hotel employee in the city, was going towards IFFCO Chowk from Huda City Centre Metro station side in his Corolla. A speeding school bus rammed into the Corolla. After hitting the car, the bus collided with the divider and the driver abandoned the bus and ran away.\"It was a close call because the bus hit my car on its right side. The bus was behind the car but suddenly the driver tried to overtake and rammed the car. I have suffered a loss of about Rs 3-4 lakh. I have given a complaint to the police,\" said Bajoria.\"We have identified the bus, which is in our custody, as belonging to Ascent Public School. On the complaint of the car owner we have lodged an FIR against the unknown bus driver of bus number HR 55-F-6227,\" said a senior police officer of the Sector 29 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12616835", "title": "RBI holds meet on currency management", "text": "PATNA: The 13th high-power meeting of the Standing Committee on Currency Management (SCCM) for Jharkhand state, falling under the jurisdiction of RBI Patna issue circle, was held on Monday here to discuss issues relating to currency management, including implementation of clean note policy, customer services, availability and retail distribution of notes and coins, detection-impounding-reporting of fake Indian currency notes and movement of treasure. Regional director, Bihar and Jharkhand, Mohit Kumar Singh chaired the meeting.The meeting was attended by SP, CID (EOW) S Tabrez, senior officers from the department of posts, controlling heads/senior officers from major banks in Jharkhand and officers from the issue department, RBI, Patna.SCCM is the apex forum in the state set up to bring together commercial banks and other government agencies on a common platform to discuss and sort out issues/challenges in areas of currency management, keeping in view the broad policy framework and customer satisfaction. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12615721", "title": "Raja Bhaiya offers cool comfort in UP jails", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday announced a slew of facilities for prisoners days after Raghuraj Pratap Singh, who has spent time in prison, took over as the state's jail minister. The facilities include water coolers, clean toilets and public call offices (PCOs).Besides this, imprisoned couples lodged in separate jails or districts will now be lodged in the same jail on humanitarian grounds. The prisoners will be able to have visitors twice a week. They were earlier allowed to have visitors once a month.The state prisons' department has been given 90 days for implementation of the reforms in the first phase. The second phase will begin in October. \"We are not promising the moon to jail inmates. We only believe that they should be treated as human beings,\" said Singh, who had around two dozen criminal cases against him at one time and has spent several years in jail.The minister had earlier ordered free surgery for inmates suffering from cataract, appendicitis and hernia in UP jails. As a result, 280 inmates underwent the surgeries across the state and the target was completed within the stipulated time of seven days. \"Cent per cent post surgery recovery has been reported,\" the minister said.The minister said specially manufactured telephone instruments available in the market with a price tag ranging from a few thousands to Rs five lakh would be used in PCOs. He said these instruments have inbuilt conversation recording system.The facility will initially be available for convicts and installed inside the office of the deputy jailor to check misuse. Prisoners have long been caught using cellphones in UP jails.The minister announced a ban on the use of Vanaspati for cooking in jail kitchens. Refined oil would replace Vanaspati to upgrade the quality of food.The idea of installing air coolers earlier mooted was dropped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12616216", "title": "Hyderabad police commissioner AK Khan hands over baton to Anurag Sharma", "text": "Ending two days of speculation, Hyderabad city police commissioner AK Khan on Tuesday handed over charge to additional director general (Greyhounds) Anurag Sharma, a 1982-batch IPS officer. At around 4 pm, Khan handed over charge to Anurag Sharma at his office in Basheerbagh and went ahead with his month-long mid-career training programme.Immediately after the formalities, Anurag Sharma held a law and order review meeting with senior police officials, including additional CPs, DCP DD and Task Force DCPs at his Purani Haveli office in Old City. Anurag directed officers to not pick up people in haste and only carry out arrests after gathering proper evidence. Subsequently, the in-charge CP also held a night teleconference with all DCPs and above ranking officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12617812", "title": "\u2018My husband warned me against having a girl child\u2019", "text": "BANGALORE: \"We were married in December 2010 and since then he has been harassing me for dowry. He was very keen on having a baby boy and often warned me against having a girl,\" Reshma Banu, mother of three-month old Hina,told the Child Welfare Committee on Tuesday.The baby is battling for life after her father Umar Farooq tried to allegedly kill her by smothering her with a pillow.In an eight-page statement given to the committee, she narrated how her husband Umar used to ill-treat her and their baby.Reshma alleged that her inlaws encouraged their son. \"My in-laws never stopped my husband whenever he beat us. His mother used to say that a father had every right to beat his children,\" she told CWC.About that fateful night, she said: \"When I switched on the light around 4am on Friday, I saw my daughter covered with a bedsheet. On removing it, I found an old pillow placed on her face. I knew that it was a heavy pillow. But I was shocked when police said the pillow weighed nearly 1 kg.\"Committee members said they will try and unite the separated couple. \"We will summon the couple, counsel them for settlement,\" Anasuya Hegde , CWC member, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "12622485", "title": "Sony, Sharp lose $11bn", "text": "TOKYO: Sony Corp and Sharp Corp posted losses that together equaled 900 billion yen ($11 billion) as the first decline in global TV shipments in six years and a stronger yen eroded earnings at Japan's biggest LCD TV makers.Sony had a record loss of 520 billion yen for the year ended March 31, more than twice what it had predicted in February, after taking a charge to write down deferred tax assets. The stock fell the most in five months in Tokyo trading. Sharp also declined after posting a record loss of 380 billion yen, 31 percent more than its earlier forecast.The two companies, once symbols of Japan's dominance in electronics, have been hammered by Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co, a currency that reached a postwar high and prompted government intervention, and the aftermath of last year's quake and Thai floods. Sony's new President, Kazuo Hirai , may have to raise equity and cut jobs while Sharp has turned to Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group for a $1.6 billion infusion.\"Investors have kept hoping for their revival and have been repeatedly let down,\" Einosuke Yoshino, a fund manager at Commons Asset Management in Tokyo, said today by phone. \"They make slow decisions and have weak leadership. I no longer believe them.\"Sony fell 4.8 per cent, the most in intraday trading since Nov. 10, to 1,510 yen as of 10:51 a.m. in Tokyo. It was the second-biggest decline among more than 1,600 companies in the MSCI World Index. Sharp dropped 3.2 per cent to 513 yen while Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 Stock Average lost 1.2 per cent.'Nothing is sacred'The cost of insuring Sony's bonds against non-payment for five years jumped by 36 basis points to 222 yesterday, the highest in more than three years, according to CMA, which is owned by CME Group Inc and compiles prices in the private market.\"The situation is critical and we will carry out drastic reform. Nothing is sacred,\" Sony Chief Financial Officer Masaru Kato said in Tokyo, where the company is based. \"Turning around our TV business is a top priority.\"Sony took a 300 billion-yen charge to write down the value of deferred tax assets as the company no longer expects to be as profitable as it had once forecast. The company may raise financing with equity, according to Kato. It has not made any specific plans to do so, he said.\"Given the tax charges, Sony's revival and growth plans in the US don't seem to be working out,\" said Satoshi Yuzaki, a general manager at Takagi Securities in Tokyo. \"The market is very skeptical about the outlook for the company over the next three to five years.\"'Race to the bottom'Sony and Osaka, Japan-based Sharp have been trying to reach consumers willing to pay high prices for televisions with LED, or light-emitting diode, sets. Sharp, for instance, reintroduced the Elite brand it licensed after Pioneer Corp left the TV market.Phil Molyneux, president of Sony's US electronics business, is focusing on improving consumers' retail experiences. On April 1, the company instituted a \"unilateral pricing policy\" that limits how much a retailer can mark down Sony's products. The move will \"slow the race to the bottom,\" he told reporters at a briefing in March.Sony also is accelerating its redesign worldwide of company-owned stores to deliver a shopping experience similar to what Apple (AAPL) provides at its retail outlets.Strong YenThe modest gains Sony has seen from such moves have been hobbled by the strong yen, Molyneux said. The yen's 7.3 per cent surge against the dollar and 11 per cent gain against the euro in 2011 damped the repatriated value of Japanese companies' overseas sales. Sony earned 70 per cent of its revenue outside Japan and Sharp 47 per cent.Manufacturers have been forced to both relocate production outside of Japan and to press their suppliers for cost cuts. Interventions by Japan's finance ministry and the Bank of Japan helped bring the currency down from October's postwar high against the dollar.The preliminary loss underscores the challenge for Hirai, 51, in turning around the company that set the trend in electronics during the 1980s with products like the Walkman music player. Hirai, who succeeded Howard Stringer this month, has said he will close down less-competitive businesses and cut costs to revive Sony. The company predicted operating profit of 180 billion yen for the fiscal year that began this month.10,000 job cuts\"What they're doing now is trying to squeeze out profits with cost cuts,\" said Ichiro Takamatsu, who helps oversee $2 billion at Bayview Asset Management Co. in Tokyo. \"I can't see a scenario in which they boost their top line. The environment is still severe, demand for TVs won't recover, and they've got no hit products.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12617632", "title": "Where have Bengal's babies gone?", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal's Gen-Y population is shrinking. Fewer children are being born in Bengal households, resulting in an alarming drop of 11.4% in the age group 0-6 years in the past decade. Kolkata has the most shocking statistics - 23% fewer children were born in the last 10 years than in the decade before that.The Census 2011 will ring alarm bells in the Bengal society because it indicates that nuclear families are moving from the one-child norm to no-child norm, although not necessarily out of choice. What's more disturbing is that this trend - thought to be an urban phenomenon - is more pronounced in Bengal's villages. South Dinajpur has the worst drop in birth rate.In a state where crib deaths make headlines with unnerving regularity, the obvious reason for the drop in the next-generation population could be the infant mortality rate (child deaths per 1000 births). Surprisingly, it isn't so. The Sample Registration System (SRS) bulletin of 2010 shows that the IMR in Bengal is 31 for the 2008-2011 period - only Kerala, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu fare better among the bigger states. This is a marked improvement from the 2001 SRS study (1998-2000), which pegged the IMR in Bengal at 51.With the infant deaths reversed, you would think that the child population will go up but the Census 2011 figures are indicative of only one disturbing factor - Bengali families are reluctant to have children now. The SRS bulletin shows a sharp fall in birth rate. In 1998-2000, the birth rate was 20.6 but in 2008-2010, it plummeted to 16.8. The census report indicates that it is set to drop further.\"The sub-17 birth rate prompted us to revalidate the data. It took us by surprise because it appeared very low. We rechecked the data - it was the same,\" said Dipak Ghosh, state director of Census operations. That children are not born weak (which indicates proper care is being taken during pregnancy) is reflected in another health department report. The nutrition study, between January and June, 2011, shows that 65% of the 7 lakh kids (0-6 years) treated at state health facilities in the six-month period had 'normal' health. Only 0.22% kids showed the most severe form of nutritional deficiencies. What's also heartening is that the maternal mortality rate in Bengal (9.2) is much better than the national average of 16.3.All this should translate into a rise in child population, but that's not the case in the last 10 years.\"This signifies that people are going for fewer children, compared to the decade earlier. In fact, Kolkata tops the country for having the highest number of one-child families. We really need to understand more why the city couples dither from having more than one child. A negative decadal growth indicates that fewer births are happening even as the population increases,\" said S K Singh, associate professor, mathematical demography department, Indian Institute of Population Sciences, Mumbai.If this be one aspect of the Census 2011 report, the other is the rapidly bridging gap between the urban-rural attitude on bringing children home. In fact, the rural populace is giving birth to fewer children than those living in cities and towns, says the report. Higher literacy rates (increased by nearly 9% in rural Bengal) could also be a reason why only 1% more boys were born compared to girls. Ghosh has an interesting take on bridging the rural-urban divide. \"We also base our enumeration on Census 'towns'. The benchmark is a population of over 5,000, a density of 400/sqkm where over 75% of the working male population is into non-agricultural jobs. In 1991 it was 262, in 2001 it was 252 and in 2011, it jumped to 780. This rural populace has urban character,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12623066", "title": "Yuvraj Kalyankumar in Kannada film Jakkana", "text": "Yuvraj Kalyankumar is all set to make his Kannada debut with suspense thriller Jakkana.He is grandson of the late legend actor Kalyankumar who was a successful actor in Kannada films. Interestingly Jakkana is character played by Kalyankumar in his movie Amarashilpi Jakanachari.But Yuvraj Kalyankumar clears that has nothing to do with his film. Instead the film showcases art and culture of Karnataka. Yuraj admits that he is following his grandfather's footsteps and also aims to be a known actor like him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616455", "title": "Speeding Mercedes rams police bike; cop dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another late-night speeding disaster, a police constable on duty was killed and another critically injured when a zooming Mercedes car rammed their bike from behind and dragged it for about 100 metres at Paschim Vihar, west Delhi, around 1am on Tuesday.The driver of the car, identified as Gurdeep Singh, 36, owns a well known pub, Ice Lounge, at a mall in Saket and another in Gurgaon, police said. He fled the spot and was arrested in the morning. Singh tested negative for alcohol during a medical examination in the morning, police added.The constables - 39-year-old Deepak Kumar Chauhan who was declared dead in hospital and Amit Kumar, 24 - were on patrol duty around B1 block in Paschim Vihar. They were moving towards their designated 'halt point' on road number 30 outside B1 block, when they were hit.Police said the bike was rammed from behind as it was turning right towards Madipur. Chauhan, driving the bike, was flung in the air on impact and landed on the windscreen of the Mercedes. The pillion rider, Kumar, also went flying and hit the car's window pane on the driver's side before falling to the road, eyewitnesses said.According to eyewitness accounts, the Mercedes sped on without slowing - dragging the bike with it for about 100 metres - till it smashed against police barricades along the road. The driver then reversed the car and escaped at high speed.The loud noise of the crash brought passersby and residents sleeping in the vicinity rushing to the spot. One of the residents took the constables to hospital while others informed the police about the accident.\"We received a call around five minutes past one and rushed to the spot. The victim had been taken to the hospital. While Chauhan had been declared 'brought dead', Kumar was admitted with injuries in the head and other places,\" said a senior police officer. Hospital sources said Chauhan had died of excessive bleeding from the neck and other injuries.The chase game began after the accident as cops began operations to trace the car and its driver. Acting on a tip-off from an eyewitness, cops landed up at Ekta Apartments in the vicinity where the accused had reportedly come to visit a friend.As the whereabouts of the driver were confirmed, a wireless message was flashed regarding the Mercedes bearing registration number DL 3C CE 9000. The cops traced friend and got Gurdeep's address from him. Despite the alert, cops said Gurdeep was able to drive to Saket and park his car at the MGF mall.Gurdeep was traced at his house in Greater Kailash area. Gurdeep told cops that he fled the spot because of panic. The car was picked up from the mall and impounded. The accused was granted bail in the evening and allowed to go home.\"We have arrested the accused driver and registered a case of rash and negligent driving (237 IPC), causing death due to negligence (304A) and causing grievous hurt (337) against him,\" said Additional CP (west) V Renganathan. \"The matter is being further investigated.\"Commenting on the incident, Jaswinder Singh Honey, a family friend, said, \"It was just an accident. We feel really sorry for the family and are ready to do whatever we can to compensate for the loss. Gurdeep got extremely nervous after the accident and feared a public outrage. That's why he left the spot. He has no criminal record and has been a responsible person.\"Later in the evening, senior police officers attended Chauhan's cremation at Nigambodh Ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616779", "title": "18-year-old girl killed in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: An 18-year-old girl was allegedly raped and killed as her body was found in a mango orchard nearly 500 metres from her house in Gudamba police station area on Tuesday. The girl was identified as Kshama, daughter of Jabar Singh Yadav, a resident of Seenva village.According to the police, the girl had gone missing since she had left her home on Monday evening to attend the nature's call. When Kshama did not return home even after a few hours, the family members launched a frantic search for her.It was on Tuesday afternoon that her body was found in the mango orchard owned by Kamal Kishore Singh. Though the police are not ready to confirm or deny whether the girl was raped and then killed, the fact that the her body bore bruises on face and hands hints towards an attempt to outrage her modesty.The girl was probably strangulated as the over 2-inch belt marks are clearly visible around her neck, the police sources said and added that the girl might have been dragged to the field as marks of rope have also been found on the hands and legs.Later talking to TOI, circle officer, Ghazipur Vishal Pandey said that it was too early to confirm whether the girl had been raped and killed. He however, confirmed that the body bore injury marks on face and hands and clothes wore by her also were not intact.According to the police, Kshama's father is a farmer and the girl used to stay home.Efforts were on to nab the culprits behind the crime. The circle officer said that several places where suspected perpetrators of the crime could be found were being raided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12609526", "title": "Aamir Khan: Ghar ki baat hai", "text": "Trust Aamir Khan to do everything just perfectly. And as expected of him, when the Bollywood superstar is making his debut on television, he wants to leave no stone unturned in making his reality show as real as possible.And what better way to allow the viewers sneak a peek into his abode and his daily routine. We have been informed that the promos of his much awaited TV show, Satyameva Jayate, have been shot at his home. Apparently, the cat in one of the promos is his and the food that he is shown devouring (He is seen eating chapatis made of ragi flour) in another promo is a part of the special diet Khan is following for his upcoming flick Talaash.A source associated with the show informs, \"Aamir is extremely particular about the way the show is being shot. He had shot the promos (currently on air) at his own house. Incidentally, the show will highlight one social issue every episode and it's going to be high on emotions. Aamir has cried for real many a times while shooting for the show. The show, apparently, will last for 13 episodes and will air every Sunday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12616148", "title": "A day later, trio booked for assault on cop", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after three men thrashed a police constable who stopped a youth driving without licence, Satellite police officials decided to lodge a complaint in the matter. On Monday, the trio was allowed to go by police after they wrote a letter of apology.A police mobile van was on patrol near Rachana Society in Satellite on Monday when two teenagers on a bike sped past at breakneck speed. When the cops stopped the bikers, they got to know that the youth did not have licence with him and one of the digits from the front number plate was missing. When the youth was asked to go to Satellite police station, he refused to do so and instead call upon his father and brother to the spot.The trio - Suresh Patel, his son Tanmay and friend Anjan Contractor - assaulted Jorsinh Yadav, the police constable. They also tore his name tag and uniform and dared him to book the teen as they flaunted press card and dropped name of a senior IPS officer.According to sources, the city police commissioner did not take the media reports lightly and asked the police inspector J M Bharwad to book the miscreants in the case so as not to show police in bad light.\"We have booked Suresh Patel, deputy superintendent of ESI Hospital in Bapunagar and a resident of Satellite along with his friend Anjan Contractor, a resident of Bhaikakanagar, Thaltej.We got to know that Tanmay, the youth who flaunted fake press reporter identity, is in Surat. He will be arrested upon his return,\" said Bharwad.BOX'Satellite main ye kaise ho sakta hai'According to sources in city police, the matter was talk of the day on Monday as the news spread about the trio that got scot-free after beating up a policeman. \"Thanks to a number of cases taken up by the police inspector, Satellite is considered to be a dreaded place for criminals. However, his image was shattered with this incident. Senior officials said that how come somebody do it in all-powerful J M Bharwad's domain? Thus, the decision was taken to book the miscreants,\" said a city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12615807", "title": "Maharashtra government to probe Mukesh Ambani home extension", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government on Tuesday ordered a probe by an officer of the rank of a secretary into an alleged unauthorized construction carried out on a footpath as part of the extension of Mukesh Ambani's 27-storey home, Antilia.The probe will also look into allegations of 'generosity' shown by the civic body while legalizing work adjoining the billion-dollar structure ''at the cost of public convenience''. But senior civic officials said the controversy was being blown out of proportion and was in fact resolved at a meeting between BMC commissioner Subodh Kumar and Ambani late last year.The probe was ordered by state urban development minister Bhaskar Jadhav after allegations in the legislative assembly that the state government was trying to shield Ambani and shrugging off its responsibility. Without committing on a time-frame, Jadhav said: \"If investigations prove that illegal work did take place on the setback plot, we will take action and remove the contentious portions.\"The Ambani group had in May 2010 handed over 309.31 sq m of road setback to the corporation in lieu of additional floor space index (FSI), which it consumed in due course. The setback was sought to widen the 18.30m-wide Altamount Road. But in the absence of a setback at an adjoining Bank of India building and the presence of large trees on the land, the corporation did not proceed with the widening. In the meantime, Antilia carried out 'illegal' beautification on the setback, including laying out a lawn, constructing a bund wall, a staircase and a security cabin. On receiving a complaint, the civic body served a notice under section 314 of the BMC Act on December 14, 2010.At a meeting between Ambani and Kumar, it was decided that since the BMC could not put the area to good use, it be handed over to Antilia Commercial Pvt Ltd for beautification on the condition that the civic body could cancel the allotment ''on its discretion''. But doubts were raised at corporation meetings over the allotment which was made despite there being no policy for handing over setback land back to the owner. \"Doubts were raised even by senior civic officials, including statutory committee members. The state government must clarify how the setback was allotted to Ambani and unauthorized work legalized conveniently,\" said Eknath Khadse, leader of the opposition in the assembly.On being served a notice, the Antilia management clarified that it had constructed a security wall to prevent public car parking in front of two gates of the building, and the grass was planted as a minor beautification measure. It was decided at the Ambani-Kumar meeting that the civic body would levy Rs 2.82 lakh as 'pay and park charges' and another 1.7 lakh as rent every year. \"What is the harm if we get Rs 5 lakh every year for land which is of no use to us in the near future? Once we get the remaining setback on this road, the land will be taken back and put to use,\" said a senior civic official.The Ambani residence was earlier in the news over allegations that it was constructed on Waqf board land reserved for the poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12618218", "title": "Sub-inspector, constable caught while taking bribe", "text": "GURGAON: A sub-inspector and a constable were on Tuesday caught by Haryana Vigilance Bureau while they were accepting Rs 50,000 from a truck driver in DLF city area. Sub inspector Bijender Singh along with a constable were arrested by the vigilance while taking the money, Senior Superintendent of Police (vigilance) Yogender Nehra said. The truck driver, who was carrying stones from Rajasthan for Delhi was stopped by Singh in DLF area and was asked to pay Rs 50,000, Nehra said. The driver left the vehicle to bring the money from his owner, and meanwhile contacted the Bureau, who laid a trap. Both were arrested while taking the amount this evening and a case was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12621163", "title": "Aindrita Ray at a fashionable do", "text": "Summer's here and it's time for the city's stiletto set to turn up the heat. And that's why Nayana Jhawar and Prathiksha Hegde of Ognora Design House decided to unveil a new line from Monapali and Prathiksha's holiday collection to Bangalore's fashionistas.The do grabbed the guests' attention with a colourful display of clothes, but their appetite for fashion was quickly replaced with some wine and cheese. Nayana and Prathiksha spoke to the guests and doled out fashion tips on summer clothing. Also seen was brand ambassador and Sandalwood star Aindrita Ray, who looked ravishing in her pretty black ensemble, as well as actor Risheeka. We also saw model Suzanne, who turned up in a lacy little black dress. BT also spotted Pallavi, Megha Chinmai and Sounak having a good time at this bash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12617488", "title": "Land acquisition for Metro process gains momentum", "text": "KOCHI: The revenue department has given the approval for acquiring land for the Kochi Metro stations. The approval follows a request by the district administration. It already has administrative sanction. Officials in the land acquisition section said they had completed the inspection of the land that is to be acquired.For the project, about 27 hectares of land need to be acquired in Ernakulam, Elamkulam, Poonithura, Thrikkakara North, Edappally South and Aluva West villages. About 63 houses and 98 shops would be affected when land is acquired.Officials in the land acquisition section said once the department gets approval from the land revenue commissioner, the primary notification for land acquisition would be issued. \"Land acquisition has been planned in such a manner as to not affect buildings, especially big ones. We are also planning to acquire land allocated for various other purposes that are lying unused,\" the official said.According to the plan, the pillars for the metro rail project would be constructed away from the road.Revenue department officials said a decision on the land to be acquired in Nedumbaserry for the extension of the project would be decided at a meeting to be convened next week.Earlier, the district-level purchase committee had proposed Rs 31.3 lakh for a cent of land to be acquired on Banerjee Road and the Jos Junction-South Railway Station stretch.Meanwhile, the preparatory work for the Metro is going on in full swing. The side-bays of the Ernakulam North overbridge have already been pulled down and rebuilding has begun with Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) installing eight girders, each 12-m long, on either side of the structure. The rest of the 32 RCC girders are being cast.Other preparatory works include the construction of a new rail overbridge connecting Mullassery Canal Road and Salim Rajan Road, and the widening of the Town Hall-Madhava Pharmacy Junction stretch. The DMRC will execute all these works. The state government has set apart Rs 158 crore for preliminary the works and KMRL has handed over Rs 15 crore to DMRC for undertaking the works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12617327", "title": "Union minister of state for defence MM Pallam Raju inspects Indo-Myanmarese border", "text": "IMPHAL: Union minister of state for defence MM Pallam Raju on Tuesday reviewed the progress of Indo-Myanmar border fencing work and other road development activities undertaken by the Border Roads Organization (BRO) at Moreh in Chandel district.The insurgency-hit state shares over a 350 km-long porous border with Myanmar and a 10-km-long fence is being constructed at Moreh to curb smuggling of weapons and drugs.Incidentally Moreh, the focal point of the country's ambitious \"Look East Policy\", does a business of about Rs 5 crore daily as part of commercial transactions between India and Myanmar.Accompanied by director general of BRO Lt Gen Ravi Shankar and other senior officials of the organization, Pallam landed at Moreh in a helicopter in the afternoon. He is on a two-day visit to the state.Pallam, along with the officials, also visited Gate No. 1 of the international border, which is also known as Indo-Myanmar Border Bridge, as well as Gate No. 4, a source said. He added that the minister expressed satisfaction over the work done by the BRO.On Wednesday, the minister will also inspect the deplorable NH-37, connecting Imphal and Jiribam-sub division bordering Assam. After NH-2 (Imphal- Dimapur route), NH-37 is considered as the second key supply route of the land-locked state.After reaching Imphal from Moreh on Tuesday evening, Pallam met governor Gurbachan Jagat and chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh . On Wednesday, he will fly to Jiribam in a helicopter to get a first-hand account on the ongoing development work on NH-37 being undertaken by the BRO.The minister will also attend a reception programme at Zeliangrong-dominated Tamenglong, where a new road constructed by the army would also be inaugurated by him. Before arriving in Manipur, the minister visited Kohima and Tezu ( Arunachal Pradesh ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12615557", "title": "Religion may be taken out of marriage registration", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet is likely to consider a proposal that seeks to do away with the requirement to disclose one's religious affiliation for registration of marriages as well as the demand of Sikh bodies that their marriages be registered under a separate law.The move has been prompted by the consideration to help those opting for inter-faith marriages, along with the need to make registration of marriages a simpler affair.It is recognized that those who marry outside their religion face harassment, including from the conservative sections of the bureaucracy.Administrative convenience is the other consideration, with the law ministry suggesting that registration of marriages will become easier if a clause on marriage registration is added to the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1969.In its note to the Cabinet, the ministry has argued that since infrastructure to register births and deaths is already in place in civic authorities, it can easily handle registration of marriages once the law has been suitably amended.As for the demand of Sikh bodies, they have argued that their marriages should be, as is the case with other minority communities - Muslims, Christians, Jews, Parsis - registered under a separate law. Marriages of Sikhs along with those of Buddhists and Jains are currently registered under the Hindu Marriage Act: an arrangement which is being opposed by many Sikhs as part of their pursuit for a distinct identity. These groups argue that their demand can be accepted by amending the Anand Marriage Act, 1909.The Cabinet will be required to factor in view that meeting the demand will spark similar pitches from Jains and Buddhists: two other communities that have so far been comfortable with the practice, where their marriages are registered under the Hindu Marriage Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12617257", "title": "AIADMK plea in HC to revive wealth case on former DMK ministers", "text": "MADURAI: The ruling AIADMK government has filed a fresh revision petition in the Madras high court and its bench at Madurai, seeking to revive the cases against former DMK ministers including Ko Si Mani, Veerpandi Arumugam, Duraimurugan, K N Nehru, I Periyasamy, Ponmudi, S Regupathi, M R K Panneerselvam and former Madurai mayor Kulandaivelu.During 2001-2002, the directorate of vigilance of anti-corruption (DVAC) conducted raids and registered cases against the DMK leaders for allegedly possessing wealth disproportionate to their known sources of income, in their names, names of their family members and others. Subsequently, they were discharged by the chief judicial magistrate after hearing their discharge petitions in 2006 without conducting any trial.In 1996, after the DMK came to power, the DVAC registered cases against several others including S Regupathi, who was a minister in AIADMK regime during 1991-96. However, he joined DMK and the case against him was pending. He was discharged from the case only in 2006.During the DMK regime, the case was not revived. Hence, the legal wing of the AIADMK had pursued the case filing revision petition in the high court. However, their petition was dismissed by the high court on the ground that it cannot be filed by the individuals. Hence, they filed special leave petitions in the Supreme Court challenging the high court orders.Now, filing a fresh condone delay petition and revision petition before the Madras high court and the Madurai bench, the DVAC said that the respective trial courts had allowed their petitions for discharge without a trial. The agency also prayed for a direction that the trial should be allowed to proceed further in accordance with law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12618255", "title": "Govt to push for Chennai Mega Region", "text": "CHENNAI: With the city is expanding at a fast pace, expectations for better infrastructure are running high.The state government is mulling the CMDA's proposal to declare Chennai Mega Region for better regional planning on the lines of Delhi, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Kolkata and Hyderabad, since the Chennai Metropolitan Area (CMA) extending to 1,189 sq km was declared four decades ago.The second master plan has foreseen larger development outside the Chennai Metropolitan Area along the Rajiv Gandhi Salai (IT corridor), Grand Southern Trunk Road and Grand Western Trunk Road in areas around Sriperumbudur, Kelambakkam, Tiruvallur and Maraimalai Nagar. Sources said the CMA area will be extended up to 8,000 sq km. The CMDA has already submitted a preliminary report to the government in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12618362", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation proposes city cleanliness campaign", "text": "PUNE: In an effort to evoke public participation in garbage management and to keep the city clean, the Pune Municipal Corporation has proposed a 'city cleanliness campaign' in the nameof state's first chief minister late Yashwantrao Chavan.The campaign with an allocation of Rs 5 crore was put up by standing committee chairman and NCP corporator BaburaoChandere as partof hisRs 3,633.02crore annual draft civic budget for the year 2012-13. Chandere on Tuesday tabled the draft budget before the general body meeting.\"The campaign will be on lines of the state government's Sant Gadge Baba mission where people's participation is imperative for maintaining cleanliness. The city has 152 wards and four cleanest wards of them will be selected by a committee appointed by the PMC. The first prize will be of Rs 2 crore, second Rs 1.5 crore, third Rs 1 crore and fourth Rs 75 lakh. The award money must be used for the development works in the wards,\" said Chandere.He added that garbage management and overall cleanliness will be consideredfor the ranking of wards. Chandere said that allocation of Rs 5croreis proposedfor house-to-house garbage collection and Rs 6 crore for ghanta gadis for garbage collection.The draft budget has also proposed Rs 1 crore funds for purchase of composting machine and initial provision of Rs 10 lakh for e-waste disposal centres.The city generates around 1,400 to1,450tonnesof solid garbageevery day. The plant at Urali-Phursungi processes 1,000 tonne garbage while two vermicompost plants and the biogas plants take care of around 300 to 400 tonne garbage. But a sizable portion of the daily generation of garbage remains unprocessed, resulting in outright burning of waste at some places while in other places it gets lifted only on alternate days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12621628", "title": "Indian embassy bomb threat caller believed to be South Asian", "text": "WASHINGTON: The bomb threat to the Indian embassy here was made by a caller from the western US city of Utah by a man speaking in \"Hinglish\", indicating that he was apparently of South Asian origin, sources said today.The bomb threat prompted the evacaution of the the Embassy premises, chancery and ambassador Nirupama Rao's residence.Giving more details about the threat, police and US Secret Service said a suspicious object was found inside the premises of the chancery.The suspicious object, found yesterday morning, was later declared to be harmless, sources told PTI on condition of anonymity.Preliminary investigations revealed that the call to the Indian Embassy was apparently made from Utah. It is believed that the caller had used VOIP (voice over internet protocol) to make the call to the embassy around 10:30 in the morning.According to sources, the caller in his/her brief message to the Indian embassy was speaking in \"Hinglish\" indicating that the caller is apparently of a South Asian descent.The US Secret Service, which is investigating the incident, said the investigation is still on and they are looking into every possibility.The secret service along with the Metropolitan Police Department of District of Columbia were very prompt in reaching the Indian Embassy as soon as they were informed about the call.Areas around the Indian embassy and the chancery was immediately cordoned off and thorough search was conducted by the Secret Service, Metropolitan Police along with a bomb disposal squad and the fire department.Portions of the busy Massachusetts Avenue - on which houses the Indian Embassy and the Chancery - were closed for about 90 minutes, a Secret Service spokesman said, adding that they did not find any harmful object during the search operation.As a precautionary measure, the residence of the Indian Ambassador to the US, Nirupama Rao, was searched. Rao was not at her residence at that time. She was on her way to Indiana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12617225", "title": "Shiroda: RIET student killed in accident", "text": "Ponda: Sanyog Subhash Toraskar, a 20-year-old student of Electronics and Tele Communication Engineering was knocked down at Shiroda in Ponda on Tuesday afternoon. He didn't survive.Toraskar, a resident of Aldona in Bardez was a student of third year Bachelor of Engineering degree at Shree Rayeshwar Institute of Engineering and Information Technology, Shivshail-Shiroda, in Ponda.Police sources said that Toraskar was knocked down by a Maruti Omni near the Shiroda-SRIEIT Road junction at Karai-Shiroda on Tuesday afternoon when the student was on his way to college after having lunch at Shiroda. The student was on his bike. When he was reached near the junction, a speeding Omni knocked him down. He had sustained severe head injuries and died on the spot. The police have retrieved his body and preserved it in the mortuary of Goa Medical College (GMC) and Hospital, Bambolim for an autopsy to be conducted on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12618837", "title": "Drunk driver gets bail, denies abusing police", "text": "MUMBAI: Paramdeep Sandhu , who knocked down a cyclist when driving drunk and later acted tough with the police , got bail on Tuesday.Earlier, when he was produced in court on Monday, he alleged that police had beaten him up, which the cops denied.Sandhu (41), the son of a retired inspector general of Punjab police, rammed his SUV into vendor Ramprakash Singh's cycle at Versova around 1.30am on Monday and sped away immediately. A passing motorist helped the injured cyclist into his car and caught Sandhu when the latter was forced to slow down at a nakabandi. He was allegedly dragged out of the car by a mob and thrashed when he abused those who confronted him about the accident.Following Sandhu's allegations of being beaten up by the cops, the court had ordered police to conduct a medical examination . His advocate, Mihir Gheewala said, \"There was no mob present at the spot where Sandhu was caught and it was the police who beat him up. His medical examination confirmed he had assault injuries .\" He added the police deliberately applied Section 353 in the case. \"Sandhu didn't stop police personnel from performing their duty nor did he abuse them,\" Gheewala said.Sandhu was under the influence of alcohol at the time of the accident and tried to flaunt his father's background before the police. He was booked under sections 279 (rash and negligent driving), 337 (causing hurt) and 353 (assault to deter public servant from discharging their duty) along with drunk driving charges. Police claimed that besides misbehaving with them, Sandhu also abused the doctor at Cooper Hospital and refused to give his blood sample to test for alcohol levels.Senior inspector of Versova police station, Nandkumar Mhetar said, \"The car involved in the accident belongs to one Shyam Puri and had a Punjab registration number. We will enquire about the vehicle and other details including Sandhu's finances.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12617116", "title": "Golma Devi defends Kirori in Soorwal case", "text": "JAIPUR: Independent legislator and former minister Golma Devi on Tuesday defended her husband and Dausa MP Kirori Lal Meena, who has been suspected of involvement in the Soorwal case wherein a police officer was burnt alive by a mob last year.Golma Devi attempted to raise the issue in the assembly but first the speaker and later the deputy speaker declined permission to her. The legislator addressed the media on the assembly premises.\"My husband is not guilty. He is being made a scapegoat,\" Golma Devi said. She hit out at the leader of Opposition Vasundhara Raje and BJP legislator Rajendra Rathore, too. \"Vasundhara and Rathore are guilty; they should be made to undergo a lie detection test,\" the independent legislator said, referring to the Dara Singh fake encounter case.Rathore is already under arrest for allegedly masterminding the encounter that was staged when Raje was the chief minister in 2006.Meena, on the other hand, is suspected to have instigated the mob against the police at Soorwal in Sawai Madhopur district. The investigation in both the cases is being conducted by the CBI that has been accused of acting under instructions from the ruling party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12618154", "title": "Imported medicated mosquito nets await distribution", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Three months have passed since the consignment of imported medicated mosquito nets consignment arrived in the district but its distribution is still awaited among the beneficiaries in malaria-prone villages in the district.The Vietnam-manufactured medicated nets were imported for its distribution among the families residing in 127 villages spread across Dumaria, Musabani, Dhalbhumgarh, Ghatshila, Patamda and Potka blocks in January itself. But even after three months, the distribution exercise is yet to start, whereas cases of malaria have started coming in from the above mentioned blocks.\"We have to follow a set of procedures before carrying out the distribution. The procedure is now almost over,\" said district anti-malaria officer Dr L B P Singh.Survey of the area, that includes awareness campaign, wall writing and distribution of pamphlets and identifying deserving families, sum up the long procedure, which Dr Singh mentioned.\"We also had to ensure that the beneficiaries don't sell (medicated net) it out to others and see that it is not misused (suggesting possibility of medicated net use for catching fish in ponds),\" said Dr Singh.Such villages, where the health department has confronted difficulties in carrying logistics in particular, to spray disinfectants and larvicides have been identified for distribution of the medicated nets. In the first phase, 127 villages will be covered in the district.Following spurt in the vector-borne disease cases in the district last year, the health department had placed orders for 41,000 medicated nets. \"Vietnam-manufactured mosquito nets are durable and lasts for over two years, whereas the product manufactured by Indian firms has a life of about five months,\" said an official in the anti-malaria department alluding the merits of the imported net.\"Normal durability of imported medicated net is about three years, but it can be reused after medication,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12618113", "title": "H1N1 claims another life in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: H1N1 (Influenza A) claimed another life in Bangalore on Tuesday, taking this year's toll from the disease to six in the city.A 28-year-old woman who was undergoing treatment for H1N1 in a private hospital, died on Tuesday morning. Health and family welfare department officials said the woman was from Tumkur and had tested positive for the disease. Chandrashekar Malgadi, joint director, communicable diseases, heath and family welfare department, said of the six persons who died of H1N1, two each were from Bangalore and Tumkur and one each from Chikkaballapur and Tumkur.\"We have tested 605 people for suspected H1N1 infection and 105 cases have tested positive. Eighty-five of the positive cases were from Bangalore , while Mysore with six reported the next highest positive cases,\" he said.Doctors confirm that more people are coming to hospitals to undergo test for H1N1. \"People are coming for screening and treatment. The numbers are not as high in 2009 or 2010. We are asking people to take precautions,\" said Dr Sudarshan Ballal, medical superintendent , Manipal Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12615775", "title": "Numberplates: Government gets high court rap", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government's ambitious project of high security registration plates (HSRP) for vehicles has once again landed in legal trouble.The Delhi high court on Tuesday pulled up the state government for lack of transparency in shortlisting the manufacturer for the HSRP scheme and criticized the \"tendency of the transport department\" to disqualify bidders without providing written reasons. A division bench of Justice S K Kaul and Justice Rajiv Shakdher issued a notice to the government's transport department and pointed out that lack of written reasons leave a lot of scope for misinterpretations.The bench was hearing a petition filed by Real Mazon India, the firm disqualified by the government. The petition challenged the government's decision to shortlist a Delhi-based firm for the HSRP project. The court also issued a notice to Rosemarta Technologies which has been approved by the authorities for the scheme.The petitioner company called the government's decision illegal and claimed it had better credentials and qualifications to bag the contract. The company also argued that despite its financial bid being in order, the transport department disqualified the firm on specious grounds. It assured the bench that in case it succeeds in bagging the contract it will match the lowest offer made by any firm so that the end customer doesn't have to pay more for the number plates. HC then made it clear to the government it may go ahead with Rosemarta Technologies to implement the scheme but everything will be subject to the eventual outcome of this petition.After the Supreme Court cracked the whip on the Delhi government, it had finally shortlisted a company for the HSRP scheme during the financial evaluation of the bid. According to the transport department, the number plates will cost Rs 213.24 for four-wheelers and Rs 68.91 for two-wheelers. The HSRP consists of a number of parts: a chromium-based hologram with chakra image, a self-destructive sticker with the engine, chassis number and a hologram, unique serial number etched with laser on each HSRP, India scripted with hot stamping foil and a non-removable and non-reusable snap lock.The apex court gave the directions on a PIL petition filed by chairman of the All-India Anti-Terrorist Front M.S. Bitta, seeking its direction to introduce tamper-proof number plates and licences for vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12618214", "title": "Four bus routes lined up", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana Roadways has finalized four routes for the city bus service. There will be 12 buses on each route which will run in double shifts, at a frequency of 20 minutes.Meanwhile, of the 175 new conductors who are supposed to join Gurgaon depot, over 30 had joined by Monday afternoon.Officials are hopeful to start the service by April-end. Roadways have made many significant improvements in the new service. At present, there are only 12 buses under the city bus service for the entire Gurgaon region which only ply for eight hours and are available at an interval of 45 minutes. Moreover, all the buses were running on only route: from IFFCO Chowk to Bus Stand via MG Road, covering major parts of the city.In the new service, there will be 48 buses and they will run for 16 hours, from 6 am to 10pm in eight hours shifts each, reducing the frequency to 20 minutes.Now, 12 buses will run on each of the four routes including the existing one and another between IMT Manesar to Karol Bagh via Delhi-Gurgaon expressway and Dhaula Kuan.Haryana Roadways general manager (Gurgaon), Yashendra Singh, said that besides these 48 buses, 19 others which are already running on certain selected city routes would be retained. \"Effectively, there will be 67 buses for the city bus service,\" Singh added.Singh informed that new conductors had started joining the office. Thirty reported to Gurgaon depot by 2 pm on Monday. Altogether, 175 will join office. Singh added that all of them would be given a week's training before induction.On the question of providing bus shelters for the new service, the GM said they were to be built by HUDA and the MCG in their respective areas. The department's next agenda will be to create this facility. \"But we can't stop buses from plying because of unavailability of bus shelters. Till the time the facility is created, passengers can flag down the bus anywhere on the road to board/de-board,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616088", "title": "Supreme Court examines delay in mercy plea decisions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Set out to examine in detail the alleged procedural delay in deciding mercy pleas of condemned prisoners, the Supreme Court on Tuesday was in an introspective mood reflecting on pendency of cases for years almost rendering delayed relief meaningless.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya asked the government to show it the files relating to six mercy petitions decided by the President last year. Two of these six mercy pleas - one by M N Das and the other by Devender Pal Singh Bhullar - were rejected. Both of them have questioned the President's decision on the ground of delay.In the process of examining the effect of long delay on a condemned prisoner, the bench said the delay in deciding the appeals on judicial side after award of death penalty by the trial court and the executive in putting up the pleas before the President.Discussing general delay in disposal of cases, the bench said: \"In road accidents people who lose their limbs fight on for 15 years and then the Lok Adalats decide on an additional compensation amount of Rs 1 lakh.\"\"In service matters, after a person reaches the age of superannuation, we say sorry your removal was bad. What kind of system we have? What have we not been able to address this for years?\" the bench asked.Senior advocate T R Andhyarujina, assisting as amicus curiae, said since statute provides for death sentence, it could be awarded, but there was a huge gulf between award of capital punishment and its execution. The last death sentence was carried out in 2004, and prior to that in 1998.The bench acknowledged that delay was not just on the executive's part but also on judicial side. It said, \"Nowadays, trial is decided within a year, appeal court takes double the time and High Court takes several years...We are always running away from this question for years. That is why people are taking law into their own hands.\" It also sought a list of such cases involving considerable delay on judicial side.The Court was also felt that media highlighted certain cases while others waited unnoticed in a solitary cell for a decision on their mercy pleas. The arguments would continue on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12617695", "title": "Bangalore apartment prices soar at Rs 33k/sq ft", "text": "BANGALORE: The IT City's residential real estate price has touched a new peak: Rs 33,000 per sqft. A recent apartment sale at Kingfisher Towers, an ultra highend residential project coming up on Vittal Mallya Road, recorded this rate. It's said to be the highest residential capital value in the city's history.Kingfisher Towers, 34 storeys high, is a joint venture between the UB Group and the Prestige Group.Sources privy to the development informed TOI the apartment was one of the few remaining in Kingfisher Towers, and is on one of the highest floors, with a view of Cubbon Park. The 8,200 sqft apartment will cost about Rs 27 crore.Super luxury homes emerging in Bangalore's city centre are attracting the wealthy. Ashok Kheny, MD of Nandi Infrastructure Corridor Enterprises, booked an 8,000-sqft apartment in Kingfisher Towers last year. Kheny would not talk about the price, but sources say he will pay Rs 24 crore.Real estate watchers say Bangalore's real estate has come of age with an apartment rate of Rs 33,000 per sqft.\"While Rs 33,000 per sqft shows the coming of age of Bangalore's luxury residential market, it's still way behind the average price of Rs 70,000 per sqft that's quoted at many luxury residential developments in Mumbai,\" says Gulam Zia, national director, research &amp; advisory services, of global property consultants Knight Frank.Mantri's Altius was one of Bangalore's first super luxury projects . Launched in 2004, a 6,000-sqft apartment was then sold at Rs 5 crore. The price shot up to Rs 9 crore when the project was completed in 2006. Total Environment has launched a new project , Van Gogh's Garden, that offers 17 customized apartments, each having a terrace garden and a water body. The 4,000-9 ,000 sqft apartments cost between Rs 10 crore and Rs 23 crore.At Rs 33,000 per sqft , Bangalore's rate is still way below the rates Mumbai has recorded. In November 2010, a national record was created when Flat 203 of Samudra Mahal, Worli, was sold for Rs 1,07,000 per sqft . In 2007, a fourbedroom unit at NCPA Apartments , Nariman Point, fetched a rate of Rs 97,842 per sqft.Farook Mahmood, CMD of brokerage firm Silverline Realty, says Kingfisher Towers is \"a one-of-a-kind project whose amenities, specs , infrastructure and location - overlooking Cubbon Park - cannot be recreated or compared with any other residential project in India. Just for its sheer location and view, the only comparison can be made with apartments overlooking Central Park in New York .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12618365", "title": "Two jailbirds yet to be traced even after 3 weeks", "text": "INDORE: Even after three weeks, two prisoners, who escaped from the Jhabua jail, are yet to be traced.SP, Jhabua, Krashanaveni Desawatu said that two of the four prisoner escaped from jail have been arrested while two would be arrested soon. She further said that police were very close to the duo and would be nabbed soon.The officiating jail superintendent of Indore region, Dinesh Nargawe, said that Sadhu Chhagan and Amaru Vijaya were arrested in five days after the escape on March 22 while Velu Tolia and Jairam Miya are still absconding.They all were imprisoned in separate robbery cases, said the jail superintendent. He said that local jail authority has been instructed to take all precautions to avoid any such incidents in future.In fact, five prisoners had hatched the plot to escape. However, one was caught during the bid while four managed to flee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12617033", "title": "No power supply for IPL matches: Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd", "text": "MADURAI: In a communication to a PIL activist, the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (TANGEDCO) made it clear that it is not supplying any power for the Indian Premier League (IPL) cricket matches at the MA Chidambaram stadium in Chennai.On March 19, the Madurai bench has directed TANGEDCO to consider a representation made by a petitioner not to supply power to the IPL matches in the state which is reeling under acute power shortage.As per the direction of high court, disposing his representation, the chairman and managing director, TANGEDCO said, \"The MA Chidambaram stadium at Chepauk is provided with 11 numbers LT service connections for the use of club offices, recreation club, canteen, Madras Cricket Club, swimming pool, manager's office, players' dressing room and water pumping motor by the TANGEDCO. These services are subject to restriction and control measures on use of electricity as in the case of other consumers of the state.\"He further stated, \"The organisers/ conductors of IPL at the stadium have not requested for any uninterrupted supply during the IPL match period and no new application for supply of power for the purpose of lighting or otherwise for the IPL matches had been received by TANGEDCO till date.\"Hence, TANGEDCO said the question of supplying of electrical energy or power by the state government or its instrumentalities for the IPL matches to be played in the state does not arise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12617540", "title": "Yesteryear actor Baby Joseph is dead", "text": "KOCHI: Baby Joseph, one of the early heroines of Malayalam cinema, died at a private hospital here on Tuesday evening. She was 88. She was admitted to the hospital following physical discomfort on Tuesday morning. She suffered a heart attack and was put on ventilator support. She died around 4.30 pm.The movie Nirmala was Baby Joseph's first and last movie, where she acted alongside her husband Joseph Cherian. The movie, which was produced by her father-in-law P J Cherian, also had the distinction of being the first film produced in Malayalam by a Malayali. The movie is about a poor fisherwoman who falls in love with a police officer and later marries him.President of All Kerala Photographers Association T J Varghese, who is a close friend of the family, said that Malayalam movie owes much to 'Nirmala'. \"P J Cherian's decision to cast his son and daughter-in-law in movie, which was released with the tag 'a film for families', revived Malayalam film industry that was on the verge of oblivion. It was a time of financial loss and there were not many female actors. The family took a bold step and the first hero-heroine movie of Malayalam was born. The movie, which came after a gap of eight years after the film Prahalada, was a success and encouraged many people to take up film making. If we stand tall among other film industries, it is due to this movie,\" he said.According to family members, other than few age-related ailments, she was healthy and even attended Pappukutty Bhagavathar's 100th birthday celebration in the city last week. Baby Joseph is survived by her six children, Laisa Joy, Annie George, Meera Sebastian, P J Cherian, Rita Urmis and Razia Tony. Her husband Joseph Cherian died 12 years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12618427", "title": "BCA polls: Members pick up 107 forms", "text": "VADODARA: It had been a while since the word about a rift among the top management in Baroda Cricket Association (BCA) was doing rounds. All eyes were set on BCA polls that will be held on April 20 after a gap of two-and-half-years. On Tuesday, when BCA started distributing candidate forms for the elections, the opposition camp was in for a surprise. Over 80 candidate forms had already been distributed by Tuesday evening.Two persons bought 40 forms each even before the opposition group members reached the BCA office to get the forms. A total of 107 forms were sold on the first day. The opposition camp picked up 27 forms.The sale of 80 forms has caused flutter among the opposition group as it believes that these forms were picked up by representatives of top management. \"The fact that so many forms were picked up on the first day shows that someone from the management is planning to field candidates separately. We are keeping eye on the developments. Also, there are chances that the forms may be filled only to be withdrawn later,\" said a member of the opposition camp.A senior BCA official said in the past elections, forms were not picked up in such numbers on the first day itself. Sources in BCA indicated that vice-president Samarjitsinh Gaekwad may contest for president's post currently held by industrialist Chirayu Amin. When contacted, Gaekwad said, \"I am not sure about it but I will take final decision in a couple of days.\" He, though, said that he wasn't aware of the number of forms sold on the first day.BCA member Sheetal Mehta, who is in the opposition camp, said, \"We have decided to contest the polls and will be fielding candidates soon. Our motto is to bring in transparency in the administration and improve cricket in BCA. We have collected 25 forms.\" Earlier, there was uncertainty about opposition group contesting the polls with one of the senior ex-cricketers Narayan Satham deciding to pull out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12615590", "title": "Painful taxes force 100 Mumbai bars to shut", "text": "MUMBAI: Approximately hundred bars in the city, including permit rooms and beer shops, have permanently put up their shutters. Bar owners say they have been forced to do so mainly due to poor sales and rising costs, which led to \"very low\" profit margins.According to Ahar (Indian Hotel and Restaurants' Association) president Sudhakar Shetty, 56 permit rooms in suburban Mumbai and around 45 in the island city have shut shop.\"Another 50 may follow suit. they are currently around only because they have already paid their taxes and licensing fees. Due to heavy taxation, inflation and the subsequent rise in prices of liquor, the number of tipplers is shrinking,\" said Sudhakar.According to excise department officials, around 56 permit rooms in the suburbs and almost 10 in the city have not renewed their licences in the previous financial year. \"Over the past three years, 30 to 40 bar owners have not paid their renewal fees, and thus have given up their businesses,\" said an excise official.Sudhakar said the taxes have already lifted prices of liquor by 60% to 70%. Food inflation has also eaten into their business. \"Increasing service tax, licence fees, value-added tax, excise duty, LPG cylinder prices, electricity tariff and water bills are the main factors taking a toll on business. Over 30% of the tipplers have already shifted to the unhealthy country liquor. There is not even a 5% profit margin in the business now,\" he said.\"It does not make any sense to go on with the business. Police raids have also contributed to scaring away tipplers. Instead, customers prefer buying liquor from shops and drinking in their homes or at public places. Many more shops may close down if the situation fails to improve soon,\" warned Sudhakar.\"I feel frustrated sometimes and don't understand why should I run the business when can't make enough money to run even my establishment. In the present situation, I am unable to capture the potential in the business at all,\" said Ahar's secretary and restaurant owner Shashikant Shetty.Shashikant said apart from taxes, food vendors running business next door on the streets without licence and taxes are taking away business of restaurants and bars by serving unhealthy food.Some of the bars that have not shut down have changed their menu, said Shetty. Hotel Sadhana in Bhandup West, for instance, has been converted into a vegetarian restaurant and has been renamed Gopalas. \"Swagat bar in Chembur has also been converted into a veg restaurant while Topaz bar in Chembur has been closed. Shri Durga Jaya Bar at Sewri Naka is closed, and so also Hotel Leisure Point in Borivli and Mumbai Mirch bar in Andheri,\" said Sudhakar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12622417", "title": "Sam is not singing", "text": "Actor Samantha's fans were quite elated when it was reported that the actor will be exercising her vocal chords for a forthcoming film.But the actor took to her micro blogging page on Wednesday afternoon to refute the rumors. \"Guys I am sorry I wish it was true and tat I hd a hidden talent dat I was gnna surprise u ll with..bt no I am nt singin in gautham sirs film (sic),\" posted the actor.Earlier, rumors did the rounds that Samantha would be making her debut in the recording studio, crooning for Gautham Menon's film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616108", "title": "High court: Finalize layout of Khan Market parking", "text": "NEW DELHI: Keen to ensure that there is no further delay in construction of a multilevel parking in Khan Market, the Delhi high court has asked the authorities to quickly finalize a layout plan.HC asked New Delhi Municipal Council and the urban development ministry officials to meet on April 21 and finalize the layout. In case it requires more meetings, HC said, the agencies must continue to meet till the time a workable layout is drawn up.The court's order came after the Land &amp; Development Office (L&DO;) through its counsel Jatan Singh informed the bench that the NDMC, CPWD and L&DO; had zeroed in on land that will be used for the parking and there was clarity on the same.He said now it was up to NDMC and the ministry to frame a layout plan, including deciding how deep the underground multilevel parking will go so that work on it can begin.This is the second time HC has pushed the agencies to work harder and decide on the parking, which has been hanging fire for a long time. Last year, the court, upset with the tardy progress on the issue, had asked the chief architects of NDMC, CPWD and L&DO; to meet every day from November 21 onwards till they decided on a site where the parking could be developed.HC had also asked the traffic DCP and the local station house officer to regulate traffic in the area so that once the free parking is phased out, action could be taken against those who didn't pay.After hearing all the parties concerned, HC was convinced that multilevel parking was the key to solve vehicular congestion in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12616724", "title": "Deepa has fashioned her dreams into reality", "text": "LUDHIANA: In an effort to make her identity and leave a mark on fashion world, Deepa Kapoor has started her own designer studio, \"Profiles\". Now, she plans to open a chain of her studio in Ludhiana and Jalandhar.The journey to create a niche in the world of fashion designing was never easy for this 37-year-old. ''It was a roller coaster ride for me as I belong to a business family which deals in offset printing. Initially, my husband Vikrant Kapoor was against the idea of me starting a new and separate venture, but later he supported me.''Resident of Flower Dale in Barewal Road, Deepa said, ''I always wanted to work and initially had applied for a job, but my husband refused since he thought our family would suffer. Later after much persuasion, I convinced him to help me start a designer studio in December 2004.''And then started the real struggle. ''In 2005, I got an export assignment for New York , but it turned out to be a disaster as all the consignment was returned. As a result, I suffered huge losses. By that time I had also delivered a baby and could not concentrate on work. I lost all hope of reviving my business, but my husband not only motivated me but also gave me the capital to revive the business.''A diploma holder from National Institute of Fashion and Technology, Deepa said, ''Money is never my consideration as designing clothes is my passion. I personally take care of each garment that comes to me and this is the reason I have achieved success.'' Talking about her USP, she adds, ''Designing trousseau wear is our USP, but we also deal in formal wear, party wear and Pakistani suits.''A delighted mother adds, ''My daughter Arshia, who is just 12-years-old, also takes keen interest in my business.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12617248", "title": "12 labourers rescued from Nigeria", "text": "MADURAI: Twelve workers from Tirunelveli and Tuticorin, who were working in Nigeria as bonded labourers were rescued and repatriated by Indian embassy officials after an initiative by the Tirunelveli district administration.The workers were taken to the African nation to work in a firm involved in erection of transmission towers but were duped and exploited as bonded labourers. A human rights organisation complained to the district collector who took up the issue with the external affairs ministry, which in turn rescued the workers through the embassy officials.\"The transmission tower work was a laborious one and we were forced to starve. Without proper food, many of us fell sick and instead of taking us to a hospital, the supervisor started ill-treating us,\" K P John Kennedy from Sivagiri said. \"When we approached the Indian embassy, the officials present there assured help but later turned hostile after people from the company spoke to them. After a lot of struggle, we managed to return home,\" S Harikrishnan of Srivaikundam said.The others rescued include M Anand, A James, S Muthu from Sankarankoil, S Rajan of Tirunelveli, M Suresh of Kalingapatti, S Muthiah of Ayikudi, S Vinod of Ambasamudram, R Raj of Tuticorin, K Sundarakumar of Kovilpatti and were taken to Asaba in Nigeria in the month of July 2011. They were involved in erecting transmission towers by a Dubai-based company in that country.Promised with benefits like a monthly salary of Rs 15,000, accommodation, food and travel expenses, the workers upon reaching the country realised that the situation was very different. Besides poor food and ill treatment, they were also forced to work beyond their contract period. Frustrated, they approached the Indian embassy, but officials there were of very little help to them, the workers who returned claimed. As a last resort, they explained their plight to their families, who approached a human rights organisation in Tirunelveli. The human rights organisation in turn sought help of the district administration to rescue the labourers.M Bharathan, director of Manitha Urimai Kalam said that the council submitted a petition to the district collector on April 2. Responding to the petition, collector R Selvaraj contacted the officials at the Centre. Based on the intervention by the Central government, the company immediately sent the workers back with $50 in hand,\" he said. \"Most of them are yet to get their salaries which have been pending for three to four months. We are taking measures to get back the pending salaries from the company,\" he said.The workers accused the supervisor Chelladurai from Kovilpatti who ill-treated them in the work place but later abandoned them and returned to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12616156", "title": "Vijaya Raghav\u2019s petition admitted", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP high court on Tuesday admitted a petition filed by G Vijaya Raghav, an employee of Emaar-MGF and an accused in the Emaar scam case that is being investigated by the CBI.The petitioner wanted the court to declare his arrest illegal as the probe agency did not follow the procedure laid down under law. Though no new material evidence was found against Vijaya Raghav, the CBI is citing the old material in the FIR and seeking to detain him in judicial custody, his counsel, Diljit Singh Ahluwalia, said.Justice G V Seethapathi asked the CBI to show respect to law and follow the procedure laid down for the purpose. The petitioner is at liberty to avail statutory remedies available to him, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12616517", "title": "No fair balance in show of strength by Congress camps in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: In a show of strength between two Union ministers - Anand Sharma and Virbhadra Singh - on Tuesday, Virbhadra Singh had upper hand as he paraded 14 MLAs before the media.Himachal Pradesh has 23 Congress MLAs and majority have sided with Virbhadra Singh leaving state Congress president Kaul Singh Thakur, strong contender for the chief ministerial post, in minority.With assembly elections round the corner, factionalism is at its peak in the Congress with leaders divided in Virbhadra Singh and Anand Sharma-Kaul Singh Thakur camps. All eyes were set on Tuesday's meetings at Shimla and Palampur. While the majority MLAs preferred to stay with Virbhadra Singh, Kaul Singh Thakur and few other MLAs attended the Palampur meeting of Anand Sharma organized by senior party leader B B Butail.Virbhadra Singh, 78, and Kaul Singh Thakur, 67, have drawn daggers on the issue of becoming chief minister and are not seeing eye-to-eye for quite some time now. Though Kaul Singh Thakur is the president of the state unit, he has not been able to win the confidence of majority of MLAs.According to party sources, handful of MLAs who are opposed to Virbhadra Singh were present in Palampur but CLP leader Vidya Stokes maintained a neutral stand by not attending any of the meetings.Sources said that in the meeting, Virbhadra Singh assured those present in the meeting that he would meet the party high command in Delhi to apprise them about the general feeling prevailing among the state leaders and party workers.Though his detractors had written him off from state politics but by parading 14 MLAs at his residence on Tuesday, Virbhadra Singh has made his intentions clear that he would not give up that easily. In Palampur, six MLAs including Kaul Singh Thakur besides former Rajya Sabha MP Viplove Thakur, All India general secretary of Congress Asha Kumari were present. The meeting was also attended by around 1,500-2,000 supporters.Meanwhile, speaking at Palampur, Commerce minister Anand Sharma on Tuesday announced a multi-pronged project to boost production and export of tea produced in the Kangra valley that is known for its flavour and quality.\"The Union and the state governments will jointly work to revive the Kangra tea industry by rejuvenating and expanding tea gardens,\" Sharma said, laying the foundation stone of a regional office of the Tea Board of India.Sharma said a collection centre would be opened here to procure tea directly from the growers. The minister said to get international buyers for Kangra tea, a separate e-auction window would be set up. The auctioning of tea is being supervised by the Tea Board of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12617902", "title": "Trader body leader hacked to death", "text": "CHENNAI: A man surrendered before the Fifth Metropolitan Magistrate's Court in Egmore on Tuesday in connection with the murder of a traders' outfit leader by a three-member gang at MMDA Colony on Monday night.Akbar Basha (35), who surrendered before the court, was sent to judicial custody. He is suspected to be a member of a gang of hired killers.Police said all-traders association president A Mohammed Rafique Raja (44), who is also chief of the Tamil Nadu Muslim Minorities Federation, was returning home on his two-wheeler when three people blocked his path at 10.30 pm on Monday. The three, who had come in an auto, hacked him with sickles and fled. Police said there was a row between the victim and Saleem Babu, an office bearer in the association at MMDA colony, over the latter's name not being printed in a publicity banner at a free water outlet in Arumbakkam recently. \"Saleem Babu even threatened to kill him. He is now absconding,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12617725", "title": "Chided for poor marks, 14-year-old boy ends life", "text": "BANGALORE: Upset after parents reprimanded him for his poor performance in Class VIII exam, a 14-year-old boy allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of his house in Venkateshpura of KR Puram on Tuesday afternoon, police said.Earlier in the morning, S Stalin, a student of Sarvodaya School, KR Puram, went to his school to knokw the results. His parents - Sagay, an employee with a franchisee of a mobile service provider and Mary, a private school teacher - accompanied him.A parent-teacher meeting was also held at the school. Though Stalin was promoted to the ninth grade, teachers asked his parents to advise their ward to study well in future as he was not up to the mark. The teachers reportedly told the parents that he had to be passed with some effort. They advised Sagay and Mary to ensure that their son worked hard as he had to take SSLC examinations two years later , the parents told police in their statement . Heading home , Sagay and Mary pulled up Stalin for his poor performance and asked him to mend his ways. Later, Mary and Sagay left for work.Around 11.45am, Sagay, who had forgotten his diary and identity card, returned home to pick them up. His knocks on the door of the house elicited no response and he opened the door with the spare key he had . On entering the house, Sagay found Stalin hanging from the ceiling fan. The boy used a cable wire to hang himself.Sagay rushed the boy to hospital where doctors declared him dead on arrival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chappar chiri (mohali)", "code": "12616355", "title": "21 take oath as chief parliamentary secretaries in Punjab", "text": "CHAPPAR CHIRI (Mohali): Twenty-one newly elected legislators on Tuesday took oath as chief parliamentary secretaries in Punjab.Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal administered the oath of office to 17 SAD MLAs and 4 from the alliance partner BJP, at a function here, 25 km from Chandigarh.The move is an attempt to keep all MLAs happy, as in the 117-member state assembly, the cabinet strength cannot go beyond 18, which is 15% of the assembly strength. Of the 21 legislators sworn in as CPS, 12 will hold the post for the first time.The first timers include Navjot Kaur, wife of cricketer- turned politician BJP MP Navjot Singh Sidhu , Parkash Chand Garg and Sarup Singla.The number of CPS this time was increased to 21 from 14 in the previous tenure of the Badal-led SAD-BJP alliance, which returned to power with an improved tally of 68 seats (SAD 56, BJP 12) in the 2012 state assembly elections, against 67, which the two parties secured in 2007.The appointment of CPSs was challenged in the high court in the previous Badal term and the case is still pending in the court.A local lawyer has also challenged the appointment of 21 CPS in the Punjab and Haryana high court here on Monday on the ground that no such post exists \"under the Constitution of India or under any statute or Act passed by Parliament or any state legislature\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12617319", "title": "Man stealing from hotel rooms nabbed", "text": "PANAJI: Calangute police have arrested a local who would enter into hotel rooms in the coastal belt and steal belongings of tourists, while they were away on the beach or partying elsewhere.Police had received a complaint that an unknown person stepped into a hotel's premises in between 1.30am on April 1 and 4.30am on April 2, entered three rooms on the first floor and escaped after stealing laptops, i-pods, mobile phones, a digital camera, jewellery and cash worth about 2.50 lakh.The three rooms were occupied by a group of students from Manipal, who had checked into the hotel on April 1. \"They had gone out, when the thefts happened,\" said police sources.On learning of the theft, a police team led by DySP Bossuet Silva made a list of all habitual offenders who had targetted tourists. PSI Laxi Amonkar narrowed down on Vinay Haldankar from Naibaug-Pernem, who was allegedly involved in several such incidents in the past.Haldankar was arrested on Tuesday and police recovered stolen goods worth 1.5 lakh from him. He has been remanded to three days police custody.\"His modus operandi is almost similar in all cases. He climbs using the water pipes and enters the room verandah, through which he opens the window to enter the room. Asimilar modus operandi was used in these thefts,\" a police official said. Haldankar targetted tourists, as in most cases, they didn't lodge complaints as they didn't want to return to the state to pursue the case in court, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12615855", "title": "Another Bholakpur waiting to happen in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: With daytime temperatures soaring, there is a spurt in water pollution complaints in the city. If the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) does not react quickly, Bholakpur-like incidents may repeat again. Eleven people had died after consuming contaminated water in Bholakpur in May, 2009.There were reports of isolated cases of water pollution, supply of coloured water with foul smell, from different areas since March last week itself. However, since the first week of April, the number of pollution cases have increased manifold mainly from areas like Aliabad, Mysaram, Moosrambagh, Gowlipura, Jahanuma, Yakutpura, Santoshnagar, Madannapet, Dilsukhnagar and Vanasthalipuram.The Metro Customer Care (MCC), on an average, used to receive 10 to 12 complaints per day on contamination of water. In January, the MCC had received 330 complaints and of them the officials resolved 320 complaints. In March, around 400 complaints were received and 380 were attended.\"At least three to four complaints were being received from these areas during the weekly interactive Praja Vani programme. Already, instructions have been passed on to officials to attend complaints of water pollution on priority. In case, the entire area has been getting polluted water, then we asked officials to stop water supply and replace the pipeline,\" HMWS&SB; in-charge director (Technical) D Sundar Rami Reddy told TOI. However, instances like an entire area getting polluted water have not been reported yet in the city. \"We directed our officials to get feedback from linemen on complaints from locals on polluted water,\" the official added.Explaining the reasons for water pollution, a senior HMWS&SB; official attached to QAT (Quality Assurance and Testing) wing told TOI that algae and sludge form on the surface of water due to soaring temperatures.\"Water gets yellow tinge due to submerged vegetation in reservoir areas. It may not be pleasing to the eye, but it is not harmful to health,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12623017", "title": "Parvathy Omanakuttan debuts in Kollywood with Billa 2", "text": "Parvathy Omanakuttan makes her debut in Kollywood with most awaited film Billa 2.Model-turned-actress Parvathy Omanakuttan makes her debut opposite Southern superstar Ajith. She informs that makers of Billa 2 spotted her through a fashion show. Excited about her film debut Parvathy explains that she will continue to do more films and roles that will excite her in future.It can be recalled that Parvathy made it to Femina Miss India 2008 finals and then Miss India World title with sub-titles of Miss Photogenic, Miss Personality and Miss Beautiful Hair. She was the first Runner-Up at the Miss World competition in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "devaragunda (sullia)", "code": "12617652", "title": "Daivas always stood by my husband: Datty", "text": "DEVARAGUNDA (SULLIA): It is his unshakeable faith in 'daivas' that brought chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda to this tiny sylvan hamlet bordering Kerala. No matter how pressing the engagements are, the chief minister takes time off to be part of 'dharma nema'. Even the extended family of the chief minister, numbering around 200, makes it a point not to miss. This family affair because of him becomes a village affair.While Sadananda Gowda came to the village on January 18 to be part of the 'baila kola', which is held each year, the dharma nema that he participated on Monday was started three years ago. \"The family members came together to construct a 'gudi' (sanctum sanctorum) for the daivas, and the ritual is being held since then. The baila kola held in January saw prayers offered to Vishnu Murthy,\" Datty Sadananda Gowda, CM's wife told TOI.But what gladdened the hearts of her husband, Datty confided was the fact that Rudra Chamundi, main deity among daivas worshipped by the family at the dharma nema were the words of assurance uttered by it. \"Trust me, and look after me and I will protect you at all times, the daiva had told the CM. The daiva has always stood by my husband in his times of need and has not let him down. It reaffirmed his faith in daivas,\" Datty added.Even as Gowda sought divine intervention, his predecessor B S Yeddyurappa said in Bangalore that he was confident that the party's central leadership would soon decide on the state leadership. \"Soon, good news will come,\" he said. This statement comes in the backdrop of BJP troubleshooter Dharmendra Pradhan's visit to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12622895", "title": "Richa\u2019s movie on hold", "text": "Richa Gangopadhyay (of \"Leader\" fame) has been shooting non-stop in Kolkata for her debut Bengali film \" Vikram Singha\" with Prosenjit. The film is in its first leg of promotions now, after which Richa was to start work on &quot;Varadhi&quot; with Prabhas. But the film may take some time to take off, it seems for Prabhas is an even more busy man.\"Yes, \"Varadhi\" (working title) is on hold currently. I'll resume shooting for that in June. Prabhas is currently busy with \"Rebel\",\" informs the actress. In January, Prabhas and Richa shot some scenes in Maryada Ramnna House at Kokapet for \"Varadhi\". The climax was reportedly shot here, following which the unit shifted to Romoji Film City in Hyderabad. Prabhas has reportedly lost weight for the film and will be seen in a new look. Richa will be seen as essaying the role of a homely girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12621976", "title": "Oracle seeks ban on Android", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Oracle Corp will ask a jury next week to find that Google Inc stole its intellectual property to make Android software in a trial that a federal judge called the \"World Series of IP cases.\"Oracle, the database maker seeking to wring profit from its $7.4 billion 2010 acquisition of Sun Microsystems Inc (JAVA), is seeking $1 billion in damages and an injunction to block Android software that allegedly infringes patents it owns through Sun. Google, whose Android software is running on more than 150 million devices, denies any infringement and says the Oracle- owned technology it used isn't covered by copyright.\"This is the World Series of IP cases,\" US District Judge William Alsup , who will preside over the trial in San Francisco , told lawyers for both companies March 28. \"Only one winner comes out of the World Series.\"The eight-week trial is scheduled to begin April 16 with jury selection. Oracle alleges that Google copied parts of the Java programming language platform when designing the Android operating system without taking a license. The arrangement and structure of 37 application programming interfaces, or APIs -- tools used for building software applications -- Google used are original expressions that are copyrightable, Oracle's attorneys have said.'Art, not a science'\"We're talking about the design of the libraries by designers who are designing something that is an art, not a science, and that is creative,\" Oracle lawyer Michael Jacobs said in a March 28 court hearing.More than 97 per cent of Android phones active in the past two weeks contain copied code, Oracle said in an April 5 court filing. An injunction is needed to stop Google from distributing infringing products to phone makers, the Redwood City , California-based company said. Alsup would decide after the trial whether an injunction is warranted if the jury finds Google infringed.Settlement talks held April 2 and in September failed to resolve the lawsuit.Developed by Sun in the mid-1990s, Java lets developers write programs that work across different operating systems and on a variety of computers. It formed a key building block of the Web and is widely used in business applications. The software also runs on billions of mobile devices.Google relies on Android, the most popular U.S. smartphone operating system, to compete with Apple Inc. in the mobile-phone market and lessen its dependence on traditional Web-search advertising.'Two different ideas'Google claims the APIs it used are general-purpose methods of operation that simply describe how to do a task, and aren't subject to copyright. \"Having two different ways of organizing something doesn't mean those are expression,\" said Michael Kwun, a Google attorney, at the March 28 hearing. It \"just means those are two different ideas.\"He told Alsup that a tiny fraction of the 15 million lines of code on an Android phone are alleged to have been copied. Google has removed all copied material from the most-recent version of Android, said company spokesman Jim Prosser.A finding that APIs are copyrightable would be \"fairly catastrophic\" for the US software industry, said Simon Wardley, a researcher at Computer Sciences Corp (CSC)'s UK-based Leading Edge Forum, a global research and advisory forum for corporate IT chiefs. Common functions that programmers use would become protected, leading to more lawsuits, he said in an email.\"If you're looking for a case where the U.S. legal system might throw the golden goose under a bus, then this one is a pretty good candidate,\" Wardley said.Percentage of revenueOracle also alleges that Google infringed the two Java patents in the case that a court-appointed expert estimated are worth $2.8 billion in damages.If the jury finds Google infringed, future damages for one patent that expires in December should be 0.5 per cent of Android revenue and future damages on the other patent that expires in 2018 should be 0.015 percent of Android revenue, Google said, citing the court-appointed expert, in court documents.The expert's report isn't public. Google doesn't disclose revenue for the operating system. Oracle's expert says total damages through 2011 are $1 billion, according to court filings.\"The reality is that the jury may perceive the court- appointed expert to be the truly objective expert,\" said David Kleinfeld, an intellectual property and business litigation partner at Goodwin Procter who isn't involved in the case.Google emailOracle's original lawsuit filed in 2010 claimed Google was infringing seven patents. All but two have been removed from the case. Google won a ruling last year throwing out Oracle's $6.1 billion damage estimate. Alsup ruled that damage estimates should start at $100 million, the figure that Google considered and rejected in 2006 for a Java license from Sun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12616848", "title": "No kidding, biz honchos to wear uniforms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you thought uniforms were confined to schools, think again. Companies in Gujarat have started to introduce uniforms for their employees.Ahmedabad-based Torrent Pharma is planning to introduce uniforms for its white-collared employees at the corporate office. Sources in the company said that the Torrent uniforms will depend upon each person's designation and are likely to be blue and grey coloured with company logo.Similarly, Cadila Pharmaceuticals plans to revive its plans of wearing a uniform at least once a week. \"In 2009, we used to wear a blue t-shirt to work every Saturday and on the last working day of the week. The uniforms were provided by the company. The initiative was popular and is likely to be revived this year,\" said a company spokesperson.The concept of uniforms for corporate office employees is common in Mumbai and Delhi which is fast catching up in Gujarat too. Besides promoting company image, the uniforms become part of a group identity.Mahendra Patel, chairman of Mamata Group wears a uniform to work. All the group companies under Mamata Group have a different uniform for its employees.\"I wear a uniform depending upon which company I am planning to visit. Having a uniform makes me feel that I am a part of my team. While the workers at the factory wear a single colour, mostly dark blue uniform, the managerial staff wears two colours in lighter shades of beige,\" said Patel.Companies like Adani, Nirma, Elecon Engineering, Kalol-based Ratnamani Metals, among others have uniforms for employees at their plants.Rahul Bahety, owner, Gujarat Police &amp; Military Stores, which supplies uniforms to corporate houses, said, \"The trend of introducing uniforms is catching up in Gujarat with even small-sized companies adopting uniforms. Corporates ask for plain and simple uniforms, which carry the company logo. For white-coloured employees, the colours are light, usually shades of light blue and beige. These uniforms are also premium and cost between Rs 1000-1500 while that of the factory workers is below Rs 500.\"Adani Power and Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone (APSEZ) have uniforms for its employees at Mundra. \"Apart from maintaining uniformity in dress code, it becomes easy for security guards to identify employees easily. We also provide shoes which are specially made to work in factories,\" according to a source in Adani group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12617224", "title": "Ex-Ulfa rebel's body found", "text": "GUWAHATI: A former Ulfa (Sulfa) rebel's decomposed body was found near the city's Sonapur area on Tuesday. Sleuths of Noonmati police station dug out his corpse from Amchang forest.The victim has been identified as Dhruba Jyoti Talukdar (42). He was traceless since March 26. Police sources said his mother, Binita, had registered his name in the missing list of Noonmati PS on March 27.The body was found with two bullet injuries and was in almost decomposed as the killers had sprayed salt on the ditch before burying him. His body has been sent for post mortem. Police suspect the murder was a fallout of business rivalry.Police have already arrested Pradip Baishya, his business aide, and Binod Kumar Mili, his personal security officer (PSO). \"Dhruba Jyoti used to stay at his own house in the New Guwahati BG Yard area alone as his wife, Bijoya Lakxmi Talukdar, left him after a family fight. He was a coal trader and had many other businesses in the city,\" said a policeman.\"We have succeeded to catch the main accused in the case. We are going to ask the court to give a seven-day remand. Their interrogation will reveal more details. We have to inquire about the role of his PSO in the case,\" said city SP Apurba Jibon Barua.Police are also searching for Mithun, the driver of Dhruba Jyoti. \"Mithun joined duty only four days ago before he went missing. The duo, in their confession, has also mentioned about his involvement in the killing,\" said a police officer.Initial investigation said Dhruba was shot dead by a group of three on March 26 at his home. \"They took away his body to the forest in his SUV and buried it with salt. Salt was used so that the body gets decomposed quickly,\" added a source.Dhruba Jyoti Talukdar had surrendered in 1995 and then started his own business. Within a short time, he succeeded and made huge amount of money, resulting in business rivalries. In 2009, he was shot by unknown miscreants but he somehow managed to survive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616094", "title": "All over bar the shouting?", "text": "MUMBAI: According to excise department officials, 56 permit rooms in the suburbs and almost 10 in Mumbai have not renewed their licences in the previous financial year. \"Over the past three years, 30 to 40 bar owners have not paid their renewal fees, and thus have given up their businesses,\" said an official.Ahar president Sudhakar Shetty said that thanks to taxes prices of liquor had gone up by 60-70%. Food inflation has also eaten into their business. \"Increasing service tax, licence fees, value-added tax, excise duty, LPG prices, electricity tariff and water bills are taking a toll on business. Over 30% of regular drinkers have shifted to swigging unhealthy country liquor. There is not even a 5% profit margin in the business now,\" he said.\"It does not make any sense to go on with the business. Police raids have also contributed to scaring away patrons. Instead, customers prefer to buy liquor from shops and drink in their homes or at public places. Many more shops may close down if the situation fails to improve soon,\" warned Shetty. \"I don't understand why I should run a bar when I can't make enough money to run even my establishment. In the present scenario, I am unable to realize any potential in the business,\" said Ahar's secretary Shashikant Shetty.He said that apart from taxes, food vendors operating next door on the streets without a licence were eating into their business. Some of the bars that have not shut down have changed their menu, he added. Hotel Sadhana in Bhandup West, for instance, has been converted into a vegetarian restaurant and has been renamed Gopalas. \"Swagat bar in Chembur has also been converted into a veg restaurant,\" said Sudhakar Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12616896", "title": "Stone laid for new East Central Railway building", "text": "PATNA: East Central Railway (ECR) GM Varun Bharthuar laid the foundation stone for the construction of new building for traffic accounts office on the sprawling East Central Railway GM's campus at Hajipur on Monday.This building which will be double storied, will be built at an estimated cost of Rs 95 lakh.However, it will have the provision for building four storeys in future, said East Central Railway chied public relations officer (CPRO) Neeraj Ambastha. He said that most of the offices of East Central Railway are still located in Patna .Thus, efforts are on to build new buildings on its own campus and make the functioning of the zone more smooth by clubbing them together from administrative point of view, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12617179", "title": "All construction works in city come to a standstill for want of sand", "text": "JAIPUR: Contractors of the Jaipur Metro project are finding it hard to retain their workforce in the absence of regular supply of bajari (sand). As the work at most of the construction sites has been stopped for want of bajari, the contractors now fear that the labourers might leave in search of alternative work.The development has put a question mark on the Metro deadline. Similar difficulties are being faced by developers and contractors of the affordable housing scheme and the Ghat ki Ghuni project.The disruption in bajari (sand) supply since March 31 has now started showing adverse affects and many have started believing that damage to the construction work due to further delay in bajari supply will be out of control.To hold back labourers from different states without providing them any work has become one of the biggest problems for the contracted companies and developers. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), project director, Lalit Meghnani, said, \"We have engaged the labourers in other miscellaneous work at present. However, if work is not resumed in the next five days it will be difficult to stop them.\"\"The situation has become very critical now. Despite many attempts, we have not found any suitable alternative yet. Work cannot be completed within given the deadline if there is more than 10 days' delay,\" Meghnani said.On Tuesday, two trucks of bajari were brought to the city from Bikaner by DMRC but officials did not find quality suitable for use in Metro work. \"We have tested the quality of the bajari, its suitable for carrying out small works but not for high strength works,\" and official said.Apart from the Metro project, the chief minister's ambitious affordable housing project is also facing the heat and developers too are facing the problem of retaining labourers without providing them work. Rajasthan Affordable Housing Developers Association (RAHDA), president, Vinay Joshi, \"In this regard, a letter has been sent to principal secretary G S Sandhu on Monday to bring the matter in his notice. We have apprised him that once the labourers are gone it would be very difficult to get them back.\"Developers also said getting a complete set of workers requires at least one-month time. \"In the absence of sand, work will come to a standstill in the next four days and retaining labourers without work is a costly affair as approximately Rs 80,000 is required per day to retain the labour working on 500 units,\" Joshi added.Similarly, as the June 31 deadline for Ghat Ki Ghuni project is approaching nearer, officials feel that any further delay lead to a deadline miss. JDA executive engineer Sanjeev Kumar Jain, said, \"The project works come to a standstill and we are waiting for the Supreme Court's decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12618406", "title": "Stray bull knocks down 65-yr-old woman to death", "text": "KANPUR: A 65 years old woman was knocked down by a stray bull and she died while being rushed to the hospital on Tuesday. A few months back, a youth died after he was brutally trampled by an ox. He was buying vegetables in Govind Nagar sabzi mandi. An old man died after bearing the fury of an enraged bull in Barra in December last year.These are just a few cases to make aware people about the nuisance being created by stray animals. On Tuesday, an enraged bull knocked down Shakila Begum (65), a resident of Nayapurwa in Juhi in Kidwai Nagar. She died while being rushed to the hospital. The incident took place while she had gone to purchase vegetables near her residence. The large crowd gathered at the spot but none could gather courage to rescue the old woman from the violent bull. When a group of youth, rushed with sticks and hurled stones at the bull it escaped but it was too late.Such incidents of stray animals like bulls, cows and oxen knocking down people are common in the vegetable markets.Ironically, fatal incidents take place but the stray cattle continue to roam on the main roads of the city. At times, stray animals settle down in the middle of the roads and cause traffic snarls.But, has anyone imagined why these animals become aggressive. The answer is shortage of food and self-defence in case of attack by vegetable vendors.The authorities of Kanpur municipal corporation (KMC), responsible for taking care of the stray animals, cite the problems of being under-staffed, under-appreciated and under-financed as the reasons for not being able to do the best. This is new. The KMC has been giving this excuse for a long time now. Everytime, an incident like this takes place, KMC officials pass the buck by saying that they are understaffed.\"For a population of 50 lakh spread in 40 kms, we have a staff of only 24 people. And people are not ready to understand that how much pain we take in catching an animal, even risking our lives,\" lamented a KMC official. He said that the KMC has three cattle catching vehicles to catch and shift the stray animals from the dense localities. The officials said that the civic body does not have resources to catch stray cattle.When questioned about plans of inducting more cattle catching vehicles and other equipment, the official said that soon two cattle catching vehicles will be added to existing fleet.Another official said that within six months, the KMC can have one cattle catching vehicle in each of the six zones of the city. He added that a staff of eight people with one vehicle in the requirement for trapping the stray animals.The funds are a big problem. To catch a big animal like bulls, a tranquiliser gun costing around 2 lakh and its cartridge costing Rs 800 is required.The official said that catching a cow is very difficult because of religious sentiments attached to the animal. He lamented that people leave their domestic cows after milching and then the animals attack people.The people are also to be blamed for adding to the cattle menace. After milching the cows and buffaloes in morning and evening, they set free the animals on the road in the morning and evening. The owners should take care of the animals instead of driving the poor creatures outside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12617487", "title": "Naga church ready for platinum jubilee", "text": "KOHIMA: The Nagaland Baptist Church Council (NBCC) is all set to celebrate its platinum jubilee from April 19-22 at NBCC Convention Centre, Kohima, under the theme \"one new humanity in Christ.\"About 10,000 delegates, including foreign delegates from the USA, Japan, South Korea, Singapore and cultural troupes from Thailand are expected to participate in the convention.The speakers for the occasion include Peter Sulack, Reid Trulson, W Charles Smith and Anne Graham Lotz. The four-day long celebration will be marked by inspiring messages, children's rally, film festival and concerts.Chief minister Neiphiu Rio will inaugurate the NBCC Convention Centre, located at the New Capital Complex, Kohima, on April 19. The centre, which is being constructed for the NBCC platinum jubilee, can accommodate up to 7000 people.Last month, Rio had convened a co-ordination meeting with top officials and NBCC representatives in his office chamber to discuss preparations for the event. The CM stressed on the participation of different departments and entrusted the Kohima Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industries (Kand the tourism department to coordinate and organise night bazaar to facilitate flow of visitors during the celebration.He also urged the people to maintain cleanliness within the town and entrusted the Contractors' Union and the PWD department for maintaining the Secretariat Road.The Phom Baptist Church youth department, comprising about 40 volunteers, have the taken the first plunge to remove piles of garbage dumped in and around Kohima in view of the event.The ongoing sanitation drive at Kohima is being supported by the KCCI, KMC, WSSO PHED, Kohima Town Baptist Pastors' Fellowship and members of NBCC Platinum Jubilee Sanitation Committee.The committee has brought out a list of dos and don'ts on sanitation and urged everyone concerned to keep the capital and the state clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12616570", "title": "21 stolen two-wheelers recovered, 5 arrested", "text": "PUNE: With the arrest of five persons, the Yerawada police on Tuesday claimed to have solved 13 cases of vehicle theft. The police also detained a minor and recovered 21 two-wheelers, together worth Rs 4.88 lakh.The men arrested are Sanjay Dhande (23) of Ahmednagar, Deepak Timmaiyya (26) and Raju Shitole (20), of Wagholi and Atul Gorakshanath Pund (20) and Rahul Amolik (20) of Khadki. \"We are looking for one more suspect in the case,\" said Yerawada police senior inspector Deepak Sawant, who led the police team that solved the cases.Addressing a press conference on Tuesday, deputy commissioner of police (zone-IV) Sanjay Jadhav said, \"These men have been active for the last one-and-a-half-years in the Chandannagar and Kharadi areas of the city as well as in Walchandnagar, Daund and Shirur in the district. \"They would steal motorcycles from the parking lots of housing societies as well as those parked on the road with the help of their minor accomplice,\" he said.\"After stealing the bikes the suspects would change the registration number plates and sell them at throw-away prices to customers in rural areas. They would promise to give the customer the documents of the vehicle later, but would never return,\" said Jadhav.He said that with the recovery of the motorcycles, 13 cases had been solved. \"Of these, the owners of eight motorcycles have yet to be traced,\" said Jadhav.\"Eight motorcycles were recovered from Dhande following his arrest on April 1 and another three from Timmaiyya, who was arrested on April 7. The remaining motorcycles were recovered from Shitole, Pund and Amolik after they were arrested,\" said Sawant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620478", "title": "Arjun Rampal to play Sher Khan in Zanjeer remake", "text": "This newspaper was the first to report that Sonu Sood was being considered for the role of Sher Khan in Apoorva Lakhia's remake of Zanjeer.There were also reports of Sanjay Dutt essaying the crook with a golden heart , a role immortalised by veteran actor Pran in late Prakash Mehra's 1973 blockbuster Zanjeer. Finally, it's Arjun Rampal who has bagged the coveted role, Mirror can now reveal.Rampal confirmed the news and said, \"It's a Zanjeer based in today's times. So my look doesn't necessarily need to be exactly like Pran saab in the original. Apoorva and I have a few ideas on my get up. We have discussed them and will shortly zero down on the final look.\"Added Rampal, \"I have seen the original Zanjeer thrice and will soon see it again. I start shooting for Apoorva's film very soon.\"Lakhia too confirmed saying, \"Arjun's looks and physique make him the perfect choice for a role like Sher Khan. I have worked with him in Ajnabee and he is a friend.\"Apparently, the director had been meeting Rampal at his Bandra residence for the past few days. An eyewitness at the meeting told Mirror that eventually, Rampal signed on the dotted line sometime Monday afternoon, adding, \"He looked very happy. He is very excited he has been chosen to play Sher Khan. It's going to be a big challenge for him.\"The remake will be produced by Reliance Entertainment , Adai Mehra Productions and Flying Turtles.Zanjeer version 2.0Ram Charan Teja to play Bachchan's characterPriyanka Chopra most likely to play Jaya Bachchan's characterPrakash Raj to play Ajit's characterMahie Gill to play Helen's characterArjun Rampal to play Pran's characterSuresh Nair of Kahaani, Namastey London and Singh is Kinng fame is the screenplay writerJaved Aejaz of Shootout at Lokhandwala, Mission Istanbul, The Dirty Picture and Once Upon a Time in Mumbai fame is the action directorGururaj Jois, who has done all of Apoorva Lakhia's films till date, is the DOPChintu Singh of Mission Istanbul fame is editorChintan Gandhi of 99 and Shor in the city fame is dialogue writer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12618525", "title": "Passengers have a tough time as Shatabdi runs late", "text": "PANCHKULA: City-bound passengers had a hard time when the evening Delhi-Chandigarh Shatabdi got delayed by around one-and-a-half hours due to a technical snag in the engine of another train in the block section near Panipat.''Till the time the snag was not rectified, we could not allow the Shatabdi to move forward. On our side, no other train except the Shatabdi comes through that track. So it was only this train which got delayed,'' said Praveen Kumar, station superintendent of the Chandigarh railway station.The Shatabdi was scheduled to reach at 8.40pm but it reached here only around 10.10pm. Many people who were waiting for their relatives and friends at the station also got restless, as it was not clear how long would the delay be.''I have been waiting for long for my sister who's coming to Chandigarh from Delhi. We didn't expect a delay. What's worse, the railway authorities are also not sure how long would the delay be. Like sometimes they are making an announcement saying that the train would reach in ten minutes and sometimes they are saying that it would take half an hour. They should at least give definite information,'' said Falak Chauhan, a resident of Sector 15, Panchkula.''The wait is quite harrowing. I have been calling up my son constantly, who is aboard the Shatabdi. The authorities should have given clear-cut information regarding what the problem is,'' said Rajeev Kundra, a resident of Sector 14,Panchkula, while waiting at the station.'My whole schedule has been ruined. We are still waiting for the track to get cleared. I had to attend a function and was coming to Chandigarh for that only. But by the time I'll reach there, the function will get over,' rued Sanjeev Sharma, a resident of Sector 21, Chandigarh over a telephonic conversation with TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12622825", "title": "Antony to ensure transparency in defence deals", "text": "KOCHI: Defence minister A K Antony on Wednesday said utmost efforts would be made to avoid corruption in defence procurements even if it meant some delays.`` No cover-up, but no vendetta, this is our motto governing the defence deals. Any substantial allegations of corruption in defence deal would be probed, and the guilty would be punished, however powerful the company or people involved. We have blacklisted several companies and would continue to do so if there are grounds for it. All these may cause some delays. But how can we tolerate corruption just to avoid delays?'' Antony told reporters here after the Coast Guard investiture ceremony.He refuted that there was any communication gap between the Defence Ministry and armed forces.\"Defence Ministry and forces work as a family and divergent opinions could be expressed at various levels on different issues as part of the democratic decision making process. But once the decisions are taken everybody abides by it. I have great respect and love for the members of the armed forces,'' Antony said.Asked about the reported letter of General V K Singh to Prime Minister on the inadequacy of weapons for the Indian armed forces, Antony said, ``I don't claim everything is alright with our forces. But I can confidently assert that our defence forces are more equipped than in the past to meet any eventuality. Indian armed forces are internationally acclaimed military now.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12622376", "title": "Ram sparks off marriage rumours", "text": "Actor Ram certainly didn't think that his post on a microblogging site about a \" big news\" would instantly create buzz about his marriage.The actor who has been busy with \"Endhukante Premanta\" - a bilingual film directed by A Karunakaran, co-starring Tamannaah - posted, \"Big news coming up... I'm sure a lot of u already know, but...will b official soon!\" No sooner did he post this than there were queries if the actor is hinting at a marriage. But Ram was quick to clear the air saying, \"Devuda! Kadavuley! Bhagavan! GOD! ..NO ppl..I am NOT GETTING MARRIED!!..the news is abt my work....phew! Lol\" Interestingly, the film Ram is currently doing - \"Endhukante Premanta\" - is said to be about the confusion faced by young people when they fall in love. It is also said that Karunakaran has treated the subject beautifully which has resulted in a romantic feast for fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12615762", "title": "New auction won\u2019t tell if CAG estimates right", "text": "NEW DELHI: Will the auction of leftover 30 new coal blocks in the next two months give an idea of how realistic is the Comptroller &amp; Auditor General's estimate of losses incurred by the government by simply giving out coal blocks through the discretionary route? Not quite. Here are the reasons.The CAG's estimate of losses is a humongous Rs 10.62 lakh crore (reported by TOI on March 22). Now, an examination of the list of 155 allotted blocks and their reserves show that almost all big and serious players already have been blocks that can supply 4-5 times more coal that is required by their projects.The same is true of small and paper companies floated with the aim of raking in windfall gains by divesting stake after the allocation of a block. With enough surplus to take care of future fuel needs, there is unlikely to be a scramble in the auction for the leftover blocks.\"The thumb rule is 1.6 million tonne is needed per year of the lowest grade coal for a 1 million-tonne sponge iron plant. Similarly, 5 million tonne power grade coal is required for running a 1,000 mw plant. Going by this, there is already an 'over allocation' of four-five times. Naturally, the bidding will be on the lower side,\" explained a Coal India executive who did not wish to be identified.He said a similar kind of market dynamics will come into play during the auction of the cancelled 2G licences. \"High bids for 2G are now doubtful when the technology itself is facing obsolescence with the rollout of 3G and 4G services,\" he said.In the 2G case, CAG had estimated a loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore on the basis of the market situation prevailing between2008 and 2010. The government had garnered Rs 1 lakh crore in 2010 from the auction of spectrum for 3G services - a band of radio waves similar to 2G but which require a different technology.But this is not true of coal blocks. Unlike radio technology, coal reserves will not become obsolete. Once a company with a coal block clears the 3-5 years of gestation period needed for acquiring land and multiple clearances, the miner will reap returns for at least 25 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12618300", "title": "Schools go global, offer the \u2018world\u2019 to students", "text": "Reading one's course book under a tree, and submitting the assignment online; minutes later, skating down the corridors, may all seem an imaginary concept.But, elite international schools are offering these very facilities to students today. By providing students an opportunity to pursue academics and their creative interests simultaneously, these schools have redefined education in the city.Children while being taught in an technologically-charged atmosphere are also encouraged to be innovative, and this in turn, has radically altered and enlarged the vision of both students and parents.These elite schools follow activitybased learning module for primary kids, which makes children look at learning as anything but a burden.At the Parasrampuria Gems International School, teachers follow a theme-based curriculum which is taught to kids through games and puzzles. The school has a huge activity room called the 'Exploration Centre' where kids are taught the abc's with toys and games.\"Every school aims for holistic development. Only those who are open to changes are producing results,\" said Nisha Bhakar, principal of the school.Such interactive and fun-based activities generate interest among children to explore more rather than limiting them to just books.For secondary and senior secondary levels, these schools, with their sprawling campuses in the city outskirts, offer a range of facilities. Right from swimming pools, badminton courts to technology labs and language centres, children are exposed to a plethora of provisions that need not be available at other schools.Some schools have even tied up with established sportsperson or sports company to offer world-class training facilities to students.Integrating technology with academics is another salient feature of the elite schools. Many of them are pumping huge amount of money to build technology-friendly campuses.The Delhi Public School, for instance, is coming up with a digital library for students which will have educational and informative CDs to enable students learn better.Senior students will be givem membership cards to avail the facility, while for primary section, the membership will be offered to the parents, school authorities said. Kids can issue CDs and DVDs and watch them at home and get a better understanding of various concepts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12617146", "title": "Youth stole bikes to impress girlfriends, arrested", "text": "AJMER: A local court on Tuesday sent one student, Ajay Kumar, to judicial custody on the charge of bike thefts, which he did habitually to impress his girlfriends.Police said they got a tip-off that a student standing on some shop in Makhupura area had a stolen motorcycle and had changed its number plate. Police went to verify the information and caught one Ajay Kumar Saxena, \"We interrogated Ajay and found the information to be true. The bike was stolen from Parivahan Nagar on March 26,\" said Kushal Chordia, SHO, Adarsh Nagar police station.In preliminary enquiry, it was found that Ajay was a final year B.Ed student and was going to a become teacher next year. He was residing in Dholabhata while his family lives in Uttar Pradesh. \"He got admission in a teachers' education college on Nasirabad Road and was living alone,\" said police.Ajay used to impress his college friends, especially girls, by using costly perfumes and mobile handsets. \"He brought different motorbikes to college and claimed that his father, who is a farmer in Uttar Pradesh, sent him heavy pocket money,\" said a friend of Ajay.Police came to know that to make an impression on his friends and to live a lavish life, Ajay got in touch with a habitual criminal Sunil of Ganesh Nagar. \"They both were involved in bike lifting in the city and had lifted seven motorcycles in last one year,\" added police. Police also arrested Sunil and both were given jail sentence by the court.Police also called the parents of Ajay, \"We are trying to get the permanent address of Ajay from his college to contact his parents,\" sources said. When the police went to his college they found that Ajay used to give treats in his class on every occasion and also invited his classmates for dinner at high profile restaurants. \"We are looking for the numbers of bikes they stole from the city and also trying to find theft cases in nearby towns,\" added police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ramanakkapeta (east godavari)", "code": "12616250", "title": "Anti-special economic zone protest turns violent", "text": "RAMANAKKAPETA (EAST GODAVARI): Tension prevailed at Ramanakkapeta village in U Kothapalli mandal on Tuesday when hundreds of anti-Kakinada Special Economic Zone agitators detained a large number of cops of Uppada Kottapalli and Pithapuram police stations for several hours. The angry protestors also damaged a police jeep.They gave vent to their ire by targeting the cops who tried to drive out hundreds of farmers from the agriculture fields when the latter forcibly tried to plough the fields, which were taken over by the promoters of KSEZ. The incident took an ugly turn when the protestors even detained some journalists who went to cover the protests. The angry farmers detained Pithapuram police when the latter rushed to rescue their colleagues from U Kothapalli. Hundreds of farmers from nearby villages also arrived on the scene and shouted slogans against the police and the KSEZ management.It all started when farmers of the village tried to plough the land with tractors, demanding that the authorities resume the land taken away from them for setting up the KSEZ. Following this, a large number of policemen were rushed to the area to stop the protestors from cultivating the land.Angry words were exchanged between the farmers and police. When the cops tried to stop the agitators from ploughing the fields, they were detained. After nearly five hours of high drama, the police personnel were told by their superiors to retreat from the spot. The agitators allowed the cops to go back only after being convinced that they would not face any cases.Police registered cases against the youth when they were detained for almost six hours at Thondagi mandal one and a half months ago.Sources said irked by continuous threats, the farmers of U Kothapalli and Thondangi mandals had decided to teach the cops a lesson this time around. \"The cops are acting at the behest of the promoters of the KSEZ. Our land should be given back,\" an angry farmer shouted. A port-based multi-product SEZ which took shape in 2005 envisages development of more than 10,000 acres in both the mandals. The KSEZ promoters promised Rs 40,000 crore in investments to set up industries like oil refineries, power plants, garments and machinery manufacturing units. However, no major industrial activity has taken place till now and people of the mandals allege that half of the 10,000 acres was purchased illegally by paying the farmers Rs 3 lakh per acre by KSEZ promoter K V Rao. The farmers of Ramannakkapet lost 800 acres to the SEZ. The farmers have been conducting `vanta-varpu' in the fields for the last two months as a mark of their protest. \"We have no leader to guide us. Farmers are fighting as their livelihood is at stake,\" an activist, K Rajendra, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "12623343", "title": "Why IT cos want bankrupt Elpida", "text": "TOKYO: For a bankrupt company, Elpida Memory Inc is getting a lot of attention as the subject of a billion-dollar chess game among the biggest technology companies.They don't necessarily covet Elpida's debt, workforce or even most of its business. They just want the part of its business that makes chips for Apple Inc's mobile devices -- and, even more, they want to make sure their competitors don't get that.Hynix Inc, the world's second-largest memory-chip maker, said March 30 it's bidding for Tokyo-based Elpida.Private-equity firm TPG Capital also plans a bid, a person familiar with the matter said on April 6. Toshiba Corp may join Hynix, and Micron Technology Inc may also try to buy the company's assets, Japanese media including the Nikkei newspaper have reported.Whoever gets the prize will be in a better position to compete with Samsung Electronics Co, the world's largest memory-chip maker, and make life even tougher for all smaller rivals.\"Elpida's technology is what everyone wants, as its technology can compete with Samsung's,\" Mitsuo Shimizu, a Tokyo-based analyst at Cosmo Securities Co., said by phone.Japan's DRAM leaderElpida was Japan's largest maker of dynamic random access memory, or DRAM, chips. Then the price for DRAM chips used in personal computers plummeted as they became a commodity and as PCs gave way to mobile communication devices. Amid a stronger yen hurting exports, Elpida filed for bankruptcy protection on Feb. 27 after losing money for five quarters.Samsung successfully made the transition to mobile DRAM and controlled 54 per cent of the global market for such chips, according to TrendForce Corp, a Taipei-based research company. Hynix followed with 21 per cent and Elpida with 17 per cent for mobile DRAM as of the fourth quarter of last year.Shipments of DRAM chips used in mobile devices such as Apple's iPhone are set to surge sevenfold by 2015 from 2011, according to IHS Inc's iSuppli, an Englewood, Colorado-based research company.The mobile DRAM business is \"the only thing worth buying\" among Elpida's assets, Amir Anvarzadeh, a Singapore-based manager for Asian equity sales at BGC Partners, said in a phone interview.Kodak's bankruptcyElpida isn't the only company in bankruptcy attracting interest. Eastman Kodak Co, which filed for Chapter 11 protection in January, is seeking to sell more than 1,100 digital-imaging patents it has said are worth more than $1 billion. The photography pioneer is also pursuing patent- infringement suits against device makers Apple, Research In Motion Ltd and HTC Corp, maintaining the companies owe it royalty payments.Elpida makes all of its mobile DRAM chips at its plant in Hiroshima, Japan, 40 percent of them for Apple, Anvarzadeh said. Apple overtook Hewlett-Packard Co as the world's largest chip buyer last year, according to Stamford, Connecticut-based Gartner Inc.\"Their mobile DRAM technology is perceived as good globally,\" said Park Hyun, a Seoul-based analyst at Tong Yang Securities Inc. Elpida began supplying Apple with the chips ahead of Hynix, Park said.Unlike DRAM chips for PCs, mobile DRAM chips are customized to the specifications required by device makers.Mobile memoryTaking over Elpida would enable Boise, Idaho-based Micron to boost its mobile DRAM business. Micron had 7.3 per cent in mobile DRAM as of the fourth quarter, according to TrendForce. For Tokyo-based Toshiba, which only produces NAND flash, a different type of memory chip, buying Elpida's DRAM assets would allow it to package both memory chips on its own, according to TrendForce.Suwon, South Korea-based Samsung and Icheon, South Korea- based Hynix each produces both NAND chips, used to store data permanently, and DRAM chips, which store data temporarily.Hynix declined to comment beyond the March 30 regulatory filing in which it expressed interest in Elpida, said Park Seong Ae, a Seoul-based spokeswoman for the company. Keisuke Ohmori, a spokesman for Toshiba, declined to comment, as did Tim Payne, an external spokesman for TPG in Hong Kong. An Elpida spokesman, who declined to be identified, citing company policy, also declined to comment.Micron President Mark Adams also declined to comment on a possible investment in Elpida in a March 22 interview. \"Micron executives have stated that we're interested in opportunities for industry consolidation, but we have nothing to add at this time,\" said Dan Francisco, a spokesman for Micron.Samsung vs AppleSamsung, the largest seller of chips for Apple, and the Cupertino, California-based iPhone maker have been suing each other globally since last year over patents related to mobile technology and design. The competition may give other chipmakers a chance to increase supplies to Apple, as the US company may not want to be too dependent on Samsung, BGC's Anvarzadeh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12617077", "title": "Kak orders authorities to stop construction work at Sariska", "text": "JAIPUR: Waking up to gross violation of the Wildlife (Protection) Act 1972 and orders of the Supreme Court, minister for forest and environment Bina Kak on Monday ordered an immediate halt on the construction of annicuts with the use of earth-moving machinery inside the Sariska Tiger Reserve.The forest department had embarked on a project of constructing 28 annicuts inside the reserve for providing water to animals there specially during summer. However, what the authorities seem to have missed is clearly laid laws for such work. Not only was heavy machinery deployed for construction work but the work was in complete disregard of the wildlife, specially tigers, inside the reserve.When the matter was brought to the minister's notice she took it up on an urgent basis and showing her concern for wildlife halted all construction work.According to Bina Kak, \"To provide water to wildlife in Sariska Tiger Reserve the forest department had embarked on a project of 28 water harvesting structures approved at a cost of Rs 1,146.07 lakh. In May, 2009, NABARD sanctioned the project for the construction of 28 water harvesting structures with financial assistance of Rs 1,088.77 lakh and the state's share in it was Rs 57.30 lakh. The construction of water harvesting structures was started by water resource department in June 2010.\"She added, \"About 22 water harvesting structures are under progress out of which 15 are likely to be completed in April 2012. But after it was brought to my notice I called the officers concerned here. Keeping in view the disturbance it caused to the wildlife we have decided to curtail construction work at Nangalhedi, Thadthadi (Alokenath), Shreedhar, Nala, Chawkiwala Johda, Adhirunjhadi (baghera audhi) and Cheeldi. During construction of ongoing water harvesting structures efforts will be made to cause minimum disturbance to the wildlife.\"\"Out of 28 sanctioned annicuts 15 are almost complete, seven others are nearing completion and should be ready before the monsoon sets in. Funds have already been utilized and for the rest six we have stopped the work,'' she said.However, the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) has also taken a note of the construction work and has shot a letter in this regards to chief secretary C S Mathew. In its letter the CEC has ordered to immediately stop the work that may cause disturbance to wildlife there.The CEC's intervention came after a representation by Dharmendra Khandal, field biologist, Tiger Watch dated April 9. Khandal in his representation had sought the CEC's intervention into the construction activities inside the Sariska reserve. The CEC in its letter to the chief secretary has asked the state government to conduct a thorough enquiry in the matter and reply to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "12617400", "title": "Anti-Gorkhaland Territorial Administration bandh shuts down Dooars, Terai", "text": "JALPAIGURI: The daylong bandh called on Tuesday by Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikas Parshad (ABAVP), Bangla O Bangla Bhasa Bachao Committee, Kamtapur People's Party and other groups in the Dooars and Terai against the formation of Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) led to a virtual shutdown in the area. Most markets remained closed and vehicles went off the road. Although government offices were open, attendance was thin. There was no work in several tea gardens.There was tension at Banerhat in the afternoon when bandh supporters tried to intercept those who opposed it. But police intervened just in time.What's in store now is a bandh called by pro-Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) groups on April 18 and 19 demanding formation of Gorkhaland and Adivasi Territorial Administration (GATA) including 398 mouzas from the Dooars and Terai.\"It was a peaceful bandh and people of all sections cooperated with us. It is a clear indication that common people are with us and hence we will continue with the movement unless the government declares that no part of the Dooars and Terai will be included in GTA,\" said Rajesh Lakra, secretary of ABAVP's Dooars Terai Regional Unit.Initially, the bandh was called for two consecutive days. But responding to Partha Chattopadhyay's appeal, it was later called only on Tuesday.The region will experience another two-day bandh called by the pro-GJM groups on April 18 and 19 demanding formation of Gorkhaland &amp; Adivasi Territorial Administration (GATA) including 398 mouzas from Dooars and Terai. Gorkha Janmukti Morcha is leading it with active support from John Barla and his team, who have been thrown out of ABAVP over the issue of supporting the Hills party.In a meeting held at the Adivasi Sanskriti Charcha Kendra in Nagrakata last Monday, the pro-GATA groups led by GJM leaders formed a Dooars Terai Joint Action Committee to counter the anti-GTA forces. John Barla has been made its chairman while Sukra Munda, the other sacked ABAVP leader, has the vice-chairman of the outfit.A series of agitations was also announced which will be launched to put pressure on the government. But observers are worried that this might trigger massive violence in the area.The pro-GATA groups have decided to hold a series of meetings starting from April 5 at Banerhat. Consecutively, the meetings will be convened at Kalchini, Birpara, Kumargramduar, Bargakote and Terai. On April 15, they would stage rallies in front of all the block offices in the Dooars and Terai and submit memorandums to the respective BDOs demanding formation of GATA. On April 24 and 29, two massive meetings would be held at Nagrakata and Siliguri presided over by GJM chief Bimal Gurung. A second phase submission of memorandum to all BDOs will start on May 7. The group will also stage relay hunger strikes in every block of the Dooars and Terai from May 16.The ABAVP and other anti-GJM forces active in the Dooars and Terai have declared that they won't allow any leader from the Hills to hold meeting in the plains. If Bimal Gurung is given permission to hold meetings, it is expected to create problems. If not, that will again irritate the pro-GATA forces.\"The situation so far is peaceful. But if anything happens anywhere, it will spread like forest fire and the administration won't be able to control it. It's high time they react to developments rather than sit idle,\" warned Lakra.Experts, too, believe that if the pro-GATA forces are allowed to hold meetings, the situation might take an ugly turn. The situation in the Dooars and Terai is getting worse by the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616229", "title": "Court notices to state, Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation over public rally venue", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday issued notices to the government as well as BMC on a public interest litigation, which seeks earmarking of venues where citizens' groups and political parties can hold meetings and rallies.A division bench of Justice D D Sinha and Justice V K Tahilramani was hearing a petition filed by Sadbhavna Sangha, an apolitical group in Byculla, that wanted to organize a Lokmanch to educate voters before the 2012 civic polls. Its application was rejected, citing the implementation of the code of conduct. Even in 2009, the police initially granted it permission to hold a public forum but the very next day, the sanction was cancelled saying it was being held in a \"politically and religiously sensitive area\" and it might lead to \"adverse law and order situation\".According to the Sangha's petition, the Lokmanch was held for \"a free flow of discussions\" between the public and candidates. It added the government spent large amounts of money to educate citizens about their rights and encourage them to vote. Stating that as it was following the state's objectives, the permission should not have been rejected, the Sangh urged the court to direct the BMC to \"earmark spaces and facilities to be utilized by forums and political parties as a permanent solution to address such issues\".During the hearing, Sangha's advocate Asim Sarode said, \"This involves citizens' right of political participation.\" The judges said the police and BMC must draw up a list of places so that such disputes did not arise. \"The state must come up with a policy so that during polls, those who want to have rallies may have a fixed venue,\" said Justice Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12617269", "title": "Now, pornography row rocks collector's office in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Two state government employees in the district collector's office have been asked to proceed on leave till superannuation as they were found watching pornographic stuff in the broadband-enabled election wing of the Trichy collectorate.The incident left many in the collector's office angry since it involved two senior officers and also in rude shock as the same computers were accessed by women employees for some reason. While one was a personal assistant (general) to the collector, the other was an election tahsildar. The women employees in later told the district collector Jayashree Muralidharan that they did not have the nerve to broach the subject fearing reprisal.Sources said that the two employees had reportedly downloaded a lot of pornographic files and the computer was awash with them. However, it remains a mystery as to how the matter came into light. Some said the internet tariff had reached astronomical calculations and the commissioner of revenue administration in Chennai asked for an explanation. But this theory was contradicted by many who said that the IT solutions were provided by National Informatics Centre in the collector's office and it was a dedicated service.It was also true that an election wing was created in the collector's office just prior to the Trichy West byelection, and this was exclusively linked with broadband connection as the office constantly dealt with the state election commission and they did not want to leave anything to chance. But once the election was over, the computers were misused by many. A source said that these computers were also used for online trading.The incident had created a lot of flutter in the corridors of the collector's office. A completely outraged Jayashree Muralidharan is believed to have drafted a letter in which she had said that the duo had indulged in something that was \"unbecoming\" of their official position.Speaking to TOI, the collector said, \"I gave them the option of going on leave, or else I should have suspended them.\" The duo immediately went on leave after surrendering their official phones and SIM cards.Interestingly, one of the two \"retired\" this March and another had some two years of service left. The action by the collector was hailed by many especially the women employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12621917", "title": "Other composers follow me: Anu Malik", "text": "Music composer Anu Malik was in all his elements while in Lucknow to judge the auditions of 'Indian Idol 6'.At his talkative best, the composer rubbished the trend of sufi music prevalant these days in the Indian film industry. \"\"Itna sufi ho gaya hai ki bechara sufi bhi ab rone laga hai,\"\" says Malik, while talking about what he doesn't like in the present music scenario.\"People here tend to stick to whatever becomes a hit and then uske peechhe itna pad jate hain ki woh bhi chalte-chalte thak jata hai. Yahan sab bhed-chaal chalte hain. Where as I have always done the exact opposite. I have always given people some thing new and a trend to follow. I have then moved on and people have followed in my footsteps. I set the trend of qawwalis with 'Tumse Milke Dil Ka' and then every one was composing a qawwali. I composed an item number 'Mehboob Mere' so many years ago and people are still following the trend,\" says Malik.And in case the audience is wondering if Anu 'sir' will retain his strict and no-nonsense avatar on the show Anu says, he hasn't and he won't change. \"See, I'm a very straight forward person. If I don't like a thing, I will say it out loud then and there. Agar achha gaoge toh kavita sunoge, warna daant,' says Malik categorically. \"These contestants don't realise their good luck. They have mentors like Sunidhi, Salim and me to guide them and correct their faults. And for that if I or any of the other judges scolds them, they shouldn't feel bad about it. They should in fact be grateful to us that we are helping them improve. Hamara time mein toh hamein guide karne wala koi tha hi nahi. We struggled for years to reach this far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12622973", "title": "Vijay and Hari to work together?", "text": "If all goes well the Superstar Vijay will be seen in Hari's next. According to industry sources, the actor met Hari recently and discussed a project too.Busy completing Murugadoss's action thriller Thuppakki, the actor has a lineup of films to work on next. After completing Thuppakki, Vijay will start Gautham Menon's forthcoming film Yohan: Adhyayam Ondru. He has also signed Madarasapattinam.With so many films, Vijay has a packed schedule. Though he didn't reveal anything about his meet with Hari, he is certainly open to work with Hari informs a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12610761", "title": "Sunny Leone still selling hard porn", "text": "Once a porn star, always a porn star! At least this stands true in Sunny Leone's case! One would think that after bagging a mainstream film like Jism 2, under Mahesh Bhatt's banner, Sunny would at least go easy on her porn star ways. But no! The lady has gone full throttle on making hay while sun shines and is selling her porn videos with nary a care for her newfound Hindi film star status.\"After Bigg Boss 5, Sunny Leone has become a household name in India and Asian subcontinent. And she seems to be reaping the benefits of this popularity by posting most daring videos on her website. This is really pathetic,\" says an industry insider on the condition of anonymity.Sunny's website loudly claims: \"All videos are now showing in HD format!\" Obviously this goes on to increase the titillation quotient of her porn videos. And those who want to view her porn videos have to shell out 99 cents per day and those who want to buy them, have to shell out much more, depending upon the degree of hard porn shown.After signing her debut Bollywood film, the lady has uploaded some xxx rated videos. This is setting a new trend in Bollywood for sure, which is not a very healthy one, adds our source.Top female porn stars in the world:Jenna Watson:Jenna, billed as the world's most famous pornstar, is a multi-millionaire. She's retired from performing, so you can forget about the fees she gets per scene.Tera Patrick:This former nurse is president, owner and lead star of Teravision, a $30 million-plus companyMaria TakagiThis AV Idol is Japan's highest paid porn starlet. Takagi, a former teen pop singer, signed a deal with a Japanese porn company called Max A worth 300 million yen-roughly $2.6 million dollars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12621105", "title": "Acting is a priority for me: Rihanna", "text": "She is a worldrenowned pop star and a true entertainer. And now, singer Rihanna is taking her showmanship one step further by making a film debut.Director Peter Berg's Battleship promises to be a special experience. Not only does this epic-scale actionadventure flick release in India five weeks ahead of the US, it also marks the acting debut of pop diva Rihanna.The Grammy Award winner stars as Petty Officer Second Class Cora Raikes, a weapons specialist on the USS John Paul Jones , a battleship that takes a final stand against invading aliens. \"Raikes kicks a lot of ass,\" says Rihanna of her character. \"She's one of the boys, and it was fun to explore such a role because I was also a tomboy as a kid. The character is full of raw energy, and it was a moment for me to be someone completely different from the kind of person that the audience is used to seeing,\" says Rihanna.Ask her how a movie role is different from performing on stage and she quips, \"It's like night and day, a whole new ball game. Being on stage is something that I'm more comfortable with. Acting is another world that I want to get into. It's a priority for me.\"Inspired by the classic naval combat game, the battle for earth in the film begins at sea with spectacular visual effects by Industrial Light &amp; Magic technicians. The special effects of Battleship have been mastered by Academy Award winner Burt Dalton. Rihanna will be joined by a cast that includes Liam Neeson , Taylor Kitsch, Alexander Skarsgaard, Brooklyn Decker and Tadanobu Asano as they battle an alien invasion.The film releases in India on April 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12617101", "title": "Racket in distribution of scholarships: Opposition", "text": "JAIPUR: The Opposition on Tuesday alleged that funds meant to provide scholarships to students from the society's socially weaker sections were being embezzled through a nexus of some bureaucrats, private schools and non-government organizations.BJP's senior legislator and former minister Gulab Chand Kataria claimed a government audit found that in Jaipur alone government funds to the tune of Rs 7 crore were embezzled.\"I believe there is a racket behind it and if a survey is carried out for the entire state the embezzled amount could be anywhere around Rs 100 crore,\" Kataria said. The racket is said to be running since 2004-05.The BJP legislator stunned the House as he alleged that some government officers stationed at the state secretariat were involved in the racket. \"I have learnt that the government has identified the students, schools and organizations who claimed the scholarships on fake credentials. The government, however, appears reluctant to take action against them,\" Kataria said.Social welfare and justice minister Ashok Bairwa, though, refuted the charge that the government was reluctant to act. \"We have lodged police complaints against the guilty in several districts,\" said Bairwa, as he mentioned about irregularities detected in Karauli, Sawai Madhopur, Bharatpur, Alwar and Baran, among other districts.The scholarships are granted by the social welfare department to students belonging to the Scheduled Caste (SC) and Scheduled Tribe (ST) categories. It was alleged that the nexus of government officials and private players, including the school management, secured these scholarships by furnishing fake details.\"In some cases the school management directly got the scholarships without giving details about the beneficiary students,' alleged Kataria. The senior legislator said children of well-to-do government officers were also seeking these scholarships that were meant for poor students from the SC/ST categories.Minister Bairwa assured the House that the government was getting a thorough audit done in the matter and was taking steps to ensure transparency in distribution of the scholarships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12616336", "title": "High drama over NRI kidnapping", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Gunshots boomed at a farmhouse in Kurukshetra as police and kidnappers of a 28-year old Canadian NRI youth of Sector 18, Navneet Singh Chatha, exchanged fire on Tuesday afternoon.The six-member gang, headed by a hardcore criminal Anil Kumar , who posed as a property dealer, had called Navneet to his office in Kurukshetra on the pretext of striking a business deal. When Navneet landed there from Chandigarh, carrying Rs 25 lakh in cash, they held him captive and asked him to call up his brother in Canada to pay a ransom of Rs 1 crore on April 9.Navneet, who had met Anil three months ago in January during his visit to India, was rescued after the firing between the abductors and a joint team of Chandigarh and Kurukshetra police.Police have arrested the kidnappers, including the mastermind Anil Kumar, Pardeep Mallik, Nitin Kumar, Sanjeev Kumar , Sukhdev and Ajit Singh . Anil is a native of Sonipat and is a proclaimed offender (PO) in three murder cases. The remaining gang members are native of different Haryana towns.After being threatened a desperate Navneet had called up his domestic help Amit on phone and asked him to hand over money kept in his house in Chandigarh.Two of the abductors -- Anil and Sanjeev -- had reached Navneet's home and collected Rs 10 lakh and some US dollars in the wee hours of Tuesday.Investigations revealed that when Navneet was in India in January this year, Anil had met him through a common friend Gagandeep Singh. During his meeting Navneet had expressed his interest in investing in land and Anil had assured him of help, claiming that he is a property dealer.That is why an unsuspecting Navneet did not think twice before venturing out to meet Anil and carried cash with him hoping to strike a deal.The police came to know about the kidnapping through the victim's elder brother Gurnit Singh.Gurnit had initially talked to the domestic help Amit from Canada and then informed the Chandigarh police control room about the kidnapping and money being taken from Navneet's home. A special investigation team (SIT) was formed, which tracked Navneet and abductors, near Kurukshetra.IG (UT) P K Srivastava said call details scrutiny of kidnappers and the victim revealed that Anil and Navneet had been in touch with each other since April 2.Navneet was not aware about the criminal background of the prime accused.Talking to media persons, Navneet said, \"It was only around 2.15pm when I heard gunshots and realized a rescue operation was going on.\"The six kidnappers and victim have been brought to Chandigarh. The accused would be produced in the district courts here on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12617896", "title": "Man falls to death from third floor", "text": "CHENNAI: A man plunged three floors to his death at an apartment complex in Anna Nagar early Tuesday morning.Police said the man slipped off the balcony wall where he was relaxing after watching a late-night IPL match. \"He could have slipped off the wall after dozing,\" said Anna Nagar inspector (Law &amp; Order) Dharmalingam.Police identified the man as D Gilbert, 34, from Kerala. He was employed in an apartment in the building to look after an ailing man in his nineties.At 1.30am, a loud thud alerted the security guard at the complex. He ran to the spot and found Gilbert motionless in a pool of blood. The body was taken to the Government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital for post-mortem.\"He was probably relaxing on the balcony when others in the house were asleep,\" said the inspector. \"Gilbert's relative, a home nurse employed in the apartment, brought him here on March 27 to care for the elderly person. He last spoke to his wife at 8pm on Monday.\"The Anna Nagar police are treating the case as an accident. A case was registered under Section 174 Criminal Procedure Code (unnatural death). The body was handed over to his family after post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12618477", "title": "No classes, meals in 6 Deogarh schools", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: At least six government-run primary schools in Deogarh district have been running in pen and paper only. While officially two to three teachers each have been posted in these schools, none of them attend. Mid-day meals are rarely served. These are the findings of a team comprising a member of the state mid-day meals monitoring committee (MDM) and two activists, raising doubts over implementation of Right to Education Act (RTE) and MDM in the state. Authorities said the matter will be probed.The team of Right to Food campaign convenor, Pradip Pradhan, MDM monitoring committee member Pradipta Nayak and child rights activist Tapan Padhi visited the schools in Tileibani block on April 3 and 4. \"While tall claims are being made about implementation of MDM and steps taken under the RTE Act, ground realities are starkly grim,\" team member Pradip Pradhan said here on Tuesday.The team's fact-finding report said Biriam primary school in Kansar panchayat, established in 1990, is shut since 2007. Though it has three teachers and 65 students, there is no school building. The students never attend classes as no teacher comes to teach. The students also do not get mid-day meals regularly. Such is the condition that a Class V student can't write his name in any language.School management committee president Lambodar Behera told the team that headmaster Samir Lal takes his signature on a blank withdrawal form and provides him with rice, dal and eggs for the MDM of 20 to 25 students against the strength of 65.Similarly, the Hiran primary school in the same panchayat has no school building. Though the government had sanctioned funds for construction of school building in 2008, only some pillars were raised. Mid-day meal has not been distributed in the school for the last five years, the report said.Teachers have not been attending the Tamper Khajurikhaman primary school in Kansar panchayat for two years though 60 students have been enrolled. Students neither study or nor get MDM. While the MDM cook has not received honorarium for past the one year, no kitchen was constructed despite Rs 50,000 being sanctioned for it. \"There are students who have never seen their teacher,\" said MDM monitoring panel member Pradipta Nayak.In two other primary schools at Bhutel and Raeda villages, MDM is not being distributed for over two years. There are just two dilapidated classrooms with asbestos roof at Bhutel having a students' strength of 45 while Raeda has no building at all. According to norms, all primary schools should have RCC roof.Director elementary education Sukadeba Dash said the government will go through the findings and inquire into the matter. \"The findings if true point to serious lapses. The government will probe the matter and take remedial action on a war footing,\" said Dash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12615722", "title": "Stock broker ends life after financial crisis", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 34-year old man committed suicide by consuming insecticide at his residence in Anandnagar on Monday night. His body was found by nearby residents who informed police officials about the incident. A suicide note from his bedroom revealed that he was in financial crunch and saw no way out.According to Anandnagar police officials, Sunil Motiyani, 34, a resident of Green Acres, Anandnagar, was found dead from his residence on Tuesday morning. He was lying on his bed with a bottle of insecticide near him.A suicide note in English stated that he had incurred heavy loss in stock market and to compensate he had borrowed money from friends and relatives. When he realized that he could not pay the money back, he resorted to suicide.\"Motiyani was leading a lonely life as his wife Kavita was living in Judges Bungalow area for past few months after an altercation with him. The nearby residents got suspicious about something wrong when he did not come out of his house as per his routine. When he did not answer any calls, the residents grew suspicious and checked on his bedroom window when he was found unconscious.Social and financial pressures might have driven him to suicide,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "12617982", "title": "Nepal Maoists under army now", "text": "KATHMANDU: Nepal's Maoists, their weapons and the seven camps they are living in came under the command of the Nepal army on Tuesday as the country's five-year-old peace process neared conclusion.\"The process of bringing the Maoist rebels under the command of the army has begun,\" said Nepal army spokesman Ramindra Chettri.\"A special committee is scheduled to meet on Wednesday to decide the composition and structure of the panel that will choose the Maoist combatants and the structure of the military directorate of which the former Maoists will be part,\" said Bhim Rawal, member of the all-party special committee on integration.\"Maoist combatants will henceforth be trained to join the army. Once the training begins, the peace process will be complete,\" said Rawal.The Maoists must now decide how many of the 9,507 Maoist combatants, who had earlier chosen to be integrated into the Nepal army, will be integrated. According to the agreement between the Maoists and other parties, only 6,500 can be integrated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12616138", "title": "Ahead of bypolls, govt to hold Praja Patham", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ahead of the bypolls to 18 assembly segments, the government has decided to hold Praja Patham, a mass contact programme, between April 15 and May 5 across the state. Praja Patham facilitates an interaction between people and public representatives, including MPs, MLAS and panchayat and municipal ward members.Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy reviewed Praja Patham-2012 with ministers and officials at Secretariat on Tuesday. He will launch the programme on April 15. He will hold a video conference on the programme with all district officials on April 11 from the Secretariat.The CM said that hereafter the same cabinet sub-committee will look after both the Praja Patham and Rachabanda programmes. He also directed the finance department to release the required funds for drinking water and other works under Contingency Relief Fund (CRF) and non-CRF.He directed officials to release Rs.25 crore immediately for shifting LT lines in the housing colonies. He also asked officials to closely monitor the 108 and 104 emergency services and ensure their prompt functioning. He wanted more hospitals to be opened in the tribal areas during the summer season.During Praja Patham, implementation of various developmental programme will be reviewed. It was decided to explain to the people about the proposed wage hike from Rs 121 per day to Rs137 per day under NREGA.The programme will ensure drinking water availability in all village panchayats/wards and 7-hour power supply to farmers. The people's representatives will study the implementation of Arogyasri and functioning of 108 and 104 services in villages. 'Pavala Vaddi' loans will be distributed to all rural and urban IKPs during the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12617316", "title": "Brain behind IT@School's success faces the sack", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After smoking out professionals appointed by the previous LDF government at the helm of various literary and cultural institutions in the state, the Oommen Chandy government is now gunning for IT@School project executive director K Anvar Sadath. Sadath has been instrumental in giving a huge fillip to IT-based education in government and aided schools across the state.According to sources, chief minister Oommen Chandy has opposed the extension of Sadath's term. The chief minister had called for the file pertaining to the extension of Sadath's tenure some time back and returned it to the education department with instructions to end his tenure at the project by March 31.The move to oust Sadath comes at a time when the project has started yielding impressive results. In fact, IT@School project had become a role model in the past few years, with even countries like Brazil showing keen interesting in adopting it.\"Generally contract terms are extended annually. I am yet to receive extension beyond March 31, 2012. However, I have not received a relieving letter from the department either,\" Sadath said. He refused to discuss the possible reasons that might have prompted the CM to intervene and direct the cancellation of his term as IT@School project director.The government recently removed Kerala State Institute of Children's Literature director Robin D'cruz and Kerala State Chalachithra Academy deputy director Sajitha Madathil. Before waiting to be sacked, Kozhikode Cyberpark chief executive officer Binu Pazhoor quit his post and went back to the US.While procedural lapses in their appointments were cited as the main reason behind the UDF government's decision to remove these officials, Sadath's removal apparently is due to political reasons. Sources said pressure from a Congress leader from Idukki district and the displeasure of some Indian Union Muslim League leaders over the director's stand towards some of their demands were the reasons for Chandy's decision.However, general education secretary M Sivasankar said there is still chance for Sadath getting his service extended. \"The file seeking extension of his service as the executive director of the project for one more year has been pending with the government,\" Sivasankar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12615456", "title": "Failed student bashes teacher with iron rod", "text": "NOIDA: A 30-year-old teacher of a private school in Noida was thrashed on Tuesday by a class IX student for stopping him from cheating in an examination. The student had failed and considered the teacher responsible for it. Police said the victim, Ajay Kumar, is a teacher of Physical Education at Lord Mahavira School in sector 29 and was attacked with an iron rod.\"I caught the student cheating red-handed along with two others in one of the exams conducted in March. I cancelled the exam sheets and gave the students fresh ones to write on. They failed when the result came out,\" said Ajay Kumar.\"On Tuesday afternoon, I was sitting alone in the teachers' room. He came hiding an iron rod behind him. He threatened to kill me. He said he won't give the exam again and hit me on the forehead just above my eye. I then fell down,\" Kumar said, adding that before he could fathom what was happening, the student gave him three more blows and sped off by scaling the school boundary wall.Ajay was rushed to Bhardwaj Hospital from where he was referred to District Hospital. He has deep cuts on his head. The doctors have detected a clot in his eye, which may also cost him his vision.The accused student is absconding. A case has been lodged under section 323 (grievous injury) against the accused student,\" said ASP, S Chinappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12617469", "title": "Felling of trees starts at EM Bypass", "text": "KOLKATA: A squall a day for the last one week has taken a toll on the greenery of the city, but the trees are facing even more serious a threat in the form of expanding Metro network. To make the matter worse, the authority in charge of saving the environment has apparently given the permission to chop trees to make way for \"development\".Drive along the EM Bypass and you will come across huge blocks of chopped trunks, branches and broken twigs for more than a kilometre between Peerless Hospital and Ajaynagar. Thousands more are waiting for the same fate to make way for the elevated Garia- Kolkata airport Metro corridor. At least 5,000 trees will have to be sacrificed along a 5.7-km stretch between Peerless Hospital and Ruby crossing, according to the forest department that has allowed the felling and has been supervising the operation. \"We have allowed the felling and are supervising the operation.Not a single tree will be chopped unless it is absolutely unavoidable. We shall also do the mandatory compensatory plantation on behalf of Rail Vikas Nigam Ltd,\" said Bidyut Halder, divisional forest officer, Kolkata.Even though the department claimed that the operation is being closely monitored to save trees wherever possible, green activists termed it a \"mindless massacre of greenery\" that could have been avoided. They also pointed out that thousands of birds and chicks - this being the nesting season - are dying due to the butchery. The ToI team saw several chicks trapped under huge iron walls that have been erected along the median.Among the trees that have been axed are babla, shirish, krishnachura and segun. Trees that have already been chopped are being carted away swiftly and electric choppers are being used to hasten the job. What is perhaps even more alarming is that the chopping won't stop with the sacrifice of 5,000 trees. It will continue after the Metro pillars come up. \"All the trees on the western flank of the Bypass will have to be axed for widening the road. That could double the loss,\" said a forest employee.According to green activist Subhas Datta, the chopping amounted to destruction in the name of development. \"The loss to environment will be immense and irreversible. Along with the trees, thousands of birds and insects will either be killed or displaced. Biodiversity will suffer. Metro will run on electricity, thus enhancing carbon emission. The alignment should have been drawn up in a way to avoid chopping,\" said Datta.Terming the Metro project a major threat to trees in Kolkata, Datta added that thousands of trees have already been chopped for the east-west Metro project. \"At this rate, we will be left with no trees but only Metro routes,\" he rued.Dipayan Dey, environment activist and chairman of SAFE - a green NGO - has written to the project manager of Rail Vikas Nigam seeking to know if they have an environment impact assessment report and the necessary environmental and forest department clearance to go ahead with the chopping. \"We are concerned about the chopping of nearly an estimated 5,000 trees and would sincerely request your office to kindly intimate us about the environmental / forest department clearance procedures undertaken and replantation / afforestation programme for compensating the loss and monitoring system installed to address this grave situation,\" the letter says.\"It is mandatory to start compensatory plantation before felling starts. In this case, it doesn't seem to have happened,\" said Dey. The Rail Vikas Nigam authorities, however, claimed that they have already paid the forest department for compensatory plantation. \"It will be done by the forest department. As far as the chopping is concerned, there was no option since the alignment has to be along the EM Bypass. But we will definitely try to minimize the damage,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12617274", "title": "Public interest litigation in high court challenges Nashik Municipal Corporation stand on leased plots", "text": "NASHIK: A public interest litigation (PIL) challenging the resolutions of the general body meetings of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) giving plots of land on lease to corporators and influential persons has been filed in the Bombay high court and is scheduled to come up for hearing on April 12.\"The Bombay Provincial Act, 1949 does not vest power in the hands of the civic commissioner to dispose any movable property valued more than Rs 500 without the state government's consent. Then under what rules have the properties been distributed by the general body,\" asked Supreme Court lawyer Balasaheb Chaudhary, who filed the PIL. In all, there are 150 such cases involving NMC properties valued at Rs 1,300 crore, and the civic body is not getting the desired revenue either.According to Chaudhary, the NMC, since 2000, was mulling the ways to give the properties on lease, but the city secretary had objected to the same, saying that since there were no rules formulated by the state government, the NMC could not take such a decision. The NMC general body, however, took a decision on the issue and announced the formation of a committee to decide the terms and conditions for the transfer. \"The NMC docket of May 2, 2005 promises to set up a committee, with the house leader, leader of opposition and group leaders as members, which will study and formulate rules. However, the committee never once met,\" Choudhary claimed.Yet, he added, the NMC adopted a resolution on June 19, 2006 to give on lease the NMC properties saying it was as per the recommendations of the corporators. The issue came under the scanner of the auditor general (AG), who noted that the properties could not be handed over to anybody without the state government's nod. The general body of the NMC on August 8, 2006 again adopted a resolution saying the properties have been given to various citizens relying on the terms and conditions formulated by the team. \"Nobody knows what are the terms and conditions. In a similar case, the Pune Municipal Corporation has framed the terms and conditions and got the state government's sanction for the same. This, therefore, is unlawful conduct by the members of the House,\" Choudhary contended.Of the many properties, Chaudhary alleged that a study centre was given to the Samartha Mahila Mandal on the recommendations of sitting BJP corporator and standing committee member Seema Hiray and she is the chairperson of the same. \"If the study centre was given by the NMC then why is it charging fees? The study centre charges Rs 100 per month per child, besides an entry fee and other costs. The NMC earns nothing,\" he pointed out, adding that his prayer to the high court is that the said resolutions be held void and the places be taken up by the NMC and public facilities like parking lots and gardens be set up there.The prominent people who have been given properties by the NMC include Seema Hiray , Kunal Patil (son of former standing committee chairman Suresh Patil, who was with the NCP but contested the recent civic polls on a BJP ticket), Arjun Tile (former city chief of the Shiv Sena), Satyabhama Gadekar (former Shiv Sena corporator), Ajay Boraste (sitting Shiv Sena corporator and standing committee member), Vasant Gite (MNS MLA), late Haaji Gayasuddin Shaikh (former education committee member and Congress corporator) and Ranjan Thakre (NCP activist).Caption for 1: Parking signs indicating an open space for parking near Patedar Bhawan, Kathe Galli. The space was taken on lease by Sharad Patel, president, Kutch Kadwa Patidar Samaj, for plantation purpose but is being used for parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12618137", "title": "Drive to make auto drivers fall in line", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore city traffic police will launch a special drive to ensure that autorickshaw drivers display their photo identity cards. The drive, to be carried out at the behest of state police chief's office, aims at making passengers feel safe and eliminate drivers without driving licence (DL).The ID proof will also help curb the fleecing of commuters, especially during night hours, by some drivers and to stop them from refusing to ferry them. The cards will be displayed inside the vehicle in such a way that the passengers can easily see the details of the driver like name, DL number and address. Police are chalking out a plan to ensure that all drivers display their details via cards.The drive will put some drivers in a difficult situation. A driver claimed this will inconvenience hundreds of drivers as many are not eligible for DL because of educational criterion. About 15-20% of drivers lack licences, but have mastered skills in driving over the years. \"The new decision may put such drivers in trouble,\" he said.RTO (west) Siddappa Kaller told TOI that education is essential for a driver to understand traffic regulation clearly. One needs to have reached VIII level of education to get licence to drive autorickshaw.When contacted, police commissioner K L Sudheer confirmed that they received direction on this score and that they are discussing as it requires investment.An officer claimed the city has some 13,000 autorickshaws and they need at least Rs 100 for each auto to distribute ID cards, which means an investment of lakhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12615508", "title": "Poor weather condition: 12 Delhi-bound flights land in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: At least 12 Delhi-bound flights were diverted to Jaipur after poor weather condition in the national capital made it impossible for these planes to land there. Hundreds of passengers were stranded at the Sanganer airport for two hours before the flights departed for Delhi.\"The first diverted flight came at 5.30 pm followed by 11 others till 8 pm. Among all the diverted passengers, 33 were allowed to deboard the flights as they were scheduled to arrive in Jaipur,\" said Paul Manickam, airport director, Sanganer Airport.The diverted flights included Jet Airways , SpiceJet, Indigo and GoAir and were coming from different cities including Hyderabad, Bangalore, Mumbai, Coimbatore and Ahmedabad. The diverted flights could leave for Delhi only after the Air Traffic Control (ATC) signalled clear visibility in Delhi at 8.30pm.Within 30 minutes all the flights left for Delhi. The ATC remained in touch with the Delhi airport authorities to get the latest update on the situation. A few airlines hired luxury buses to ferry passengers to Delhi. \"We had kept buses on standby. In case of any emergency, passengers can travel to Delhi in buses,\" said an official of a private airline. The fog cover surprisingly didn't affect the trains.There was a little respite from the ongoing spell of blistering heat as some parts in northern Rajasthan witnessed mild rainfall. Chittorgath remained coolest in the state and recorded a maximum temperature of 42.0 degree Celsius, the met reports said on Tuesday.However, the met office in its forecast said that after a few days the mercury would take an upward swing and maximum temperatures across the state would be on the rise.Attributing the climatic change to the active western disturbances the met office said that the mercury would be on downward swing across the state in the next couple of days.Many places in northern Rajasthan especially the Shekhawati region of the state including Jhunjhunu and Churu witnessed drizzle in the afternoon. The sudden showers gave some relief from the blistering heat conditions as mercury took dipped in Churu, Jhunjhunu and Sikar.Jaipurities woke up to a pleasant morning but the afternoon turned hot as the city witnessed a maximum temperature of 39.3 degrees Celsius, almost 2 degrees above the normal maximum temperature. The roads in the city wore a deserted look in the afternoon. In the evening people from every walk of life thronged at the juice parlors and other outlets to get the chilled beverages.The showers decreased the temperature in some regions where the mercury was above 40 degrees Celsius for last several days. Chittorgarh recorded a maximum of 42 and was followed by Kota that witnessed a maximum temperature of 41.9 degrees Celsius, Churu 40.9, Jaisalmer 40.8, Vanasthali 40.6, Uaipur 39.5, Ajmer 39.4 and Pilani recorded a maximum temperature of 38.6 degrees Celsius.The met office said the western disturbances may bring rain and dust storms across the state in the next 48 hours in northern Rajasthan. However, the weather would mainly remain dry in western, eastern and southern parts of the state.Met office in its forecast said that later this week would witness its maximum temperatures above 41.0 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12617486", "title": "Squall uproots trees in the Lake area", "text": "KOLKATA: You might have thanked the rain god for the nor'wester that brought down the temperature by a few notches on Monday. But on the flip side, it did have a side-effect that you would have never bargained for a cool summer evening. The gusty wind of the nor'wester wrecked havoc on the greenery and wiped out a number of tress from the landscape of the city.After an hour-long squall on Monday, scores of trees were found toppled on the roads, especially in Southern Avenue. The damage to greenery in the leafy lake area - considered to be the lung of south Kolkata - was extensive. At least 20 trees were uprooted here while more than a hundred were severely damaged.With a wind speed of 90 km, Monday's storm ranked close in intensity to last week's nor'wester that uprooted trees as well. The damage in the lake area was similar to the one caused by the Aila that had struck in 2009. A huge tree collapsed on the pavement opposite Lake Kalibari, bringing down the boundary wall of a club. At least a dozen has lost their branches near the Calcutta Rowing Club. Next to them, around six have been completely uprooted.Half-a-dozen more have been uprooted inside the premises of a club. \"Trees toppled like ninepins once the wind started blowing. They collapsed one after another in a span of 10 minutes. It was scary and could have been fatal,\" said a member of the Calcutta Rowing Club who had a close shave inside the club premises.Experts said unplanned plantation and lack of proper tending were responsible for the damage. \"Pavements have been extended in the lake area without leaving enough space for trees to take roots. Saplings have been planned unscientifically without enough space between them. Also, these trees are hardly taken care of. The Kolkata Improvement Trust and the Kolkata Municipal Corporation, it seems, have taken no lesson from the Aila,\" said green activist Subhas Datta.Sudipto Bhattacharya, another environment activist, echoed, \"Trees collapse routinely after every nor'wester. Since nor'westers have been happening regularly this season, it's now a matter of concern. At this rate, the loss of trees would be quite extensive.\"The experts feel it's an irreversible loss as the uprooted trees can't be saved. \"It takes a lot of effort to save and replant them. It is also very expensive and needs expertise that isn't easily available,\" said Datta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12617508", "title": "Ulfa calls for Assam bandh on April 20", "text": "GUWAHATI: Protesting against the proposed visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , the anti-talks faction of Ulfa on Tuesday called for an \" Assam Bandh\" on April 20. \"The outfit has called for a day- long bandh to protest against the Prime Minister's visit on April 20\", an e-mail sent by the outfit to the local media said. The Prime Minister is scheduled to inaugurate the platinum jubilee celebration of the state assembly on that day.Earlier, the event was scheduled to be held on April 7 which was the outfit's \"raising day\" but subsequently the Prime Minister's visit was cancelled. \"The Ulfa will oppose the visit as many cadres have been eliminated by the Indian security forces in the past\", the mail said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12615776", "title": "Chenna Reddy makes unceremonious exit", "text": "HYDERABAD: The wild goose treasure chase by state archaeology department director P Chenna Reddy has finally cost him his job. Despite six ministers reportedly recommending an extension of one year service for him, a miffed tourism and culture minister Vatti Vasant Kumar on Tuesday gave the marching orders to Chenna Reddy as he completed his tenure. Subsequently, Chenna Reddy has gone back to his parent job as professor, department of epigraphy and written records in the school of history, culture and archaeology at Telugu University. Tourism commissioner Sabyasachi Ghosh was given temporary charge of director of state archaeology department. An advertisement is expected to be placed soon to zero down on Chenna Reddy's successor.\"This is the government, not a private company to give so many extensions to one officer. Chenna Reddy completed his term and has been relieved of charges,\" tourism minister Vasant Kumar told TOI. Apparently, the tourism minister was very miffed with Chenna Reddy over the manner the latter insisted on going ahead with the treasure hunt at Naubat Pahad hills despite a call for restraint from the minister. The sources said that Chenna Reddy lobbied for another year's extension in the job with the intention of carrying forward the treasure hunt but that despite six ministers pressing for his case, Vasant Kumar was hell-bent on seeing the last of the official.Sources said when Chenna Reddy launched his frenzied treasure hunt at Vidyaranya School on the foothills of Naubat Pahad in the third week of February, the school authorities had made an urgent plea to Chenna Reddy that the same be deferred by two days as the students were in the midst of appearing for their annual examinations. \"However, Chenna Reddy refused to suspend it. The school authorities then rushed to Vasant Kumar but despite the minister asking the director to halt the hunt, the latter refused to do so,\" said the sources. An angry tourism minister then directed Chandana Khan, special chief secretary, tourism, to immediately relieve Chenna Reddy and repatriate him to Telugu University, his parent department. \"But Chandana Khan told Vatti that Chenna Reddy had only a few days left for his tenure to end, and it was decided to wait till then,\" the sources said. And that wait ended on Tuesday. The advertisement for new director of archaeology department will be placed in a couple of weeks, the sources said.Analysts say that the directorate touched a new low during the tenure of Chenna Reddy with little efforts being made to scientifically conserve and preserve the rich heritage of the state. \"We can say that the department took a backward step in the Chenna Reddy regime,\" an analyst said. Initially appointed for two years, Chenna secured two extensions of one-year each before he was allowed to exit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12615896", "title": "Bopal immolation bid: Cops grope in dark", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The girl who fled from the AMTS bus after allegedly starting a fire on Monday evening was traced to Sola civil hospital by Bopal police officials late on Monday night. Police investigators said that the girl is still unconscious and they have not been able to record her statement on the matter.On Monday, an AMTS bus on Lal Darwaja to Ghuma route had reported fire near Sterling City in Bopal at 7.30 pm. The Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials got to know that a woman in early twenties had poured petrol on herself and had tried to immolate self. Howver she changed her mind and dashed out of the bus, but this act ignited fire in interiors of the bus that injured three women.The girl has been identified as Pragati Rajput, 20, a native of Dhandhuka. \"In the primary investigation, we established her identity from the identity card that we got from the bus itself in her bag that she left behind. She had come to the city to appear in second year Bachelor of Arts exam at a college in Ellisbridge and is living at her uncle's place in Bopal. She had boarded the bus from Iskcon circle.We are yet to know why she tried to immolate selfShe has sustained burn injuries in the incident,\" said a Bopal police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12616965", "title": "MLA Rathore's 'height' of plight", "text": "JAIPUR: Former BJP minister Rajendra Rathore is dogged by problems and his sob saga is unending, it seems. His lawyers filed an application in the court on Tuesday arguing that the politician, who is about six-ft tall, while the blankets given to him are merely 4.5-ft long making it difficult for him to sleep properly.The mosquito menace has also made life miserable. Rathore's lawyers pleaded to the court to allow him to buy blankets and other items like foam mattresses, pillows, mosquito coils and a cooler.The move to file the application appeared quite desperate as similar application had been submitted in the court on Monday also when the judicial custody of Rathore was extended till April 16.Rathore could not be present in the court for hearing in Dara Singh fake encounter case on Monday which is being attributed largely to his deteriorating health due to lack of facilities in the jail.The court had ruled on Monday that whatever could be permitted as per the jail manual should be allowed for Rathore. In his application filed on Monday, he had requested for a cooler and permission to call up his wife on Sundays.\"In another application, the accused had listed a number of items including quilts, mattress, mosquito coils and a cooler. He has pleaded that Rathore has high BP due to which he may be granted these facilities,\" said CBI's special public prosecutor Sarfarz Haider Khan.The application was filed in the court of Addl CJM (II) as special CBI court was not in session. The CBI counsel argued the special CBI court had already passed orders in this regard. \"It was argued that filing another application meant reviewing order of special CBI court which has passed orders in this regard already. Besides, first the accused should have checked with jail authorities whether these items are permissible as per jail manuals,\" said Khan. The court has reserved its decision for Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12618453", "title": "IPL 2012 fever: Smart phone applications developed to give live coverage", "text": "CHENNAI: Indians may notbedoing greaton the cricketing field of late , but they are possibly the best when it comes to the game in the virtual world .Several smart phone applications developed by Indians are making waves as the IPL fever spreads . While IPL Mania, an Android app, gives you live coverage of the game and trivia on your favourite team, IPL Dugout, another free app, brings the cricket extravaganza to your mobile phone through voiceovers anddetailedscoreboards with a bit of history for good measure .Cricket Empires, another app, lets users organize their own IPL games and play them too. Also thrown in is a rangeof stadiums, gymnasiums, team offices and training centres to choose from . Most of these apps are developed by Indians who often remain anonymous .If all you want are cricket scores, there are plenty of apps for iPhone and in the Android market to choose from . A search in the Android market throws up more than a hundred new apps to follow IPL 5. IPL Cricket Fever lets you play your own IPL game . IPL Mania, gives you the profiles of different IPL teams, history and structure, news updates and tweets of your favourite teams .Shiva Sankar, a software engineer with an IT company in the city, is one of several Chennai Super Kings fans who use the IPL apps . \"I can be anywhere and still enjoy CSK matches,\" he says . He recently discovered IPL Dugout, which lets him listen to real-time voice scores . The app also alerts him about important matches . \"It's great fun even when you are stuck in traffic,\" says Sankar .Cricket Empires is on Facebook and its mobile platforms enable users to organize a virtual IPL 5 with all its sounds and sights .Gopalan Raveendran, a senior professor at the University of Madras and a social media expert, says there is a mad rush to create apps on mobile platforms.\"The people who create the most popular applications usually remain anonymous while platforms like Android of Google and iTunes of Apple profit from the apps. The applications are profitable for companies while the people who generate the ideas and develop the apps are not paid,\" he says, adding that trends and features of new apps emerge from user-generated content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12617230", "title": "Nartan Kala Niketan performs in Scotland", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Nartan Kala Niketan was invited for a two-hour lecture-cum-demonstration on sattriya dance by the Edinburgh University Vedic Society, Scotland on March 20.Ramkrishna Talukdar along with his wife Rumi Talukdar and disciple Mridusmita Das led a troupe of total nine artistes to Edinburgh for an exclusive sattriya extravaganza. The group, representing the rich culture of Assam was invited by a dance institute in Edinburgh, Dance Ihayami.Nartan Kala Niketan began their performance with a 'vandana' followed by a 'Totoi Madhu Danav'- a duet by Rumi Talukdar and Mridusmita Das. The performance was soon followed by Ramkrishna Talukdar's presentation of 'Krishna Katha Varnanam'. Mridusmita Das rendered a solo performance of 'Ram Vandana'.This was followed by a performance by the budding artistes of Nartan Kala Niketan with Krishna Vandana followed by Krishna Nritya. The next piece put before the Scotland dance institute was the famous 'Dasavataar' by Tusti Tanaya Saharia. Gunjan Talukdar and Shabnam Borgoyari paid a tribute to Dr Bhupen Hazarika by performing to his tune of 'Dola he Dole'. The artistes performed 'Bhortal' in the grand finale.Nartan Kala Niketan was definitely successful in captivating the audience with their performance. On March 25, they gave a lecture-cum-demonstration on sattriya dance, covering a wide range of topics like Maati Akhara, Ankiya Naat, the elements of 'Nritta, Nritya and Natya', Navraas, Hasta (hand gestures) and the costumes and instruments involved.On March 27, the troupe showcased sattriya dance at Sankardev International Cultural Centre established by the overseas Assamese led by Karuna Sagar Das at Slowgh, London , which was inaugurated by chief minister Tarun Gogoi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12618804", "title": "Confusion mars re-exam meant for Institute of Distance and Open Learning pupils", "text": "MUMBAI: Confusion marked the re-examination of the business economics paper meant for 612 students from Institute of Distance and Open Learning (IDOL) on Tuesday.Several repeaters, who filled their forms through their colleges , had claimed that they too received the wrong question paper on March 27 and were entitled to a re-exam . The University of Mumbai, however, said their attempts under the old syllabus were over and should have appeared for the 100-mark revised syllabus paper.On Tuesday, several such students, who are also called \"regular repeaters\" by the university , landed up at 3-4 of the total 19 centres meant for the IDOL students' re-exam .Said a student who visited Rizvi College on Tuesday but was turned away: \"The university now tells us that we have exhausted our attempts under the old syllabus and should have attempted the 100-mark paper under the revised syllabus on March 27. We have lost this attempt and will have to appear under the new syllabus.\"Of the 612 students, only 135 took the re-exam on Tuesday , said a university release.According to the university, many of the 612 students appeared for the fresh question paper on March 27 itself. While the university received complaints of regular repeaters seeking reexam only at Rizvi College (Bandra ) and Agrawal College (Kalyan), more than 15 students went to Burhani College (Byculla ) and were turned away.On March 27, the university distributed the wrong question paper for students appearing under the old syllabus . After several students pointed out the mistake, officials sent a fresh question paper via email. Many of the 19 centres received the question paper late; as a result, the students had to write the paper till the evening.Initially, the university claimed that students from only one centre were affected; however, the number of centres later increased to four.Explaing the situation , director of examinations Subhash Deo said: \"The syllabus was revised in 2010-11 , after which regular students from colleges should have got only three attempts to clear the subject ; this exhausted in October 2011. Now, they have to appear under the revised syllabus . Students from the distance education programme get five attempts under the old syllabus and were the ones to receive the wrong paper.\"A professor said: \"Earlier, only two sets of question papers were given to students. This year, with a change in the paper pattern, there are three sets for fresh students, regular repeater and IDOL pupils.Re-test called off: RumoursEven as more than 85,400 TYBCom students are set to appear for the re-examination of the Marketing and Human Resources Management (MHRM) paper on Wednesday, there were rumours about cancellation of the test on Tuesday.Students are not only reportedly getting SMSs on \"important questions\" , but also about cancellation of the test owing to a \"paper leak\" in the re-exam . The university dismissed the rumours, saying the paper had not been leaked and that students should ignore misleading messages. In case of any problem, students can call the university's exam section on 2652 6285/ 2654 3413/14/15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12618462", "title": "Your diet decides your address", "text": "CHENNAI: When Himani Datar moved to Chennai, her family found it hard to rent a house as they are non-vegetarians. \"We wanted a house in Anna Nagar and so agreed to the landlord's condition that we would not eat non-vegetarian food on the premises,\" says the homemaker. They made the adjustment but it was a tough decision to live with as her children were used to eating meat.For non-vegetarians like her, finding suitable housing in some parts of the city is a challenge. Parvathy S, who lived with her colleagues in an apartment complex near Anna Salai, remembers sneaking in packets of sausages. \"We rented the place as it was close to work but missed the food we were used to,\" she says. \"Occasionally, we would cook meat with all the windows closed. We were careful not to let our neighbours know as the contract said we couldn't cook non-vegetarian food.\"Landlords say that they introduce such strict rules to accommodate different tenants' needs. \"Some of the other tenants complained about the smell of meat and fish so I don't rent my apartments to nonvegetarians,\" says a landlord in Mandaveli.Vegetarian enclaves are common even in cities like Mumbai as certain communities prefer to live together. Though builders are promoting all-vegetarian apartment complexes now, Chennai has always had vegetarian strongholds. \"The Komti Chettys and Vaishyas from Andhra Pradesh, primarily settled in north Madras, are largely vegetarian. In Sowcarpet, which is dominated by Gujaratis and Marwaris, many flat complexes don't allow non-vegetarians,\" says cultural historian Nanditha Krishna. Landlords in areas such as Mylapore, where there is a sizeable Brahmin population, also prefer vegetarians.Some of these enclaves go back to the British period. Families lived in large houses with rooms arranged around a courtyard. \"Each room was rented to a different family. Since they lived so close to each other, it was convenient to insist that everyone practise vegetarianism,\" says Krishna.While vegetarianism in the West is oriented towards animal rights, in India it had more to do with religious identity. But this is changing with more people going vegetarian by choice.In 1991, Krishna Chand Chordia, a member of the Indian Vegetarian Congress, decided to set up a vegetarian village after visiting one in Israel. \"In 1990, I visited Amirim, a vegetarian village where Jews, Christians and Muslims live together,\" says Chordia. He identified land in Puzhal and set up Chandda Prabhoo Vegetarian Village in which 12 families live.Nearby is an all-vegetarian apartment block with six families. \"We had lived with neighbours who ate non-vegetarian food. We moved here as we wanted to be with like-minded people,\" says Sumathy Dayalaraj, a science teacher.Vegetarians say they are not discriminating but just following their choices. Businessman Daman Prakash linked up with five vegetarian friends to build an apartment block in T Nagar. \"Though we are from different states, we have the same food habits, so we decided to buy property together,\" says Prakash. \"It's not a religious choice but a lifestyle choice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12618183", "title": "Garbage heaps make life hell for residents", "text": "HUBLI: The umpteen promises and claims of elected representatives notwithstanding, residents of Toravihakkal and Chennapeth in Hubli are living a life full of inadequacies.Bad roads, garbage-filled drains and unscientific garbage disposal system have made their life hell.The main road which connects Channapeth road from Kasabapeth has not seen any kind of facelift in the recent past. The road has become a nightmare for motorists and pedestrians alike.Sushila Katare, a resident of Toravi Hakkala said lack of good roads is one of the many problems they face on a daily basis.\"People residing on both the sides of the road are suffering due to dust emanating from the road whenever vehicles pass. Drains are filled with garbage and have become useless. These have become a breeding ground for mosquitoes,\" Sushila said.The damaged street lights near the bridge serve no purpose. Due to this, motorists find it hard to travel during night time, she added.Ashok B K, a resident of Channapeth, said the lack of garbage container in the area is causing inconvenience to people. \"The corporation workers do not clean the containers regularly. Due to stink emanating from the spot, people throw garbage to the container from a distance. This has worsened the situation. Moreover, we receive drinking water once in a week from the corporation,\" he said.HDMC mayor Pandurang Patil told TOI that the tarring work on the road connecting Chennapeth and Kasabapeth will start soon. Other civic problems will also be taken care of.Due to water distribution problem in Nehru Nagar tank, there is a delay in water supply at Aravind Nagar and surrounded areas. However, residents are getting water once in 4-5 days, he claimed. He said the garbage-carrying vehicles are roaming in all areas and requested the public to give their garbage bags to them, instead of throwing it outside the containers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12615642", "title": "Lanka stand on Kudankulam draws Tamil fire", "text": "CHENNAI: Sri Lanka's stand on the upcoming Kudankulam nuclear power project in Tamil Nadu has triggered a volley of protests from pro-Tamil outfits, including some which had taken an anti-nuclear stand. If nothing, Colombo's posturing by raising objections to nuclear installations on India's southern coast could swing the mood in the state in favour of the project and bring some of the rival political outfits and Tamils groups on the same side of the fence, say political observers.DMK president M Karunanidhi on Tuesday slammed Sri Lanka for raking up the Kudankulam issue, pointing out that the project was sanctioned several years ago and work on it had begun some time back. \"The Kudankulam nuclear power project did not start yesterday. It has been there for a long time. Today, if Sri Lanka raises doubts about the project, it is not acceptable. I don't have to tell what the central government has to do. I am sure they will act appropriately,\" he said. Karunanidhi's remarks came a day after Colombo voiced concern over the possible impact of radiation from India's nuclear power plants in the southern region and threatened to raise the issue with global atomic watchdog IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ).Actor Vijayakanth's DMDK too reacted strongly to Sri Lanka's objection. \"It is our issue. We won't allow any foreign country to play politics here,\" said DMDK MLA S Michael Rayappan. Kudankulam falls within the Radhapuram assembly constituency in Tirunelveli district and the DMDK has for long demanded that the Indian government first allay the apprehensions of the locals before going ahead with the project.Reacting to Lanka's sudden aggressive posturing on the issue, former President of India A P J Abdul Kalam said there was no need for concern. He was of the view that there could be a misunderstanding. \"I have not studied the entire report. There may be a misunderstanding. There is no need for concern,\" Kalam told mediapersons in Delhi.For the anti-nuclear protesters in Kudankulam, who remained firm that the project should be scrapped, Sri Lanka's stand has come as a shot in the arm. People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) convenor S P Udayakumar said there was nothing unusual in Colombo's reaction. \"They have legitimate concerns. There have been similar situations elsewhere. The Czech Republic's neighbours had expressed concern over the nuclear power plant in Temelin. Nuclear energy issues can be international concerns.\" He declined to comment further on Sri Lanka's stand. However, he said, \"Karunanidhi has no moral right to criticize the Sri Lankan government. He himself never talked about the Kudankulam issue for a long time\".PMK deputy general secretary A Viyanarasu, who has been opposing the Kudankulam power project, said Sri Lanka had all rights to express their concern. \"There may be a political motive behind their reaction. They may be playing pressure politics against India for voting in favour of the resolution on war crimes. But nuclear energy will be a threat to everyone. And this apprehension cuts across community, religion and territorial borders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12609248", "title": "Shocking revelation in Kyaa Hua Tera Vaada", "text": "Sweet story, fresh emotions and now a shocking revelation is all set to take Sony EntertainmentTelevision's Kyaa Hua Tera Vaada on a new dramatic high.Celebrations are on in the family to bring in Alok and Suhasi's 35th wedding anniversary.Mona the dutiful daughter-in-law has planned a grand party and is all set to make her beloved in laws take the vows again in a sweet little ceremony. Finally the D-day is here, festivities are on and at Suhasi's insistence Mona also agrees to renew her vows with Pradeep at the same function. Mona has always believed that she and Pradeep are made for each other and nothing in this world can keep them apart. However this loving wife and dutiful daughter-in-law is totally oblivious to what her husband is up to.Pradeep in order to fill the void of romance in his life is having an affair with Anoushka his boss and ex-flame who is also present at the party. Pradeep has so far been successful in hiding his relationship from his wife, however after a lot of hits and misses, amidst all the fun and revelry, a sudden unfortunate turn of events finally leads Mona to the two of them. Will the truth come out finally and Pradeep's muted secret be exposed? What will Mona do after she finds out about the affair ?Catch this exciting episode of Kyaa Hua Tera Vaada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616873", "title": "BSP to field 3 candidates for legislative council polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) on Tuesday announced that it will field three candidates in the forthcoming legislative council elections. The names of the candidates will be released by the party supremo Mayawati in next couple of days. Significantly, BSP has only 80 MLAs in the assembly, through which it can safely elect two members for the legislative council. However, the party has decided to field three hoping that it may succeed in cross voting by MLAs of rival parties or smaller parties and independents.The decision to field three candidates was taken at a meeting of party co-ordinators presided by Mayawati. The meeting was called to take feedback of restructuring of party organisation underway after losing recent assembly elections. It was also decided to celebrate Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar's birth anniversary on April 14 in a big way across the state. The party also took stock of the present political scenario to decide future course of action. Mayawati asked party leaders to take up every act of violence and atrocity on the cadre under the Samajwadi Party (SP) rule with the competent authorities.The legislative council elections for 13 seats falling vacant in May will be held on April 26. Election of a candidate for council will require votes of 29 MLAs. The BSP has 80 MLAs. With 58 MLAs, the party can safely elect two candidates, but will fall short of seven MLAs for electing the third candidate. This means, in order to ensure victory of the third candidate, BSP will have to rely on cross-voting by MLAs of rival parties. The names of the likely candidates taking rounds include former speaker Sukhdeo Rajbhar. Sunil Chitor, party co-ordinator whose term in legislative council is expiring in May, can also be re-nominated. Sources said that Mayawati can also nominate two dalits for the council to reiterate her commitment for party's core vote bank and third name could be of a person who is resourceful and competent of engineering cross voting.The BSP at present enjoys majority in the 100 member legislative council. Out of 13 seats falling vacant, SP with 224 MLAs can safely nominate seven members. Congress-RLD combination with 37 seats in state assembly and BJP with 48 can nominate one candidate each. There are six independent MLAs and nine belonging to smaller parties in the assembly. These 15 MLAs (independent and smaller parties) will be the most sought after for the legislative council elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12618162", "title": "'No horse trading in RS polls this time'", "text": "RANCHI: All major political parties have started making strategy to ensure \"no horse trading\" by maintaining distance from Independent candidates in the biennial election to the two Rajya Sabha seats, dates for which was announced by the Election Commission on Tuesday.Earlier, the commission had countermanded the election over allegations of use of money power and horse trading. Now, the election will be held on May 3. Nominations can now be filed up to April 23 and scrutiny will be done the next day. Last date for the withdrawal of nomination is April 26. Polling would be held on May 3 between 9 AM to 4 PM and counting to be done the same day at 5 PM. The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM), which had to face embarrassment as many of its legislators proposed the name of an Independent candidate, has decided to issue diktat to the MLAs.\"We will soon announce the party official candidate's name and MLAs will be instructed not to propose for any other candidate,\" JMM spokesperson Supriyo Bhattacharya said.On the other hand, Congress has started convincing all opposition parties including Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) to support its candidate to avoid horse trading.Congress spokesperson Radha Krishna Kishore said: \"No single party has sufficient vote to ensure victory of even one candidate and this had helped Independent candidate like RK Agarwal to woo MLAs. We will request all opposition parties to support of candidate and ensure horse trading free election.\"On the day of polling (March 30), the income tax had seized Rs 2.15 crore from a four-wheeler of an associate of Agarwal. After the seizure the election was countermanded.State BJP president Dineshanand Goswami said that the party had never promoted horse trading and all the MLAs voted in favour of JMM candidate. \"We voted for our nominee of our alliance partner JMM. To ensure that no complication is there this time, we will soon call a meeting of the MLAs and senior party leaders to decide the strategy,\" Goswami said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12618190", "title": "Chouhan urges Centre to reconsider Food Act", "text": "BHOPAL: With the three-day shut down call by traders against the Food Security Act entered second day on Tuesday spilling innumerable problems for the commoners, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan urged the UPA government to reconsider the Act as it would adversely affect small time traders.Chouhan said that the implementation of the Act would adversely affect the livelihoods of small time businessmen and common people, an official release stated here. He further said that the Act would benefit global food companies at the cost of the common people and small time businessmen.However, he did not mention anything about the plight of the common people, who have been suffering for the past two days due to the strike.Chouhan also opposed this Act in a recent letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. The chief minister stated in his letter that the small time businessmen would come on the verge of bankruptcy post implementation of the Act. He said that provisions and rules of the Act pertaining to small time traders should be reconsidered within a timeframe. Implementation on the Act's provisions should be delayed till the government reconsidered it.Chouhan urged the Union government to keep the arrangements for making available safe food materials to the common people under the Act in a practical manner. He said that the intention of the government was to make available healthy and safe food to people and not push the small time traders into unemployment.Drawing attention of the Centre to the discrepancies in the Act, the chief minister said that due to its provisions, it would become difficult for smaller traders to run their business on roadsides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12621461", "title": "Bittoo Boss team relish Tundey ke kebabs", "text": "The team of \"Bittoo Boss\" had their agenda fixed even before they landed in Lucknow for a promotional tour yesterday.Even before the media interaction began, all four - Pulkit Samrat and Amita Pathak, director Supavitra Babul and music composer Raghav Sachar feasted on the popular Tundey ke kebabs and paranthas.In fact, musician and the biggest motivation for coming here. \"I simply love the food of your city and so does my family. And that's why I have had lots of it packed to take back home or my mom will be after my life for not bringing it for her.\"Babul too couldn't help but praise the city grub. \"I've fallen in love with Lucknow. I love non-veg food here. In fact, just for that I don't mind coming and shooting a film here. Not doubting the beauty of the city, though,\" he laughed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12615876", "title": "Charminar tops pollution chart", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Charminar area has dislodged city's pollution \"chart toppers\" Punjagutta and Paradise crossroads to emerge the most polluted in the city. The worrying trend was recorded by the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board (APPCB) in 2011.The air quality is measured by determining the quantity of 12 different components. Experts say that the most worrying aspect is the high Respirable Particulate Matter (RSPM) mostly emitted from automobiles that affects health. Figures obtained from the PCB for 2011show that Charminar recorded 105 microgram of RSPM per cubic metre (mpcm) as against 99 mpcm measured in 2010. On the other hand, Punjagutta showed a marked decrease from 109 mpcm in 2010 to 99 mpcm in 2011.Besides this, the quantity of RSPM in Charminar is way above the annual average of 60 mpcm, a standard set by the Central Pollution Control Board. These particles measuring less than 10 micro metres are inhaled easily and can cause asthma, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disorder ( COPD ) besides being linked to the risk of lung cancer.While health is of prime concern, the heavy pollution is causing irreversible damage to the majestic monument itself. The increasing blackening of the structure has been attributed to air pollution. The diversion of the buses which was meant to check pollution levels in the area has not helped since there is no restriction on the other vehicular traffic.\"Though we are moving towards cleaner fuels and efficient automobiles, the pollution is on the rise because of the increase in number of vehicles,\" said an official from the PCB. Additional commissioner of traffic C V Anand seconded his notion. \"The vehicular traffic density mostly comprising two-wheelers and autos passing through Charminar is very high. Autos are likely to be main cause of pollution. But the numbers are still lower considering what could have happened if heavy vehicles and buses were to ply on the Madina-Gulzar Houz stretch,\" he said.Interestingly, the measurements taken from June to October 2011 showed a huge drop in air pollution compared to the annual average. During this period motorists were not allowed to go towards Charminar and were diverted at Gulzar Houz, as the GHMC had taken up Charminar Pedestrianisation Project (CPP) work. Given that the CPP plan envisages lowering air pollution levels through effective traffic management, it might just be the only long term solution to control the air pollution in the area. Is the GHMC listening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12618209", "title": "Cops arrests notorious criminal, aide", "text": "GURGAON: A notorious criminal and his associate have been arrested by the crime branch of Sohna police. The accused have been identified as Mubin alias Taufik alias Rama and Sabbir, resident of Palpur village of Alwar district in Rajasthan. Sohna police have lodged an FIR against the duo. A senior police officer said that they have recovered a country-made pistol and a stolen bike from their possession.According to the police, Mubin is one of the most wanted criminals in north India with over 40 cases of robbery and dacoity in Delhi, Gurgaon, Haryana and Rajasthan filed in his name. On Monday night, when the crime branch team of Sohna was on patrol, inspector Inderjit Singh reported that Mubin and his partner were coming to Gurgaon. The police team blocked a portion on the Sohna Road near GD Goenka School. As Mubin and Sabbir came from the Sohna side on a bike, they were stopped by the police team. The duo tried to flee the spot but the police fired shots and Sabbir was struck by a bullet on his right hip, following which he fell from the bike. It was then that the police managed to capture the two. Police produced Mubin in a city court and he was sent to four days of police remand. The team of Sohna police, meanwhile, admitted the injured Sabbir to a general hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12616284", "title": "Ruling party wins 23 out of 33 seats", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bhartiya Janta Party on Tuesday had something to rejoice for after humiliation of Mansa bypoll recently. Of the 32 local bodies seats for which elections were held on Sunday, BJP won 22 seats - a gain of 10 seats. The Congress could manage to win only nine seats. On one seat BJP candidate was declared winner unopposed.One seat in Porbander Nagarpalika, the constituency of Gujarat Pradesh Congress President Arjun Modhwadia, was bagged by an Independent candidate Malde Balu Odedara.Similarly, on one seat in Nadiad Nagarpalika, BJP candidate was declared elected unopposed. Of the eight nagarpalika seats, the BJP won five, while two seats were won by Congress and one was by Independent candidate.Of the three district panchayat seats for which byelection were held, BJP won two, while one was bagged by the Congress. State Election Commission said that of the 20 taluka panchayat seats, BJP won 14 while the Congress candidates won the remaining six seats.The BJP claimed they had won seats in the areas where the Congress leaders were representing the constituency. In Bhavnagar, according to BJP leaders, the Congress candidate even lost his deposit in Talaja municipality seat poll.In addition, BJP came to power in Palanpur taluka panchayat.The elections to six seats of the taluka panchayat were held after six Congress members had resigned. BJP has captured Pethapur municipality in Gandhinagar district by winning one seat. Pethapur was the area of Shankersinh Vaghela, chairman of the party's state election campaign committee.The BJP also wons on two municipality seats, two district panchayat seats and one taluka panchayat seat in Kheda and Anand districts.For the Congress, the only consolation was that it snatched two seats from the BJP in Kheralu area. The Congress also won Sarasiya district panchayat seat in Amreli. The seat was earlier with BJP.In Ahmedabad taluka also the Congress won Detroj seat. The opposition leaders alleged that BJP misused the administration to win byelections.BJP spokesperson said that the people of Gujarat have once again supported the party's politics of development led by chief minister Narendra Modi , and have slapped the negative politics of Congress.The ruling party said that Shankarsinh Vaghela, Shaktisinh Gohil and Arjun Modhwadia always work with anti-Gujarat and anti-development mentality and hence the Congress lost even in the areas that were considered its strongholds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12616749", "title": "Science students can postpone practical tests", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Here is some good news for XII (Science) students who are facing two exams on the same day. In order to make these students' life a little easier, the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) has given XII (Science) students appearing for their practical exams an option to postpone their test by a few days to accommodate common entrance tests.GSHSEB has taken the decision and on Tuesday the board notified all the exam centres in Gujarat. \"Practical exams for the XII (Science) began on Monday and will continue up to April 21. The exams are being held at different centres across the state. However, it has come to our notice that in some cases date of the practical exams clash with central or state-level common entrance tests. In order to enable the students to avail of all options, we have decided to allow them to shift their date of test,\" said a GSHSEB official.GSHSEB has decided to introduce this provision of flexibility - \"if the students produce a document to prove that he or she has to attend a common entrance test in this state or any other on the same date, the student concerned shall be given a fresh date for the practical exam. The student shall also have to submit an application to formalize the shift in date,\" said GSHSEB sources.The reason behind this shift is aptly highlighted by students in this manner: \"During our practical exams in this month there are several common entrance tests scheduled by universities for engineering, medical and pharmacy courses. Several state boards and universities in Maharashtra and Karnataka also conduct their entrance exams during this period. Till last year, it was a difficult hurdle to overcome. We had to run from pillar to post to ensure that we do not miss our practical exam and also appear for national and state common entrance tests. This year, the board has decided to act before the confusion and complaints ensue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616038", "title": "Bhujbal sacks MET founder trustee", "text": "MUMBAI: The ongoing open war between public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal and chartered accountant Sunil Karve, both founder trustees of Mumbai Education Trust (MET), has taken a new turn.Bhujbal has unilaterally sacked Karve on the ground that his recent acts damaged the reputation of MET, while Karve claimed that Bhujbal has no authority to sack him. \"As per the trust deed, we are lifetime trustees. There are rules for removal of a trustee; he should be convicted, bankrupt or insolvent. As such, it is beyond the powers of Bhujbal to sack me,\" Karve said.Karve, once a trusted aide of Bhujbal, has knocked at the doors of the charity commissioner as well as the police commissioner demanding a probe into the illegal activities at MET. Following his complaint, a senior official from the charity commissioner's office inspected MET on April 7.Bhujbal said he did not react to Karve's charges as the disputes raised were pending before judicial authorities. \"I was reluctant to comment on his charges, but since he was crossing all limits, I had no option but to refute them,\" Bhujbal said.\"As per the rules and the trust act, the officials from the charity commissioner's office had a prolonged inspection of the MET premises on April 7. Instead of waiting for an official report, Karve was giving misleading statements to the media,\" Bhujbal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616824", "title": "Shared interests shape up trilateral meets", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's the season for trilateral or mini-lateral meetings between countries whose interests intersect.India, Japan and US the will meet together for the second time in Tokyo on April 21 to discuss Asia-Pacific and east Asia issues, which is a euphemism for China. This trilateral is shaping up to become an important forum for the three countries, said sources.Meanwhile, foreign minister S M Krishna travels to Moscow on Tuesday to meet with Chinese foreign minister Yang Jiechi and Sergey Lavrov of Russia for a formal Russia-India-China trilateral. This trilateral has lost its usefulness after BRICS came into being. In fact, the three foreign ministers will struggle for outcomes since this meeting is taking place barely a couple of weeks after the BRICS summit in Delhi. An MEA statement said, \"They (ministers) will review the progress of the existing mechanisms as also to explore newer avenues of cooperation under the IRC framework. The meeting is taking place on the heels of the Fourth BRICS summit in New Delhi which was attended by the three ministers. This meeting will, inter-alia, help reinforce the goodwill and trust among the three countries as witnessed during the New Delhi summit.\"While the relevance of the RIC trilateral has reduced for New Delhi, India on the other hand continues to find it useful to hang on to the IBSA trilateral, even though there is an overlap with the BRICS mechanism. This, said sources, is largely because the three countries in question - India, Brazil and South Africa - have been coordinating positions on several international issues, with Syria being a case in point. Besides, there is no China overhang on the trilateral, which is even more useful.Last week, an influential US think-tank proposed a US-India-China trilateral meeting as a means of getting over what they call is a US-China \"strategic distrust\". Kenneth Lieberthal of Brookings Institution and Wang Jisi in a new study on the \"distrust\" between US and China have proposed two \"mini-laterals\" to address the problem a US-China-Japan trilateral and a US-China-India trilateral. Lieberthal notes, in the study, \"Such trilateral meets may reduce the chances of developing a strategic cleavage that puts the US on one side, China on the other, and other countries in the region in a position of having to choose sides.\"Interestingly, this suggestion was first floated by the US secretary of state, Hillary Clinton , in India last year. India was receptive to the trilateral, but China demurred. For Beijing, according to sources, this would be akin to elevating India to the level where they conduct their most important global relationship. That would not do. China is happy to do a trilateral with India and Russia, but not yet with India and the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12616401", "title": "5 chain-snatching incidents in three hours", "text": "PUNE: Three incidents of chain-snatching were reported in Nigdi, Kothrud and Rahatani areas on Tuesday morning. The total stolen booty is worth Rs 2.20 lakh.The incidents took place between 9.30 am and 11.30 am. The police suspect it to be the handy work of the same gang since in all the cases the victims identified the offender as one wearing a helmet. In Kothrud, the local residents unsuccessfully chased the offenders.The first incident took place around 9.30 am at Nigdi Pradhikaran. The complainant, Sunita Dilip Navgire (56), was on her way to work when two motorcycle-borne men snatched her gold chain, which is worth Rs 90,000.The second incident took place on the premises of a housing society in Paramhansnagar in Kothrud around 10.30 am. Manda Mokate (61) lost three gold chains worth Rs 70,000. Mokate was entering the building premises when a man came running from behind and snatched my chains. \"I got injuries on my neck because of the force used by the thieves,\" Mokate said.Mokate's daughter-in-law Urmila saw this from the balcony of their flat. When she raised an alarm, some people working at a garage nearby chased the suspects on their motorcycle up to Paud road, but to no avail. Urmila said the rider was wearing a helmet.The third incident took place at Rahatani around 11.30 am. The complainant, Vaishali Ramesh Parab was returning home when suspects snatched her chain near Ganesh Sunshine Heights society. The chain is worth Rs 60,000.Assistant commissioner of police (Deccan Division) Vitthal Harihar told TOI that the police suspect the involvement of same suspects in all the three incidents. \"All the three complainants told us that the motorcycle rider was wearing helmet,\" Harihar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12618258", "title": "As elite schools set up shop, it\u2019s raining investments", "text": "The rise in number of elite schools is bringing huge investments into the city. The education clusters such as Pratapnagar, Mansarovar and Ajmer road are playing host to world class schools. Most of these elite institutes promise state-of-art infrastructure along with quality education.Around 40 new schools have come up in and around the city in last three years taking competition to a new height. Rough estimates suggest that on an average a school requires an investment of Rs 20 crore including land which is available at cheaper rates compared to National Capital Region, Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.Experts say typically investments in schools yield profits in around seven years of time. However, they generally breakeven after five years of operations.Some schools in the city claimed to have invested Rs 50 crore in developing facilities that include eightlane swimming pool, tennis court, and air conditioned class rooms besides offering thematic activity and application-based learning.\"Our new wing is ready for admission this year. It offers many improvised facilities which one cannot imagine in Jaipur,\" said Seema Bhatnagar, principal of Delhi Public School.Most of the high-profile new schools that have set up shop in the city either belong to big chains or corporate ventures. They include DPS, Step By Step, Raffles International School, Maheshwari Public School, Birla International School, Beetles School and the Millennium School.As per CBSE guidelines a school must have minimum of 2 acres of land. But the new schools coming on the outskirts of the city have been utilizing minimum of eight acres. Before investing huge sums, these chains have been assessing the market on the basis of population growth along with the state's law and order situation.The Parasrampurai Gems International School is set to construct a new wing on its 12-acre land. The Millenium School, which has started off its maiden session on April 9, is looking to create a space for itself by introducing innovative teaching methodologies. These schools target at the wealthy who can pay hefty fees.\"Entrepreneurs should make a cautious assessment and government should not put so many restrictions to discourage private initiatives,\" said Damodar Goyal, president of Society for Private Unaided Schools in Rajasthan.In fact, investments will be pouring in all time as schools continue to add new capacity and improvise facilities. DPS is investing lakhs of rupees to construct a media lab. \"Continuous thinking is necessary for innovation in learning techniques, enriching curriculum and infrastructural development,\"added Bhatnagar.Another set of institutes making big investments are preparatory schools located in posh localities of the city.They are either local schools or belong to well-known chains. This year, around 30 preparatory schools have come up in the city creating lots of job opportunities. Besides, there are also many schools which focus on training. They invest lakhs of rupees to organize seminars and training workshops.After tasting success with investments in schools, many entrepreneurs have ventured into setting up full-fledged universities. The Jaipur National University (JNU) began its journey from Seedling School, and the IIS University started off as India International School. Mahatma Jyotirao Phoole University had also began its journey from Presidency School.The huge investments in education sector are generating employment opportunities for locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12617586", "title": "Only six bottles of beer at a time", "text": "KOCHI: Forget buying a case of beer from beverages outlets or a can of toddy from your favourite toddy shop this summer. Tipplers in the state will surely be heartbroken with the state government deciding to drastically reduce the quantity of alcohol drinks one can keep.The state government order (GO No. 17/2012/TD) cuts down the quantity of beer, foreign made foreign liquor (FMFL) and toddy that people can keep in their personal custody.\"The government, as per the Abkari policy declared for the year 2011-12 vide GO (Ms) No.107/2011/TD dated 17th August 2011, has re-fixed the maximum quantity of liquor that can be possessed by a person who is not a licenced manufacturer or vendor of liquor, and reduced the same to 15 litres from 27.1 litres. Accordingly, the government has decided to reduce the quantity proportionately of each item of liquor that can be possessed by such persons,\" the order says.As per the new order, the total number of beer bottles one can buy at a time has been reduced to six from the present 12. Similarly, the quantity of FMFL one can possess has been reduced to 2.5 litre from 4.5 litre. The quantity of toddy has also been reduced to 1.5 litre from 2.5 litre.The new order has come into effect from April 1. Excise minister K Babu told TOI that the government would further reduce the quantity an individual can possess.A top officer in the Excise Department said the department would strictly enforce the new rule and anyone found violating it would be booked under the law. \"We have communicated to all toddy shops, bars and beverages outlets about the new order,\" he said.Excise officials said the new order would adversely affect the sale of foreign liquor brands at duty paid shops at international airports in the state.\"International passengers usually buy four to five bottles of one litre FMFL each from duty paid shops. The new order has in fact put tight restriction on this set of customers,\" officials said.As far as the sale of beer is concerned, the new order will, in a way, put brakes on the demand for beer, which has been increasing every year during the summer season. Compared to the 8.95 lakh cases sold in February 2011, the sale of beer went up to 10.15 lakh cases in February 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12618411", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation has huge task at hand: Activists", "text": "PUNE: The city's road length is 1,800 km. Ideally, the length of the footpath should be 3,600 km as they should be constructed on either sides of a road. However, footpaths in Pune city are just 1,950 km. This means pedestrians are forced to walk on the roads, risking their lives.\"Only 60 % of the city's roads have footpaths,\" additional city engineer Pramod Nirbhavane said, adding that the civic body is committed to ensuring safe walkways for the citizens.Construction of footpaths along the remaining 40 % road length is a longterm programme and may take many more years.\"It will require specific budgetary allocation for laying footpaths on several existing roads. Also, the existing narrow roads in peth areas must be widened to lay footpaths and this would mean land acquisition hassles,\" a senior civic official told TOI.The immediate task on hand,to make the existing footpaths in the city pedestrian-friendly within the next 30 days, is an uphill task, civic activists said. The state urban development department (UDD) has directed the civic body to make the pavements in Pune city walkable in a month.The department on Monday directed the PMC to repair all footpaths and clear encroachments within a month. Pointing out that several pavements are dug up for utility services and not repaired thereafter, the UDD, in a letter to PMC, directed it to hold ward officers responsible for the condition of footpaths.\"We welcome the UDD initiative. But, the work needs to be carried out by the PMC with proper monitoring. Or it will prove to be a yet another government initiative only on paper,\" Maj Gen S C N Jatar (retd), founder of Nagari Chetana Manch, told TOI.Jatar said that citizens' groups have repeatedly complained that Pune city is increasingly becoming pedestrianunfriendly even though 37 % of the people walk to their destinations and 18 % use bicycles. \"Pedestrians and cyclists are the most ignored in traffic planning and are at risk because they are forced to share the roads with motorised transport,\" he said.Jatar said that several footpaths are not as per standards and suffer from design problems, less width, excessive height, and poor quality of surface, sudden drop in level or ramps and poor maintenance. \"In addition, encroachments on the footpaths include hawkers, roadside vendors, poles, parking, bus stop shelters, illegal stalls and constructions. The encroachments have made walking troublesome,\" he added.\"The PMC does not have any data about various encroachments on footpaths. The work of collecting this data itself will take six months. I do not think that the PMC will be able to meet this one-month deadline,\" Vivek Velankar, founder of Sajag Nagrik Manch, told TOI. The PMC will not be able to move bus shelters, poles and all other encroachments in a month,\" he said.\"Most of Pune's roads do not have footpaths and where provided, they are not walkable or safe,\" said Prashant Inamdar, founder of Pedestrians First, that works for pedestrians' safety.\"There is a total lack of maintenance of footpaths and many pose a serious threat to pedestrians. Also, there are no means to prevent vehicle entry on footpaths. This not only leads to vehicle parking on footpaths but several twowheelers use footpaths near a road junction making walking on footpaths dangerous,\" Inamdar said.Vijay Kumbhar of Surajya Sangharsha Samiti that the officials responsible for the mess should be taken to task. \"The PMC has always made tall claims of spending taxpayer's money on laying standard footpaths and roads. But hardly any changes are seen. The letter by the UDD has proved that the officials have not worked properly and have allowed encroachments on footpaths. Action against them should be taken,\" he said.No road digging after SundayThe Pune Municipal Corporation has decided to ban digging of city roads after April 15. The civic road department on Tuesday held an urgent meeting with various government, semi-government and telecom agencies which seek its permission to dig roads to lay cables and pipelines. \"We have asked them to complete all works by April 15,\" additional city engineer Pramod Nirbhavane told TOI.After the PMC received the UDD letter, Nirbhavane also held a video conference with all 14 ward officers and ordered them to clear encroachments on footpaths at the earliest and repair the footpaths wherever needed. \"Most of the work will be completed by April 21. All hurdles will be cleared,\" he said.He, however, admitted that it was not possible to shift the electricity poles and other infrastructure including bus shelters in a month or to increase the width of the footpaths as per the set standards.\"The immediate task on hand is to make the footpaths walk able by removing the encroachments and by carrying out the repairs wherever needed,\" he said.Nirbhavane said that as per the standards of Indian Road Congress the minimum width of the footpath should be 1.5 m. There is no maximum limit to the width. \"Most footpaths that PMC has is around 1.5 to 3 m wide,\" he said. \"We have decided to standardise the width. All new footpaths will be three m wide 0.5 to 0.6 m will be for erecting poles and other municipal amenities. The rest will be for pedestrian use.\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12618179", "title": "2nd phase Aadhar enrolment in April 3rd week", "text": "RANCHI: The second phase of Aadhar enrolment by the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) will kick start in Jharkhand in the third week of April. The decision was taken here on Tuesday at a meeting convened by chief secretary SK Chaudhary.It was also decided that all government-sponsored socio-economic schemes including payment of wages of the MGNREGS workers would be channeled through the UIDAI in four districts of Ranchi, Ramgarh, Hazaribagh and Saraikela-Kharsawan.The meeting was attended by director general of UIDAI RS Sharma and senior state government officials including the rural development secretary and MGNREGS commissioner.Reportedly, the UIDAI has successfully tested disbursement of MGNREGS payment and other social schemes including old age and widow pensions in Ramgarh district on pilot basis. The first phase recorded around 20 lakh people of the state getting enrolled for Aadhar.After the meeting Sharma told the reporters that the state government is very positive and eager towards covering every individual by the end of this fiscal. \"We have set ourselves the target to enroll every individual of Jharkhand and the state government has assured every possible help,\" said Sharma.Sources in chief minister's secretariat said the meeting was convened by the chief secretary after director general of UIDAI met the chief minister on Monday and complained to him about the lackadaisical attitude of some of the departments.\"The chief minister wants that Jharkhand should remain at the top of the Aadhar enrolment and UID-linked services' list and for that he has asked the officers to ensure adequate funds support,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12617372", "title": "Corporation begins collection of milk samples", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to crack down on the sale of adulterated milk in the city, the corporation began collecting samples of branded milk on Tuesday. The samples were sent to the regional analytical laboratory at Kakkanad for testing.Chairman of health standing committee T K Asharaf said the corporation would continue collecting samples in the coming days.\"Once we get the lab results, we will publish details of the milk producer or marketer along with details of the test results,\" he said. The demand for milk is high in the state during festivals like Vishu and Onam.Though the civic body expressed inability to take action against people involved in the sale of stale milk, it stated that the lab report would be forwarded to the food safety commissioner to initiate action.According to the dairy development department there are 316 registered cooperative societies in the district associated with milk production and procurement.Last year, Ernakulam recorded a 13% growth in milk production. The district produces 90,000 litres of milk a day and out of this 80% is procured by Milma, while 20% is sold to local customers. However, the demand for milk in Kerala has also increased, and hence it is transported from neighbouring states.The chief food officer for Ernakulam said that through milk testing, the corporation can identify whether milk has traces of preservatives, starch and antibiotics used for increasing its shelf-life and quality. The local body can initiate a temporary ban on the milk brands that are found to be adulterated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12617389", "title": "Peoples Party of Arunachal asks Tawang district administration not to suppress anti-dam stir", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Peoples Party of Arunachal (PPA) has appealed to the Tawang district administration not to suppress the popular voice and democratic movement of the people belonging to the border district against mega dams. The district administration recently wrote a letter to the Dalai Lama asking him to intervene and call on the people not to participate in anti-dam movements.\"Writing a letter for the intervention of the Dalai Lama to stop the anti-dam movement is unethical,\" the PPA said in a statement on Tuesday. \"The Dalai Lama has no role in taking decision on how to use the natural resources of Arunachal Pradesh. People of Tawang should be allowed to decide if mega dams should be built or their land,\" the party observed.The district administration's warning that they would \"resort to preventive actions to contain the alarming situation\" itself is undemocratic, the communique said, adding that people should be allowed to raise issues if their movements are democratic and does not violate the law.Meanwhile, Bongleng Village Development Society (BVDS) supported the movement of Save Mon Committee (SMC) opposing coming up of power projects in Tawang. BVDS said that construction of so many projects would convert the religious township into a house of tunnel. It urged the authority concerned to treat the voices of people and take up alternatives for the betterment of the local people instead of destroying the landscape and flora and fauna by proposing so many projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "12617532", "title": "Cop found dead in police lines", "text": "BARRACKPORE: At 4.02am on Tuesday, Alo Mitra received a call on her cellphone. It was her husband Pradip Mitra, a home guard posted at the Barrackpore police lines. He told her that he feared for his life. Three hours later, Alo received another call on her cellphone. It was Mitra's colleague informing that her husband was found hanging from a tree inside the heavily guarded police lines.Pradip Mitra (54), a home guard posted with the Barrackpore police commissionerate Reserve Force, was found hanging on Tuesday morning in Barrackpore police line. Mitra'sThe kin of Mitra (54) alleged that he was murdered and demanded a proper investigation. The victim's wife has lodged a complaint with Titagarh police station.Police said Mitra was found hanging from a mango tree inside the Barrackpore police lines around 6.30am. He was rushed to the Barackpore BN Bose Hospital where he was declared brought dead. Initially, police suspected that the home guard had committed suicide due to depression but no suicide note was found.The victim's family members, however, claimed that Mitra did not commit suicide since he himself had feared for his lifesuspected he could be murdered. \"On Tuesday morning, my husband called me and said he was going to be murdered. He used to complain of being followed by somebody and feared an attempt on his life. And this eventually happened. Around 7 am just three hours after I got his call, his colleagues informed me about his death,\" said Alo.Mitra, a resident of Purbachal in Halisahar, was posted in Barrackpore Reserve Police three years back and he used to stay in Barrackpore police lines camp for his job. His only son Suman is an Indian Army jawan posted in Allahabad.The family alleged that Mitra was pressurised by some senior officials and colleagues, who also misbehaved with him, after a file went missing from an inspector's office. \"In January, an important police file could not be found from an inspector's table and Mitra was blamed for this. The file, though, was later found but Mitra was constantly told he had removed the file intentionally. Since then, he feared for his life. But he didn't name anyone,\" said Paban Karmakar, Mitra's brother-in-law. \"He was strangled and later his body was hung from the tree,\" Alo alleged.The death also raised questions over the security inside the police camp. \"My husband, a policeman was murdered inside the police camp premises of police camp and his body hanged yet none - including the security guard - got a whiff of it till his death. How is it be possible inside a police camp?,\" Alo asked.Police have started investigations.Sources said six persons, including Mitra's colleagues, have been detained for interrogation. DCP Barrackpore Kallol Ganai said: \"A murder case has been initiated.\" on the basis of a complaint lodged by the victim's wife.\"Investigation is on. We are probing all angles. We await the autopsy report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12618187", "title": "Now, you can pay property tax online", "text": "HUBLI: No need to stand in serpentine queues to pay your property tax. With the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) launching e-payment system, you can now make tax payment just at the click of a mouse.After the Bruhat Bangaluru Mahanagara Palike ( BBMP), the HDMC is the second municipal corporation in the state to launch online property tax system. Earlier, people had to wait in long queues at the Hubli-DharwadOne office, the HDMC office or its zonal offices in the twin cities to pay their taxes. Now, they have the option of making tax payment at the comfort of their home or office.E-payment is also supposed to bring about transparency in tax collection. People should create their login ID and password to enter the websites to pay the property tax through the e-payment.HDMC commissioner K V Trilokchandra told TOI that people of the twin cities can pay their property tax through their credit cards and debit cards by visiting the websites like www.hdmc.gov.in and www.karnatakaone.gov.in. \"We have associated with the Electronic Delivery of Citizens Service for providing payment gateway for citizens. We have also planned make mobile payment possible in the coming days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12617883", "title": "A heart-felt prayer to pass high court\u2019s care to experienced hands", "text": "CHENNAI: Will the Archaeological Survey of India's expertise be roped in for the care of the Indo-Saracenic structure housing the Madras high court?This is the what the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam will decide when they pass orders on the public interest petition filed by advocate M T Arunan, himself a member of the court's heritage committee.On Tuesday, Arunan created a flutter when he walked into the first court carrying a broken granite dome, which fell off the court's minaret during an ill-planned maintenance works. Arunan said untrained hands and local masons engaged at low costs were playing havoc with the heritage structure in the name of 'maintenance works'. The ASI should be involved in the maintenance, he said.In his petition, he said the public works department (PWD) employed substandard masons for maintenance works though they do not have any training or expertise in carrying out repairs in heritage buildings. If the PWD is further allowed to go ahead with such works, irreparable damage would be caused to the heritage structure.Arunan said it was the PWD officials who had caused severe damage to various portions of the heritage building, and added that he had documented such damage. Arunan said he had given several representations to the court authorities fearing collapse of the dome but no action had been taken so far. \"The heritage committee has not even been convened till date,\" he said.The PIL said the only way to preserve the structure qualitatively was to involve the ASI, which has expertise in protecting monuments, and the heritage committee constituted by the court in conserving the high court building.The bench, acceding to his requests, permitted Arunan to implead the ASI as a party to the case. It asked the advocate to serve copies of the matter to additional solicitor-general of South India M Ravindran, who shall file a counter in two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "12617110", "title": "Betkikar elected dy chief of Bicholim Municipal Council", "text": "Bicholim: Narayan Betkikar has been elected unopposed as the deputy chairperson of Bicholim Municipal Council (BMC) at a meeting held on Tuesday at the BMC's office.Nine councillors, including chairperson Anisha Vernekar, Shashikant Halarnkar, Karuna Govekar, Premanand Mayekar, Riyaz beig, Kamlakar Teli, Kamlesh Teli and Ajit Birje, were present at the meeting. Bicholim deputy collector Levinson Martins was the presiding officer.The deputy chairperson's post in the 10-member council fell vacant after a group of eight members moved and passed a no-confidence motion against former deputy chairperson Shashikant Naik Halankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12615317", "title": "1 in 8 Indians hit by chronic sinusitis: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: An estimated 134 million Indians suffer from chronic sinusitis, the symptoms of which include but are not limited to debilitating headaches, fever and nasal congestion and obstruction. That's more than population of Japan. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases' (NIAID) estimate does not even take into account those of us who suffer from acute sinusitis. Among Indians this disease is more widespread than diabetes, asthma or coronary heart disease.One in eight Indians suffer from chronic sinusitis caused by the inflammation of the nasal and throat lining, which results in the accumulation of mucus in the sinus cavity, and pressure build-up in the face, eyes and brain. What's worrying, say Mumbai doctors, is that the disease is likely to be higher in Mumbai given the pollution levels and unhealthy lifestyle of its citizens.Most people suffer silently until the varied symptoms begin to affect their productivity. More often than not, patients who start off with a mild sinus infection do not realize that symptoms, which last beyond 12 weeks, could be an indication that they suffer from sinusitis. \"Add to this, our culture of self-diagnosis and medication, often resulting in a delay in seeking appropriate treatment for something that could have easily been treated,\" said a private practitioner.Dr Pradip Uppal, director of Uppal ENT Hospital in Thane said: \"About 50% of patients we treat suffer from sinusitis.\" There five pairs of sinuses-cavities in the bones of the face-which are interconnected. They also connect with the nasal passages. Explaining the nature of this disease he says, \"Every time a person breathes, the sinus openings get oxygen and the sinus is able to produce mucus. Sometimes, however, when a person has a cold or a blocked nose, the sinus opening also gets blocked. The mucus thus remains in the sinus cavity, leaving the rest of the lining dry. As this mucus accumulates, it may lead to swelling and pus in the neighbouring areas of the eyes and the brain.\"In Mumbai, chronic sinusitis is even more widespread, say doctors. \"The high pollution levels, congested living conditions and proximity to the sea may be a few reasons for the high prevalence in the city,\" said Dr Sanjiv Badhwar, consultant ENT surgeon at Kokilaben Ambani Hospital.Besides pollution and congestion sinusitis can be trigged by viral infections, which when untreated can lead to bacterial infections, allergies, and excessive moisture that can lead to the accumulation of fungus in the sinus cavities. Treatment options depend on the nature of the sinusitis and include antibiotics (prescribed by the doctor) and steroid sprays or drops.In some cases, the sinus cavities get so clogged that doctors recommend surgery to tackles the mucus accumulation.Dr Vikas Agarwal, ENT surgeon at BSES Hospital at Andheri, said that people should not take any cold that stretches for a long period of time, lightly. \"The dust and high pollution levels can cause allergic sinusitis. But what is worse is that Mumbai being a coastal city, many people end up having an accumulation of fungus in their sinus. It is important to stop it in time before it reaches the eyes and brain.\"Unlike diabetes or coronary problems that are also widespread among Indians, sinusitis does not kill. But it is characterized by chronic pain and extreme discomfort, which are exacerbated by the fact that few patients seek medical help preferring to live with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12618840", "title": "Crushed under wheels of reckless drivers", "text": "Most accidents on Mumbai's roads are caused by rash drivers. Traffic police statistics reveal that of 539 fatal accidents in 2011, 98.7% were the driver's fault, while a negligible number were caused by reasons like bad roads, mechanical defects in vehicles and pedestrians' fault. There has been a steep rise in this figure compared to the year 2007, when 78% of fatal accidents were a result of the driver's recklessness.In fact, fatal accidents kill 600 people on an average in Mumbai every year, according to the data obtained through the Right to Information (RTI) Act.Former top cop P S Pasricha , who has authored a book on traffic management, says this could be due to the lack of fear of getting caught among drivers. \"If the driving licence of a motorist is impounded in one state, he simply goes to another state and gets a new driving licence. The system has to be made foolproof where the licence is a unique document, just like a passport. Also, it is necessary for driver information and vehicle information to be computerized at the national level,\" he said. Pasricha however cautioned that a driver alone cannot be held responsible all the time as a pedestrian suddenly darting across the road in front of a moving vehicle or a pothole-ridden stretch would also contribute to fatal accidents.Transport expert Sudhir Badami blamed accidents on the lack of formal training for drivers. \"Most accidents occur at night when the roads are empty and drivers tend to step on the accelerator,\" Badami says. \"If they suddenly spot a pedestrian trying to cross the road, they are unable to control the speed, tend to panic and cause accidents.\"Urban designer Trupti Amrutwar agrees with him. \"In other countries, few motorists acquire a driving licence the first time they give a test. It is considered an achievement when they finally get it, as it means the authorities consider them capable of driving. In Mumbai, there is an unholy nexus between agents and RTO officials and people procure licences without even getting behind the wheel of a vehicle ,\" said Amrutwar, who is associated with the Mumbai Environment Social Network.\"Interestingly, the data also shows that the total number of accidents decreased from 29,906 in 2007 to 25,471 in 2011,\" says RTI activist Chetan Kothari, who accessed the figures . \"Increasing awareness among motorists could be the reason,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12615650", "title": "Probe World Bank report within a month, says highways minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: The highways ministry has set a month's deadline to probe the recent World Bank report alleging corruption and malpractices by private developers in three projects funded by the multilateral funding agency. Two panels have been constituted to look into the irregularities.Sources said that the first committee has been formed under the chairmanship of the director general of roads, and the members include a chief engineer from the ministry and an NHAI member.The second committee will have only two members from the ministry - additional secretary and financial advisor, and joint secretary (transport). First, the technical committee comprising highway engineers would submit the findings and then the second panel would go through it, the sources added. \"So there would be two layers of investigation. This has been done considering that the technical committee might go soft on the erring officials of NHAI and the ministry that could have benefited,\" said a source.Highways minister CP Joshi had ordered a thorough probe into the alleged fraudulent and corrupt practices by two private highway developers on April 2. He had said that those found guilty would be held responsible and appropriate action would be taken against them. The highways ministry had received a communication from the department of economic affairs ( DEA ) mentioning the finding of World Bank's Institutional Integrity Unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12570103", "title": "Bade Acche Lagte Hain has not brought sex on television", "text": "There's no need to to blow up things out of proportion, says Sakshi Tanvar, under fire from critics for the her steamy act on the small screenMuch in news, Sakshi Tanwar, aka Priya Kapoor of \"Bade Acche Lagte Hain\", is not happy with the way her bedroom scene in the show, is causing tounges to wag. In Varanasi to shoot for \"Mohalla Assi\", the actress says that unnecessary hue and cry is being made about the whole thing.Reacting to the brouhaha, Sakshi says, \"My serial has not brought sex on television. In fact, there have been serials in the past when I had not even started working, on TV, like \" Tara \", \"Saans\" and \"Hasaratein\", which were far bolder in content than this show is. In our show, the scene was the outcome of a gradual progression of a very mature relationship, which was eventually consummated. Though, I agree that it is perhaps one of the longest such scenes, but shows like \"Maryaada\" also had similar scenes. In fact, ours was not even the first liplock on TV as it being claimed out to be, so why is it being blown out of proportion?\"The actor who started off with the role of Parvati, considered to be epitome of the Indian values on tellyworld, says \"I was apprehensive, initially, about doing such a bold scene since I belong to a conservative family. The creative team took a lot of time to convince me and then I needed time to convince my family. I spoke to my sister and it was she who spoke to my mom and dad about it. Once I was prepared, then it was like any other take and I did it the way an actor is suppose to shoot any scene. Moreover, I feel it was beautifully depicted and aesthetically shot. I did not get any negative feedback from any one,\" she adds.The actor also rejects all the criticism, based on the ground that television is a medium for family entertainment. \"The scene was not aired out of blue as the promos for the same were running 15 days prior it and were steamy enough,\" says Sakshi. Going further, she says, \"There is a thing called remote too, which I am afraid they forget to use. The scene came at the end of the episode so why did anybody wait to see the entire episode? Right now, TV is in a state of flux, where mature subjects are being accepted. Any phase in any medium that brings about a change should be welcome,\" she says.Already successful on the small screen, Sakshi is graduating to the silver screen, with \"Mohalla Assi\". The talented actor says that she is not ambitious. \"There are no career plans for me. \"Mohalla Assi\" just happened, as did television. I don't do acting to prove myself. If this had been the case, I would not have sat at home for two and a half year doing nothing. Instead, I would have gone out, met people and looked for work. In fact, it took several years for Ekta to make me do \"Bade Acche Lagte Hain\", since she had planned to start this at the time \"Kahani Ghar Ghar Ki\" was off air. But I wanted to take a break after \"KGGK\", so \"Bade Acche Lagte Hain\" got delayed. I work by my instinct and I am always in a state of surrender to the amighty so I do not plan. So many of my friends call me lazy but this is what I am,\" says Sakshi, who has been approached by several film makers.Ask her if she is being choosy in Bollywood , the Sakshi clarifies, \"The roles I have been offered so far are not the typical commercial ones as directors who are into off beat cinema have sent feelers. In fact, I had worked in a film, \"Saalon\" of Pritish Nandy production house directed by Nikhil Nagesh Bhatt, which has not hit the screen so far,\" she says before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620982", "title": "Darkness doesn\u2019t always add authenticity: Julia Roberts", "text": "She is America's original sweetheart, who rose to fame with Pretty Woman and starred in several romcoms, dramas and thrillers.Academy Award winner Julia Robert's latest release sees her playing the evil queen in an adaptation of the fairy taleSnow White and the Seven Dwarves. Excerpts from an interview...You have not been very prolific over the past few years. Was that a conscious choice?I have three children now. And I feel like spending time with them and watching them grow is an experience I don't want to miss out on. Which is why I've scaled down the number of projects I work on, and the projects I do take on are the ones I can schedule without compromising on spending time with my family.Your latest release is one of two adaptations of Snow White that is hitting screens this year. Yours is a comedy, while the other is dark and edgy. Recent adaptations of Red Riding Hood and Alice in Wonderland , have been dark, as have the final installments of the Potter and Twilight series. Are dark fairy tales more authentic?I'd say 'darkness' doesn't always add authenticity to a fairy tale. And our target audience is different from that of those films. We are not aiming squarely for teenagers; we are aiming for a family audience and our colourful costumes, grand sets and universal themes of independence and female empowerment will appeal to audiences.Your portrayal of the evil queen is in a lighter vein. Reports suggest that Charlize Theron looks more menacing in the other Snow White film. Did you prefer your version of the queen because of your rather clean-cut image?I've never met Charlize, so I couldn't even begin to size her up. Their film is darker so I guess her menacing demeanour is justified. Our film is zany and familyoriented, although that is not to say that my character isn't evil too. It was fun to play this villain because there aren't any real rules of syntax or reality that apply to her.The film has opened in other centres to a mixed response. Critics have called your role an attempt to resurrect your sagging career.I didn't take this role out of a desire to 'resurrect my sagging career.' I did it because I'm a fan of director Tarsem Singh . When I met him and he told me his idea, I was taken aback and surprised. The idea of playing such a character appealed to me since it was something unlike whatever I had done before. And if that can be construed as a positive note for the film, then all the better for us.What is your favourite fairy tale that you would like to see get a new look on the big screen?I showed the original animated version of Snow White to my kids before shooting for my film and they loved it. They were terrified of the Hag. I'd really like Beauty and the Beast to get a new look on the big screen. I feel that Beauty is a strong heroine who would be a great role model for young girls everywhere.Two years ago, you spent time in India, shooting for Eat, Pray, Love. That trip influenced you in many ways, including the decision to become a practising Hindu.It is similar to Patsy of The Razor's Edge by Somerset Maugham. We share a common aspect of finding peace and tranquillity of mind in Hinduism. I've received real spiritual satisfaction through Hinduism and I'm a practising Hindu.What else is keeping you busy these days on the work front?I'm working on August: Osage County with Meryl Streep . It's still some time away, but it's getting there. I can't wait! It's like a dream come true to work with her. After that, I am doing The Normal Heart, which is based on an attempt to raise HIV/AIDS awareness.Would you come back to India and work on a film here?I loved the time I spent in India. I found great personal and artistic satisfaction here. I'd love to return to this land again and again for the best of creativity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12617063", "title": "Now, 2 lakh missing from Tisk hospital", "text": "Ponda: Unknown culprits have decamped with material worth around 2 Lakh from Central Hospital premises, Tisk-Usgao. The material includes copper wire, electrification and plumbing fixations.Police sources said that the Hospital was under renovations and the contractor Viraj Khandeparkar had kept the material within the premises of the hospital. Police said some unknown culprits had barged into the premises and decamped with material worth almost two lakh rupees during the intervening night of Monday-Tuesday.On Tuesday morning, some workers noticed the material missing and informed the contactor, who later complained to the police. The police had also sought the services of the dog squad and finger experts to trace the the accused persons. However, the sniffer dogs could not make much headway, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12618547", "title": "Forensic reports gaining edge in investigations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is no longer just the oral submissions of witnesses that the police depend upon as their investigations have been more and more anchored on foolproof forensic examinations now. The forensic evidences make it easier to reach a conclusion during court trials of numerous cases in the past.DNA samples, blood samples, visra samples and forensic reports of used weapons in crimes have been the base of a number of convictions announced by city-based courts. The recent conviction of nine accused in the Nari Niketan rape case was based on several forensic reports, including the DNA report, which established that accused Chotu Ram is the biological father of victim's daughter. The sentence was announced by the court of additional district and session judge Preeti Sahni on April 9.Even the case against Rahul Sahu, an accused of a double murder of siblings, was based on forensic evidences without any independent witness of the crime in police chargesheet. 'The forensic examination of hair samples and blood samples of accused Sahu had revealed he had scuffled with siblings. His blood stained t-shirt was found on the spot,' said a police official. A detailed chargesheet was filed against Sahu at Sector 17 district court on April 7.In the murder of financer Harjinder Singh in Sector 20, dreaded criminal Devinder Singh 'Whisky' was convicted when forensic examination confirmed the bullet recovered from victim's body was shot from Whisky's gun. The convict Whisky is lodged in Model Burail jail.The forensic evidences of hair, semen and skin seized from the nails of a female German tourist led to the conviction of five rape accused in January, 2009. The female German tourist was abducted and raped in September 2008. Considering the importance of forensic reports during the court trails, Chandigarh police have started a number of courses with the help of forensic experts for its investigative officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12622707", "title": "Earthquake in Arabian Sea", "text": "MUMBAI: An earthquake measuring 3.4 on the Richter scale was recorded in the Arabia Sea, 155 km away from Mumbai, the Met office here said.\"The shock registered was at 18.6 degree latitude and 71.3 degree longitude in the Arabian Sea,\" Met department director Rajeev Nair said.The epicentre was 155 km from Mumbai, he said adding that the quake took place at 12.31 pm.Meanwhile, there were reports of tremors being felt in some parts of north Mumbai, but the Met dept said these could not be verified so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12617376", "title": "Japan boost for state forests", "text": "KOLKATA: State's forest conservation efforts will soon get a major boost with the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) extending Bengal a Rs 396-crore loan to develop infrastructure for urban forestry, conservation of biodiversity and wildlife preservation. An agreement has recently been signed between the agency and the Centre.Forest minister Hiten Burman said the state would get the agreement papers soon. \"We will be receiving the loan according to the terms and conditions in the pact,\" he said.Subesh Das, principle secretary, forests, said the loan would constitute 85% of the amount to be spent on schemes for bio diversity conservation, plantation etc. The state would have to foot the remaining amount. Sources said one of the biggest problems for the forest department is shortage of manpower and the funds could be spent on that.Green cover in urban areas has been declining over the last few years due to rampant tree felling and poor aftercare of the saplings planted. Estimates say that Kolkata's greenery has declined to a dismal 5% and there is an urgent need to protect all open green spaces in the city. In many cases, trees have been chopped to make way for billboards while saplings have died due to poor aftercare.Kolkata Municipal Corporation and the forest department have conducted tree plantation programmes in the city and adjoining areas but proper aftercare is required to save the saplings.Some state agencies have taken up urban forestry projects on their own. In Rajarhat New Town, Hidco is setting up an eco-park on 480 acres. It is being developed in accordance with a master plan prepared by a Delhi-based consulting firm. The park will be divided into several zones. One of them will be a rain forest zone which will be a 9 acre plantation area divided into three sections. Each section will have characteristic specialized species of carefully chosen plants. The authorities have already started planting saplings in the rain forest zone.In matters of wildlife and biodiversity, there are a few issues like lack of proper monitoring and shortage of manpower in areas like Sunderbans and Buxa. Better infrastructure is required to stop poaching wildlife in the state's forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12618263", "title": "Tales from margins: Anthology of Tamil dalit writing released", "text": "CHENNAI: One needn't be surprised if the names of leaders like M C Rajah and P M Maduraipillai are missing from the list of great alumni of their college as \"both were dalits,\" said P Dayanandan, a retired professor. But their works have found a place in the \"Oxford India Anthology of Tamil Dalit Writing,\" a collection of dialogues of dalits and their changing modes of representation, published by Oxford University Press. Edited by Ravikumar and R Azhagarasan, the anthology was released by senior journalist S Viswanathan at the OUP premises here on Tuesday.The book has 78 selections from 41 writers, covering poetry, fiction, drama, autobiography, biography and, archival and contemporary critical prose.An excerpt from S Sukirtharani's \"Portraits of My Village,\" \"the thick 'sulphurous' smell, of the fermented gruel, received with palms cupped and raised - given as wages for grass cut, bundled, borne by hands abraded by 'ulundu' plants - still pervade the body, like a ductless gland,\" makes one aware of the power of the prose.A common theme running throughout the anthology, according to Dayanandan, is identity. \"Stalin Rajangam has an article that tells us how the dalit search for identity has jolted and prompted non-dalits to look for identities. Identity is truly a crisis in India, thanks to the caste system,\" he said.The selection of works and translation of articles, OUP editor Mini Krishnan said, was the most challenging project she had ever handled. \"It was most challenging. And I am proud of having a great team that worked relentlessly for hours to finish the anthology, which covers about a century of writing (1890-2010),\" she said. Senior Tamil writer Indira Parthasarthy and translator and critic Vasantha Surya were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12618338", "title": "IIT entrance exam may be conducted twice a year", "text": "CHENNAI: Students will have a second shot at the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) in the same year if the ministry of human resource development (MHRD) has its way. The ministry has proposed conducting the test, replacing the IIT-JEE and the AIEEE for admission to IITs, NITs, IIITs and other centrally funded technical institutions, once in April and a second time in November or December the same year. It will release the details of the test on April 16.\"It is proposed that the JEE test will be conducted at least twice a year so that students who wish to attempt more than once can be allowed to do so in a year,\" said a note from the MHRD, giving details of the admission procedure from 2013.Experts suggested this could mean that the institutions may consider admissions twice a year, but IIT faculty were non-committal on the matter.\"Several reasons are being given for the proposal. Nothing has been finalized yet. The authorities expect the test to slowly be part of the admission process for all technical institutions in the country, some of which may consider admissions twice a year,\" said IIT-Madras director Bhaskar Ramamurthi. He said the MHRD reasons that if a candidate does badly in the first test in April, he/she could try again the same year. Another reason is that it could probably bring down the load of candidates taking the test in a year, making it easier to conduct the test.The MHRD also suggested that from 2013, students aspiring for a seat in technical institutions cannot go easy on their language exam. The percentile rank of students in the board exams will also be specified in the JEE result and will be calculated based on the scores obtained in the boards in physics, chemistry, mathematics, one language subject, and the best subject among the electives taken by the student. \"Often class 12 students taking the maths - physics - chemistry - computer science group slack off on the last subject because only the first three are considered for admission to a technical institute. With such a component, they will have to accord equal importance to computer science or an equivalent subject as well,\" said a Chennai school correspondent.The test will have two papers - main and advance - lasting three hours each. Taking the views of the IIT Faculty Federation into consideration, the ministry has said the exam will not only test the foundational understanding of the candidate in physics, chemistry and mathematics learned throughout school, but also the psychometric and problem-solving abilities of students, as well as their problem formulation and incisive thinking capabilities. \"IIT-JEE only has problems based on concepts in physics, chemistry and mathematics that students will have to provide solutions for,\" said professor Arindhama Singh, IIT-JEE chairman for the Madras zone.In addition to the marks in the three components, a Centrally Funded Technical Institutes (CFTI) rank will also be given to each candidate. The rank will be determined according to the following weightage - board marks - 40%, main test - 30%, advance test - 30%. The ministry has said that the syllabus for the main and advance tests will be the same, and will be prescribed by the academic group of JEE each year.Admission to IITs, NITs and IIITs will be through a single window online counselling system based on the CFTI rank. The ministry wants to create several committees - including a JEE Apex Board (JAB), a JEE Academic Group (JAG), a JEE Delivery Group (JDG) and a JEE Interface Group (JIG) - to conduct the exam efficiently. The JEE Apex Body will be constituted by IIT-NIT Council and will include representative directors of IIT, NIT and IIITs, a representative of the ministry and the chairman of CBSE and AICTE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12617801", "title": "Music may have cost student dear", "text": "BANGALORE: Four persons were found dead on railway tracks in various parts of the city on Tuesday morning. In the absence of eyewitnesses, it is not clear the four came under which trains, railway police said.Mahananda Ghosh, 28, a hotel management student, was found dead on the tracks near Byappanahalli. A student of Brilliant Institute of Hospitality Management, Birbhum , West Bengal, Mahananda had come to Bangalore for an internship with Charisma Hotel, Marathalli, three months ago.Mahananda was staying in an apartment across the track. She is believed to have been heading to work when the mishap happened. Police suspect Mahananda might have plugged in to music while crossing the tracks, unaware of the speeding train that mowed her down. However , no earplugs have been found in the vicinity and police haven't confirmed this. Police are trying to reach Mahandanda's father, Manoj Kumar Ghosh, a resident of Howrah. His phone remained switched off and efforts are on to get in touch with police.OTHER INCIDENTSThe body of a 26-year-old youth from Shahapur of Yadgir district was found on the railway tracks near Byappanahalli railway station early Tuesday morning. Railway police said they had found a suicide note in the shirt pocket of Mrutyunjaya V, a resident of Old Chandapura . Mrutyunjaya said nobody was responsible for his death. He was working as a helper with a private contractor. The body has been handed over to his family after postmortem. Railway police also recovered the body of a 35-yearold man on the tracks near Hejjala station near Bidadi early on Tuesday morning. In another incident, a 30-year-old man was run over by a train near Yelahanka railway station. The identity of the bodies are unknown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "12617125", "title": "Dibrugarh varsity gets recreational park", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday inaugurated an educational-cum-recreational park in Dibrugarh University. The aesthetically designed park, built at a cost of Rs 1.2 crore, aims to provide a wholesome learning experience to visitors.Spanning over 32 bighas of land, the park features a rock garden, a typical model Assamese village, a replica of the famous Rang Ghar (amphitheatre) of Sivasagar, an open-air theatre, artificial hills complete with waterfalls, life-size sculpture of several animals, including a one-horned rhinoceros. The park also has a children's corner, amusement and recreational facilities, decorated water bodies and walk way.The minister, who was taken on a tour of the sprawling park by university vice-chancellor Kandarpa Kumar Deka and Dibrugarh deputy commissioner Aruna Rajoria, expressed hope that apart from generating revenue for the university, the park will also offer a serene environment and respite to people bogged down by the hustle and bustle of the city.Another attraction for visitors is the inner boundary wall of the park which has been engraved with colourful murals depicting the art and culture of India, particularly the northeast. The park management said boating facilities will be available in a couple of months. Work on the ambitious project started in January 2009 under the supervision of renowned sculptor Ramen Dowerah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12617582", "title": "Sukanta poems to stay in syllabus", "text": "KOLKATA: After setting to rest the controversy over inclusion of Marx, Engels and the Bolshevik revolution in the higher secondary syllabus, the West Bengal HS Council is trying to nip in the bud another omission and another potential controversy.This one concerns poems by Sukanta Bhattacharjee, none of which figured in the recommendations by the syllabus reform committee. \"We have no intention of omitting Sukanta Bhattacharjee from textbooks. We will try to incorporate a few of his works,\" said council president Muktinath Chattopadhyay.The SFI has submitted a memorandum to Chattopadhyay demanding that Bhattacharjee's poems be included in the HS syllabus. The poet was the uncle of former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee.Works of Indian authors like Mulk Raj Anand, Amitav Ghosh , Jhumpa Lahiri and Upamanyu Chatterjee may be included as well. In Bengali, the literary works of Joy Goswami, Shankar and Satyajit Ray have been recommended. \"It is important that our students know about modern authors along with Rabindranath Tagore and Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay,\" said the council president.Another change recommended by the committee is the addition of physical Education and journalism as optionals. \"It may not necessarily be the fourth subject,\" the council chief said.\"The recommendations have tried to emphasize on conceptual understanding and not merely rote learning. It also calls for making teaching-learning enjoyable. Since most courses in higher studies are inter-disciplinary, the panel recommends a similar shift in HS too.\"\"They have requested us to include Athero Bochor Boyesh penned by the great poet within our syllabus. I have assured none. But, we shall make some changes and may incorporate the poems of Sukanto Bhattacharjee in the proposed syllabus.\"He also added, \"We have decided that Marx, Engels and the Bolshevik revolution will remain very much present in the syllabus. Once the council members ratify the proposals, it will be sent to the government for their approval.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12622830", "title": "Anuskha joins ANR!", "text": "Though a lot was heard between these hot babes and King Nag, surprising they share a close rapport with ANR and Missus Nag. Rubbishing all the rumors in tinsel town, our curvaceous Arabian horse joined the big team back.Legendary actor Akkineni Nageswara Rao's Platinum Jubilee Celebrations in acting career has become stage for this hot heroine's rejoining. Anushka, graced in a simple salwar as usual, sparkled on stage bonding with all the family members of Akkineni. Though she avoided going close with Nag, she spent most of her time cuckooing in the ears of Amala Akkineni.Even on-stage, ANR has given a special hug to this ravishing siren very publicly. Sources say that though there is a tiff with Nag, Anushka don't want to strain her bonding with Amala and ANR. Who knows, she may get booked for Nag's upcoming movie after finishing 'Shirdi Sai' and everything goes well then!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12622419", "title": "\"My Name is ShahRukh &amp; I'm not just a Goat\"", "text": "First it was Hakim Allim (The famous hairs Artist &amp; a big fan of \"LSD\"- the film) who trained Anshuman Jha to play a hair stylist in \"\"BAKRA\".And now, another admirer of the young actor is doing her bit for the film through Art. One of the country brightest upcoming Artist Mallika Chabba, from Delhi, has recently shifted her studio to Mumbai &amp; her first tryst with Bollywood has already happened. She was so impressed with BAKRA's theme &amp; Anshuman that she has done an exclusive painting for the film titled \"\"The Divine Goat\"\" at her studio in Bandra .Says Mallika- \"\"Bakra is an entertaining film which makes a point. Its a piece of art &amp; it urged me to make a painting. And because the goat is like a super power, I have made a colorful depiction of the same, semi realistic, with all the colors from the rainbow as the goat has divine powers in the film. I have aptly titled it \"\"the Divine Goat\"\".Also, I'm a huge fan of Anshuman &amp; alot of girls in the art fraternity swoon over his simplicity. Be it in LSD or all the ad campaigns he's done. And he's brilliant in this film too. It'll be safe to say he's one of the finest young actors we have. And He's come up with a hilarious tagline for the painting as well. \"\"Says Anshuman- \"\"I think Mallika has made the goat look Divine-ly Sexy. Its very sweet of her to have done an exclusive painting for the film. I saw the painting in her studio at Bandra &amp; I couldnt help but come up with a tagline on looking at it - \"\"My name is ShahRukh &amp; I'm not just a goat\"\" since the goat's name in the film is ShahRukh &amp; its got divine powers.\"\"Says the National Award Winning Director Janaki Vishwannathan- \"\"Its very kind of her to have done this for the film. We met when I was in Delhi casting for the child &amp; recently in Mumbai, since she's there now. She's a very active/busy painter &amp; to have taken time out &amp; done such a bright representation of the film is overwhelming.The painting's divine. And art indeed has no barriers. We are wrapping up with the post production soon &amp; hoping to make it in time for the festival deadlines, before a July release.\"\"About \"\"BAKRA\"\" - The film-Bakra is an allegorical film set in rural India that delves into the universal conflict over religious spaces. The story primarily revolves around the relationship between nine year old Zulfi and his pet goat Abu &amp; their best friend - 22 year old Jaffar. The film has been shot near Latur &amp; has Anshuman Jha in the lead.Mallika Chabbahad also recently been assigned for a series by the Khaitan group &amp; is one of the popular young painters in the Delhi art circuit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "beirut", "code": "12618035", "title": "Syria clashes dim ceasefire hopes", "text": "BEIRUT: Syrian troops killed 31 people on Tuesday, pursuing a fierce assault on president Bashar al-Assad's opponents instead of silencing their guns and leaving towns as promised under a fraying international peace plan.UN-Arab League envoy Kofi Annan said it was \"a bit too early\" to dismiss as a failure his attempt to halt 13 months of conflict. \"The plan is still on the table,\" he after visiting Syrian refugee camps in Turkey.The former UN chief's plan, which calls for Syrian troops to pull back by the end of Tuesday, won backing from Assad's friends in Russia and China, as well as from Western, Arab and other nations struggling to find a way to deflect the Syrian leader from his bloody crackdown on a popular uprising.Opposition activists say hundreds of Syrians have been killed since Assad accepted Annan's proposals on March 27.Shelling of restive parts of Homs killed at least 26 people on Tuesday and five died in violence elsewhere, they said. Opposition groups said there was no sign of a military pullout , with tanks still in cities such as Homs and Hama.Citing satellite images, a French foreign ministry spokesman endorsed that view and denounced a Syrian assurance of troops withdrawl as a \"blatant lie\" .The White House also saw no sign of a pullback, \"Leaders of the Assad regime ... make a lot of promises,\" spokesman Jay Carney said. \"Those promises overwhelmingly turn out to be empty.\"The violence has alarmed Syria's neighbours, especially Turkey which already hosts almost 25,000 Syrian refugees. At least five people, including two Turkish citizens , were wounded by crossborder fire into a refugee camp on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12617303", "title": "6 ministers to get portfolios today", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has decided to allot portfolios to the newly inducted six ministers on Wednesday.Parrikar on Sunday inducted six ministers in his 11-member cabinet.Earlier Parrikar had announced that he would allot the portfolios on Tuesday.On Tuesday, Parrikar held individual discussions with the new ministers to tell him the choice of portfolios which they were looking forward to hold.Speaking to mediapersons, Parrikar said that he will allot the portfolios after the cabinet meeting, which is scheduled for Wednesday.Parrikar inducted Shiroda MLA Mahadev Naik, Mormugao MLA Milind Naik, Canacona MLA Ramesh Tawadkar, Saligao MLA Dilip Parulekar, Priol MLA Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar and independent MLA Avertano Furtado as ministers.Mahadev Naik, Milind Naik and Dilip Parulekar have been given a choice to choose one portfolio from tourism, power and industries whereas Ramesh Tawadkar and Avertano Furtado, are both lobbying for the sports portfolio. There is a possibility of a portfolio reshuffle to allot the transport portfolio to Deepak Dhavalikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12618481", "title": "NHRC team meets villagers at Posco site", "text": "Kendrapada: A National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) team visited villages at the proposed Posco steel plant site on Tuesday to investigate into alleged rising incidents of human rights violation in the region.NHRC member Satyabrata Pal, along with five team members, visited Dhinkia, Nuagaon, Noliasahi, Gobindapur, Gadakujang and other villages under Earasama block of Jagasingpur district where the state government tried to acquire 4,004 acres of land for the South Korean steel company to build a steel plant in these areas at the cost of Rs 52,000 crores, the biggest FDI in the country.Anti-Posco activists told the NHRC team that land sought to be acquired for the proposed plant would deprive at least 30,000 locals of their livelihood. \"We showed all documents on rights of locals under Forest Rights Act to the NHRC team and many evidence of human rights violation by officials and police in a clear nexus with anti-social elements,\" said Sishir Mohapatra, general secretary of Posco Pratirodhaka Sangram Samiti (PPSS).\"We told Satyabrata Pal that apart from causing displacement of local people, the company, in cohorts with ruling party leaders and police, have taken to patronizing local hooligans to start a reign of terror by abusing and threatening the people. Police has leveled false charges against hundreds of villagers, as a result of which they are afraid of to go outside the villages. They are not getting proper health services as it is impossible for them to visit neighbouring hospitals at Kujang and Paradip, fearing arrest by police,\" said Abhaya Sahoo, president of PPSS.Sabita Mandal (28), widow of one Tapan Mandal of Patana village, told the NHRC team, \"My husband was killed by pro-Posco anti-socials on June 20, 2006 while he was protesting against the project. The authority is yet to arrest the killers of my husband.\"Besides, at least 254 pro-industry villagers of Dhinkia gram panchayat, who have been driven out of the village by the anti-land acquisition brigade during the past five years, narrated their plight to the NHRC team. \"Anti-Posco villagers assaulted us and drove us out of the village in 2007 after we refused to join the anti-industry movement. Since the past five years we have been living in a makeshift camp in Badagabapur village, 15 kms from our village Dhinkia. The authority provides Rs 20 each day to each person. But the meager amount is not sufficient for us to maintain our families in this camp,\" said Chandan Mohanty (50) of Dhinkia village, who now lives in two small tin rooms along with his wife, two sons and a daughter.\"We will submit a detailed report about the violation of human rights in these areas to the NHRC chairman soon,\" said Pal.Prafulla Samantray, a social activist and state president of Lokshakti Abhiyan, and others had sent letters to the NHRC chairman in 2008, alleging an unholy nexus between the state government and anti-social elements, unleashing terror in the seaside villages of Earasama block, following which the rapportuer of NHRC Dr Damodar Sarangi had visited the areas on July 3, 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12616778", "title": "AICTE raids colleges to verify online claims", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has started carrying out surprise checks at colleges that had applied for an increase in the number of seats in engineering, pharmacy, MBA, MCA and other technical courses.Surprise checks were carried out at two colleges in Surat on Monday. Officials said that raids will be carried out at 100 campuses in Gujarat, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh.This is the first time the AICTE has decided to carry out surprise checks in colleges which apply for increase in seats on its web portal. Conventionally, the colleges apply for hike in intake of seats on the web portal of AICTE furnishing details of the infrastructure, staff and students online. The applications are scrutinized online and permission given for additional seats.However, following complaints that many colleges do not have infrastructure and human resource that match the details provided in the online application, the AICTE decided to carry out surprise raids. In the past three years, many colleges are reported to have indulged in malpractices including lying about infrastructure and human resource.AICTE officials said that colleges which are found flouting norms or providing incorrect information will be penalized.A committee of two experts and one architect will visit the college campus and if the colleges are found to have provided wrong information, action will be taken. \"This will include strict action of the AICTE cancelling existing seats as well\", officials said.This year, 8,000 additional seats have been sanctioned in engineering colleges. There are 450 engineering, pharmacy, MBA, MCA and other technical colleges in the state which can invite surprise checks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12617587", "title": "100 bodies donated through Deharashtrarpan", "text": "NAGPUR: Cadavers are indispensable in the research and study of human anatomy by medical students. As the number of medical students and colleges go up, the demand of human cadavers is also rising.To guide prospective donors, Deharashtrarpan was set up by Ramesh Satpute, a social worker, in 1989. The organization recently facilitated the donation of the body of late Dinkarrao Kulkarni to Indira Gandhi Medical College, Nagpur. This was the hundredth donation done through the organization.\"The bodies are very important for dissection studies. As there is a shortage of them, donation of bodies is of utmost importance for the students and one should do it for the sake of research and studies,\" said Ramesh Satpute.He also said that the number of people donating their bodies has gradually increased over the years. \"There are many reasons. Many elderly people live alone with their children living abroad. They find it much more convenient to donate, as the kids cannot come at short notice to do the last rites,\" Satpute said.Another reason which Satpute attributed to more and more people donating bodies was an increase in awareness. \"I conduct lectures in offices and also various jayashtha nagrik mandals on body donations. The response from the public is good\" he said. He also added that around 38 bodies have also been rejected due to various reasons.Till date 643 people have registered themselves for body donation and the organization has donated bodies to various institutions at Nagpur, Wardha, Nasik, Pune, Hyderabad and Shrikakulam. It also guides people in the matters of eye and organ donations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616825", "title": "UP Electricity Regulatory Commission issues notice to Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after the high-voltage power damaged equipment in at least six houses in parts of Indiranagar, the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission stepped in and issued a notice to Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa) seeking a reply into the Monday incident.This is the second such incident in a span of six months, when high-voltage electricity flow caused massive damages. Earlier, power equipment in a dozen houses in Jankipuram got damaged because of high-voltage power.On Monday, residents made desperate calls to power officials trying to inform about the damages incurred because of the lapse. However, the officials remained unmoved. In fact, it was a brazen display of insensitivity, as engineers did not even bother to visit the affected.This was a violation of safety directorate order issued in March earlier this year. The directorate stated that: \"If any accident occurs in connection with the generation, transmission, supply or use of energy, an officer not below the rank of junior engineer or equivalent shall send to the inspector a telegraphic report within 24 hours of the knowledge of the occurrence of the fatal accident.\"The directorate was even categorical of the fact that power authorities were not even informing the safety directorate, so that adequate steps could be taken.Dinesh a resident said that it was around 2.00 pm on Monday that a high-voltage current tripped their power equipment. \"There was a flash for a few seconds,\" he said.Lesa officials have been maintaining that the damages caused due to high-voltage could be prevented by the owners themselves by installing tripping switches.Experts, however, insist that in very high voltages, switches do not work, especially if they are not of proper quality. And this is exactly what appears to have happened in case of Indiranagar and Jankipuram. President of UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad, AK Verma said that authorities cannot hide behind the excuse. \"They have the responsibility to see that a proper power supply is maintained,\" Verma said.Meanwhile, power supply remain affected in Hazratganj, Parag Narain Road, Hewett Road, and parts of Old City on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616759", "title": "Police officials reshuffled in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rajesh Srivastava has been appointed CO, Chowk, while Digvijay Singh , who is also making a comeback, has been appointed as CO, Bazaarkhala. In the same way, DIG Ashutosh Pandey appointed deputy superintendent of police Nityanand Rai as circle officer Gomtinagar replacing Alok Kumar who has been shifted in the same capacity as circle officer Malihabad.The DIG also replaced inspector Cantt, Saadatganj, Krishnanagar and Bazaarkhala. While Raj Bahadur Sahu has been shifted from Cantt to Saadatganj; Bhagwan Singh has been sent to DIG office from Saadatganj. Similarly, Vijay Mall Singh Yadav, who was in police lines, has been made inspector Krishna Nagar while Harimohan Singh has shifted from Krishna Nagar to Bazaar Khala. Jitendra Pal Singh has been shifted from Bazaarkhala to DIG office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12618076", "title": "Chinese army to help discipline party?", "text": "BEIJING: The PLA Daily - Chinese People's Liberation Army newspaper - on Tuesday suggested that the ruling Communist Party's militarylinked members could step in to ensure discipline in the party \"if some members try to stray from the line''.A commentary in the newspaper indicated that the army brass is worried about differences within the party ahead of the scheduled leadership change later this year while reminding its troops of the \"party's absolute leadership\" over the army.The commentary underlined the need for maintaining the \"supreme political discipline of the army\" and said president Hu Jintao's orders must be obeyed to the letter.It comes after the controversy removal of Bo Xilai, who was tipped to rise to the party's highest body, for violating party discipline. The sacking of the hugely-popular leader even sparked rumours of coup and dissent within the party. The commentary advised the party's civilian members to adhere to the path laid by senior leaders. A section of the party cadre consists of uniformed men. \"Every party member and cadre should firmly obey decisions, orders and instructions and unconditionally put themselves under the leadership of the organizations in question ,\" it said.\"Strictly observing Party discipline is essential to maintaining the advanced and pure quality of the Party and to enhance the cohesion and combat effectiveness of the PLA,\" said the commentary.Media slams India for calling South China Sea world propertyCountering external affairs minister S M Krishna's assertion that the South China Sea belonged to the world, a Chinese daily has said \"territory\" of a country can not be denoted as a global property because it amounts to surpassing its sovereign right. While China has never objected to the freedom of the navigation in South China Sea (SCS), \"describing it as a global property is a mistake\" , state-run Global Times said in an editorial questioning Krishna's comments. \"Other countries can't denote one country's territory as global property. \"China claims sovereignty over the disputed area between itself and Vietnam , and according to international law, the rights of freedom of navigation and free trade in the South China Sea cannot surpass the sovereign right of the relevant country,\" it said.China warns Russia to stay away from disputed watersAfter its differences with India over oil exploration in the South China Sea (SCS), China on Tuesday hit out at Russia's decision to explore oil in the same disputed blocs claimed by Vietnam. China has been vehemently opposed to ONGC Videsh exploring oil in SCS along with a Vietnamese company. A Russian company has now joined an exploration exercise in the area in partnership with Hanoi. Talking to reporters on Tuesday, foreign ministry spokesman Liu Weimin said that foreign companies should respect and support the efforts of countries in the SCS region to settle their disputes instead of meddling in the affair. \"China enjoys indisputable sovereignty over SCS. We hope the disputes can be solved through negotiations by countries concerned,\" Weimin said.Beijing suspends Bo from elite ranks, wife named suspect in murder caseChina's Communist Party suspended former high-flying politician Bo Xilai from its top ranks and named his wife, Gu Kailai, as a suspect in the murder of a British businessman, explosive revelations on Tuesday likely to rattle leadership succession plans. The decision to banish Bo from the Central Committee and its Politburo, which effectively ends the career of China's brashest and most controversial politician, and the confirmation that his wife is suspected in the murder of Briton Neil Heywood were reported by the official Xinhua news agency. \"Comrade Bo Xilai is suspected of being involved in serious disciplinary violations,\" said the news agency said. \"Police has set up a team to reinvestigate the case of the British national Neil Heywood who was found dead in Chongqing ,\" Xinhau said in a separate report.(Inputs from Reuters, PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12616341", "title": "3 cops sacked in escape case", "text": "GURGAON: Three cops have been sacked after two prisoners escaped from their custody few days ago. The incident took place on April 2 when two undertrials escaped on their way to Gurgaon after being produced in Saket court, Delhi.\"In the departmental inquiry, all the 3 officers have been found guilty and have been dismissed,\" said Rao Abhey Singh, DCP (headquarter) of Gurgaon police. Prisoners Neetu and Sandeep had come to Delhi for a hearing at the Saket court when they managed to flee despite being accompanied by three Gurgaon cops.According to police sources, the cops were allegedly thrashed by the undertrials and their associates. They also snatched the service revolver from the cops and left them stranded at an isolated spot in Dwarka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kapurthala/sultanpur lodhi", "code": "12616449", "title": "Ahead of Baisakhi, Kapurthala MC pollutes Kali Bein", "text": "KAPURTHALA/SULTANPUR LODHI: Just ahead of Baisakhi, when people take a dip in the holy Kali Bein, Sewerage Treatment Plant (STP) of Kapurthala has stopped functioning and dirty water is finding its way into the river.Punjab Water Supply and Sewerage Board has claimed that it has handed over the plant operation to the municipal committee following latter's failure to pay their maintenance bills which was running into Rs 60 lakh. However, MC president Paramjit Singh has claimed that they had not been handed over the charge of the STP.Interestingly, Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB) has already sent notices against president and executive officer (EO) of MC for not running STP properly and letting dirty water go into Kali Bein.Sewerage board superintending engineer Jaswinder Singh said that they had been asking the MC for a long time to pay the maintenance charges as they were finding it extremely difficult to run it without funds. \"But our reminders failed to move MC to make the payment and finally we wrote them that from April 1 it would be assumed that the operations would be conducted by the MC itself,\" he said.Sewerage board SDO Chaman Lal said that on Monday they even handed over the keys to municipal engineer of MC. Enquiries from the workers of STP revealed that it was lying shut.Board officials revealed that apart from dues of around Rs 40 lakh of this year, cumulative liability of MC was over Rs 60 lakh. However, MC president Paramjit Singh said they had not been handed over the operations of the STP. \"We don't have any funds and we believe that after formation of the new government, the funds would be released and sewerage board would be paid its dues,\" he said.Environmentalist Baba Balbir Singh Seechewal rued that the dirty water was being thrown in Kali Bein, which was cleaned by people with their hands, even as Kapurthala had a STP. He said that STP of Sultanpur Lodhi was also not working to its full capacity and was partially throwing the untreated dirty water in the river, where people would be taking a bath on Baisakhi.When Seechewal started the water-cleaning project of Kali Bein in 2007, it was a challenging task. But, as people became aware of its importance, they joined in cleaning the river, which had become a dried-up drain and had been reduced to a garbage dump with its historic and religious significance long forgotten.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616750", "title": "Transport department may do away with 'one-year' clause", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to make the process of awarding high security registration plate (HSRP) contract, a fair one, the UP transport department might do away with the 'one-year experience' clause which was inserted into the contract. The high court had taken adverse view of the process, which the department followed to award the contract to Mumbai-based Shimnit Utsch India Pvt. Ltd. The court on April 3had scrapped the contract and gave the department a week-long time to re-start the tendering process.In the same line, a high-powered committee having representation from the transport, law, finance and industrial development departments, has been meeting since Saturday to discuss the modalities of the contract. As per sources, the department now wants to make the process of tendering, fair and more competitive. \"The same could be done by increasing the number of bidders,\" said sources.The transport department had published the tender in 2011, after which Shimnit Utsch India Pvt. Ltd. Got the bid. On June 21, the department inserted the controversial clause of one-year experience. The financial bids were opened in on July 5.The government issued a notification on March 2, for the implementation of the scheme in the state. But, before things could start moving, Allahabad High Court scrapped the contract and the department has re-started the process. Sources said the meetings of the committee, so far, have been inconclusive.The Supreme Court had directed all the states to complete the implementation of HSRP scheme by April 30, and has also made it clear that there will be no extension of time limit after the deadline. Sources said the meeting on the modalities might conclude this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12616566", "title": "No consent hampers raid at railway station", "text": "LUDHIANA: A team of sales tax department conducted a raid at the city railway station on Tuesday. The main purpose of the raid was to seize unbooked luggage without bills, but lack of support from the railway officers hampered their activities. The team is still waiting for permission of railway authorities so that they could seize the luggage from the station.According to sales tax officers they had received information that unbooked luggage had reached city station.Additional excise tax commissioner Tejvir Sidhu said, ''There are several kind of goods including hosiery, electronics and among others, but we are still to open the parcels because we are not getting the support from railway officials. The parcels are around 400 in number and its value is yet to be explored.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12616515", "title": "Congress supporters clash with cops in Badarpur, 70 injured", "text": "SILCHAR: A clash between police and Congress workers, who blocked NH-37 (earlier NH-44) in Badarpur in protest against the selection of new chairperson of Badarpur Town Committee, left at least 70 persons, mostly women, injured on Tuesday. Those wounded also include additional superintendent of police (Karimganj) K K Gupta and two women constables.Sources said Ward No 3 commissioner Babli Das, who was elected as the chairperson of the Congress-run four-member Badarpur Town Committee, was removed from her post a few ago back due to her alleged involvement in a Rs 51-lakh financial scam. Since then, circle officer Nirmal Kanti Devnath was discharging his duties as the administrative officer of the town committee.However, it was recently decided that Lucky Roy, Congress commissioner of Ward No. 1, would be the next chairperson, and as per directions of the deputy commissioner, the circle officer convened a meeting of the board, including the local MP and MLA, who are ex-officio members, at 10 am on Tuesday to select Lucky as the chairperson.Sources said Badarpur MLA (Congress) Jamal Uddin is opposed to Lucky in the faction-ridden party in this part of Karimganj district. Sensing trouble, the administration had made elaborate security arrangements in view of the meeting.As the news of the meeting spread like wildfire, hundreds of supporters of Jamal Uddin, mostly Muslim women, gathered in front of the office of the circle officer, the venue of the meeting, and started raising slogans against Lucky. They criticised the decision of the administration to select a new chairperson at this juncture. The protesters also blocked NH 37 (earlier NH 44) in Badarpur and pelted stones, targeting the circle office.Police first urged the protesters to withdraw the blockade. But when additional SP K K Gupta reached the spot, the mob started pelting stones which hit his chest and legs. Gupta fell on the ground and started bleeding. Police and CRPF came to his rescue and took him to local hospital.At this juncture, police and CRPF wielded batons and also fired tear-gas cells to disperse the mob. As the protesters continued to pelt stones, two women police constables were critically injured. They have been identified as Rehana Begam Kazi and Suchitra Karmakar. Sources said the protesters also manhandled the duo.Nearly 70 persons, mostly women supporters of Congress, were injured in the baton charge. OC of Badarpur police station A A Laskar said security forces were compelled to use force to clear the highway. A source revealed that 23 persons have been admitted to Srigauri Government Hospital and 30 women were discharged after preliminary treatment. At least 20 others are being treated in nearby hospitals, he added.The ASP and the two women police constables are critical and have been admitted to a local hospital.In protest against the police action, the NSUI, Youth Congress and the Congress's women's cell have called a 12-hour Badarpur bandh on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616729", "title": "Azam ends war of words with Bukhari", "text": "LUCKNOW: With Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav maintaining an intriguing silence over the ongoing spat between Shahi Imam of Jama Maszid, Ahmed Bukhari, and senior minister Azam Khan, the latter on Tuesday found it better to call truce. The urban development minister, however, hinted that he was not happy with the treatment he got from the party leaders.\"I didn't start it and I don't want to carry this forward any further,\" said a visibly mellowed Azam. He also expressed surprise over the silence maintained by the SP leadership all through the \"verbal attacks\" from Bukhari. \"I expected the SP government and senior party leaders to stand by me,\" he said. But at the same time he offered an explanation: \"It is true that Imam wrote to SP chief and not to me but I am an emotional man, hence could not tolerate the damage being done to the party through unnecessary allegations. I decided to step in and make it clear that party on its own is doing a lot for Muslims. I myself asked for two Rajya Sabha seats for Muslims. Then Imam was nowhere then.\"He also denied allegations that he was trying to damage the party by indulging in verbal duel with the Imam. \"I am emotionally attached to SP chief for the past over 30 years. Akhilesh Yadav is state SP president and chief minister of the SP government and for me Mulayam Singhji is super chief minister. It is their right to give or take ministership. They have made me minister with charge of eight departments. I have no greed for departments,\" Azam clarified.The change in Azam's attitude came when he saw that nobody in the party is coming out openly in his defence. The controversy started last week when SP nominated Bukhari's son-in-law Umar Khan, who lost in recent assembly elections, for the state legislative council. Bukhari asked his son-in-law to withdraw his nomination and wrote to Mulayam saying that he expected more representation of Muslims in Rajya Sabha and legislative council nominations. However, there was just one Muslim candidate each in six Rajya Sabha and seven legislative council nominations in the past one month.Sources said that Bukhari wanted Rajya Sabha berth for his brother and ministership for his son-in-law. And, expressed his displeasure by accusing Mulayam of going back on his promise of giving more representation to Muslims before state assembly election in which Imam had issued an appeal in favour of the party. Azam Khan responded by asking Imam to keep himself confined to religious work. Imam retaliated by questioning Azam's standing among Muslims. Imam got support from some clerics of Darul Uloom Deoband (waqf). They advised Azam to exercise restrain in his choice of words.On Tuesday, though Azam also got support from a section of Barelvi Muslims when the Islamic seminary Darul-e-Manzar Isam (DeMI) in Bareilly issued a fatwa suggesting Bukhari to serve the interest of the community first before promoting his family members, some SP Muslim MLAs and leaders who are opposed to Azam met Bukhari. Further, on Monday night Mulayam reportedly spoke to Bukhari on telephone and requested to put an end to row.Azam was expecting SP chief to rally behind him. However, political analysts said, Mualayam though his silence made it clear to Azam not to cross limit. Mulayam, said analysts, sees Azam as a threat to Akhilesh, hence he initially kept quiet and then spoke to Bukhari instead of Azam. In his telephonic conversation with the SP supremo, Bukhari reportedly said that he never wanted to start the issue at the first place. Therafter Bukhari's statement was communicated to Azam who on Tuesday afternoon called media-persons in Rampur to 'to explain the entire issue and put the row to an end'. Source, however, said that though Azam may have withdrawn for now but he would not sit idle for long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12618360", "title": "9 caught cheating in UP board exam on Tuesday", "text": "KANPUR: Nine copycats were caught red-handed in UP Board examination by flying squad from various centres of the region on Tuesday. Nearly 48,000 students have dropped various exams of high school and intermediate in the region till now.Four students of intermediate were caught with copy chits while one student was caught cheating from guide kept inside his desk.\"Four boys, three girls are caught at a centre at Farukhabad. While two cheats were caught in Etawah district. No cheating case has been reported from Kanpur Rural and Urban area in the English exam of UP board intermediate\" informed Shiv Sevak, DIOS.He added that the district education authorities have decided to keep strict vigil on copycats this year. Once a copying case is recorded, the student will not be pardoned in any case.This year, the board has announced that the names of students who are caught copying, the schools in, which they study, and the names of the centres where they are caught will be published in all media modes. Also, the results of cheats will not be declared in any case.However, there are many instances of copying in rural areas of the region but they were not highlighted much this time. Even the local inspection squads seemed to be not doing much in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12617272", "title": "Trinamool Youth Congress leader attacked", "text": "MIDNAPORE: A Trinamool Youth Congress leader was seriously injured on Tuesday evening in what locals claimed was party infighting, but Trinamool leaders claimed was \"the handiwork of the CPM\".Debashis Choudhury, the district Trinamool Youth Congress secretary, was on his way to a party meeting when his car was stopped at Jahara. Ariful Alam, a youth Trinamool leader of Chandrakona, was attacked when he tried to rescue Choudhury. He was beaten up severely with iron rods and admitted to SSKM Hospital. Four others were admitted to Ghatal Hospital. Locals claimed it was the result of party infighting.However, Trinamool leader Sanjay Ray lodged a complaint against CPM worker Muzibur Rahaman for the attack. CPM rubbished the claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616286", "title": "Fresh tenders for aquarium revamp", "text": "MUMBAI: The government has cancelled all earlier bids and invited fresh tenders for the makeover of Taraporevala aquarium at Chowpatty.\"It was in August last year, when it was decided that all the bids already received would be cancelled and retendering process would be started for the makeover of the aquarium,\" fisheries minister Madhukar Chavan said in a written reply in the state legislative council on Tuesday. Chavan was replying to a query raised by the Congress' Vijay Sawant about Taraporevala aquarium's makeover in the question hour.Sawant sought information on how many bidders had responded to the retendering process and which one had been accepted by the government. Chavan said, \"No tender has been finalized as the process of receiving bids is still going on. A meeting chaired by chief secretary was held on March 14.\"According to a state official, to revamp the aquarium, which is spread across 4,369 sq m, the only option is to redevelop it vertically. \"The urban development department has guaranteed an FSI of 4 for the project, which has been planned on the lines of Singapore Aquarium,\" the official added.The government has also appointed the Maharashtra Fisheries Development Board as the nodal agency to promote seafood business. \"The board will help sell seafood in areas within the municipal corporation and council limits,\" Chavan said. When council members S Q Jama, Manikrao Thakre and Ashok Jagtap sought to know how much assistance government offered in setting fish markets in urban as well as rural areas, Chavan said, \"The National Fishery Development Board offers 90% grant to set up fish market. The state has also given its approval to found 28 hi-tech fish markets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12616495", "title": "Pakistan urged to allow trade at Attari, Wagah", "text": "AMRITSAR: The traders may sound upbeat about the integrated check post (ICP) project, but they want from both governments of India and Pakistan to give another push so that trade between them could increase manifold.\"The Pakistan government has still not allowed trade of items freely from the Attari-Wagah land route, despite it being the cheapest and shortest trade route,\" said chairman, Punjab committee, PHD Chamber Rajiv Bali. He said Pakistan had last month notified its negative list for India, which means barring 1,209 items, India could now export all products to the neighbouring country. However, Islamabad had allowed import of only 137 items through Attari land route, instead nearly 2,000 items, which were allowed earlier under the positive list.Traders have claimed that out of 137 items, majority of products including livestock, carcasses, meat, vegetables, pineapple, pepper, newsprint, cement and yarn are already exported to Pakistan through Attari land border.The trade through trucks had been going on in a limited way for selected items, mostly perishables like vegetables and fruits, livestock, dry fruits, meat and poultry, since October 2007, but the bulk of the trade between both countries takes place via the Mumbai-Dubai-Karachi route which was expensive and time-consuming said, co-chairman, Punjab cCommittee, PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry RS Sachdeva. \"Had Pakistan allowed the trade of more items through this land route, it would have cut down the transportation charges, benefiting the traders in both the countries,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620857", "title": "Insect science", "text": "A new study in UK reveals that insects plaguing rice-crops may struggle to survive in an increasingly warm climate. Aaditi Isaac reportsCan tropical insects be affected by high temperatures and climate warming? Yes. A recent study conducted by the Arthropod Ecophysiology Laboratory in the School of Biosciences at the University of Birmingham, UK, revealed that insects plaguing rice-crops may actually struggle to survive in an increasingly warm climate. For the study, the brown plant hopper pest was chosen as it is a major pest in tropical areas.\"Insects have a limited ability to regulate their own body temperature and are, to a great extent, influenced by their local environmental conditions. While insects typically achieve optimal rates of development and reproduction at temperatures between 20-30\u00b0C, and global warming may make some areas more favourable for some species, there is also the possibility that climate warming in tropical climates may induce immobility in the insect. All insects have a lower and upper lethal temperature limit. While these thresholds can be 'extended' through acclimatisation, there are limits to this process,\" says Jeffrey Bale, professor, School of Biosciences, University of Birmingham.Explaining how the experiment was carried out, Bale says that a laboratory colony of brown plant hopper (collected in Malaysia) was established where the insects were fed on a susceptible variety of rice. \"Experiments were carried out on insects that were in their juvenile stages as well as adult insects. Through video-capture technology, we measured the temperatures at which the insects became immobilised and at which they were killed,\" explains Bale.Talking about the challenges they faced, he says that the main challenge was to produce hundreds of insects of the same age on the same day. \"The studies suggest that in some parts of the distribution, current and potentially higher temperatures will cause heat stress (immobility) and possible death, whilst in other areas, the climate may become more favourable. For example, in parts of Japan and South Korea it seems that the winters are too cold to allow year-round residency of brown plant hopper - very few eggs hatch at 15\u00b0C. For this reason, the pest problem in these areas is caused by an annual inward migration of the hopper. So, if the climate in these regions was to become warmer, the pest problem would increase,\" he concludes.The research group comprised Jiranan Piyaphongkul from Thailand and Jeremy Pritchard and Jeffrey Bale from the university's School of Biosciences. The research is partly funded by the Thai government.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12618613", "title": "Haryana Roadways to pay Rs 13k to passenger as damages", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A couple, who had been left stranded after the Chandigarh-Delhi AC bus they were travelling in, met with an accident at Ambala, will now get a compensation of Rs 13,100 from Haryana Roadways for deficiency in services on the order of the consumer forum.District consumer forum-I, headed by its president P D Goel, passed the orders while allowing a complaint filed by Ravi Khokher and his wife Anveeksha Verma of Sector 16, Chandigarh.The case dates back to October, 2011. Anveeksha was doing her MBA at IIT Kanpur and was supposed to reach Kanpur for her classes by October 9, 2011. The complainants booked two tickets for a Chandigarh-Delhi AC bus of Haryana Roadways on October 7 and a connecting railway ticket for a New Delhi train on the same day.When the bus met with an accident near Ambala, the complainants waited for some time expecting the drier to arrange for an alternative bus for stranded passengers, but he did not make any arrangements. The complainants then hired a taxi from Ambala to New Delhi paying Rs 3,375.Contesting the complaint, Haryana Roadways said its prior duty was to rescue the passengers inside the bus. They had even arranged another bus at Ambala to help the passengers, but the complainants left on their own without waiting for it or informing the authorities, replied the Roadways.The forum held Haryana Roadways deficient in rendering proper services, which caused mental tension, physical harassment and financial loss to the passengers, who had to shell extra Rs 3,375 for taxi. Forum directed a compensation of Rs 13,100 to be paid to the complainants by the Roadways for causing mental &amp; physical harassment and as litigation cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "strasbourg ( france)", "code": "12617998", "title": "UK can send suspected militants to face US trial", "text": "STRASBOURG ( FRANCE): The European court of Human Rights ruled on Tuesday that Britain had the right to extradite five suspected terrorists to the United States but only after all court procedures had been exhausted.The court, in French city of Strasbourg, had been considering the cases of six people indicted in the US between 1999 and 2006 on terrorism charges related to hostage taking in Yemen and attacks on US embassies in Africa.One of the five suspects whose extradition was approved is Abu Hamza, a militant cleric who faces 11 charges relating to the taking of 16 hostages in Yemen in 1998, advocating a jihad uprising in Afghanistan and trying to set up a jihad training camp in the US in 2000-2001 . The court said it did not rule on the case of the sixth suspect for mental health reasons.Based on charges filed in the US, the suspects could get lifelong jail terms without parole in maximum security conditions, such as with concrete furniture, timed showers , tiny cell windows and no outside communications.The ruling centered on whether the conditions would violate Europe's human rights rules. The court agreed to consider the question in a ruling in July 2010. Abu Hamza claims he has lost his Egyptian nationality, but UK considers him an Egyptian citizen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12617804", "title": "High court orders expelled kids back to school", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has ordered a CBSE school in Tiruvottriyur to take back the 21 students it threw out for sticking to the fee prescribed by a committee set up by the government.The students of Kavibarathi Vidyalaya School did not pay the excess fee demanded by the management, instead sent cheques for the committee-fixed fee. According to the interim relief granted by the court, the children will be back in class from Wednesday. The school is now expected to file its reply before the court gives its final order.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, granting relief to a group of 16 students who approached the court, asked the school to accept the fee finalised by the fee-fixation committee. The committee had on June 2011 bracketed the fees for the school between Rs 12,300 for LKG students and Rs 11,450 for Class 10.The school argued before the fee panel that the Tamil Nadu (Regulation of Collection of Fees) Act did not apply to it as it was a CBSE school. But in reality, the school charged Rs 18,450 for LKG students and Rs 17,750 for Class 10 students. The fee was based on the amount fixed by the panel but had fleshed it out by charging for 'extra co-curricular activities' and 'technology-based education'.When the parents, who are now before the court, refused to pay the excess fee and instead sent cheques for the sum fixed by the committee, the school refused to accept it. The parents said their wards were not issued report card on March 27, the last day of the academic year. On April 3, the students received posts containing transfer certificates and expulsion orders with a curt note - 'fee not paid.'The parents said the school's action violated the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act 2009, which prohibits expulsion of any student for any reason from the school up to Class 8. They parents told the court that they were willing to pay the legal tuition fee. Under these circumstances, the school was not justified in issuing transfer certificates and expelling their wards, the parents argued.The parents also charged the school with discriminating children whose parents refused to pay the excess fee. The students were not allowed to participate in programmes in the school, they said. The parents, in the petition, described it as pressure tactics. It wanted the court to quash the school's orders, and direct the management to admit students in the promoted classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12617222", "title": "Goods worth 3.5Lakh stolen in 5 break-ins", "text": "NASHIK: Goods worth over Rs 3.5 lakh were stolen in five incidents of house break-ins. Two laptops worth Rs 40,000 were stolen from a locked flat at Murkute Colony on Sunday. Copper coil, plates and wire worth Rs 47,500 was stolen from an industrial unit in a building in the Satpur industrial area on Sunday. A gold ring worth Rs 8,000 was stolen from a locked flat and a licensed revolver, 32 cartridges and a gold chain, totally worth Rs 86,500, were stolen from a flat, both at Anandwan Colony, College Road, on Monday.Hit-and-run reported : Dhule resident Mahadu Sonawane (72) was injured in an accident near the Central Jail gate at Nashik Road. Sonawane said Bunty Khan, a resident of the jail police quarters, was speeding on his bike and hit him from behind, then fled the scene without informing anyone.Car stolen : A car worth Rs 11 lakh belonging to Kantilal Chopda was stolen from the Tidke Colony area on Monday. According to a complaint lodged by Kantilal Chopda, the car was stolen from the parking lot of his residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12617901", "title": "Opposition denies receiving government largesse", "text": "MUMBAI: Flaring tempers over the political aftereffects of the leaked report of the Comptroller &amp; Auditor General (CAG) refused to cool down. A day after industries and ports minister Narayan Rane had alleged that Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders took land at throwaway prices from the state government, the opposition made a concentrated effort to clear the air in the legislative assembly on Tuesday.Senior members, including leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse, BJP's Devendra Fadnavis and Chandrashekhar Bawankule issued clarifications to Speaker Dilip Walse Patil.Opposition members denied having received concessions from the state government or being recipients of state largesse during allotment of public land for housing or for educational institutions. \"As far as urban areas are concerned, I am not a member, trustee or on the board of a single educational institution. In rural areas, there are a few schools and trusts at the zilla parishad level which have installed me on the board as an advisor. Beyond this, I have not received major benefits of government concessions,\" said Khadse.Fadnavis and Bawankule said their family members too had not received benefits.The opposition had created an uproar over the government's ineptness in tabling the CAG report for discussion in the assembly. A copy of the yet-to-be released report, which allegedly indicted at least 10 senior politicians and cabinet ministers in Maharashtra for their direct or indirect role in inappropriate land allotment, use and management, was handed over to the speaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12618776", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan has a CT scan; all\u2019s well, say doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Amitabh Bachchan , who had an abdominal surgery two months ago, underwent a CT scan on Tuesday morning.He had been complaining of pain for some time. Medical superintendent of Nanavati Hospital Ashok Hatolkar told TOI: \"Amitabh Bachchan had come for a routine CT scan examination. It is related to his previous health conditions . There is nothing to worry about.\"On Monday night, the actor posted on his blog: \"I rose from my desk to get to bed, but excruciating pain stopped me in my tracks and I found it difficult to walk to stand to sit to lie down. Quite horrendous! This was not there post-operation even... so what really is the reason for it two months down the line? I have no answer.''Bachchan said he would get the answer to this question after the scan was done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "12616668", "title": "'Civic authorities not fixing problem'", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: Complaining about it Subhash Grover, a businessman, who is a resident of Dashmesh Nagar said, \"Streetlights have been installed on Pakhowal Road but some of them have been dysfunctional for quite a while. This stretch remains shrouded in darkness at night but as there is fast moving traffic here, chances of road accidents increase.\"Condemning the civic authorities, Megha Arora, a student, who is a resident of BRS Nagar said, \"Commercial activity is increasing gradually on Pakhowal Road, as more commercial complexes are coming up here. And when these complexes shut down, there is total darkness on the road.\" She rued that the problem of non-functional streetlights was there not just on this road but on other city roads too, while alleging that the MC employees did nothing to fix the problem.Superintending engineer of the light branch, S P Singh claimed, \"We check streetlights regularly in every area of the city and if we find any problem we fix it at the earliest. We'll inspect the streetlights on Pakhowal Road and if these are found not to be in working order, these would be fixed.\"LED project yet to take offThe civic authorities had announced to replace the existing streetlights with advanced LED streetlights as the latter have a longer life than regular ones and also don't require much maintenance. However three years after making such an announcement, this project is still on paper only due to the lax attitude of the authorities .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616147", "title": "Chief secretary sends notices to Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, cop, Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority chiefs", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad on Tuesday issued a showcause notice to municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar, police commissioner Arup Patnaik and MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana for failing to attend a meeting of the empowered committee on transformation of Mumbai.Though Gaikwad declined to comment, a senior GAD official confirmed the notice had been served on the three after it was found they would hardly attend meetings of the empowered panel headed by the chief secretary.While there was no response from Subodh Kumar or Patnaik, Asthana confirmed that he received the notice. \"I have received the showcause notice, I have no comments,\" he told TOI.Gaikwad has reportedly found that ever since he took over the reins of the state bureaucracy, the trio had not attended a single meeting of the panel, instead, they deputed an additional commissioner or a joint commissioner. On one hand, the CM had drafted a plan to convert Mumbai into a world-class city and on the other, key officials had been boycotting the meetings, the official said. \"If it is one or two meetings, one can understand. But in the case of the three, it was observed that by and large, they did not attend the meeting. Gaikwad felt it was indiscipline of the highest order. So, the notices were issued. The course of action will be decided after receipt of their replies,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616787", "title": "Polytechnic panel members meet CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Members of UP Private Polytechnic Federation (UPPPF) met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday and requested him to allow students who have taken direct admission in various polytechnic institutes in the state to appear in the examinations.As many as 15,000 students in 171 polytechnic institutions in UP were given direct admission without undergoing any counselling procedure in 2011-12. As per UPPPF president, Vishwanath Prasad, only 9,546 seats were filled up through counselling against 42,000 seats. Considering the direct admissions to polytechnics as illegal, the government did not send the examination forms to institutions, which made direct admissions. And, now that the exams are just round the corner (starting from April 12), the federation met the CM to help the students save their future.Prasad said, \"The CM has given us assurance that since the career of 15,000 is at stake, steps will be taken to help students.\" The polytechnic institutions had last year also admitted a large number of students without any counselling. That time, the state government, thinking in the interest of students, has passed an order allowing all students to appear in the exam. On the issue, director, technical education department, Sanjay Prasad said, \"If we receive any written assurance from the CM, we will do the needful. As of now, no communication in this regard has been made.\"To note there are 70,000 seats in government and private run polytechnics in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12617120", "title": "Local leaders urge CM to induct Kokate or Gavit into state cabinet", "text": "NASHIK: With fissures developing between the Congress and the NCP during the recently concluded elections of panchayat samitis, zilla parishads, municipal councils and municipal corporations, local Congress leaders met Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan, urging him to take on NCP in Nashik district.The leaders including district chief Rajaram Pangavhane, MLA Nirmala Gavit and vice-president of the Nashik ZP Sampatrao Sakale, met Chavan at his official residence Varsha on Sunday.They urged Chavan to induct either Sinnar Congress MLA Manikrao Kokate or Nirmala Gavit in the council of ministers so that the party could take on the NCP. A senior Congress leader said that the Bhujbal clan was in a dominating position in Nashik district with Bhujbal senior as the guardian minister, his nephew Sameer as a Lok Sabha MP and his son Pankaj as the MLA of Nandgaon after the 2009 Lok Sabha and assembly polls.\"With the next Lok Sabha and assembly polls due in the next two years, the Congress has to do something to check the NCP,\" he said, pointing out that at a time when the NCP under the leadership of Bhujbal Sr had gained upper hand in Yeola and Nandgaon in the local body elections, Manikrao Kokate had ensured the victory of the Congress in Sinnar and countered NCP.\"If Kokate is inducted into the council of ministers, it would give a boost to the party in Nashik district as he would be in a position of power... now, only Bhujbal is the face of the government in Nashik and is very aggressive,\" he said. \"As a result, the bureaucracy prefers to entertain NCP leaders and activists, while Congress workers are ignored when they approach officials for any work of public importance.\"It may be recalled that Chavan had visited Kokate's hometown Sinnar a few months ago, giving a subtle hint that the Congress would throw its weight behind Kokate, who is the only politician in Nashik who openly criticizes Bhujbal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12622574", "title": "Navya completes one year", "text": "Siddharth Kumar Tewary's Navya on Star Plus has a huge fan following amnog youth. The story which highlighted the relatinoship of youth with parents and the communication gap has a loyal audience.Recently the show completed noe year of succesful run. Soumya Seth aka Navya says, \"The show means the world to me. It's still being appreciated.Producer Siddarth Kumar Tewary is a very hands on producer and a very creative person. I am fortunate to debut with Navya. I have grown up here as an actress. It's fun playing a married girl now. It's such a different experience as I am too young to get married\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12616081", "title": "Srinivas Reddy\u2019s transfer challenged", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telugu Desam Party on Tuesday filed a petition in the A P high court challenging the transfer of K Srinivas Reddy as chief of the ACB special investigation team (SIT) probing the liquor syndicate scam. The petitioner, Sobha Hymavathy, president of TDP women's wing, urged the court to monitor the ongoing ACB probe into the matter.PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana, who is facing allegations of promoting the liquor syndicate, has been made a respondent in the case. The chief secretary, home secretary, ACB DG are the other respondents. Hymavathi in her petition charged Botsa with running a chain of liquor shops in Vizianagaram district in binami names. She also held him responsible for the sudden transfer of Srinivas Reddy from SIT. She alleged that even the DG of the ACB was under tremendous pressure to dilute the probe and urged the court to stay the transfer of Srinivas Reddy.The TDP leader said in her petition that it was only after talks between Botsa and chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy in the presence of the Congress central leadership that the transfer of the SIT chief was effected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616188", "title": "Wind clocks 100 kmph at IGI; 30 flights delayed, 24 diverted", "text": "NEW DELHI: Strong winds, thunder and lightning led to the suspension of operations for around 45 minutes at the IGI Airport on Tuesday evening. Around 30 flights were delayed by 15 minutes to an hour, and 24 were diverted to Jaipur and Lucknow due to very rough weather in the approach path to the IGI airport.\"Winds had reached a speed of 45 nautical miles because of which we had to suspend operations for a short duration. Five incoming flights made a go-around as landing conditions were not suitable. Four international flights and 20 domestic flights were diverted. Finally when operations commenced, there was a long queue for departure and arrival that led to a further delay. Passengers were stuck inside the aircraft for up to an hour before their flights finally took off. However, since traffic has come down slightly in Delhi, it did not take long to clear the backlog,\" said a source.Air India reported that two of their flights were diverted to Lucknow while another two were diverted to Jaipur. \"There were no AI departures scheduled for that period and hence we did not see any serious delays,\" said an airline official.According to RK Jenamani, director in-charge of IGI Met, the thunderstorm started at the airport around 4.40pm and lasted till 5.45pm. It would have been highly dangerous to operate during that period as severe lightening and strong winds could have wreaked havoc with an aircraft, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620713", "title": "Jannat 2 Old tricks, new magic", "text": "A fortnightly music column that has its pulse on the desi beat on recordJANNAT 2 Old tricks, new magicBrooding ballads, hummable chorus, Emraan Hashmifriendly melodies; Pritam returns to his comfort zone with the soundtrack sequel to his hit score Jannat. And also reverts to a few musical formulae that rarely fail fans of this genre.In Tujhe Sochta Hoon, KK powercruises his vocals through an engrossing melody. His terrific control over mood and moment translates into magic, but Pritam's tricks are old - loopy basslines, eight-note piano backdrop, soothing guitars and solid beat-keeping drums. Nikhil D'Souza's version Sang Hoon Tere is neat but not as soulful as KK's. Also, the pop wash it gets doesn't bode well for its depth.Jannatein Kahan, which sounds like a natural extension of Zara sa dil mein of Jannat gets a mild electronica treatment and sharp KK vocals. Nikhil's rock version operates on a sweeter, grander scale.In Tu Hi Mera, Shafqat Amanat Ali is delightful as always but the chorus is just a snipped refrain of Pee Loon from Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai. Tera Deedar Hua starts off like an unplugged version of Summer of '69 but implodes into a confused mess. Rab Ka Shukrana is wearisome because it's so very overdone. All in all, Jannat 2 is a play-it-safe effort that captures a fine spark or two along the way.TEZZTezz dazeStrangely, so far, Sajid Wajid have delivered bang-up soundtracks only for their mentor Salman Khan's films (Dabangg, Wanted, Partner). Even their last effort - Housefull 2 - faithfully mirrored the brain-dead spirit of Sajid Khan movies and turned out just as revoltingly.While on their Tezz ride downhill, the brothers manage to plumb some new lows. Rahat Fateh Ali Khan's Tere Bina is so pedestrian that it could pass for a Busker song. The cliched tabla-keys parts and the lazy tune guarantees this to be a cure for insomnia. Three equally colourless versions triple up the trauma.The title track, littered with club beats and racy synths, is a depressing rip-off of the popular Greek song Misirlou, the Dick Dale version of which was made famous by Pulp Fiction. Mohit Chauhan lightens up a generic melody in Main Hoon Shab, while Sunidhi Chauhan zings up a sounds-like-the-90s item number, Laila, which has little going for it save for a catchy arrangement. Then there are five remixes that sound worse than their originals. This soundtrack's sure to leave a bad tezz in your mouth.BITTOO BOSS Bittoo lacks biteBittoo Boss' music buzzes with the Band Baaja Baaraat hangover just as much as its visuals do. Composers Raghav Sachar and Gajendra Verma struggle to rise above the Punjabi pop excesses. Bittoo Sab Ki Lega boasts a flowing chorus and Mika's bad attitude laid out on a ZZ Top-like rock riff. Kaun Kenda, which has a chunk borrowed from Kurbaan's Shukran Allah, is oversweet and tries too hard to please. Hip hop beats meld smoothly into Punjabi dhols in Audi (Tenu Tak De) while Kick Lag Gayi hooks you with its well-stylised sound. The rest of the tracklist may be forgotten before Bittoo can say 'V.D.O Shooter'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12618479", "title": "12 years after acid attack, woman gets promised job", "text": "CHENNAI: Morethan 12 years after G Velentina,26,suffered acid attack by a neighbour, the state government has now agreed to give her a job on compassionate grounds.But, an M Phil-holder in microbiology now, Velentina had to initiate contempt proceedings against health department officials, to finally win a job.In 2000, a Dhanasekar trespassed into her house in Villupuram district and poured acid on her face. Velentina suffered extensive burns on the face. Dhanasekar wasfound guilty by a trial court and was awarded 10 years in prison in 2001. The high court, confirming the sentence in 2008, directed the governmentto provide a suitable employment to her. The court recommended to the government to consider her casefor suitableemployment befitting her educational qualification, and also bear full costs for a facial surgery on humanitarian grounds.Though Velentina acquired an M Phil in microbiology over the years, the governmentwas notinclined to appoint her. When representations and reminders failed to evoke response, she initiated contempt proceedings against the director of medicaleducation.On Tuesday, Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar closed the contempt proceedings after the government furnished a copyof an order dated March 3, appointing Velentina as junior assistant in the Tamil Nadu Ministerial Services in a vacant post in the Directorate of Medical Education as a specialcase.The order, signed by health secretary Girija Vaidyanathan, said though instructions had been given to the director of medical education to provide arrangements for a facial surgery, Velentina had not approached authoritiestilldate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12623398", "title": "Suriya and Shankar \u2013 a heady combination!", "text": "Director Shankar's next project is the most expected in the tinsel town. The director had announced sometime ago that he is penning the story.The buzz now is that writer duo Suresh and Bala, known as SuBa, are working on the screenplay and dialogues for this project.It is said that Shankar is eying Suriya for this film and had called him for a discussion. We are also told that the star is impressed with the script and wanting to work with the ace director has decided to give him the dates that were saved for Hari's Singam 2.In all probability, we may get an official confirmation about this project, very soon. Suriya and Shankar is really a heady combination!Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12617186", "title": "Metro overcomes another hurdle", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur metro work between Shyam Nagar and Ram Nagar station is expected to start soon as necessary directions have been issued for temporary rehabilitation of the affected houses and for taking possession of the acquired land.Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) chief managing director N C Goyal during his first visit to the metro sites on Tuesday issued the directions after he was briefed by officials that the delay in land transfer between two stations has hit a major roadblock in completing the 9.2 kilometers route (Mansarovar to Chandpole) within the deadline of June 2013.Goyal said as 12 houses at Ved Vatika colony has been a hurdle to the project, the issue should be settled soon and the occupants rehabilitated temporarily at the earliest to allow the project to go on.The delay had been a cause of worry for the DMRC officials as no work has been initiated between the two stations so far. The work between Shyaam Nagar and Ram Nagar station has also not started as the land owner of Dhamani Garden, where rehabilitiation of 12 houses of Ved Vatika colony were proposed, has move court.\"The house owners of Ved Vatika had demanded that they should be rehabilitated near to their houses. To convince them to shift to the temporary location would be difficult if the land is not located close by,\" an official source at the JMRC said.Taking possession of the land has become very important as DMRC officials have shown concern with a time period of only one year and three months remain for completion of the project. The land was expected to be transferred in December. Officials believe the work, including piling, peering, and laying of bed for tracks requires around 12 to 13 months' time. Frequent accidents at Metro sites have already delayed the Jaipur Metro Rail project by two months.An official said after one accident, the project work is stopped for three to four days. Because of the past accidents, work got delayed by a month.DMRC project director Lalit Meghnani said, \"If land is not transferred immediately, a possibility of delay can emerge as beyond a limit, things cannot be compressed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/new delhi", "code": "12615281", "title": "No proof to try Narendra Modi in Gulbarg case", "text": "AHMEDABAD/NEW DELHI: A Supreme Court-appointed panel has not found any evidence against Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and 62 others in a case based on the 2002 communal riots filed against them by Zakia Jafri. Zakia's husband, former Congress MP Ehsan Jafri, was set on fire at Gulbarg Society in 2002 while trying to protect his neighbours from a mob. Zakia had alleged that Modi was among 62 people who colluded to ensure that assistance did not reach those being attacked.Metropolitan magistrate M S Bhatt in his Tuesday order said that the SC-mandated special investigation team (SIT) had filed a \"closure report against the accused persons\" that said there was no evidence to establish offences against the accused. On Zakia's plea for a copy of SIT report, he asked the agency to provide a copy of the report along with witnesses' statements and all documents to her within 30 days.The Supreme Court had asked SIT to probe Zakia's allegation that the Gulbarg Society massacre - in which 69 people were killed - was the result of a larger conspiracy. According to sources, SIT chief RK Raghavan has recommended departmental inquiry against two police officers, M K Tandon (joint police commissioner in 2002) and P B Gondia (then deputy commissioner of police) since he did not have any evidence to file a charge-sheet against them.The BJP heaved a sigh of \"big relief\". Leader of the Opposition Sushma Swaraj tweeted, \"No evidence against Narendra Modi, says the SIT appointed by the Supreme Court. A big relief for us. Ten years of vilification must stop.\"Congress's Gujarat in-charge Mohan Prakash said, \"It's an irony that nobody from Gujarat government wants to own up the responsibility for the killing of 69 people and are citing SIT report as their victory. It's unfortunate for democratic and secular values. But I think this is BJP's ideology. Zakia Jafri's questions still remain unanswered but BJP has to answer her questions.\"\"I am saddened but confident I will get justice. I will fight for justice till I am alive,\" Zaki told news agencies.In an impromptu press conference, BJP's chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad emphasized that SIT was appointed by the SC and had also monitored its investigation into the Gulbarga Society case. \"If media reports that SIT found no prosecutable evidence against Modi are true, then we are very relieved as an international and national campaign against Modi to somehow frame him for the Gujarat riots was on for the last 10 years,\" Prasad said.On September 12 last year, the SC had refrained from passing any order on Zakia's petition and had asked the trial court to decide on the case on the basis of SIT report. Immediately after the SC order last year, Modi had tweeted, \"God is great,\" and announced a three-day Sadbhavana fast. On Tuesday, he refrained from tweeting.Supreme Court amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran has disagreed with SIT on certain crucial aspects, like whether the evidence is enough to start prosecution or not. The probe agency has also annexed Ramachandran's report in its final report. Senior cops like retired DGP R B Sreekumar and suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt have accused SIT of ignoring the evidence that they have provided.The 63 people that Zakia had named in her plea were virtually the who's who of Sangh parivar and the government in 2002. Besides Modi, the list of 63 included a string of ministers, top VHP leaders like Praveen Togadia, then police commissioners of Ahmedabad and Vadodara apart from a long list of top cops and MLAs. Former chief secretary, home secretary and legal secretary were also named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616275", "title": "\u2018Sexual freedom\u2019 parade at Jantar Mantar this weekend", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city's favourite protest venue, Jantar Mantar, is all set for a 'demonstration with a difference' as prostitutes, pornographic actors and brothel owners prepare to lay siege to the historic monument to demand sexual freedom - legalizing prostitution, sex toys, pornography and homosexuality. Indians for Sexual Liberties, a little known organization that is spearheading this movement, claims to have invited filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt and porn actor Sunny Leone as chief guests.\"The sexual freedom parade will be held from Barakhamba Road crossing to Jantar Mantar at 4.30pm on Saturday. After that, we will assemble at Jantar Mantar, where sex workers fighting for their community will be awarded,\" said Laxman Singh, founder and national coordinator of Indians for Sexual Liberties.The Delhi-based organization describes itself as a common ground for \"people who sell sex, contact or BDSM (bondage, discipline, submission, masochism) services; people who work for or run agencies, websites or brothels; strippers, erotic dancers and glamour models, porn actors and filmmakers, phone sex workers and webcam models\".Additional DCP, New Delhi, Seju Kuruvilla confirmed that permission has been given to the organization to hold a protest rally and assemble at Jantar Mantar. \"The protest will not go on for more than two hours,\" he said. While Mahesh Bhatt could not be contacted, a source close to Sunny Leone said that she might not turn up for the event due to her busy schedule.Activists, however, claim that close to 500 sex workers and professionals associated with the porn industry, including those running websites and brothels, have confirmed their participation. \"We have prepared banners and posters depicting examples from ancient history and mythology to show freedom of sex in that era. The British laws later put restrictions,\" claimed Singh, who is pursuing PhD in international politics. Anjali Gopalan, the founder and executive director of Naz Foundation that works for HIV/AIDS and sexual health , said she will not be in India on Saturday.The activists said their motto is to initiate debate and spread knowledge regarding sexual freedom among Indian masses. \"We want the government to acknowledge the gravity of this issue and initiate legal reforms like legalization of prostitution and pornography as well as removal of ban on sex toys in India. When the very sexual act is permissible, why not its various manifestations and depiction?\" said Singh.Umang Sabharwal, organizer of 'Slutwalk' arthaat besharmi Morcha, said she did not agree with the demands made by the organization so she might not participate in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12618205", "title": "School boy misses exam after being caught as a suspect", "text": "BHOPAL: A student was unable to appear in the exam after police allegedly caught him on suspicion of vehicle lifting here in Talleya area on Tuesday morning. The 16 year old boy a student of class IX was on way to appear in the final examinations.It is learnt the boy was caught by some people near the Iqbal Maidan who suspected him to be a vehicle lifter. The people handed over the boy to the police.The policemen took the boy with them even as he pleaded that he had to appear in the examination. The victim, a resident of Kotwali area, was released a few hours later. However, by the time he was released it was too late and he had already missed his exam.\"A few local residents had brought the boy to the police station. He was released soon after and no case has been registered in this regard\", said CSP Manu Vyas.Teenager murdered: The body of a teenaged boy was recovered in the forest close to Khajhda village in Nazirabad, some 60 kms from the state capital on Tuesday. The body bore injuries on the head.Nazirabad police said the deceased has been identified as Jagdish who was missing for the past two days. His family members had also lodged a missing person report.Police said the teenager was murdered and his body was hidden under the stones. Few passers-by spotted it and informed the police. The corpse was handed over to family after autopsy. Investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12615708", "title": "Talwars likely to appear for hearing today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Doctor couple Rajesh Talwar and Nupur Talwar is likely to be present at the special CBI court for the next hearing in the Aarushi-Hemraj case on Wednesday. Recently, the Allahabad high court had issued a notice to Dr Rajesh Talwar after the CBI filed an application seeking the cancellation of bail granted to him.The CBI had moved an application before the high court challenging the March 14 order of the Ghaziabad court extending the bail granted to Rajesh Talwar till April 11. The CBI contested the decision saying that Talwar had to apply for regular bail and the Supreme Court's order was wrongly interpreted by the lower court (Ghaziabad court). The CBI had also asked for judicial custody of his wife Nupur.Earlier, on March 14, the special CBI court had upheld the Supreme Court's order of January 9 and allowed Dr Rajesh Talwar to remain on bail when he came to court. The court had also granted relief to Nupur Talwar, who remained absent from the hearing, and asked her to be present in the court within 30 days.Dr Rajesh Talwar had been arrested by Noida Police in 2008 after the murders but he had been released under section 169 CrPC when CBI claimed that he had no role in murders. It was after CBI filed a final report in the case in 2010 December when CBI court made him and Nupur Talwar accused for murder and destruction of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12616631", "title": "4 pupils of personnel management in top 10", "text": "LUDHIANA: Four students have brought laurels to the city by securing top positions in Panjab University's Post Graduate Diploma in Personnel Management and Labour Welfare (PGDPM&LW;). They have bagged second, third, fifth and seventh positions in the first semester exams. All top scorers are students of Guru Nanak Girls College, Model Town.Resident of Dugri, Ishmeet Kaur bagged the second position with 83.11%. She said, ''Preparing personal notes worked wonders for me because I used simple language to explain things.''Ishmeet, who has done BCom, said, ''I got a distinction in PGDCA but never secured any position. This time I was more focussed on my goal and managed to achieve it with hardwork and determination.''Talking about her future plans, she adds, ''I am moving to Australia in July for Certified Professional Accountancy Course to get international exposure.''Resident of Hawas, Rupinder Kaur Mann stood third in university with 82.44%. She said, ''I attribute my success to three factors - my teacher, parents who guided me at every step and the calm of the night which helped me concentrate better.'' She adds, ''After completing this course I plan to pursue MBA. Later, I would like to take up a job with an MNC.''Resident of Razoor, Amandeep Kaur secured the fifth position with 81.11%. She said, ''Making a timetable and sticking to it worked for me. I never cheated on my timetable and I believe this is the reason I managed to secure a position in top 10.''Resident of Dugri, Silky Kaura secured seventh position with 77.55%. She said, ''I believe there is no substitute for hardwork and sheer hardwork alone worked for me. Every day, I made it a point to study for two to three hours and this regularity helped me secure good marks.'' She adds, ''I dream to become a successful entrepreneur. Achieving a good position in exams, I believe, is a step towards my dream.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12617405", "title": "3 die, 8 hurt in mishap at Udumalpet", "text": "COIMBATORE: A road trip to southern Tamil Nadu turned tragic for a 11-member family from Thalassery after their vehicle swerved off the road and tumbled into a roadside canal killing three of them and grievously injuring the rest in the wee hours on Tuesday.The condition of an 18-year-old girl involved in the mishap is extremely critical. She is on ventilator support at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.The remaining seven are undergoing treatment at a private hospital in the city; five of them are in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of the hospital.According to Udumalpet police, the ill-fated family members started the tour from their homes in Thalassery on Monday night. They had plans to visit major tourist and pilgrimage centres like Palani, Madurai, Kodaikkanal and Rameshwaram.The mishap occurred around 4.30am. Their vehicle spun out of control and rammed the railings of a small roadside bridge over a dried-up canal on Pollachi-Udumalpet Road and tumbled down the slope for at least 15 feet before coming to rest. It was a mangled chunk of metal strewn with blood and human tissues by then.The deceased were identified as R Manojkumar (48), his mother Rukmini Ramachandran (70) and cousin Shibinraj (24). The 18-year-old who is in a highly critical state is Shincy, a BDS student.\"We suspect the driver (Manojkumar) fell asleep and lost control of the Bolero,\" said S Senthil, deputy superintendent of police, Udumalpet.The injured are Beena Manojkumar (38), Vinodkumar (44), Beena Vinodkumar (33), M Nandana (9), M Adwaith (12), V Sreerag (12) and V Sreelakshmi (11). Apart from Adwaith and Vinodkumar, the remaining are in the ICU.\"They are in a very critical state. We are waiting for their relatives to arrive,\" said doctors attending on them at the hospital. It was the locals and the police team that undertook rescue operations. Rukmini and Shibinraj died on the spot while Manojkumar was declared brought dead by doctors at Udumalpet government hospital. The remaining eight were rushed to the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital from where seven of them were shifted to KG Hospital. Shincy was placed on the ventilator facility at the CMC Hospital.Udumalpet police have registered a case in connection with the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12618280", "title": "Public-private partnership model holds promise for educating poor", "text": "The country is yet to realize the power of public-private partnership (PPP) in education sector, particularly at the school level.However, the adoption of the model in Rajasthan has demonstrated that much can be done in giving the underprivileged children an opportunity to participate in India's growth story.Modern education that significantly enhances the employability prospects still remains out of reach for the poor.But the state's admission of the reality with regard to the quality of education at the government schools and its willingness to adopt PPP model is holding out hope that rural school education can be drastically improved.The partnership between the government of Rajasthan and Bharti Foundation has moved beyond providing free meals and uniforms.\"We want the children to become the agents of change for the future with a deep sense of commitment to their communities. The aim of providing free quality education is to bring about a holistic development of these children and inculcating values to turn them into global citizens,\" said Rakesh Bharti Mittal, co-chairman, Bharti Foundation.Bharti Foundation has adopted 49 government schools. While the government provides free mid-day meals and books, all other expenses are borne by the foundation.Under the name Satya Bharti School, the foundation runs 78 schools in the state with 29 of them being its own located in various parts of the state.The focus of the curriculum in these schools is not confined to the quality education given the fact that state faces challenges in curbing cases of female feticide, improving the ratio of girl child education and discouraging child marriage.\"This PPP initiative with the government of Rajasthan goes beyond providing free quality education. The thrust on bringing girl child within the fold of education has already started paying dividends. Girl students studying in these schools account for 51% of the total enrolment,\" said Sudipto Chowdhury, CEO, Airtel, Rajasthan circle.Even the attendance in these government schools has seen a sharp increase. Computer education, games, drawing and other infrastructure facilities have encouraged parents to send their children regularly. Also an eclectic mix of curriculum that involves extra-curricular activities has been able to retain the interest of the children.\"In the last three years, the level of attendance has shot up by 50%,\" says a teacher of the school.Currently the schools are operating in primary and mid-elementary segments. But the foundation is in talks with the state government to take over schools at the secondary education segment.\"We are planning to have around eight secondary schools and are in talks with the state government. We are also planning to provide vocational training to the students, enhancing their employability,\" said Mittal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12617803", "title": "Karthikeyan back as corporation commissioner", "text": "CHENNAI: It is a post swap that surprised even the city's mayor.The government late on Tuesday brought back D Karthikeyan as the Chennai Corporation commissioner. And it has asked present commissioner P W C Davidar to take charge as the chairman and managing director of the Tamil Nadu Civil Supplies Corporation, a post Karthikeyan held.Mayor Sadai Duraisamy said he was surprised about the news when TOI contacted him in the evening. \"I don't know the reason for the change,\" he said.Karthikeyan, who ran the corporation affairs from September 2010 to December 2011, was moved out to the civil supplies corporation after the civic polls in October.When Davidar took over as the commissioner in December last year, complaints of garbage pile-up were flying thick and fast. The monsoon ensured that his cup of woes spilled over. Davidar, at his first press outing, set a deadline of 10 days to level out potholes in the city. He also came up with the idea of plastic roads and, for garbage treatment, floated global tenders to set up integrated solid waste management plant.However, garbage clearance happens in fits and starts despite the chief minister and the mayor listing a 'clean Chennai' on top of their wish list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12615779", "title": "Won\u2019t support Congress even to keep BJP at bay: Karat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM said on Tuesday it would not support Congress even to keep BJP out of power and that its objective in the next Lok Sabha polls would be to defeat UPA, in a formulation which suggested that it would support any initiative to form an alternative secular coalition.CPM general secretary Prakash Karat curtly ruled out the possibility of Congress getting Left's support by default in order to keep communal forces at bay. He said the situation after 2014 polls would be vastly different from 2004 when the Left had automatically sided with Congress.The assertion, made after the CPM Congress meeting that renewed Karat's third term at the helm after elaborate discussions, puts Left and Congress at loggerheads as had happened in the mid-90s when the Third Front emerged the preferred option for the Communists. He came close to suggesting that Third Front components could be in a dictating position after 2014, with satraps like Mulayam Singh Yadav, Nitish Kumar, YSR Congress and NCP gaining a numerical parity with Congress.The categorical assertion from the communist leader evoked a terse reaction from Congress which urged people to judge the CPM's new political line as its reassessed position on the need to contain communal forces.AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"While we respect the right of every political party to have an understanding of the political situation, the reaction of the CPM leader leads to an inescapable conclusion that they seem to be abdicating their role in the fight against fundamentalism, communalism and right reaction. It is for all the right-thinking and pluralistic people to evaluate CPM's position in this context.\"The blunt riposte from Congress, suggesting that CPM be blamed if communal forces (read BJP) strengthened their position in future, appeared aimed at pushing Left to its old position when it backed Congress despite serious differences over policy issues, finally resulting in estrangement over Indo-US civilian nuclear deal in UPA-1.Congress leaders believe that Left would not be able to withstand the pressure if post-poll situation developed into a choice between Congress or BJP. It is felt that Left would face serious reaction from Muslims if it let the saffron forces come to power. Given the reverses suffered in Bengal and Kerala, AICC leaders said Left would not like to box itself in such a situation and termed Left's new strident line as \"understandable\".Karat, however, suggested Left did not see itself faced with \"BJP or Congress\" choice because the national parties had shrunk in last three years, creating a large space for anti-BJP, anti-Congress forces. \"Left also hopes to occupy that space,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12616512", "title": "Cop charged with helping suspect flee", "text": "PUNE: The Bund Garden police filed a chargesheet against police naik Sumersingh Patil for allegedly facilitating the escape of Yogesh Raut, one of the main suspects in the gang rape and murder case of software engineer Nayana Pujari.The chargesheet was filed before judicial magistrate first class Rohidas Wankhade on March 19. Raut was shown as an absconding suspect in the chargesheet.Senior inspector Ukaji Sonawane told TOI that the chargesheet against Patil was filed as investigations had revealed that he had helped Raut escape from Sassoon general hospital on September 17, 2011. Patil was arrested and suspended from service. He was later released on bail.The chargesheet was filed under sections 224 and 225 of the Indian Penal Code.According to Sonawane, several policemen, who had brought Raut and other undertrial prisoners to the hospital from the Yerawada central prison for treatment, are witnesses in the case.Investigations revealed that Patil had provided false information to his superior that Raut had fled on the pretext of going to toilet. However, hawaldar Nivrutti Chavan, who was in charge of escorting criminals when Raut had escaped, has given a statement to the police that there was no toilet or bathroom on the first floor.Chavan had said that when he rushed to ward no. 33 after Patil failed to return with Raut, he found Patil standing near a stair case with the handcuff. He had sought an explanation from Patil but he refused to give any details. This made him feel that the suspect has escaped from Patil's custody.According to Chavan, he and the other policemen searched the hospital and alerted the city police control room and the superiors after Patil confirmed that Raut had escaped after he had removed his handcuffs for going to toilet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "12616510", "title": "Denied entry during boards, councillor\u2019s sister thrashes cop in Sirsa", "text": "SIRSA: Barely two days after a Sonipat teacher was mowed down by students for not letting them cheat during examinations, a municipal councilor's sister and her accomplices allegedly beat up an assistant sub inspector (ASI) on duty at Government Senior Secondary School, Kirti Nagar, on Tuesday for not letting them enter the premises.The unsavoury incident took place when Hindi examination for class XII students of Haryana open board was in progress.Acting on the complaint lodged of ASI Rajender Kumar, police have registered a case against Kamlesh Rani, councilor Angrej Bhatla's sister. Even though Bhatla has claimed that his sister had gone to the school for a child's admission, sources maintained that she had come to help somebody taking the examinations.Inquiries revealed that within minutes of the examiners' distributing question papers, Kamlesh, who is in her mid 40s, came to school along with some unidentified persons but was stopped by the officer. Before Rajender could alert his colleagues or seniors, Kamlesh and those accompanying her started thrashing him and escaped before sub inspector Dalbir Singh, in charge of Kirti Nagar police post, could reach the spot.\"The ASI informed us that she (Kamlesh) had come with some chits for cheating purpose. We are investigating,'' said Dalbir.A case has been registered under various sections of IPC against Kamlesh and others.Dismissing the allegations, Bhatla said, \"My sister visited the school for the admission of a child. The ASI started misbehaving with her as some examination was going on there. He did not bother to ask her purpose of her visit. We will now go to the DSP headquarter for fair investigation into the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "delhi/kolkata", "code": "12617679", "title": "Mamata Banerjee wrests more funds for Bengal, Plan outlay hiked by 16%", "text": "DELHI/KOLKATA: The war of nerves between the Centre and the West Bengal government showed signs of a let up on Tuesday with the Planning Commission approving a 16% hike in the state's Plan outlay and pegging it at Rs 25,910 crore - a reward to chief minister Mamata Banerjee for throwing her weight behind the UPA government in its hour of need.Mamata herself did the talking with Plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia for over an hour on Tuesday, elaborating on her roadmap and convincing the panel members to release more funds for the state. State finance minister Amit Mitra accompanied the CM.The Centre's support will help Mitra protect the Rs 23,200-crore state Plan outlay that had become vulnerable given the state's frayed coffers and also leave him with some extra money in hand.\"I am happy to announce that a Plan size of Rs 25,910 crore has been approved for West Bengal for 2012-13. That is an increase of over 16% compared to allocation in previous financial year,\" Ahluwalia said after the meeting. \"We had comprehensive discussion on infrastructure projects and the possibility of using the PPP (public-private-partnership) for that. We have offered support to the state government on PPP initiatives,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12616818", "title": "Big problem, limited action", "text": "LUDHIANA: A campaign started by the traffic police to rid the city of haphazard parking is bearing little fruits. As, the department is \"concentrating on a few areas and ignoring others\", which, too, are plagued by chaotic parking.Harish Kaura of BRS Nagar feels that the towing campaign of the traffic department has not much changed the situation. ''The real problem is that parking space is scarce and towing vehicles is not a solution. In an area where many vehicles have been stationed wrongly, towing one of these is not a solution... and it will hardly check defaulters,\" he says.He adds, ''There is an urgent need to solve traffic problems in city, especially in areas which have been ignored by the traffic department. Although there has been some improvement in Ghumar Mandi, busy areas , like Pakhowal Road, remain clogged by the problem.\"Teja Singh, a resident of Tagore Nagar, says, ''After the implementation of tow campaign, things have not much improved. The authorities concerned should ensure the drive is strictly implemented. For instance, there are a number of roads where yellow lines are not marked, making residents park their vehicles haphazardly. The tow campaign has been successful in Ghumar Mandi, but parking in other areas is still a nightmare.\"Ram Singh of South City says, ''The traffic department should make a list of areas plagued by the problem and focus on them. The authorities should also spread awareness regarding the right way to park vehicles and also mark yellow lines on roads.''Jaspreet Singh of Sarabha Nagar says, ''I have seen traffic cops towing away vehicles in the morning. But at night, the situation is worse because residents know that no action will be taken. The authorities should tow away vehicles in the evening too if they want to send across their message clearly.\"ACP, traffic, Swapan Sharma, said, ''Things are improving gradually and the campaign is successful. In March, we towed 1,640 vehicles from various areas and collected Rs 8,20,000 from defaulters.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12618467", "title": "Jailed woman Maoist walks free, offers to end hostage crisis", "text": "KORAPUT: A local court in Odisha acquitted the jailed wife of a top Maoist leader on Tuesday, thereby raising the hope of an early release of Italian tourist Bosusco Paolo who was kidnapped by communist rebels on March 14.Additional district judge (Gunupur in Rayagada district) B Pratap Chandra Patnaik acquitted Subhashree alias Mili, wife of Sabyasachi Panda, chief of the Maoists' Odisha State Organising Committee (OSOC) for lack of evidence. She was facing trail for her alleged involvement in a firing incident in 2003. \"The court acquitted Subhashree for lack of evidence,\" said her advocate, Brahamananda Pattnaik.After the judgment, Subhashree walked out of the jail after she collected her belongings. Her father, Dhanurdhar Das, and mother, Jyotirmoyee (BJD councilor of Nimapada municipality), reached Gunupur sub-jail around 10.45 am to help her return home. An hour earlier, Subhashree, who was wearing a sari and sunglasses, was brought to court amid tight security.\"A police escort party had brought Subhashree's release order. After she completed official formalities, she collected her belongings and left the jail at 11.15 am,\" said Gunupur sub-jail jailor Dolo Gobinda Behera.Subhashree's acquittal and release coincided with her husband's deadline of April 10 for the release of Maoist prisoners in lieu of Paolo's freedom. She was first arrested in a case relating to the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act in January 2010 and was acquitted by the high court in September 2011. She was again caught by Rayagada police on October 21, 2011 for her involvement in a gun battle between security personnel and Maoists in Kutinguda forest under Gudari police limits. Following this, she was sent to Gunupur jail.Speaking to TOI, Subhashree's lawyer said she had been arrested on charges of being present, along with her husband, at the encounter site during the gun battle. Police had given a list of 18 witnesses against her in the case. While 13, including 10 policemen, were examined by the court, the rest did not turn up. Her statement was recorded on April 5 and the verdict was kept reserved.\"It is the victory of truth. The government implicated and arrested me in a false case. Now I have been given justice by the court. I fought the case and won my legal battle in court,\" Mili told TOI.Fearing her re-arrest, Subhashree, said, \"I have learnt that police have issued a warrant against me for my alleged involvement in the Nayagarh armoury loot case. If the government says it has freed me, then why has it issued a warrant against me? I may be arrested at any moment.\"Subhashree offered to mediate for the release of Paolo. \"If the government approaches me I am ready to play the role of an interlocutor to end the hostage crisis,\" she said. Accusing the government of playing games with Maoists, she added, \"The government should make its stand clear through the media as to how many demands of the Maoists have been fulfilled. The government is in a problem due to its own double standards.\"Citing her own case as an example, she said, \"I fought and won my case at the court but the government says that it has facilitated my release. If the government has released me, then why has a fresh warrant been issued against me? The government should make its stand clear.\"Appealing to the Maoists not to harm Paolo and BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka, who was abducted by the rebels on March 23, she said, \"Since their families are traumatized, I hope for an early end to the hostage crisis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616170", "title": "Passengers jump off train after faux smoke alarm, 4 hurt", "text": "MUMBAI: Four people, including two women , were injured after they jumped off a moving local near Kopar station allegedly after spotting smoke emanating from a boogie. The incident took place on Sunday evening.Railway officials, however, said the commuters mistook sparks flying off a pantograph for smoke.The injured are Dilip Shetty (42), his wife Dity (37) and his in-laws, Sunita Chandane (64) and Anant Chandane (74).Dity sustained a fracture in her left hand while Sunita has fractured her leg.Central Railway has given Rs 5,000 each to Dity and Sunita as ex gratia payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12616599", "title": "Security guards held for scrap theft", "text": "LUDHIANA: A case of scrap theft in Seth Engineering Factory in Focal Point has been reported on Tuesday. Cops have arrested security guards, Makhan Singh who is a resident of Sangrur and Sukhdev Singh who is a resident of Moga, in the matter.According to the statement of the owner, Ashok Singh Garcha, previously too they had noticed scrap missing from the factory, but failed to catch the culprit. On Monday, they again noticed scrap stolen and when the CCTV footage was checked, they saw both accused leading a tempo with stolen material, he added. Following which they informed the police. According to the factory owner, the stolen material was over Rs 50,000.Additional SHO, Mukesh Kumar said, ''We have arrested both accused and registered a case. We have also arrested scrap dealer, Shiv Shankar who purchased the stolen material from accused.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12616674", "title": "State varsities not prepared to hold union elections", "text": "PATNA: Even as the state government has given the green signal for conducting students' union elections, universities in Bihar are unlikely to have the union elections in the near future. Under the existing circumstances, no university would dare conduct student union polls.Even as the Patna University Act, 1976 and the Bihar State Universities Act, 1976 as amended up to date provide for holding elections to the university students union every year, a statute relating to the conduct of the elections has not been assented to by the competent authority so far. A draft statute framed by Patna University and cleared by the senate with some amendments is pending with the chancellor's secretariat for the last several years.A committee headed by Magadh University VC B N Pandey was constituted in 2008 by the then chancellor R L Bhatia to draft statutes for the conduct of students' union elections.The committee submitted the draft statutes for the final assent of the chancellor. But nobody knows what happened to this draft statute.In February , 2010, the Patna high court directed the state government to frame statutes for students' union elections in universities and colleges by March 29. The counsel of chancellor had submitted that the chancellor has circulated the draft statutes for holding students' union polls to all the universities seeking their suggestions, opinions and objections.Meanwhile, more than a year back, the chancellor had approved a transitory provision for constituting students' union in all the universities on an ad-hoc basis on the basis of nomination. But no university could be able to form such union in view of stiff opposition from various student organisations owing allegiance to different political parties.PU VC Shambhu Nath Singh, when contacted, said the university had not yet received any such communication from the state government.He would consider of holding any election to the union only after the receipt of the government letter. Moreover, the elections would be held strictly as per the statutes to be assented to by the chancellor. Any election held contrary to the Supreme Court directive pertaining to Lyngdoh Committee recommendations would invite contempt of court, he said.Elections to the students' unions in the state's varsities have not been held for the last 28 years.The last election to Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) was held in 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12617377", "title": "People brave rain to shop for Rongali Bihu", "text": "GUWAHATI: Despite the rain, the festive spirit amongst people was evident with the number of them visiting different shops and shopping malls for the much-awaited Rongali Bihu.Since most people opt for traditional wear during the festive season, the shops are filled with traditional mekhla chador in muga, paat, cotton and synthetic fabrics. Mekhla chador in cotton and synthetic top the shoppers' list this time.Jahnavi Deka, who was looking for a paat mekhla chador at an Artfed, said, \" When we think of Rongali Bihu, the first image that flashes in our minds is that of a girl in traditional wear swaying to the tunes of bihu songs; this is why most people still prefer to dress traditionally during Rongali Bihu. I don't know about others, but I will opt for a paat or muga mekhla chador than something fancy for bihu.\"Commenting on the erratic weather, she said, \" Yes , the weather is bad and it's raining almost everyday, but it won't stop people from shopping.\"Salesman Pritam Deka of Artfed said, \"A prive of a paat mekhla chador or saree starts at Rs 4,000. The price varies depending on the kind of motifs and works; those with heavy motifs cost more. During bihu, people usually visit the artfed for mekhla chador and saree as here the fabric is genuine and the customers get value for their money.\"The shops in the city malls are also coming up with various festive offers while some malls have bihu themes. Kavita Das, who was seen at a mall near GS Road, said, \"Some malls have a festive theme every month and the theme for this month is bihu as it is the biggest festival of the state; this actually helps people get into the festive mood.\"She added, \"During Bihu, you don't shop for yourself alone, but for your entire family. So, I prefer visiting a mall than hopping from one shop to another situated in different parts of the city. It also saves time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12621523", "title": "I \u2013Ching, the language of changing lines", "text": "I -Ching, the ancient science of lines and coins still faces unacceptance and is called an artEverything that happens in a given situation at a given time is related to and participates with everything else. As Carl Jung put it, \"Every process is partially or totally interfered with by chance, so much so that under natural circumstances a course of events absolutely conforming to specific laws is almost an exception.\"The I Ching, or Book of Changes, is the world's oldest known book and earliest intuitive decision-making system of any complexity. Written, compiled and edited by Confucius from ancient Chinese tests, scrolls and manuscripts predating him by a thousand years, it was meant as a manual for lower level clerks in the Chinese government services, to prepare them for promotions and higher levels of responsibilities. The basic reality of this ancient Chinese knowledge is that everything changes; what may be relevant to your space and time will not be so may be a month or so down the line; things will have changed and new facts will be relevant.\"I-Ching - the Book of Changes is quite in keeping with the philosophy of French philosopher and Jesuit priest Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, palaeontologist and geologist who earned the disfavour of the Church for his beliefs in Darwinian evolution, - man whose philosophy and beliefs I greatly admire and have always believed in. He believed that everything in the universe was flux (change) and moving to a completion point that he called the omega point. Once it touched the omega point it changed once again to a simple form and continued the process of evolution. The intellectual community has forgotten him today,\" said Dan Driscoll, the man who has sought answers from divination and its means, during a chat session at Gitanjali Art Gallery in Panjim. Instead of drawing a parallel between other forms of mystic reading and I-Ching, Dan co-related the basic principal of this 'wisdom' with that of a great twentieth century philosopher.There has been a lot of study and discussion that has happened over the years about Theory of Synchronicity that derives or is the basis of I Ching.Meena Shah, a practicing tarot reader from Mumbai said that the 'science' was very difficult to learn and practice. \"I tried learning, but it's not so easy. And it's a 'science'.\"Mathematician Larry Schoenholtz points out that there are several scientific theories that seem to validate the synchronicity theory. In his book, New Directions in the I Ching, he has said, \"Since I have mentioned the connection of synchronicity with the better-known theories of mainstream physics, I shall mention other parallels as well. The phenomenon of radioactive decay has been particularly baffling from the causal viewpoint. The spontaneous disintegration of certain atoms through radioactive emission is an event for which modern physics cannot provide an answer.\" This coming from a mathematician surely establishes I Ching as a science.Radhika Bose, however, is not convinced. \"Tarot, crystal gazing, I Ching are all divination techniques that have more to do with intuition and less to do with science,\" said this MSc student.Dan admitted that he and his wife consulted the I-Ching quite often till the 1980s and that it was a primary guiding force for most of their lives' problems. \"And by then the I-Ching was telling me that I had referred to it once too often and that I did not need it any more.\"The discussion really doesn't have any end as one will always find people who trust the divination techniques and people who don't. However, since a philosopher takes credit for compiling it and a new age mathematician assertively authorises it as a science, one is compelled to think of I Ching as an ancient science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616244", "title": "Custody death: Yunus kin to get 20Lakh, but 10 cops spared", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday enhanced the compensation payable to the family of Khwaja Yunus, an accused in the 2002 Ghatkopar blast case who allegedly died in custody, from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 20 lakh for \"violation of fundamental rights\" of the 27-year-old and his mother Asiya Begum (65).However, a division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice P D Kode rejected a plea to prosecute 10 policemen for Yunus's alleged custodial death.\"This is the highest ever compensation awarded by a court for custodial death,\" said Asiya Begum's advocate Mihir Desai.The judges said Asiya Begum was free to file a suit for additional compensation, which would have to be decided on its own merits. The state, which has already given Rs 3 lakh to Yunus's parents, has now been directed to pay the remaining Rs 17 lakh within eight weeks. It was up to the state to recover the amount proportionately from the police officers responsible for Yunus's disappearance, the judges added.The Ghatkopar BEST bus blast took place on December 2, 2002, killing two persons. Yunus, a software engineer with a Dubai firm, was arrested on December 25 with three others. He was kept at the Ghatkopar police station.Cops claimed that on January 6, 2003, Yunus absconded while being taken to Aurangabad for further investigation when their vehicle met with an accident near Ahmednagar. Co-accused Dr Abdul Mateen, who was in an adjacent cell in the police station, alleged that Yunus was tortured and his escape theory was staged.Initially, Yunus's father Ayub filed a habeas corpus petition for his production. The state CID sought the prosecution of 14 policemen for their alleged role in Yunus's \"custodial death\". After Ayub's death, Asiya Begum amended the petition to make 14 policemen as accused and sought Rs 20 lakh as compensation.In December 2007, the government granted sanction to prosecute only four of the 14 cops-then assistant police inspector Sachin Waze and constables Rajaram Nikam, Rajendra Tiwari and Sunil Desai.The 10 policemen include then ACP Ambadas Pote, officers Arun Borude (who has died), Praful Bhosale, Hemant Desai, Rajaram Vahamane, Rajendra Joshi, Ashok Khot, Kanhaiya Thorat, Giridhar Gore and constable Dattatray Jori.The judges said the sanctioning authority was satisfied that there was no likelihood of the 10 policemen being convicted and it would be a case of their persecution. \"It is not for this court to sit over the said opinion as a court of appeal. It cannot be said that the sanctioning authority has not taken into account the totality of the circumstances,\" said the court.The judges further said the sanction was limited to the police team that took Yunus out of the lock-up in healthy condition and was allegedly responsible for causing his death or disappearance en route to Aurangabad.Asiya Begum welcomed the court's decision to raise the compensation. \"I am satisfied, but the compensation can never compensate for our loss. Yunus was the only bread-earner in the family. Even though he was not involved (in the blast), the police illegally arrested him...The 10 officers may have got the clean chit. But there is something called the Almighty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12616542", "title": "GSPC hikes CNG, PNG prices", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state public sector undertaking (PSU), GSPC Gas has hiked piped natural gas (PNG) prices by 30 per cent and compressed natural gas (CNG) prices by 10 per cent. Citing non-allocation of cheaper natural gas from the Union government as the reason for the hike, GSPC Gas Company (GGC), a subsidiary of GSPC, revised PNG prices from Rs 16.91 per standard cubic meter to Rs 20.91 per scm and CNG from Rs 45.25 per kg to Rs 50.20 per kg. The revision of PNG prices will be for domestic users.GSPC supplies pipeline gas to domestic consumers in several cities of Gujarat and also provides gas to small and medium industries. GSPC has 130 CNG stations across the state. Earlier this month, Adani Gas Ltd had too hiked PNG and CNG prices.Adani Gas and GSPC Gas depend heavily on imported gas supplied by central PSU Petronet LNG under a complex agreement.GSPC said it in a release that Petronet LNG supplies imported gas with a price formula that entails a hike every month.Till 2010, the price at which gas was available was fixed by an agreement. However, now, said government officials, Petronet LNG's gas is available on the basis of the average of 12.68% of the international crude oil price of last five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12616771", "title": "SC/ST police stations in each district headquarter: Chief minister", "text": "PATNA: The state government will set up one SC/ST police station in each district headquarters across the state. This was announced by chief minister Nitish Kumar here on Tuesday while addressing a high-level meeting on SC/ST atrocity prevention.Nitish said that such police stations would be set up soon and if any such police stations have been set up away from the district headquarters, they would be shifted to the headquarters. In cases relating to atrocities on SC/STs, the CM said that government lawyers would be nominated to present the government side in subordinate judiciary and the high court.The CM said that the district magistrates should take initiative for payment of Rs 3,000 monthly pension to victims of murder, carnage, rape and gang rape. He also directed the secretary, SC/ST welfare department, to ensure payment of daily allowance to witnesses for their presence in courts in such cases.Nitish also directed the DMs to ensure regular meeting of district-level Vigilance and Monitoring Committee for reviewing cases registered under the Prevention of SC/ST Atrocities Act. He also directed IG (weaker section) to ensure arrest of persons involved in rape at all costs and laid stress on ensuring speedy trial of cases under the Act.Regarding cases of land disputes, the CM directed revenue and land reforms department to take instant action and if there is any criminal angle in it, an FIR should be lodged immediately. He said that the SPs should investigate such cases and put them on speedy trial so that conviction rates go up.Those who were present on the occasion included SC/ST welfare minister Jitan Ram Manjhi, revenue and land reforms minister Ramai Ram, law, planning and development minister Narendra Narayan Yadav, Ramsunder Das, Bhudeo Choudhary , Maheshwar Hazari, Hari Manjhi, all MPs, Sone Lal Hembram, Amla Devi, Bhagirathi Devi, all MLAs, chief secretary Naveen Kumar, home secretary Amir Subhani and DGP Abhayanand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12617187", "title": "Haul up non-compliant panchayats for contempt: Goa Foundation", "text": "PANAJI: Advocate Norma Alvares has on Tuesday suggested to the high court of Bombay at Goa that contempt proceedings should be initiated against those village panchayats (VP) in the State who had not complied by May 31, 2012 with the courts interim directions regarding garbage disposal.She has further suggested that the government should consider superceding those VPs who had not complied with the orders by that date.This was submitted by Alvares, representing the Goa Foundation (GF), before the court during the hearing of a suo motu petition relating to streamlining the garbage disposal system in the State. She has further stated that the government should consider superceding those VPs who had not complied by that date.Alvares submitted before the court that all the VPs except Mandrem, Velsao-Pale, Majorda and Candolim be directed to file applications within 30 days for inspection of the arrangements made for compliance with the courts interim orders. Thereafter the Goa State Pollution Control Board to inspect the VPs and file a status report on or before May 31, 2012.The orders restraining the VPs of Poinguinim, Arambol, Morjim, Paliem, Anjuna, Calangute, Fatorpa, Betul, Benaulim and Varca from issuing licence for construction of new structures without seeking prior permission of the court should continue till report of the GSPCB is filed. Whereas the order should be vacated in the case of those VPs that are found to be in full compliance with the interim orders, she said.She has further stated that a direction should be issued to all the VPs not to issue construction licence for commercial housing projects, having 5 family units or more, without ensuring that they have their own disposal facility for solid waste. Another suggestion is that the formalities regarding acquisition of garbage disposal sites should be completed within six months and land handed over to the VPs by December 31, 2012.The director of panchayats should collect and dispose of the waste every fortnight as per the arrangements made, she has said. On July 30, 2003, the high court had issued several directions for disposal of garbage as per the Municipal Solid Waste Rules, 2000. Thereafter on October 3, 2007, the court had taken suo motu cognizance by issuing notice to 26 coastal VPs in the State for examining their compliance with the earlier orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12617772", "title": "See Venus transit now, else in 2117", "text": "BANGALORE: Keep yourself free on June 6. For, a rare celestial event called the transit of Venus will take place, and it won't happen again in your lifetime. The next transit of the Venus will take place only in 2117. The Jawaharlal Nehru planetarium has introduced a new programme, 'Transit of Venus - A small eclipse' , to capture this event when Venus will become visible. It is a smaller version of the eclipse, when, instead of the Moon, Venus will pass in front of the Sun. The event is rare as Venus will next become visible in 2117.The programme, which was demonstrated on Tuesday, begins with an introduction to the night sky in spring and explains the distribution of constellations . The Moon will serve as a reference for identification of these groups of stars. The Moon and the change in its position day by day can be monitored to recognize the constellations in the sky. The names given to these groups long ago serve a very important purpose of specifying the directions in the sky. Many nebulae and star clusters can be recognized with the names associated with them.The movement of planets through the constellations is the only clue we have to understand the motion of planets in the solar system. The finer details like the inclinations in the orbital plane are needed to understand the phenomena like transits. The appearance of Venus like a dot as seen from the distance of Earth is presented with an imaginary journey from planet Venus to Earth. Venus transits are separated by about 120 years. The programme explains how we can see a pair separated by eight years.The historical observations of the transit of Venus and their importance in the determination of the astronomical unit are covered in the programme with appropriate animations and graphics . The observations made from India in the 19th century are also narrated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12617267", "title": "Exhaustive security for Advani's visit to Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Even as the inquiry into the planting of a pipe bomb in BJP leader L K Advani's yatra route four months back is yet to see any breakthrough, the former deputy prime minister is scheduled to visit the temple town on April 28 to participate in the two-day BJP conference.Inspecting the preparations for the conference at Viraganur on the outskirts of the city on Tuesday, party's state president Pon Radhakrishnan said that the conference was to demonstrate the strength of the party in Tamil Nadu. \"We have invited party leaders like L K Advani , national party president Nitin Gadkari, Sushma Swaraj and chief ministers of BJP-ruled states for the conference,\" he said. \"The Thamarai Sangamam - lotus conference - will pave way for the blossoming of the \"Lotus\" in Tamil Nadu where Dravidian parties are ruling since 1967,\" he said.BJP's various wings will take out rallies and torch runs prior to the conference, he said. Besides, the party had also planned to highlight the growth path of the states ruled by BJP.Meanwhile, the police who are struggling to nab the culprits in the pipe bomb case are working to provide an exhaustive security for Advani's visit. \"Police\" Fakrudeen cited to be the prime suspect behind the planting of the pipe bomb under a bridge near Thirumangalam on October 28, last year, is yet to be arrested. Though few people were picked up by the police on suspicion, the probe failed to progress further. The police are keen that there should not be any untoward incident during this visit of Advani.Madurai SP Asra Garg said that all the necessary security measures will be taken during the visit of the leaders. \"We are yet to receive the exact schedule of the leaders. Based on that, all the necessary measures will be taken. Special teams will be formed for the security of the leaders,\" he said. \"We are on extreme alert to avert any incidents of that sort and the security measures will be done in a meticulous manner,\" he said.\"Advaniji has confirmed his visit and leaders like Sushma Swaraj, Narendra Modi , Muralidhar Rao will also be present for the general conference on April 28. National party president, Nitin Gadkari will be present for both general conference and state general body meeting on April 29,\" said BJP district president M Rajarathniam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12622956", "title": "Earthquake in Indonesia: India issues tsunami warning after massive Sumatra quake", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Wednesday issued a tsunami warning for Nicobar islands and alerted the coastal regions of Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh after an earthquake of 8.9 magnitude hit waters off western coast of northern Sumatra.\"We have issued a tsunami warning for Nicobar islands,\" Shailesh Nayak, Secretary Ministry of Earth Sciences told PTI.The projections issued by the Indian Tsunami Early Warning Centre (ITEWC) showed the tidal waves triggered by the quake hitting parts of Nicobar, Komatra and Katchal minutes after it struck the region at 14:08 IST.The ITEWC also issued an alert for coastal Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and the Andaman islands forecasting the arrival time of the first wave.For Tamil Nadu, the first wave was expected to reach the coastal regions at around 4:33pm.Strong tremors were felt in Chennai and some other nearby areas. People in multi storeyed apartments and those working in high rise buildings rushed out to open areas.Kolkata and its neighbourhood were rocked by tremors which were also felt in North 24 Parganas adjoining Kolkata and in the north Bengal town of Siliguri.A large number of people rushed out of offices in Park street and downtown BBD Bagh area here as windows and doors rattled.According to reports, some buildings on Park street developed cracks.Metro Rail services in the metropolis were suspended from 2:42 pm and passengers were asked to vacate stations.The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Hawaii said a tsunami watch was in effect for Indonesia , India, Sri Lanka , Australia, Myanmar , Thailand , the Maldives and other Indian Ocean islands, Malaysia , Pakistan , Somalia , Oman , Iran, Bangladesh , Kenya , South Africa and Singapore .A tsunami watch means there is the potential for a tsunami, not that one is imminent.The US Geological Survey said the powerful quake was centered 33 kilometers beneath the ocean floorA giant 9.1-magnitude quake off the country on December 26, 2004, triggered a tsunami in the Indian Ocean that killed 2,30,000 people, nearly three quarter of them in Aceh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12617096", "title": "Nigerian held at Assagao with drugs", "text": "PANAJI: Anjuna police arrested a Nigerian, Chibozie Ozoenena, 29, at Assagao with narcotic drugs worth 3.5 lakh.Following information that the Nigerian was dealing in drugs, the police kept a watch on him. On Tuesday, they stopped him in Assagao and on conducting a search found 30gm of cocaine, 240gm of heroine and cash of 1 lakh in his possession. Ozoenena has been booked under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12617559", "title": "Showdown shadow over Nonadanga", "text": "KOLKATA: A fresh storm is brewing over Nonadanga with the state government keen on fencing off the land and the squatters refusing to part with it.Hours after police arrested seven persons suspected to have led the Nonadanga protests, the state urban development ministry engaged a private company to start work on building boundary walls to prevent encroachment. measure land for building boundary walls to prevent encroachment.A senior official of the firm, refusing to be named, confirmed that they had been asked to start building the wall from Wednesday. \"We have already started measuring the land. The squatters have encroached upon nearly 6 acres,\" said KMDA CEO Vivek Bharadwaj.The squatters - who refuse to give up without proper rehabilitation - say they are ready to spend nights under open sky. With both sides sticking to their guns, tension is palpable in the area.Police believe Maoists are behind the protests. But the evictees rubbished the allegation. \"They have already demolished all the shanties and police are keeping vigil round the clock. If they still have any suspicion, they can search the area,\" said Bapi Mondal, one of the squatters.Denying any Maoist links, the squatters alleged that police have cooked up this story. \"On April 4, police resorted to rampant lathicharge, injuring six persons. But no policemen were injured. That day police claimed to have arrested three people for attacking them. Who are they? We didn't see them that day?\" said Abhay, another protestor. Amitava Bhattacharya, general secretary of MKP - one of the organizations which are backing the squatters' movement - said nobody who took part in the agitation was arrested on April 4. \"Police are now just trying to justify the arrest of seven leaders,\" he said.A section of rights activists and city intelligentsia have condemned the arrests and \"police attack\" on the squatters. Nearly 80 members of CPI-ML (Liberation) were arrested on Tuesday afternoon when they tried to take out a rally in protest against police action.\"The government is using police to gag democratic voices,\" alleged Ranjit Sur, a senior member of rights organization APDR. Sur also alleged that the government stopped service of Dadhichi - a mobile news service - accusing it of engaging in anti-state campaign.Syamal Kumar Roy, who runs the news service, claimed that he used to circulate news and information of different mass organizations and human rights organizations. \"We used to circulate the news among parliamentarians, legislators, singers, writers across India and have been running the service for two years. We can't understand why suddenly they branded it anti-state,\" said Roy.Rights activist Anuradha Talwar also condemned the state action on Nonadanga evictees. \"We met the chief secretary on Tuesday to apprise him of the plight of the homeless urban poor. We also told him about the Nonadanga problem. He assured us of looking into the matter,\" said Talwar, who claimed that she and her organization would join hands with the evictees in their resistance.Later in the evening, APDR activists alleged that police are not allowing them to send medicine and cloths to the seven arrested persons who are in the central lock up at Lalbazar police headquarters. \"The cops had initially said that they would allow us to send medicines to those arrested. But they didn't keep the promise,\" said an APDR activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12617141", "title": "Proposal to convert forests into conservation reserves", "text": "JAIPUR: With a view to increase the forest cover in the state, it has been proposed to confer the status of conservation reserves on eleven forests in the state. With that the total number of conservation reserves will go up to 24.According to VS Singh, additional chief secretary, environment and forests, \"The state wildlife board has given its approval and seven forest areas are to be notified, and is awaiting government approval in the cabinet.\" Recently the state government had declared Jawai Bandh forest as a conservation reserve. The forest has rich bio-diversity and is situated in Pali district, close to the Kumbalgarh sanctuary. Besides, five other reserves would be at Hameergarh in Bhilwara, Rotu in Nagaur, Beed Fatehpur in Sikar, Mansa Mata in Jhunjhunu and Jhenmata in Sikar.In addition to these, eleven more forests, which are not large enough to be declared as sanctuary, are being considered to be made into conservation reserves including the Jhalana forest. \"The Jhalana forest is not large enough to be declared a sanctuary. But once the notification is out, same rules would be applicable to these forests as wildlife sanctuaries,\" said Singh.Declaring these forest areas as conservation reserves would entail that the department deputes special manpower under a special officer to ensure there is no overlapping of jurisdiction. \"The department has already designated a divisional forest officer (DFO), wildlife, for Jhalana, Ramgarh and Nahargarh forests,\" said Singh.As a result, the forest will be enclosed and the management would be vested with an organizational structure wherein active participation of local communities and the quality of manpower would need to be monitored as their work and accountability would be essential. The protected area category was first introduced in the Wildlife (Protection) Amendment Act of 2002 - the amendment to the Wildlife Protection Act of 1972.According to Rajasthan State Environment Policy, \"Land use patterns have been showing a decrease in forest cover and increase in desert land. Increasing pressure from human and livestock population and indiscriminate and illegal exploitation of forest resources are some of the factors that have further intensified the problem. A trend of forests turning into wastelands has been observed. Degradation of forest lands that hold the soil together has aggravated the problem of desertification.\"The conservation reserve notification has come as a ray of hope for the diminishing green cover in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12618132", "title": "No shortage of beer now, says minister", "text": "BANGALORE: Allaying fears of beer shortage, excise minister MP Renukacharya on Tuesday said there is no problem in its production and supply in Karnataka.A few days ago, there was temporary disruption in production and supply because of change in labels to be pasted on beer bottles following increase in additional excise duty by 7.5%. The other reason for supply shortage was hoarding of bottles by shopkeepers to sell at higher prices after April 1, when the new rates took effect.In his maiden budget, CM DV Sadananda Gowda increased the duty by 7.5% on Indian-Made Liquor, beer and low alcoholic beverage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12615481", "title": "Boy killed by cousin over property row", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A class VI student was kidnapped and then killed by his cousin over a property dispute in Jarcha area in Greater Noida. The accused had demanded Rs one crore as ransom. The accused surrendered before the police after the boy's body was discovered. The victim's family alleged that a complaint had been filed with the local police station on March 25, but the cops did not take the case seriously.Police said the accused, Kapil, was angry at his father's elder brother, Ashok Kumar , after being disinherited from the family property. \"The accused is an alcoholic. Fearing misuse of money, the accused was disinherited from the property,\" said a senior police official. Kapil then hatched a plan to kidnap Ashok's son Nishant on March 25 from Gurjar Colony.\"The accused took the victim in Patla Niwari village in Moradnagar area and smothered him to death. The accused then dropped Nishant's body in a secluded area,\" the official added. The police recovered the deceased's body on Tuesday and sent it for post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12621413", "title": "Raghav's Sanchar travel woes", "text": "Raghav Sanchar who was in Lucknow yesterday, along with the cast of \"Bittoo Boos\" - Pulkit Samrat and Amita Pathak - says the trip was not entirely pleasant.As it turns out, Sachar on arriving into the city from Delhi, realised that his luggage had been lost. A search was launched for his baggage, which was not to be found either at the hotel or even in the taxi that they took while travelling from Lucknow airport to their hotel.A flustered Sachar was heard complaining, \"I will not leave Lucknow till my bags are traced! I can't leave this place till I get to know where all my stuff is because what if it arrives in Lucknow when I am on my way back to Mumbai?\" Meanwhile, the team was frantically calling up everywhere to find out where his stuff had gone missing.In the end, it turned out to be much ado about nothing! Says a team member, \"Raghav's luggage was left at the Lucknow airport by mistake. We got to know when we reached the airport on our way back.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12616678", "title": "Regularize illegal colonies: Colonizers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Angry over demolition of illegal colonies on the city's outskirts by Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA), colonizers here said the drive was unethical.Talking to the media on Tuesday, they claimed that before elections, the Punjab government had promised to regularize illegal colonies, but now GLADA was razing these.The chairman of colonizers' association of Ludhiana, Kultar Jogi, said, ''We are ready to pay development charges to the authorities, but these should be revised as they are very high. Besides, there is no policy for small colonies like ours. We want our colonies regularized. We will meet GLADA chief administrator and deputy commissioner for stopping this drive, otherwise we will stage a protest against the authorities and the government.''GLADA had recently started razing illegal colonies being developed on the outskirts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12619875", "title": "Utopia: Here and now", "text": "A map of the world that does not include Utopia is not worth even glancing at, for it leaves out the one country at which Humanity is always landing.- Oscar WildePerhaps the greatest utopia would be if we could all realize that no utopia is possible; no places to run, no place to hide, just take care of business here and now.- Jack CarrollEvery country or for that matter city has its own highs and lows. There is no perfect heaven in the world, but each step made to overcome the lows brings us closer to perfection we crave for. Recently, I read an article about the \" Nowhere People\" who dwell in the fringes of Indian cities, make up the labour force or work as maids in homes. These are the urban slum dwellers or people who call the streets their home. They are fatalities of displacement, with miserable sanitation, non-existent health facility, abysmal infant mortality. They make up almost \"60%\" of an urban cities population and occupy a measly \"6%\"of land.As an expatriate in Dubai for almost 4 years now, I have not come across any urban slums. Dubai has developed at a gravity defying pace in the last 40 years. It's amazing to see the pictures of barren desert devoid of amenities (40 years down the lie) and compare it with the Dubai as it stands now. With its lovely green patches and parks, the splendidly maintained colourful flowerbeds in the side road, Dubai cannot be tagged as just a concrete jungle. The developers and government has paid meticulous attention to ensure that the various public facilities and agencies take the residents comfort very seriously. There is always an effort to obliterate or remove deficiencies and loopholes when they come to notice. The fact that a desert has been converted into a tourist destination is an amazing feat in itself.Dubai is heavily dependent on emigrant foreign unskilled labuor from South Asian countries like India, Bangladesh, and Pakistan, etc. These workers leave their homeland in search of greener pastures. The workers accommodation is supposed to be taken care of by the sponsors. In some instances, workers stay at labour camps or as a group in villas. The fact that there are no urban slums in sight like in India does not necessarily mean that the poorest of the poor have a hassle-free life here.Ahmed is a delivery boy working at a departmental store in Dubai. Ahmed says that he had dreamt of coming and working in Dubai, ever since his elder brother joined here as a construction worker 7 year ago. Ahmed like his elder brother is married with two kids. He has been working here for 4 years now. He is able to save enough money and send home for his family. He has his younger son only in pictures send by wife, since he left his wife while she was pregnant. Ahmed says he will go to India next year, once he has saved enough money to get his younger sister married. He and his brother have been toiling hard, fighting the pangs of separation, with the hope that they can both jointly save enough to start some business back home in Hyderabad. Ahmed is not alone in his dreams for a better future. Many more skilled and unskilled labourers like Ahmed leave their families back home for years and toil hard to erect the castle of their dreams. They are like soldiers leaving wife, parent and children alone for years, battling with hope, sustenance and life. Bringing family into emirates is not a feasible option for these people because of the cost factor involved. Adultery and relationship outside of marriage is a punishable offence in Dubai, but many young, restless/lonely men and women cross that 'Laxman Rekha'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12615338", "title": "Charges that I offered bribe false: Former Lt General Tejinder Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trashing the allegations of having offered a Rs 14 crore bribe to Army chief Gen V K Singh for clearing a deal for 600 \"sub-standard\" vehicles as \"absolutely false\", Former Lt General Tejinder Singh on Tuesday recorded his statement before a trial court in a defamation complaint filed by him against the Army Chief.Tejinder Singh, who appeared before Metropolitan Magistrate Sudesh Kumar to give evidence to support his complaint, said the allegations of him offering bribe on behalf of Tatra and Vectra Ltd, which supplies vehicles to BEML, were \"ill-founded and concocted\".Besides the Army Chief, Tejinder Singh has also filed the case against Vice Chief of Army Staff S K Singh, Lt Gen B S Thakur (DG MI), Major General S L Narshiman (Additional Director General of Public Information) and Lt Col Hitten Sawhney, posted in the media cell, accusing them of misusing their official positions, power and authority to level false charges against him.The court also recorded the statements of three witnesses produced by Tejinder Singh--former Army Major R S Sahrawat, Bhupender Chaudhary, cousin of Tejinder Singh, and one Suman Chaudhary, who said he knew the former Lt Gen for the last 40 years. The court has now listed the matter for April 21 for orders on summoning the persons named as accused in the criminal complaint.Deposing before the court, Tejinder Singh contended that all the five formed a direct chain of command with the Army chief being the final arbiter. He said that between March 3 and 5 this year, a number of media reports referred indirectly to the Army chief having allegedly ordered \"unlawful monitoring\" of mobiles, particularly in the South Block area.He said that in order to divert the public attention from this news, which pointed fingers at senior functionaries in the Army Headquarters, including Gen V K Singh, the media cell of the Army Headquarters issued a press release on March 5 making baseless allegations against him.\"I was absolutely devastated with this sudden attack on me by the Army Headquarters,\" he said adding the press release \"destroyed my reputation and I became a suspect in the eyes of the entire nation.\" He said the March 5 press release was \"illegal\". \"Some of my friends and acquaintances have started distancing themselves from me,\" he said.The Army chief had claimed in media interviews that a lobbyist, who had \"just\" retired, offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore for clearing a file relating to purchase of a tranche of 600 \"sub-standard\" vehicles of a particular make and he had immediately informed defence minister A K Antony about it. The Army chief, however, did not want to pursue the matter for unknown reasons, the minister had said.During the hearing, Anil K Aggarwal, counsel for Tejinder Singh, said his client was named in the press release without any proper legal action. \"Without prosecution, a campaign has been launched against my client,\" he said. The counsel referred to statement made by Defence Minister A K Antony in Parliament where he said that the Army Chief had told him about the bribe offer about 18 months back.\"Without taking any action, how can he (Army chief) take my name in the media in such a serious issue,\" he said.Tejinder Singh said the press release, taking his name, laid four allegations against him which were all \"false\". He said it was alleged that he had managed media reports relating to the \"fictitious story\" about interception of mobiles being carried out allegedly by the Army.He said the allegation that he was questioned earlier on the purchase of off-the-air monitoring system without sanction by the competent authority was also false. \"I have never been questioned on this issue either during my service or thereafter,\" he said.Regarding the allegation that he was an allottee in the Mumbai's Adarsh housing society, Tejinder Singh said, \"It is correct that I am an allottee but I would like to say that I am a bonafide allottee and no investigation of any kind exists against me in this case. Therefore, this allegation was only made to smear my reputation.\" He also submitted some media reports as evidence in the defamation complaint.The Army chief had in response to the legal notice by Tejinder Singh told him that he was ready to substantiate the allegations in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616626", "title": "Women stripped, paraded naked in Barabanki", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two brothers allegedly dragged a woman out of her house, stripped her and paraded her at Ambaur village in Barabanki, about 30 km from Lucknow. The men were joined by their wives in torturing the woman on Monday. This was the fallout of an old family feud. The police went to the village on Tuesday afternoon after they were faced by a barrage of questions by reporters.The police said Nand Kishore Tiwari and his brother Ram Deo tore off the woman's clothes but denied that she was stripped. The Tiwaris have a feud with the family of Ram Sumairin Gupta who allegedly eloped with Kriparam Tiwari's wife and married her about a year ago. The woman is the wife of Gupta's brother.There have been frequent altercations leading to fist fights and clashes.On Monday evening, Kriparam's brothers Nand Kishore and Ram Deo accompanied by wives went to Ram Sumairin's house. Armed with sticks, rods and country made guns, they barged into the house looking for Ram Sumairin and his wife. When they did not find the couple, the Tiwaris assaulted Ram Sumairin's brother Badri Prasad who managed to flee.The accused then dragged Badri's wife out of the house beat her with sticks and rods for about an hour while their wives allegedly tore off her clothes. They fled after the village pradhan's husband, Purshottam Rawat, rushed to the spot with a group of villagers.Villagers clothed the woman and took her to a doctor. Her family members lodge an FIR at the local police station. Instead of taking action, police officers on duty asked the complainant to wait for the officer-in-charge (OC) to arrive. Late on Monday night, the OC of the police station met the complainant, reports said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12618233", "title": "Goods worth crores gutted in Behrampur factory fire", "text": "GURGAON: Property worth crores of rupees was gutted as a major fire broke out on Tuesday in a textile factory located at Behrampur industrial area. Over 25 fire tenders were called to the spot and the fire, which started around 2pm, could be extinguished only after 8 pm.The incident took place in Wilhelm textile factory on Tuesday afternoon. Fire officials received a message about the saccident at 1.53pm and they immediately sent 15 fire tenders to the spot. But by that time, damage had already been done. As the fire spread around the factory, 10 more fire tenders were called from Faridabad and Delhi.Sources said that short-circuit is being suspected to be the reason behind the fire, but it was not confirmed. At the time of the incident, around 250 workers were present inside the factory. \"Our teams reached the spot minutes after we got the information. There was no causality,\" said Mahendra Singh Bhardwaj, assistant divisional fire officer, Gurgaon. Fire officials further said that five workers had been trapped in one section of the factory but the fire fighters rescued them in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12616541", "title": "Panjab University disaffiliates Muktsar college", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dissatisfied with the reply to a show-cause notice issued by Panjab University, a BEd college in Mukstar district was disaffiliated on Tuesday for not fulfilling criteria of National Council of Technical Education (NCTE).Guru Gobind Singh College for Education, Malout, was among 62 colleges affiliated to PU offering courses in education. It was inspected by NCTE between March 13 and 16 for infrastructure, staff and academic excellence. Sources said the college had land at another place on papers while it was functioning from another place.Now, PU has cancelled the examination centre in this college and even shifted students to other institutes. In past, the no-objection certificate had been withdrawn by the Punjab government for this college.\"On March 16, a national regulatory body had withdrawn affiliation for the course offered by this college. As affiliating institute, Panjab University had to take some action in the matter. Hence we cancelled the examination centre and disaffiliated the college,\" said Naval Kishore, PU dean College development council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12616752", "title": "City turns dark at noon", "text": "LUDHIANA: The rainfall that occurred for about half-an-hour at noon brought some respite from the heat for city residents. Agro-meteorologists at PAU said that the north-western disturbances brought on the wind storm and the rain.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, associate agro-meteorologist at PAU said, \"The light rainfall that took place today measured 4.6 mm. The rain and high speed dust storm brought the maximum temperature down from 36 degrees celsius to 32 degrees celsius.\"She added, \"Partly cloudy to cloudy conditions will continue till April 13 and there are chances of wind storms and slight rainfall till then.\"Shelly Makkar, a BRS Nagar resident, who teaches at G G N Khalsa College at Civil Lines said, \"Though it had been partly cloudy since morning, the sky turned grey at around 12.30am following which a strong dust storm hit the city. The rainfall started at 12.45am and lasted for around 20-30 minutes. Though it has been quite hot for the last about a week with temperatures even crossing 36 degrees celsius, the rain that lashed the city brought the temperature down much to the relief of people.\"And yes , she made the most of the weather. \"The sight of rain lashing the city was soothing. I enjoyed the rain in the company of my colleagues. We sipped on tea and had some snacks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12618053", "title": "Jindal, Haley in line for Romney's running mate?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indian-Americans - Bobby Jindal and Nikki Haley are emerging as possible vice-presidential running mate of Mitt Romney, who is expected to bag the Republican Party's nomination for presidential polls.However both Jindal, the governor of Louisiana, and Haley, the gof South Carolina , have repeatedly denied that they are in the race for being considered as the vicepresidential running mate for Romney, who is now almost all set to bag the party's ticket to challenge incumbent president Barack Obama in November's presidential elections.In its list of 10 possible running mates of Romney, CBS News named both Jindal and Haley. In an interview to the news channel, top Republican senator, John McCain , said likely Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney should consider Jindal.\"There are a number of candidates we have out there, Bobby Jindal. Marco Rubio is in the top tier, Chris Christie ,\" McCain said.\"Two-term governor of Louisiana is considered a rising star within the Republican Party. The son of Indian immigrants, Jindal campaigned during his first campaign to be governor on rooting out political corruption and turning around a state budget heading to financial crisis. He reduced the deficit through spending cuts that includes reducing state employee pensions,\" CBS News said.The first Indian-American to serve as governor, Jindal endorsed Rick Perry , the governor of neighboring Texas, early in the campaign and has remained neutral since Perry dropped out.Currently the youngest governor in the country and the first Indian-American woman to run a state, Haley garnered national attention during her campaign and former Alaska governor Sarah Palin endorsed her, it added.Haley endorsed Mitt Romney before her state's primary in January but said she is not interested in serving as Romney's running mate, the news channel added.However, both the Indian Americans are missing from the list of Roll Coll, a newspaper on the Capitol Hill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616799", "title": "Students demand head of department's resignation", "text": "LUCKNOW: The failed MBA students of Lucknow University continued their protest against alleged anomalies in evaluation of answersheets which have led to more than 50% students failing. Students on Tuesday met university vice-chancellor Prof MK Mishra and presented their demands to him.Five representatives from MBA first semester requested the V-C to promote students who have got back paper in five out of eight subjects. \"In other postgraduate programmes, students who get three back papers out of five subjects are promoted. But in MBA, if we fail in more than two subjects, we lose a year. The passing criterion should be same in all courses,'' said a student.Another student alleged that Scheduled Caste (SC) students have been deliberately failed by the faculty members. The students demanded resignation of the head of the department, Prof JK Sharma. \"Even if we are promoted this time, we will again be failed by the faculty. We want the university to remove our course coordinator,'' said a SC student. In a class of 108 students, 27 hold a year back while another 29 have been failed in one or two subjects.Students told the V-C that maximum students have failed in four subjects that include accounting for managers, economics, quantitative methods and managerial skills and organizational behavior. The meeting ended after the VC asked the students to give a representation carrying their demands. The students had given a memorandum to the university controller of examination on Monday in this regard.On the issue, LU spokesman Prof Rajesh Mishra said: \"The evaluation of answersheets is done through a coding system. The examiners did not know the name and roll number of the student. Hence, the possibility of caste discrimination is ruled out. Secondly, with the coming in of RTI, the evaluation system has become more transparent and examiners more conscious.'' He added that the students should realise their failure is not a discouragement but a chance for improvement.LU conducted the MBA first semester exams in December and results were declared on March 31. The students have demanded an early redressal to their problems as second semester examination is scheduled from April 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620580", "title": "Ekta and Tushar skip the Kya Superkool Hai Hum promo launch", "text": "Kya Superkool Hai Hum, the sequel to Ekta Kapoor's 2005 comedy that had made the name DK Bose famous in the Hindi cinema industry, is perhaps one of the most ambitious projects of Balaji Telefilms. However, at the promo launch of the film, neither the producer nor her brother Tusshar Kapoor , one of the male leads in the film turned up.At the party held at a suburban five star, the other lead actor Riteish Deshmukh , bereft of male company, was left cooling his heels with the two actresses Sarah Jane Dias and Neha Sharma.Explaining the absence of the Kapoor siblings, the organisers told Mirror, \"Tusshar wanted to come. But he was busy shooting Shootout At Wadala in another part of the city. He did leave for the event, but got stuck in the infamous Mumbai traffic. In fact, he made it a point to inform us about the delay. He asked us to start the programme and not keep the media waiting.\"Ekta's absence was attributed to 'meetings out of town'. With so many projects to take care of, this was completely understandable.Tusshar reiterated the reason for his absence by sending us a text message: Got stuck in traffic for 2.5 hrs.An eyewitness from the event however revealed that the show started pretty late anyway. While the media was invited at 5.15 pm, the actors made their entry atop a red car at around 8 pm. Though the entry act was pretty impressive, the eyewitness told us that there was no 'pool party' as was mentioned in the invite.But like every dark cloud, this too had a silver lining. The promo was entertaining. Riteish too was extremely cordial and answered every question thrown at him by the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616211", "title": "Over 18 quizzed in Kripa case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the alleged disproportionate assets case against former city Congress chief Kripashankar Singh and his family members has recorded statements of more than 18 persons.Police questioned a well-known developer, several film personalities and businessmen connected to Singh and his family members. \"The police have summoned those who had given money or taken money from Singh's family members, including his son, Narendera alias Sanjay,\" said a police source. Sanjay, a former pilot, said he had taken loans from various banks and individuals. . \"We are verifying if the transactions are correct. The police is also probing the source of income for several properties bought by Singh and his family members,\" said a police officer. The statements of Singh or his family members have not been recorded yet.Sanjay said that the police had come to their residence for confirmation of some issues and they did cooperate with them. \"We have not been called for our statements. However, whenever they come for any clarification or confirmation, we do cooperate. I think that there is need to obtain a detailed report about the ownership of the properties (mentioned in the PIL) through RTI. It will help to find out who owns these properties,\" said Sanjay.On February 22, this year, the Bombay high court ordered the Mumbai police to attach several properties belonging to Singh and his kin and investigate allegations of criminal misconduct and disproportionate assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12617842", "title": "Doctor who brought Hina's story to light", "text": "BANGALORE: The world would not have known little Hina's abuse story if this doctor had not alerted the Child Welfare Committee.Dr Gangadhar Belawadi, head of the department of paediatrics at Vani Vilas Hospital where Hina is battling for her life, told TOI he would have failed in his duty if he had not alerted the authorities. Excerpts:How often do you get such cases of child abuse?Such cases surface rarely. But in the last one month, this is the second such case. Last month a 4-year-old boy was admitted in our hospital. His left arm had multiple fractures after his mother allegedly beat him.How different is Hina's case from that of others?This case cannot be compared to the cases I have seen so far. The child is just three-months-old and a female. She has received minimum external injuries and has very complicated internal brain injuries. It was difficult to judge her injuries because she was very young. She will require a lot of care.Have you at any point of time felt that by alerting the police or CWC authorities you might be in trouble?Not at all. Whenever such case comes to a government hospital, police are informed . The truth would have come out in any case. If I had not informed the authorities, it would have been negligence on my part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616046", "title": "City crime branch to trace missing idol", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch formed six teams to trace the accused who stole a Ganesh idol and killed a guard at a temple in Diveagar in Raigad district last month.Sources said cops have been sent to Indore and Ahmedabad to look for the three suspects. \"The thieves spoke in Gujarati and we feel they may be from Indore or Gujarat,\" an officer said.This is the first time that the Mumbai crime branch is carrying out parallel investigations with the Diveagar police. Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy confirmed forming the six teams but refused to provide further details.The opposition on Tuesday urged speaker Dilip Walse-Patil to revoke the suspension of 14 MLAs. A BJP MLA and 13 Sena legislators were suspended after they performed an aarti on the floor of the House to highlight the idol's theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12615603", "title": "In a first, IITs disclose JEE admission cutoffs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Overturning a five-decade-old tradition India's premier institutes, the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) have disclosed admission cut-offs for the first time in the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) held on April 8.Over 5.6 lakh students appeared for the IIT-JEE on Sunday.The minimum qualifying mark for general category for IIT-JEE 2012 is 10%, while it is 9% for OBCs and 5% for SC, ST and physically-disabled (PD) candidates. General category students appearing for JEE need 14 out of 136 in chemistry, physics and mathematics. The aggregate cut-off for the general candidate is 35% or 143 out of 408 to qualify for an all India rank.Similarly, the minimum marks for OBC candidates are 13 out of 136, while it is seven out of 136 for SC/ST and PD.In addition to these minimum marks, a student will have to obtain aggregate cut-off to be eligible to be part of all India ranking. The aggregate cut-off for general category students is 35%, OBCs (31.5 %) and SC/ST/PD (17.5%).The decision is a result of the Supreme Court's observations in a case filed by IIT-Kharagpur professor Rajeev Kumar. The court in its judgment last year had ruled that the selection process needed to be ``upgraded'' and ``fine-tuned'' year after year with periodic changes so that the selection process and examination remain relevant and meaningful.The disclosure has ensured that candidates can evaluate their performance soon after appearing for the exam. The JEE is accepted as one of the toughest engineering examinations across the world but the process has come under fire recently.RTIs filed by Kumar on IIT-JEE revealed how the country's top technology institute has changes its examination system. In 2006 to 2011, there were varying cut-off marks for different subjects unlike the uniform pattern adopted this year. It varied from 37 in math to 55 in chemistry. In 2011, math cut-off was 34, while it was 20 for chemistry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12617087", "title": "Leopard mauls woman in Jorhat garden", "text": "JORHAT: A woman worker of Titabor Kachojan Tea Garden in Jorhat district was killed in a leopard attack on Tuesday. The big cat mauled her when she was busy working.Komoli Gowala, 35, who sustained severe injuries, died on her way to Jorhat Medical College and Hospital (JMCH).Forest beat officer (Titabor) Lakhinath Boruah said, \"The incident took place at 12.30 pm when Komoli was working in the garden. Suddenly, an adult male leopard appeared and pounced on her. The animal grabbed her in the and tried to pull her to the jungle. On seeing the big cat, the other workers raised a hue and cry and the animal fled leaving Komoli.\"\"After getting the news, we rushed to the garden but the animal had already entered a nearby forest by then. Now we are trying to chase the leopard away from human habitation,\" said the forest officer.In November, a leopard created panic at Bandorchaliha Tea Garden in Titabor for about a month. The big cat attacked cattle grazing in the field and also posed a threat to labourers working in the tea garden. The officials of the tea estate lodged a complaint before the forest department and the forest staff succeeded in chasing away the animal after a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616847", "title": "UP govt shifts 68 IPS officers", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another reshuffle in the police department, the government on Tuesday transferred 68 senior IPS officers, including two additional director generals (ADGs).While ADG, Prison, K L Meena has been transferred to the training department in the same capacity, ADG, CB-CID, R R Bhatnagar has been given additional responsibilities of Special Investigation Team (SIT).IG, CB-CID, Badri Prasad Singh has been made IG, law and order while IG (establishment), AKD Dwivedi has been made IG, Railways. SP, Sitapur, Prashant Kumar (II) has been made SSP, Ghaziabad replacing Raghubir Lal, who has been sent to PAC, Azamgarh. Commandant, PAC, Gorakhpur, Aparna HS has been made SP Sitapur while SP Railways (Lucknow) Gyaneshwar Tiwari, has been made SP, Banda. Vijay Singh Meena attached to DGP headquarters, has been made SP Azamgarh.SP, Police training Centre (Chunar) Sanjay Kakkad has been made SSP Special Task Force (STF), while Manoj Kumar and Upendra Kumar Agarwal both attached to the DGP office, have been made SP Railways (Lucknow) and SP, CB-CID respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "12618507", "title": "Microsoft programme\r a big draw in Steel City", "text": "ROURKELA: The Microsoft Dream Spark Yatra-2012 is a huge draw in the Steel City. The programme aims to make students aware of the latest technologies, thus popular with students aspiring to make a career in computer engineering and applications. So much is its popularity that organizers had to extend their schedule to accommodate them.The programe is the corporate social responsibility initiative of Microsoft Student Partners (India), an associate unit of Microsoft (US). Microsoft has recruited student volunteers to help students across the country to become aware of the several upcoming latest technologies like Windows 8, Visual Basics, Clout Computing, Windows Server, X Box 360, Robotics Developers and MS window phone, etc.\"Besides updating their knowledge about various upcoming technologies, Microsoft Dream Spark Programme, provides professional level developer and design tools to the participating students at no cost,\" said Amarjeet Panda, a MSP volunteer. \"The MSP tools help the student to advance their learning and skill through technical design, technology, science and math, science and engineering activities,\" Panda said. \"The participants are being provided Dream Spark Access keys, free of cost, through which they can download all latest software from the Microsft's website, free of cost,\" Panda added. \"The cost of the MS key is about $99,\" he said. \"This programme will be organized in about 50 selected colleges of Odisha,\" he added.\"Large number students expressed their interest to participate in this one-day seminar resulting in its extension by a day,\" said Balbir Singh, a staff of Padmanav College of Engineering, Rourkela. \"The students not only participated in this prgramme with great zeal but also they answered the quiz programme organized successfully and won prizes from the organizers,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12617658", "title": "CID exhumes infant's body again for DNA test", "text": "AKOLA: A Crime Investigation Department (CID) team on Monday exhumed the body of a nine-day-old infant for conducting DNA test for the second time in a sensational infant exchange case reported from Dr Shukla's children's hospital.On November 15, 2008, an infant was exchanged at the said hospital on station road. The Chhutlani couple had hospitalized their two-and-half-month old boy Saurabh Harish Chutlani in the same hospital for a check-up, where Dabrao's nine-day-old infant had died and was buried first in the hospital and later in a graveyard. However, Chhutlani was handed over the dead infant, which they refused to identify.Meanwhile, the local crime branch intervened and, on orders from the then special magistrate first class (SMFC), exhumed the body and conducted a DNA test on the dead infant. While the dead infant's DNA didn't match with the Daberao couple, it matched with Chhutlani's baby. However, Chutlani refused to accept the report.Interestingly, the SMFC ordered to hand over the infant to Mahadeorao Daberao, despite the fact that his dead infant was only nine days old.The inquiry was completed by local crime branch. But Chhutlani demanded inquiry by CID, which was approved by the state government.CID as a part of inquiry exhumed the dead body after it was buried three and half year ago.In the case, noted paediatrician Dr Parthasarthi Shukla was name as the prime accused, while Dr Kavita Adhau, Dr Vaibhav Sapkal and Devidas Dhore named as co-accused. All of them were booked under relevant charges of Indian Penal Code in the case. Interestingly, till date no one has claimed the body of the nine-day-old infant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12618430", "title": "Congress with a saffron agenda makes BJP nervous", "text": "VADODARA: Kalash Yatras, gathering religious leaders to purify Sursagar, agitations over demolition of a temple and the resolve to rebuild a temple that had caved in at Manjalpur - seem agenda either of BJP or that of Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP). But in Vadodara, this is the doings of Congress, much to the discomfiture of BJP.Ever since a stinking Sursagar became an issue of intense debate and politicking in the city, Congress besides raising the matter of pollution in the water body also took up the issue of a Shiva statue in the midst of a pond in which sewage water was being released. This is was hurtful to the religious sentiments of people, Congress leaders said. When BJP-ruled Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) mooted plans to develop the area around it, Congress leaders said Ganpati immersions in the pond should not be stopped.What caught the eye most were Kalash Yatras on a decorated float brought out by the party. The party paraded pots with water from five rivers including Ganga in the city, much like various yatras brought out by BJP. Congress also managed to put up a show at Sursagar by calling religious leaders for a symbolic purification of the pond.Congress city unit president Narendra Ravat said, \"Our aim is to ensure that Sursagar is purified.When we called the leaders, we ensured that politics was on the sidelines and the state of Sursagar remained the focal point. Even religious leaders agree that the pond should be cleaned and joined the event.\" Ravat said that attempts were made by the BJP to ensure that the leader do not attend the programme.Congress followed this up by raising the issue of demolition of a temple at Tarsali. Its leaders joined the residents of the locality to rebuild the temple and even courted arrest. Later it pledged to help residents of Manjalpur rebuild a temple that had caved in.A BJP functionary denied that attempts were made to stop religious leaders from attending Sursagar programme. \"Congress is not bothered about the development of the city and is only politicking. They picked up Sursagar issue knowing very well that VMC had plans for the water body. The other issues are only for publicity and to show us in a bad light,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12617784", "title": "Get set for next phase of Unique Identification after April 15", "text": "BANGALORE: You can enrol yourself for Unique Identification (UID) anytime after April 15. UID enrolment had stopped for the last one month or more because multiple agencies were collecting the same data and there were security concerns.Ashok Dalwai, deputy director-general of UID Authority of India, Bangalore, told TOI on Tuesday: \"The authority has completed all requirements as outlined by the Centre on the technical front. Now the state government, as per the Centre's requirement, has to appoint enrollers. While UIDAI is ready to roll out anytime after April 15, the precise date of commencement will depend on how soon the state government appoints enrollers.\"Dalwai said on the authority's part, new technical parameters had been introduced . \"We have brought in a new software which is essentially a new verification regime. While documents will be physically verified by the enrollers, the software will also make detailed verification. Enrolment will have to be done only on authorized machines and software. The security around collection, verification and recording of data has been enhanced. The concern was how secure data collected would be and whether multiple agencies would be doing the same work. That has been sorted out.\"Initially, logistics was the reason behind the delay. \"While we have generated nearly 10 lakh Aadhaars per day, the printing capacity hasn't been equal to that. We were short on printing as only government printing was permitted. Since India Post alone is dealing with it, it is taking two to three months for a card to be posted to a citizen. Now that private parties will play a role, printing cards will be quicker and India Post will be able to post them fast.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616049", "title": "Family was to celebrate twin birthdays this Friday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Constable Deepak Kumar Chauhan would have celebrated his birthday and that of his younger son on Friday. Far from celebrations, the atmosphere at his house is now one of grief as the family returned after performing his last rites on Tuesday evening.Chauhan (39) was killed on duty when a speeding Mercedes rammed into his bike in Paschim Vihar in the early hours of Tuesday. Chauhan is survived by his wife and two sons - Aryan (9) and Aman (6).At first, Chauhan's wife was told only about the accident and not of his demise. \"She even came to the police station, but we convinced her to go home saying he was all right. It was hard breaking the news to her,\" said Dilip Chauhan, brother of Deepak Chauhan. \"She has been weeping inconsolably and has not spoken to anyone since then. The children have been asking for their father and we have no answers to their questions,\" he said.The relatives are worried about the future of Chauhan's children.\"We are a close-knit family and will stand by each other in these tough times. But the children have their whole life which they will spend without their father. They are at an age where they needed their father's love and guidance,\" said Bachcha Singh, a family member.Chauhan had joined police service in 1994. A native of Ranchi, Chauhan moved to Delhi soon after. He married in 2002 and lived in Shalimar Bagh with his family.Though the accused Gurdeep Singh has been arrested, some members of Chauhan's family alleged that police was trying to save him and that it was a 'murder' and not an accident. Sources said that Singh had earlier been warned by Chauhan not to drive in a rash and negligent manner.However, dismissing these allegations, Jaswinder Singh Honey, the accused's family friend, said, \"There was no personal enmity between the two and it was just an accident. He is a responsible person and has fallen victim to an unfortunate accident.\"Speaking to TOI, Jaswinder said that Gurdeep Singh was the owner of pub Ice Lounge pub at a mall in Saket. He had recently opened a branch in Gurgaon as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "piped water supply to all panchayats by 2014", "code": "12618503", "title": "Pipe water supply to all panchayats by 2014", "text": "Piped water supply to all panchayats by 2014: The state government on Monday announced an ambitious plan to provide piped water supply to all panchayat headquarters by 2014. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik asked the rural development department to prepare a blueprint for the project at the earliest, government sources said. Currently, 2,577 of the 6,236 panchayat headquarters in the state don't have pipe water supply facility. Presiding over a meeting, the chief minister also asked officers to prepare a master plan for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12618484", "title": "Sabyasachi seeks clarification in fresh tape; No word from Hikaka abductors", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Italian hostage Bosusco Paolo's release from Maoist captivity looked brighter on Tuesday following the acquittal of Subhashree, wife of his kidnapper Sabyasachi Panda, by a court in Gunupur in Rayagada district.Panda in his latest audio tape sent to media houses in the evening said he was still waiting to see in writing the outcome of the protracted discussions made between the government and the two negotiators named by him and the April 7 joint declaration announced on his 13-point demand. \"We are trying to get a copy of the joint declaration to find out the government's response to our 13 demands and how many of the seven names (of prisoners) I had proposed are going to be released,\" the tape said.Though the Orissa State Organizing Committee (OSOC) secretary of the CPI (Maoist) in his tape made no commitment on Paolo's release, informed sources here said the Italian would probably be freed on Wednesday. \"Copies of the joint declaration have been sent to Panda through different channels including the block development officer (BDO) of Daringbadi from where Paolo and Claudio Colangelo (since released) were kidnapped on March 14. The Maoist leader must have received them by evening. We hope he would release Paolo by Wednesday,\" said a senior official. Home secretary Upendra Behera at a media conference here said the 'joint statement has reached Sabyasachi Panda in the meantime'.Expressing cautious optimism after Subhashree's release, an official said, \"She is also implicated in the February 2008 Maoist attack on police stations in the district headquarter town of Nayagarh in which 14 police personnel were killed and truck loads of arms looted. She could have been arrested once again, but nothing was done ostensibly to placate the Maoists at this juncture.\" Home secretary Upendra Behera at a media conference here evaded the question whether she would be arrested in future for the case.Tuesday incidentally saw the expiry of two deadlines, one by Panda and the other by his rival faction, Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC), that kidnapped BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka on March 23 night. There was no word yet from Hikaka's abductors yet. The home secretary said the government had so far 'not received any further communication from either the AOBSZC or the OSOC of the CPI (Maoist)'. The AOBSZC while extending the deadline till April 10 had asked the government to release five more Maoists, on which the government has not made up its mind. \"The government is examining the demands. No final decision has been taken,\" the home secretary said.The government's stand is that the prisoners named to be released will have to move bail in the courts. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik while making a fresh appeal to the Maoists to release Paolo and Hikaka 'immediately, unhurt and in good health' maintained that 'certain legal procedures are to be followed for the release of the 27 prisoners'. The AOBSZC had earlier asked Hikaka's wife to come to Balipadar, a place in Narayanpatna area of Koraput district, with all the freed prisoners and the two negotiators and take back her husband. The government, sources said, has chosen not to succumb to such a demand. \"The government has already announced a lot of concessions. We are keeping a close watch on their next course of action,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616196", "title": "Inquiry against 108 professional colleges in state", "text": "MUMBAI: The Directorate of Technical Education will inquire against 108 professional institutes operating in Maharashtra without the approval of the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). \"The AICTE had released a list of unapproved courses but the DTE did not take any action,\" said Gajanand Kale of the Maharashtra Navnirman Vidyarthi Sena.DTE officials said they had submitted a report to the government recommending action against the institutes, but the state did not act on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12616633", "title": "Counting 40, Bapu way", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Self Employed Women's Association (Sewa) celebrated 40 years, since its founding and the flavour of the celebrations was 'Bapuji'. Setting the mood, the event opened with the launch of Reema Nanavaty's book 'Bapu Amare saathe' (Bapu is with us).\"It is fashionable to quote Gandhiji nowadays. But what does 'Bapu' mean for the women in Sewa? The book is a compilation of the experiences of the various members of Sewa, who by incorporating Gandhian values - both knowingly and unknowingly, have brought about changes in their lives,\" said Nanavaty who has interviewed over 3,000 women for the book. \"Also many women members come from the stigmatized strata of the society. The book talks about Gandhian values of simplicity, selflessness, self reliance that have help them to overcome this stigma.\"The venue, Seth Mangaldas Town Hall, was overflowing with the women members of Sewa who had come to witness the celebrations. Addressing them, founder of Sewa, Ela Bhatt said, \"When we struggled for political liberation during our freedom movement, Gandhiji had also spoken about economic freedom through swadeshi. Sewa is a similar freedom movement. Through its various economic endeavors for women, it has given them independence and liberation.\"Bhatt also spoke about Sewa's four-decade-long journey - that has \"brought voice and recognition to the informal sector women workers of Sewa as well as the nation\". Having built a membership of 1.35 million women members, Sewa has now grown nationally into the only all-women national union. She also added that now Sewa affiliates with nine other states and seven neighboring countries including Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan and Sri Lanka . Over 70 women entrepreneurs of Sewa who were invited stage to be felicitated, received a standing ovation.City mayor Asit Vora, who also present at the event commended women's inherent organizational abilities which begin right from the domestic environment. \"These skills of organization are one of the many reasons that has enabled Sewa's growth towards receiving an international recognition,\" Vora said. Sewa will continue its celebrations till April 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12617036", "title": "Panchayat votes in favour of KKNPP", "text": "MADURAI: The Radhapuram panchayat union council that passed a resolution in October last year opposing the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project ( KKNPP) has now adopted a resolution favouring it.During the panchayat union council meeting on Tuesday, the council passed two resolutions - one thanking chief minister J Jayalalithaa for announcing that the multi-crore project would be commissioned soon and another thanking her for announcing a Rs 500 crore package for the villages in the locality.The commissioning work at the plant that was stalled for more than six months due to opposition from villagers resumed on March 19 after the state cabinet adopted a resolution in favour of the plant. Kudankulam falls under the Radhapuram panchayat union.The 18-member panchayat union council adopted the two resolutions with 15 members including the chairman supporting them. Three council members R Sahaya Initha of Vijayapathi, S Pitchai and P Sundaralingam from Kudankulam opposed the resolutions. The three demanded a debate over the resolutions and the larger aspect of allaying the fears of public, but the council went ahead with the resolutions.\"All the members are from the AIADMK. They have no option but to fall in line with the party dictum. But we wanted a debate on the subject instead of thanking the state government. The stand of the people who elected us is against the plant,\" said Sahaya Initha. Though all the members admitted that the fear was still there, they argued that the funds could be accepted to develop the region and supported the resolution.Meanwhile, People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy coordinator S P Udayakumar said that his health condition has deteriorated and he was suffering from severe haemorrhoids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12616877", "title": "And now, a film on Bihar's Ranjit Don", "text": "PATNA: Our country's education system is marred by rackets of fake mark sheets and degrees that have destroyed the credibility of many colleges and universities. Bringing this unexplored theme to the celluloid is 'Gandhi to Hitler' fame director Rakesh Ranjan Kumar's next film titled, 'Marksheet', inspired by real life events like the famous case of Ranjit Don, a timid Bihar village school boy who went on to become the man almost wiping out the reliability of India's institutions of management studies.Don (now 38) made headlines in 2003. He was born in a family owning a small piece of land at village Khaddi Lodhipur in Hilsa block of Nalanda district.Kumar, who stayed with the likes of Imtiaz Ali and Anurag Kashyap during his college days, needs no introduction. His debut film 'Gandhi to Hitler', based on letters written by Mahatma Gandhi to Adolf Hitler has created much controversy not just in India, but across the globe.However, in his second innings, he has decided to take a U-turn by focusing on a domestic issue, highlighting the plight of the Indian education system.The film will be scripted by Monazir Alam and would star Delhi boy Imran Zahid (native of Nawada, Bihar) in the lead role, who was also the director's junior at Hindu College.Zahid, touted as one of the most promising newcomer this year, portrayed the role of Muntadhar Al Zaidi in Mahesh Bhatt's theatre production, 'The Last Salute', based on the shoe hurling incident involving George W Bush , which was praised and lauded across the country. He will also be playing the lead role in Chandu, a Bhatt production, based on the life of a former president of JNUSU. Chandu was shot dead on March 31, 1997, at JP Chowk in Siwan.\"We have decided to cast a fresh face opposite Zahid for 'Marksheet', which is not just an issue-based film, but would also be a love story. The film will mostly be shot around Delhi University , while parts of it would be filmed in Mumbai, Bangalore, Chandigarh, UP, Bihar and Kolkata,\" said Kumar over phone.While the film treads on a serious issue, it is set to be a mainstream movie that involves all the elements of a commercial Bollywood flick. Kumar, a native of Darbhanga district, is seen as a director who brings out the details from the story to its characters.\"The story of a dejected youth who is yearning for a better life and takes to crime has been used in the industry before, but this movie deals with a more serious purview of crime in education, and the repercussions of it on the society. Education-based crimes not only take away the basic right to education of an individual, but also poses a major threat to the concept of right person for the right job,\" the director told TOI.'Marksheet' will surely be a think-pot for intellectuals looking for good alternatives to fill the loopholes in the Indian education system, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12618435", "title": "He farms on barren land and reaps millions", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Watermelon, the most sought after natural coolant during summers, also fetches attractive profit to farmers. While local farmers are reluctant to cultivate this crop, a small-time farmer from south Chhattisgarh's Pakhanjur village Tapan Biswas, who travels down to Chandrapur, has set an example by reaping huge profit of over Rs 22 lakh this year out of watermelon farming.Watermelon can be grown under irrigated condition between December and March. This short-term crop requires lesser labour as compared to other produces and provides high yield as well as profit. Biswas has been into watermelon farming since the last 15 years. Earlier, he used to cultivate watermelon in Gadchiroli, but has moved to rural areas of Chandrapur four years back. He stays here for mere six months during cultivation season, takes a crop, sells his harvest and returns to native place, Pakhanjur, which is in south Chhattisgarh, with a hefty profit.\"With apt knowledge, watermelon cultivation is painstaking but simple job. Provided with availability of ample water, this crop can be cultivated even on barren land,\" says Biswas. He comes to Chandrapur in October and searches for barren lands with sandy soil having irrigation facility at close hand. He leases the land from local farmers for the next six months and begins cultivation. As farmers are reluctant towards their barren patches of land, he easily rents such land at Rs 5,000 per acre. Biswas took watermelon crops in Vyhad, Bhansi, Haramba, Kadoli and Donada villages this year.It takes around one-and-half month period to prepare the land for cultivation. He employs local labourers for tilling job and begins cultivation by December. He took the crop in 40 acre of land and earned a huge profit of Rs 22 lakh out of it. He, however, invests well into his farming and uses high yielding seeds for watermelon cultivation. It costs around Rs 30,000 per acre for cultivation to Biswas and he harvests 16 to 20 tonne of watermelon per acre.\"There are ample barren lands available in Chandrapur districts. I prepare the land for my crop and water it to obtain good yield. Once my harvest is over, the land is prepared for the next crop for owner farmer,\" he said. Biswas, however, has to restart his search for other patches of barren land the next year, as previously cultivated land is not much suitable for next watermelon cultivation.The watermelon cultivated here is sold in Mumbai and Delhi besides the local markets. The farmer from Pakhanjur says that when the watermelon weighs over 10kg a piece, then such ones are exported to Middle East. The huge profit from the watermelon business changed the life of Biswas, who purchased a tractor and drives back home in his prized vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12621912", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor should do a dance film: Remo", "text": "Ace choreographer Remo D'Souza says Ranbir Kapoor has the ability to do a dance film.Ranbir Kapoor is the current hot property of Bollywood . Ranbir's on everybody's mind from filmmakers to ad-filmmakers.Ace choreographer Remo D'Souza too has Ranbir Kapoor on his wish-list for a dance film.Remo told TOI.COM, \"I wonder why Ranbir Kapoor hasn't done a dance film yet. I think he's a good dancer and is great performer. Shahid and Hrithik are the best no doubt but Ranbir has the potential to dance well. He should so a dance film. I am not a big director but if I get an opportunity, I'd love to cast him in a dance oriented film. I hope he'd have dates for me.\"Remo is currently busy shooting for India's first 3D dance film called, \"ABCD, Anybody can dance' which has Prabhu Deva and Ganesh Acharya in lead roles. The film will only be about dancing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12619487", "title": "SK Agarwal appointed UP State Election Commissioner", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government has appointed retired IAS officer Satish Kumar Agarwal as the new State Election Commissioner (SEC), official sources said on Wednesday.A 1974 batch IAS officer, Agarwal was considered close to the SP and had held the post of principal secretary (Home) and PWD departments in the previous Mulayam Singh Yadav regime.Agarwal will replace Rajendra Bhaunwal, who retired on April 4.The officer remained under suspension for over two years and was later given an insignificant posting in the Mayawati regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12617424", "title": "Greater Cochin Development Authority inspects proposed site for Chilavanur Bund Road", "text": "KOCHI: Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) inspected the proposed site for the Chilavanur Bund Road connecting Thevara to Thykoodam. After inspection, GCDA informed that 14 houses would have to be completely or partially acquired to finish this project.GCDA chairman N Venugopal said the authority would have to clear some unauthorized structures that have come up along the path. \"Government has forwarded this project to the revenue department for further procedures. Now, revenue department has to initiate land acquisition,\" he said.Earlier in the day, GCDA also held discussions with members of the trading community regarding its proposal to temporarily rehabilitate merchants and vendors of Kaloor market and Ambedkar stadium, to facilitate renovation work. After holding talks, GCDA stated that the traders had agreed to shift.Venugopal said merchants from Kaloor market would be shifted to a building, which would come up at a 30 cent plot owned by the authority in Kaloor. Traders from Ambedkar stadium would be moved to a new building that will be constructed near the northern side of the stadium.\"We expect to complete the work on these buildings within a year and then shift merchants. Municipality has agreed to identify land to temporarily shift these merchants to Kakkanad. Further meetings would be held on Friday and Monday to decide the terms and conditions of the lease,\" he said.On the proposed Metro station at Kadavanthra, GCDA voiced its disagreement to the chief minister over land acquisition.\"I have written a letter to Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) explaining our stance. Metro authorities can relocate the station to Kerala Water Authority's property near Kadavanthra Junction. If we provide the lawn and garden in front of GCDA building, we will lose our visibility,\" said Venugopal. When TOI contacted KMRL, the agency stated that they were yet to receive any communication from GCDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12617251", "title": "Post-stir, jewellers slog even on weekly day off", "text": "NASHIK: After shutting down their shops for 21 days, jewellers in the city skipped their weekly holiday and kept their shops open on Tuesday. Jewellers keep all their shops closed on every Tuesday as a weekly holiday. But, all 450 jewellery shops across Nashik city were kept open on Tuesday for the convenience of the customers.The Saraf Bazaar, which is the major jewellery market in the city, was seen teeming with customers.\"We had shut our shops for the last 21 days and caused inconvenience to wedding customers, as it is already wedding season. After all, we consider the customers as our gods and keeping this in mind, we decided to continue to keep shops open on our Tuesday holiday for the convenience of customers,\" said president of Nashik Saraf assocaition, Rajendra Odhekar.All the jewellery shops across Nashik had gone on strike from March 17 to support the nation-wide strike waged by the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (AIGJTF) and the Maharashtra State Jewellers' Association (MSJA) to protest the imposition of fresh taxes in the Budget by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee.Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , in the Budget presented on March 16, had brought in a two per cent rise in import duty and proposed an increase in excise duty on unbranded precious jewellery, and doubled the customs duty on standard gold from two per cent to four per cent.Finally, a 35-member delegation from all jewellery associations in the country had met the Mukherjee and had conducted a successful meeting with him. The FM assured the delegation about the rollback of taxes in the Lok Sabha sessions in the second week of May. Accordingly, jewellers suspended their strike by the second week of May and are hoping for a positive decision by the FM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620359", "title": "A new Junoon to hit screens", "text": "Ahead of his India tour, Sufi rockstar Salman Ahmad announces his Bolly debutHis \"Sayonee\" created a rage in India, leaving music lovers yearning for more. Now, it seems one can get a piece of Salman Ahmad's music as much as the man himself. All set to tour the country in April, the Sufi rockstar revealed that he is making his Bollywood debut in Vicky Kumar's \"Rhythm\".Talking about his India tour, the first show of which will be held in Mumbai on April 28, the musician told us from New York, where he is currently based, \"This year will mark Junoon's 20th anniversary and it coincides with my debut in Bollywood as a composer and actor. We wanted to infuse Indians with a fresh dose of junoon. Our music was first embraced by the city with big Bollywood dreams, so it makes perfect sense to begin the celebrations in Mumbai.\"The artiste is very upbeat about his Bollywood acting debut. \"The shooting of \"Rhythm\" starts in Poland in May. I've recorded new songs including a duet with Sunidhi Chauhan titled \"Yaaro\". In the film, I appear as a rockstar, who inspires a college girl to follow her junoon.\" Salman had earlier been part of television plays and even presented documentaries on current affairs, but a Bollywood film for him, \"is the most positive thing to have happened\". His wish list in Bollywood includes working with Amitabh Bachchan , Naseeruddin Shah , Aamir Khan and current hottie Ranbir Kapoor . And what about the leading ladies? \"I would be honoured to work with Priyanka Chopra and Kajol ,\" Salman said.But isn't visa a bone of contention for artistes from across of the border? \"I want to thank the Indian consulate in New York and Islamabad for issuing the visas on time. Art and culture is the most powerful form of dialogue between two nations and Junoon's music has been like a crazy glue connecting people's hearts and promoting peace and harmony in south Asia ,\" the musician explained.Since its inception the band has made as much noise with its music as with its innumerable lineup changes. Junoon currently consists of founder member Salman Ahmad on guitar and vocals, John Alec on bass, Sunny Jain on drums and Kedernath Havalar on percussion. Isn't it difficult picking up the broken pieces and moving ahead? \"Junoon is more about the music and less about an individual. Junoonis have fallen in love with our songs over the years and we want to come and say shukriya to music lovers across India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12616537", "title": "Rs 71 cr entertainment tax collected in 2011-12", "text": "PUNE: The entertainment tax department has collected a revenue of Rs 71.84 crore in 2011-12. Multiplexes, single screen cinema halls, DTH TV services and cable TV services are the major contributors to the tax collection, which has shown an increase of Rs 13.08 crore, compared to last year's annual tax revenue of Rs 58.76 crore.\"Multiplexes and single screen cinema halls have topped the list with a contribution of Rs 33.18 crore, followed by DTH TV services (Rs 24.58 crore) and cable TV services (Rs 9.49 crore)\", said an official from the department. Other major contributors are horse races (around Rs 2.34 crore), video games (Rs 40.93 lakh), video parlor screens (Rs.28.74 lakh) and discotheques (Rs 22 lakh).According to the department, around 15 major categories are listed for levy of entertainment tax. These also include the New Year parties organized at various lawns, clubs and discotheques.In the last two years tax collection has exceed the target, the official said. The target for the year ended on March 31 was Rs 68 crore. The increase in the number of multiplexes and also in the number of DTH customers has pushed tax collection up. An official from the department said thatTax collection and monitoring of the establishments that come under the entertainment tax could become easy if the payment of tax goes online, the official said. \"The state and local self-government bodies collect some taxes online. Similar procedure can be adopted for payment of entertainment tax also. We are planning to present a note to the higher authorities in this regard,\" he added.The department has constituted special squads for the city and rural areas to undertake drives to find evasion of tax if any, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12618786", "title": "Cyber law to become part of university studies", "text": "MUMBAI: To keep pace with the changing times, cyber law will be added to the curriculum of colleges affiliated to the Mumbai, Nagpur and Aurangabad universities from the next academic year, minister for technical and higher education Rajesh Tope said in the legislative assembly on Tuesday.The first batch of forensic science students will pass out this year, he said. Besides, a scholarship of Rs 6,500 per month will be instituted for PhD students in a bid to encourage research in humanities and pure science, Toped added.Plans are afoot to start 14 hostels across the state for girl students at an estimated cost of Rs 70 crore. The hostels will cater to the requirements of nearly 2,250 students, he said.An Indian Institute for Information Technology Centre will be set up in Pune; it will be a joint venture between the Centre, the state government and private players.A scheme to train students from rural areas in skilled areas , such as mobile repairing, textile designing and cosmetics , will be launched in the state shortly under a Centresponsored scheme.Stating that Maharashtra has set an annual target of training 45 lakh people in skilled works, Tope said a separate skill development council has been set up under the chairmanship of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Midday meal kitchensCentral kitchens for the statewide midday meal scheme will be set up in major cities, school education minister Rajendra Darda said in the assembly. After a pilot project in Aurangabad yielded positive results, said Darda, plans were afoot to set up a similar central kitchen in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12617603", "title": "MCC-vendor battle hits the streets now", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore City Corporation is on a collision course with street-food vendors who have been banned from selling eatables since last Friday following an increase in cases of jaundice and cholera. Over 100 cases of jaundice and five cholera cases have been reported in the city since February.On Tuesday, vendors said they'd protest on Thursday against the ban even as MCC indicated it would not go back on it. \"The commissioner made it clear they should not be allowed to operate till May-end,\" a senior official told TOI. Street-food vendors' leader Manjunath Doddamane said: \"We too are concerned about public health and are doing everything possible to maintain hygienic conditions. But this is not the way to deal with us.\"Referring to the 1990s when water-borne diseases were on the rise, he said the then corporation commissioner Amita Prasad allowed street-food vending after putting some guidelines in place. According to him, they have borrowed money to run their business and if there's a long-term ban, they'll be in a financial mess.The MCC, which met with officials of the health and family welfare department last week, banned the sale of street food and seized their material on April 6. When contacted, MCC health officer Dr Nagaraju said: \"We understand their plight but there is no option but to contain the damage. If uncontrolled, it could become an epidemic.\"The MCC's plan to relocate vendors away from commercial areas and creating hawkers' zones and providing basic facilities there has been opposed by vendors. The MCC has reserved Rs 1 crore for this plan during the present fiscal and plans to create seven hawker zones, including two near Kalamandir. Doddamane told TOI: \"Relocating street-food vendors from some areas to these proposed sites is fine. But it cannot be from across Mysore.\" Vendors argue that it's a bad commercial proposition: \"Many of the places suggested, like Lingambudi lake, are far off. How will people go there?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12617746", "title": "Now, a scar-free operation that removes your appendix via mouth", "text": "LONDON: Unbelievable it may appear, but doctors say they can now remove a patient's appendix through their natural orifices like the mouth, vagina and rectum.In fact, over 1,000 patients in Europe and the US have undergone the so-called natural orifice surgery, which many surgeons see as the biggest advance in science since keyhole was pioneered.Instead of cutting the skin, the new approach uses natural orifices - the mouth, urethra, vagina and rectum - as internal highways to access and remove or repair internal organs, the Daily Mail reported.The technique offers the multiple attractions of scarless surgery, reduced pain because of fewer and smaller incisions, and lower risk of infections, say the experts.\"The outcomes can be as good as the conventional approach with some advantages , including lower risk of infection ,\" said Dr Julian Teare, consultant gastroenterologist at the Imperial College London.She added, \"This is a new and rapidly evolving concept for intra-abdominal operations that offers the potential for a revolutionary advance in patient care.\"In the surgery, the surgeon works with an endoscope - a long, thin flexible tube that carries a light video camera and other equipment . This is inserted into appropriate orifice.To remove the gallbladder , the surgeon puts an endoscope through the patient's mouth and uses a tiny blade to make an incision in the stomach. They can then gain access to the gallbladder.A balloon is inflated to expand the opening, and the gallbladder is cut into pieces so it fits into the endoscope and can be removed orally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12618817", "title": "Some fear a return to old hot mix methods", "text": "BMC's condition that contractors must have a joint venture with technology suppliers might put a spanner in the works. Sources said the civic body is facing problems because of a trust deficit between contractors and suppliers.After it finalized four cold mix technologies last month-Wonder Patch, Patchmaker, Road Bond and Carboncor-and invited tenders worth Rs 56 crore to fill potholes in seven zones, the BMC decided upon the jointventure condition. The decision was aimed at ensuring that bid winners do not sabotage the technology. In the past, contractors have tried to jeopardize new technology by not using it the right way.While a section of contractors have been complaining that stringent tender conditions are causing a problem, additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta said the case was different . \"We are not going to make any changes as far as tender conditions are concerned . The conditions remain the same across the city. Also, it is not true that contractors are not willing to carry out pothole repair work in South Mumbai. There are other concerns that need to be addressed.\" An official from the roads department said, \"The suppliers don't trust the contractors and vice-versa .\"Even as a section of engineers fear that the lack of bidders using new technology would force them to revert to the conventional hot mix system for pothole repairs , Gupta said this was not likely to happen. \"We will stick to cold mix for pothole repairs. The problem is not with materials but with contractors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12616852", "title": "P Chidambaram's letter of mistaken identity gives Bihar 'new' home minister", "text": "PATNA: Who is the home minister of Bihar? Nitish Kumar. Union home minister P Chidambaram, it seems, is not aware of this fact. In a letter signed by him, the home ministry has addressed JD(U) MP, Dr Monazir Hasan, as the home minister of Bihar and requested him to be present at a meeting of home ministers on April 17. Hasan has never been the home minister of Bihar. On the contrary, Nitish has been holding this portfolio for over six years now.The letter begins with \"Dear Hasanji\" and then goes on to intimate him about the meeting of state home ministers on April 17 to discuss the effective implementation of the SC &amp; ST Prevention of Atrocities Act 1989 and extends an invitation to him to attend the meeting. The letter reached the office of the CM here recently. Sources close to Nitish said, \"This is funny. How can the home ministry make the Begusarai MP the home minister of Bihar?\"Interestingly, R K Singh, who is the Union home secretary and a Bihar cadre IAS officer, was in Patna before his central deputation only a year ago. An official from the CM's office, said, \"The letter was faxed to the CMO. Since it is a letter with a file number, it must have passed through many officials in the home ministry.\"Another senior official said, \"The letter addressed to Hasan as home minister made ripples in the corridors of power and became a butt of joke.\"In Bihar, there is no tradition of a separate home minister for over two decades now and the CM holds this all important portfolio. \"The home ministry is supposed to have accurate information about states. It has enough staff to update information. In this case, it was a sheer blunder,\" a senior official said.Hasan was the minister for building construction in 2005-08 and was elected to the Lok Sabha in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12622206", "title": "Emraan\u2019s housing problem inspired me: Shadaab Mirza", "text": "In 2009, actor Emraan Hashmi accused a housing society in Bandra of not giving him an NOC for a flat because of his religious identity.Three years down the line, this incident has inspired director Shadaab Mirza to make a short film titled \"Mumbai\". The film will also be screened at this year's Cannes Court Metrage, which combines the Short Film Competition and the Short Film Corner to foster the promotion of short films. Excerpts from an interview with Shadaab:Your first short film makes it to Cannes. You surely couldn't have asked for more...(Laughs) Yes , I'm very excited about the screening of my movie at Cannes. The festival starts from May 16. I didn't expect such a huge success but this is certainly a lifetime opportunity for me.What inspired you to make the movie?The germ of the idea came from Emraan Hashmi's housing problem in Mumbai where he was supposedly denied a flat in Bandra because of his religious background. In my movie, a boy from Punjab faces the samediscrimination when he moves to Mumbai. He visits several housing societies but doesn't get the NOC because he belongs to a minority community. Through the movie I wanted to convey the message that thereare several housing societies in Mumbai who deny accommodation to members of the minority community without even cross-checking the credentials of the person concerned. If an actor has to go through somuch, can you imagine what a common man has to face?Since the movie is inspired by Emraan's incident, have you approached him to know the details?No, I've met Mahesh Bhatt earlier but not specifically for this movie. I am planning to hold the preview of movie in April for some filmmakers and producers. I will be also be inviting Emraan Hashmi amdMahesh Bhatt for it.Many movies from India manage to secure an entry at international film festivals but very few manage to win an award. What do you think is the reason behind this?Apart from the dearth of good scripts, people are only bothered about commercial success. So, creativity somewhere takes a backseat. Today, every other movie is a remake of a South Indian film. Earlier,Hollywood used to be our source of inspiration. I have even worked with some channels and have found that everything is just TRP driven. People just say: \"Box office mein yeh chalega. Chal yeh bana lete hai\". There is no dearth of creative minds but people don't want to listen to something that's different.What is the future of short films in India considering the fact they are not screened in theaters...My purpose behind the movie was to highlight an issue that matters to the society. Filmmakers want to prove their caliber through their work. People keep small previews of movies or let them social mediahelp spread the word around.What's your feature film all about?My feature will be woman-centric movie. It is about how a 22-year-old boy meets a 33-year-old woman at a party and falls in love with her. Time flies by and one day, he comes to know about her dark past. Theage difference and tainted background make it difficult for them to get social acceptance for their relation. The story goes into flashback as well. I am looking for an actor who can justify the age difference well on screen. I will try to approach Priyanka Chopra or Sushmita Sen for the role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12615669", "title": "Master plan delay: High court seeks planning board reply in 4 weeks", "text": "NOIDA: The Allahabad high court on Tuesday issued a notice to the NCR Planning Board to file an affidavit within the next 30 days explaining why it has failed to sanction the Master Plan 2021 of Greater Noida Authority even after six months of its order passed in October 2011. The high court passed this order after hearing a petition filed by Noida Extension homebuyers.Counsel for homebuyers, VK Singh, said, \"The court has given the planning board four weeks to file a counter affidavit upon our petition.\"Meanwhile, sources in the Planning Board said that the UP government has not yet sent its replies or clarifications to the questions and objections raised by the board. \"The ball is in their court. We have no communication so far after the decision taken last time at the board meeting which was attended by a UP minister,\" said a senior official of the board.Homebuyers of Noida Extension had filed a writ petition asking it to issue a writ, order or direction to the planning board to take a decision in consonance with the verdict delivered by the high court on 21 October 2011. Buyers want construction on housing projects to resume in the region at the earliest.Hundreds of housing projects in Noida Extension continue to be in limbo as the Master Plan 2021 of Greater Noida Authority is yet to be approved by the planning board. Thousands of middle-income homebuyers have invested in these projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12619125", "title": "Delhi BJP worker stabbed to death", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Bharatiya Janta Party worker has been stabbed to death in the national capital allegedly by a sitting party councillor, according to Times Now.BJP worker Jai Prakash had an argument with Madhav Prasad, who is the BJP councillor from the North West.According to TV reports, Jai Prakash was upset and angry with Madhav Prasad over his getting the party ticket again for the MCD polls.Jai Prasad criticised Madhav and the two had a scuffle.Police have detained Madhav Prasad and are questioning him.Reacting to the murder, BJP leader Vijay Goel said that it was premature to draw conclusions as the police were still investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12622899", "title": "SC questions NGO's conduct of giving clean chit to Dayanidhi Maran", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today questioned an NGO official's conduct of writing to the CBI, giving clean chit to former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran , who has been accused of coercing a businessman to sell his stake in Aircel to the Malaysian Maxis Group.Questioning NGO Telecom Watchdog's secretary Anil Kumar for writing the letter and then getting published an article in a journal, giving clean chit to Maran, a bench of justices G S Singhvi and K S Panicker Radhakrishnan asked him to file an affidavit to explain his conduct.Seeking his affidavit within seven days, the bench asked him as to how could he virtually exonerate Maran and accuse businessman C Sivasankaran, who had been shown as a victim in his earlier application to the court.The bench asked him to show under what circumstances he wrote a letter to the CBI on February 5 and subsequently published the article.The court passed the order after CBI counsel K K Venugopal read out the contents of the letter and submitted that after making serious allegations against Maran, the secretary of the NGO has made an attempt to give a clean chit to him.He submitted the manner in which Kumar conducted himself showed that his objective behind moving a PIL on the 2G scam was highly doubtful.The CBI said the conduct of Kumar amounts to interfering with the probe and the administration of justice.Telecom watchdog had jointly filed the petition in the 2G case along with Centre for Public Interest Litigation and a journalist Paranjoy Guha Thakurta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12618437", "title": "Stray cow kills man in old city", "text": "VADODARA: In a bizarre incident, a stray cow attacked some pedestrians in old city, killing one person. Eighty-two-year old Haji Ismail Dhobi was on his way to register complaint at a local MGVCL office after a power cut at his home. He was passing through a lane in Juni Ghadi area when a cow came running from opposite direction.According to police complaint, the cow attacked some passers-by and then charged towards Haji. He was too shocked to react and died on the spot. The cow assaulted him and another local Farid Mohammed Gulab Mohammed Sheikh, 47, in the lane. Sheikh is reported to be in a serious condition. The incident has brought to fore the increasing menace of stray cattle in the city. Despite Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) carrying out regular operations to impound stray cattle, cows and buffaloes are seen roaming on the roads regularly.Stray cattle not only create traffic jams but also lead to road accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12617609", "title": "Decision to cap cotton exports opposed", "text": "NAGPUR: The decision of Union commerce minister Anand Sharma to disallow additional cotton exports has been opposed by Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS), a farmers' group spearheading the cause of cotton growers.\"This is a fresh assault on cotton farmers who are living in distress because of poor returns for their dwindling crop. It will also affect the country's credibility in global markets as traders and exporters will not be able to fulfill their commitments,\" said Kishore Tiwari of VJAS. He said because of poor demand in domestic market, the farmers were not getting the right price for cotton this year. Farmers, traders and exporters are left with no alternative but to resort to public agitation for demanding restrictions on cotton exports, said Tiwari.\"Until further orders, there will not be any fresh registrations,\" Sharma told reporters after a group of ministers met to review cotton exports on Monday in Delhi. Though India is the world's second-largest producer, shipments of the fibre were banned in March despite the fact that cotton output is expected to hit a record high of 34 million bales in 2011-12.Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar has openly expressed his anguish over needless move of commerce ministry to put export ban keeping his ministry in dark. Now, PMO intervention is must for immediate lifting of the ban on cotton export, Tiwari said. VJAS, in its plea to the prime minister, argued that India even when it was a net cotton deficit country has allowed cotton exports under Open General License (OGL). It is ironical that when there was surplus, restrictive policies are in place and fresh export has been stalled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12617700", "title": "Man booked for raping 20-yr-old step-daughter", "text": "AMRAVATI: Chandur Bazaar police have booked a man for raping and later trying to kill his 20-year-old step-daughter on Sunday.Police informed that the victim's mother recently got married to Suraj Sariyam (40). As the victim was aware of Sariyam's bad motive, she used to maintain a distance from him. But on the fateful day, when the girl's mother was away, Sariyam tried to force himself on the victim. But the girl some how escaped his clutches. The accused, with a sickle in his hand, followed the girl and caught her on the outskirts of village Jasapur where he raped her.When the victim threatened to inform her mother, the accused threatened her of dire consequences. Fearing his wife's wrath, Sariyam bashed the girl and attacked her with the sickle before fleeing. Later, some villagers spotted the injured girl and rushed her to a hospital. The victim later lodged a police complaint. Chandur Bazaar police have registered offences against Sariyam and are investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616378", "title": "Pak President's religion is money, says Tariq Ali", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Soviet Union is gone. The Berlin Wall has crumbled. And, in his own words, the most dynamic force for capitalism today is the Chinese Communist Party. But Tariq Ali still keeps the faith.At 68, the Duracell public intellectual may not be in his fiery, street-fighting years any longer; but he remains a believer in Marxism - not as a state religion but as a grand idea to change the world - even though talking about it gives him the feeling of discussing \"a lost, submerged continent like the Atlantis.\" Ali was delivering the Faiz Memorial lecture here on Monday. The moustache is more salt than pepper now and the hair has thinned over the decades. Like a deft DJ of political history, the Lahore-born, Oxford-educated Leftist shuffled one theme after another - the lost tradition of mushaira in Pakistan, the economic crisis in Europe (\"Greece and Italy today are run by bankers appointed by the German government\"), the Occupation movement in the USA and the difficulties of coming to Delhi if you are a Pakistani. He also found time for Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari , who donated Rs 5 crore to the Ajmer shrine on Sunday.\"The president of Pakistan is not religious at all. That's the only thing which can be said in his favour. His religion is money - usually, other people's money,\" Ali quipped drawing guffaws. Tariq Ali underlined the tradition of reciting and listening to poetry in large public assemblies in Pakistan in the 1950s and 1960s and why it was important for the country's social lifeblood. \"Poetry for us was not just politics. It was culture on a very high level. Ordinary people had a sense of criticism and they could see through bad poets very quickly,\" he said. Ali recalled a musharia after the first martial law imposed by Ayub Khan in 1958: \"Faiz was in jail. And the atmosphere was fearful. Any form of dissent was punishable those days. A great Punjabi political poet Ustad Daman stood up. He recited a love poem and went on discuss birdsongs.\"We got fed up and heckled him. Finally he lost his temper and recited a poem spontaneously. 'Ho gayeen mauja hi mauja, jidhar takko faujan hi faujan' which I translated many years later as 'now each day is sweet and balmy, wherever you look it is the army'.\" Ustad Daman was picked up the very next day, kept in prison for 10 days and brutalised. In the age of social networking websites, the world listens to poetry in different ways. But Ali believes that technology can be harnessed in favour of the craft. He spoke about the Baathist era in Iraq when three great communist poets went into exile.\"One went to Damascus, the other to Europe and I don't remember where the third went. But the population of Baghdad missed their poetry. When Iraq was invaded in 2003, they wrote and sent poems to each other. One of them wrote a poem in the morning, the other sent back a poetic response in half and hour. And within five hours it was being sent through email and recited in the cafes of Baghdad and Basra. That is how the world has changed. The tradition of poetry is not doing to die; it will take different forms. The poet will remain with us,\" Ali added. What really fascinates Ali, though, is the future of Left and its fate across the world. He firmly believes that Marxism, in its essence , is best way to create a decent and just society. The rise of China has left him with mixed feelings. He finds it ironical that the Chinese Communist Party has launched the most dynamic growth of capitalism in the world today. \"China occupies the position today that was occupied by Britain during the Industrial Revolution. It is the workshop of the world,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12618505", "title": "Odisha adjudged best tourist destination", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha Tourism has bagged the Best Tourism Festival Destination Award at a prestigious award ceremony of International Tourism Conclave &amp; Travel Award (ITCTA) held at East Bourne Resorts &amp; Spa in Shimla, Himachal Pradesh. OTDC chairman Dr Jyotiskar Mohapatra and general manager Sri Manoranjan Patnaik jointly received the award on behalf of Odisha Tourism from Himachal Pradesh chief minister Prof Prem Kumar Dhumal . Odisha Tourism has been playing a significant role to showcase the rich cultural and religious heritage through classical and folk music and dance. Odisha got this recognition as the best Tourism Festival Destination Award for its innovative and cultural activities during the past few years.The rich cultural heritage of Odisha has been show-cased through its colourful festivals like: (1) International Sand Art Festival, (2) International Surfing Festival, (3) International Odissi Festival, (4) Gotipua Dance Festival, (5) Konark Festival, (6) Toshali National Crafts Mela, (7) Dhauli-Kalinga Mahotsav, (8) Mukteswar Dance Festival, (9) Rajarani Music Festival and (10) Choreography Festival of Dance (Samrachana).For the first time in the country Odisha Tourism organized the International Sand Art Festival and International Surfing Festival.In addition to this, they also organized the Guinness record event with 518 Odissi dancers performing together for 28 minutes. Furthermore, the state also saw an unique jugalbandi of US 3D chalk artist and Sudarshan Pattnaik and other international sand artists.The award ceremony of ITCTA, that promotes tourism by undertaking promotional and publicity activities, also gave away awards to other states including Himachal Pradesh, Gujurat, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Madhya Pradesh, Chattisgarh and Maharashtra. Meanwhile, international awards in different fields were given to Mauritius Tourism Promotion Authority, China Tourism, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12617041", "title": "Bank agrees to provide educational loan to student", "text": "MADURAI: A nationalised bank at Chinnamanur which had rejected a law student's plea for educational loan stating that the law course was not remunerative enough to repay the loan, has withdrawn the controversial statement and has agreed to grant the same.In an impugned order rejecting the educational loan application made by one C Boomiraja, the chief manager of Indian Overseas Bank , Dindigul stated that \"The job opportunities on completion of the B L course are very limited in the present scenario except working as a junior with a senior advocate for five-seven years and the income earned during such a period will not be enough to meet your family commitments and loan installments. Hence the proposal is not a viable one.\"Following the rejection of the loan, Boomiraja filed a petition seeking to quash the order and sanction the loan amount. In his petition, C Boomiraja of Chinnamanur, Theni district said that he had joined the three year B L course in the Government Law College, Madurai. Hailing from a poor family, his father was hesitant to allow him to join the course but Boomiraja told him they could avail an education loan from any nationalised bank.They approached the branch manager at the Indian Overseas Bank, Chinnamanur. But after learning that his father worked as a casual labour and was the sole bread winner, they did not receive a proper response and the bank did not even issue the application form for availing the loan. Even after approaching the bank several times, they were sent empty handed.Hence, he approached the Theni district collector with a representation which was forwarded to the bank. But the chief manager of the Indian Overseas bank, Dindigul passed an order rejecting his application for educational which humiliated the dignity of legal education.When the matter came up for hearing before Justice V Dhanapalan, the counsel for the bank submitted that the bank was willing to provide a loan for all the years, provided the petitioner gave a letter stating that he would successfully complete the course. In view of the submission, the judge closed the petition and directed the bank to provide the loan within three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12621429", "title": "A culinary toast to Poila Boishakh", "text": "It's time to celebrate Bangaliana and how! In keeping with the Bengali tradition, Floatel is ready to welcome the New Year in its customary style.The Bridge, the 24x7 multicuisine restaurant at the hotel, would unveil a special Bengali Grand Buffet spread - an all-time favourite for many because of its spicy, mouth-watering recipes.The buffet spread comprises Chingri Malai Chamatkar, Kankra Chingrir Paturi, Chitol Petir Jhal, Sorshe Pabda, Doi Ilish, Komola Bhetki, Panchphoron Murgi, Kosha Mangso, Mochar Ghonto, Potoler Dolma, Amer Chutney, Chandrapuli, Chhanar Payesh, Baked Rosogolla and other delicacies. Also, you can savour the Oriental, colonial and other seafood delicacies, as dining at Floatel has always been a unique experience.Adding on to the fun quotient, a baul singer will enthral the guests with his captivating music. What's more, magicians will cast a spell on children present at the venue. The buffet will be on offer from April 13 to April 15.Where: Floatel, 9/10, Kolkata Jetty, Strand Road, Kolkata", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12615866", "title": "Hyderabad to host national meet on diet", "text": "HYDERABAD: A national conference on 'Indian diets and health' will be organised at the National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) here from November 29 to December 1, 2012. The conference is being organised as part of the golden jubilee celebrations of Indian Dietetic Association (IDA).NIN director B Sesikeran and Dr Bhaskara Chary, national vice-president of IDA, informed that the theme of the conference would be \"Indian diets and health: in retrospect and prospect\" and to approach the theme in a multi-disciplinary way. Sessions would be organised on various aspects like social, cultural, and economic determinants of Indian diets, they said.Health aspects of Indian diets, historically from traditional Indian medicine to contemporary science will be explored. A holistic perspective will be taken to explore how diets in various regions have changed from time to time and what prompted them in terms of policy, science, affordability and globalisation.The national conference would be organised by the Andhra Pradesh chapter of IDA, in association with NIN. Dieticians, nutritionists, researchers, scientists, students, teachers and representatives of the industry are expected to participate in the national conference.NIN director Sesikeran pointed out that the IDA was formed in 1962 as a result of the efforts of NIN former director Gopalan and Dr Kalyan Bagchi, another luminary in the field.In the context of the paradox that India is facing today with undernutrition and obesity among the population, Sesikeran said he favoured the formation of a nutrition and dietetic council to look into such issues. This, he said, should be on the lines of the Medical Council of India to regulate and establish standards for dieticians across the country. A formal proposal would be sent to the Government of India after the IDA national conference and based on the papers presented during the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620592", "title": "Unveiling a revenge story", "text": "Cinematographer Sudipto Sengupta's directorial debut, \" Final Mission\", promises to be a film with a difference.All set to hit the screens in September, the film has Ferdous and Rimjhim in the lead. Speaking about his debut venture, the director says, \"This is a story of a wife standing up against crimes committed by her husband. When a family friend is murdered and the wife gets to know that the plot has been hatched by her husband, she seeks her son's help to avenge the crime.\"A part of the film has already been shot in Mandarmoni and Kolkata and the remaining scenes will be shot in either Bhitarkanika or Cuttack in Odisha. \"We are yet to finalize the locations in Odisha. Travelling to north Bengal is also on the cards. The film has seven songs and the final track will come as a pleasant surprise,\" says Sudipto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616320", "title": "Gangster who plotted bizman's killing escapes", "text": "MUMBAI: The police on Tuesday arrested three persons, including a gangster's aide, for the murder of Delhi-based business consultant Arunkumar Tikku and said the motive behind the killing was to usurp the plush apartment the deceased had purchased for his actor son Anuj. However, late night, the main accused, Vijay Palande alias Karan Sood, escaped from crime branch custody.Arunkumar was found murdered in a first floor flat of Samarth Aangan Society in Lokhandwala on Saturday night. The 62-year-old widower had been stabbed several times in the chest and stomach. The police said the killing was masterminded by Palande, an old-time associate of gangster Santosh Shetty, and executed by two of Palande's associates, Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh. They are now probing the role of a German woman, who some sources said was married to Palande while others claimed was in a relationship with him.The police are also investigating if Anuj, who was picked up from Trombay, had any role in the killing. Cops find it suspicious that Anuj's mobile phone was switched off since the day of the murder and that he was \"untraceable\".Palande, who has served nine years in prison in the 1999 murder case of a union leader, met Anuj a while ago through a friend. Soon after, he, along with Shinde and Gajkosh, plotted to grab Anuj's swish flat, which had originally been three separate apartments. Palande introduced Shinde and Gajkosh to Anuj and Shinde moved into the apartment as a paying guest. When the housing society protested, Palande convinced Anuj to rent the apartment to German national Levis Braganza alias Nives for two years. The lease agreement was signed on March 15 and Braganza paid a deposit of Rs 5 lakh. But instead of Braganza, Shinde and Anuj lived in the apartment.Approached by the society, Arunkumar arrived from Delhi on April 5. His arrival, the police said, was unexpected for the accused. That is when the accused changed their plan. Palande took Anuj out of town and Shinde and Gajkosh were assigned the task to kill Arunkumar.Joint police commissioner (crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"The accused expected Anuj to be alone and thought they could slowly take over the flat from him. Arunkumar's arrival was unexpected for them and they decided to kill him.\"Shinde and Gajkosh had planned to chop Arunkumar's body into pieces, stuff it in two suitcases and dispose of it, but the scheme had to be abandoned because a building neighbour saw the sexagenarian struggling and screaming in the window. The neighbour went to the first floor flat, accompanied by a building security guard, to make enquiries. But prior to opening the door, Shinde and Gajkosh ensured that Arunkumar was dead and dumped his body in a bathroom. Before leaving, the neighbour and the security guard, incidentally, saw blood on the legs of one of the accused.Shinde and Gajkosh pleaded with the resident not to inform the police but, unconvinced, he locked the door from outside and dialled 100. The neighbour also posted security guards outside the flat door. Alarmed, Shinde and Gajkosh called up Palande and told him about the developments. Palande urged them to escape. The two then fled through a duct in the bathroom before the police could arrive.The police said Arunkumar had a heated argument with Shinde on April 5 on finding him living in the Lokhandwala flat. Subsequently, Palande, Dhananjay and Manoj hatched the murder conspiracy. They purchased knives, coils of wire, two suitcases and a hammer, and the next day, Shide planted these things in the apartment on the pretext of taking back his belongings.On Saturday morning Palande asked Anuj to travel with him to Goa for a visit to a casino. They left in Palande's Mercedes. The killing took place on Saturday night.The crime branch unit-8, led by Deepak Phatangare, is investigating the case along with the Oshiwara police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12616225", "title": "139 candidates face criminal cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 139 candidates in Sunday's MCD elections are named in criminal cases, the monitoring group National Election Watch announced on Tuesday. The group claims to have examined the affidavits submitted by 1,485 of the 2,400 candidates and found 9% of them facing criminal cases.BJP tops the list with 39 of its 211 candidates named in criminal cases; 28 of Congress' 207 candidates, 19 of BSP's 214 candidates and four of SP's 77 candidates are also accused in cases.\"Out of these 139 candidates with criminal cases, 43 have declared serious criminal cases like murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, robbery, extortion etc,\" the report states.Anil Bairwal, national co-ordinator, NEW and Association for Democratic Reforms, said a BSP candidate in South Delhi has the maximum criminal cases against him. \"He faces five criminal charges, including one each of attempt to commit culpable homicide and abetment to suicide. He is followed by a Congress candidate with four cases, including two charges related to attempt to murder.\" Bairwal added that the affidavits of 1,015 candidates are still beinganalysed.The analysis also shows that 342 candidates are crorepatis. Satvinder Kaur Sirsa of ward 103, Punjabi Bagh is the wealthiest with assets worth Rs 112 crore. Ten of these wealthy candidates have never filed income tax returns. In terms of education, 67 candidates are illiterate and 239 have just passed class 5.\"This is the first time that 50% seats have been reserved for women. Of the 1,485 candidates analysed, 799 are men and 686 are women.\"Of these, 114 men have declared criminal cases, 42 of them are of a serious nature. In comparison, only 25 women candidates have declared criminal cases, of which only one is a serious criminal case,\" said amember.Members of the monitoring group said that starting Wednesday they would send Aamir Khan's recorded message to voters through automated calls till the election on Sunday.\"The objective behind the survey is to create awareness among voters and enable them to make an informed choice,\" said a member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12616769", "title": "Blank RTI forms too come for a price", "text": "SURAT: If the daily haggling to get work done at Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has left you frustrated, here is another shocker.An application under Right to Information (RTI) by a citizen Kanubhai Shah has revealed that SMC charges much more than any other civic body for even blank forms, that too more than its actual printing cost.Sample this: An unemployed person wanting to apply for job in SMC needs to buy a blank form for Rs 25. If he is not selected and wants to reapply, he will have to shell out Rs 25 again. Surprisingly, blank forms in English cost Rs 50, much more than those in native language.SMC sells 102 types of forms at costs ranging between Rs 5 and Rs 200. An application to set up an indoor stadium costs Rs 1,000. To compare the cost of blank forms of SMC with other municipal corporations, Shah again used RTI. From Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Rajkot, Bhavnagar, Jamnagar and Junagadh municipal corporations, Shah found that the charges are between Rs 2 and Rs 5 for different forms.\"Majority of the forms are of one page, whose actual cost is less than Re 1. Then why SMC is charging extra money for blank forms. I tried inquiring from the authorities, but failed to get answer even under RTI,\" Shah said.Moreover, unlike other municipal corporations, SMC does not accept handwritten applications, thereby forcing everyone to purchase the forms.When contacted, SMC's deputy municipal commissioner (special) Pradipsinh Jhala said, \"I have no idea about the charges fixation of blank forms.\"Deputy commissioner (finance) S N Mehta said, \"It (charges) were decided by the particular department considering the requirements. It was also approved by the elected body.\" Mehta, however, could not explain the reason behind the higher prices for blank forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616855", "title": "Act fast on Haj pilgrims' passport: Azam to Krishna", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking note of the difficulties being faced by the haj pilgrims regarding delay caused in issuance of passports in the passport office, cabinet minister Mohd Azam Khan on Tuesday wrote a letter to minister for external affairs SM Krishna requesting him to direct the regional passport offices in the state to ensure early issuance of passports to haj pilgrims.Khan while drawing the attention of the external affairs minister to the passport related difficulties said that a large number of Muslims living in remote villages go on haj every year. \"Since most of them are uneducated, therefore, they do not understand the tedious procedures required in making a passport. A large number of applications relating to issuance of passports are lying pending in the passport office for which the formality of even police verification has not been completed. Further, in many cases, after completion of police verification, passports have not been issued to the applicants,\" Azam Khan said.He has requested the external affairs minister to direct the passport offices in Lucknow, Ghaziabad and Bareilly to issue passports to all interested applicants within a week by giving them special priority.\"The haj applicants whose passport related inquiry report has not been received by the passport offices and such people who want to go on haj pilgrimage should be issued a one-year 'tatkal passport' to enable them to go to Saudi Arabia to perform haj,\" the SP minister said in his letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12618410", "title": "BJP rejects allegation against Gadkari in Chh'garh mining deal", "text": "New Delhi, Apr 10 (PTI) The BJP today said it \"differed\" from the conclusions arrived at by the CAG in the Chhattisgarh mining case involving its MP Ajay Sancheti and refuted Congress charges that party president Nitin Gadkari benefited from the alleged financial wrongdoings in the deal. The CAG report has stated that Sancheti's firm SMS Infrastructure was favoured in terms of cost for the exploration contract given to it for Bhadgaon II Extension coal block. Congress has alleged that the BJP government in Chhattisgarh favoured Sancheti and his \"business partner\" Gadkari in this deal. \"We will not engage in the kind of campaign that the Congress is involved in. These allegations are baseless. We understand the worries of the Congress. They are involved in so many scams. But they should also learn a little about how to read and write,\" BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said.He also maintained that the BJP differs from the conclusions drawn by the CAG in this matter.\"Bhadgaon II Extension is an open cast mine where mining costs less. It is a part open and part underground mine. It is also near a river and so a wall has to be built to work as a dam to keep out the water,\" Prasad said. Asked if Sancheti and Gadkari were business partners, he replied in the negative. He hastened to add that a leader from any party can also be a businessman provided his dealings are transparent.\"Neither was Gadkari president then (in 2008 when the tender was alloted) nor was Sancheti an MP. Gadkari was BJP Maharashtra unit president. He became BJP President one and a half years later in 2010,\" Prasad said.Sancheti became a BJP Rajya Sabha MP last month.Maintaining that there is no \"contemporaneous evidence\" against Sancheti or Gadkari, the BJP said all procedures had been followed while allocating the mining license to Sancheti.\"The Chhattisgarh government had given out advertisements for tenders in an English daily and two prominent Hindi dailies. 20 people applied for Bhadgaon II and 14 for Bhadgaon II-Extension. The tender was given to the highest bidder and the whole tendering process was transparent,\" Prasad said.The tender for Bhadgaon II Extension, which was bagged by Sancheti owned SMS Infrastructure, was given to him on September 12, 2008. The company only has exploration rights.Though BJP is questioning a CAG report now, it had stalled a whole session of Parliament on the basis of the CAG report in 2G spectrum case and demanded a JPC.Asked about this, Prasad said there can be no analogy between this mining case and 2G spectrum allocation.\"The Delhi High Court had taken cognizance of the 2G case. The issue had been raised both in the Rajya Sabha and the Lok Sabha. It was very much in public domain. There was a sense of revulsion to the issue across the nation,\" he said. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12618097", "title": "MLAs\u2019 kin &amp; friends make merry at IPL", "text": "BANGALORE: Away from the standoff between elected representatives and the Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA) over issue of VIP passes for IPL-5 matches, the relatives of MLAs have made a beeline for the free passes to which legislators are entitled to.To pre-empt any backlash from legislators, KSCA has quietly given them IPL tickets, each worth Rs 1,650. As there are 225 MLAs and 75 MLCs , 300 tickets are being given to the legislative assembly secretariat a day before the match.But many MLAs who are not interested in watching these matches as they have to come from far-off places and have delegated their assistants to collect the passes. One of the reasons for not making it for the matches is the severe drought in rural Karnataka. Legislators fear voter backlash if they're seen watching a cricket match.\"I rather prefer to tour the state to study the drought situation rather than watch IPL matches. I also have to concentrate on the drinking water problem in the city. This doesn't mean I'm not interested in cricket, but I'm unable to go for the matches,\" home and transport minister R Ashoka told TOI. Bangalore city MLAs also spoke the same language.Bandeppa Kashampur, Bidar MLA, and CB Suresh Babu, Chikkanayakanahalli MLA (Tumkur district) also cited drought in their constituencies for not going for the matches. But a few are unhappy they've been given lower denomination tickets and not VIP passes.While KSCA is washed its hands of the problem by handing over tickets to the secretariat , the latter is facing the heat from legislators, who are demanding more than one ticket. \"To get more tickets, assistants call their bosses and hand over the phone to me. It's become a headache for us though rules stipulate that only one ticket can be issued to each person,'' an officer coordinating the ticket distribution told TOI. It's said an MLA from Bellary collected 12 tickets after getting signatures from as many MLAs as possible for the Bangalore-Delhi match last Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12618317", "title": "Arakkonam women kill dad after molestation bid", "text": "CHENNAI: Two young women killed their 39-year-old father when he attempted, under the influence of alcohol, to molest one of them in front of his wife and two other children in Arakkonam, 60km from Chennai, on Monday.Police registered a case against Nandhini, 20, and Chintamani, 18, for causing the death of their father, Mohan. However, the women could get off lightly as the police filed a case under Section 100 of the IPC (when the right of private defence extends to causing death), read with exception 2 to Section 300 of the IPC (murder), said inspector-general of police (north zone) C Sylendra Babu.\"We were convinced that the sisters acted in self defence, so we did not arrest them. The case will be chargesheeted in court and the self-defence claim will be proved later,\" Vellore superintendent of police A Kayal Vizhi said.An investigating officer said that Mohan, an alcoholic, returned home and picked up a quarrel with Nandhini and Chintamani, who work for a multi-national mobile phone manufacturing company.\"Mohan was drunk. He was infuriated that his daughters had met his brother recently and received Rs 10,000 from him as a repayment of a loan he had taken,\" the officer said. \"Mohan accused them of not informing him about the incident. He pounced on one of his daughters and ripped off part of her clothes and attempted to molest her. The other daughter put her dupatta around Mohan's neck to force him away from her sister,\" he said. \"The sister also pulled the dupatta in the opposite direction, strangling Mohan.\"The incident occurred in front of Mohan's wife, Surya Kala, their younger daughter, Siva Ranjani, 15, and nine-year-old son, Poovaragan.Surya Kala informed the local police about the incident. \"We have taken statements from the family members and confirmed the sequence of events. Surya Kala had lodged a complaint at the all-woman police station at Arakonam a few months ago, stating that Mohan had been harassing her and her children,\" the officer said.In a similar incident, Madurai police superintendent Asra Garg booked a 40-year-old woman, Usha Rani, under section 100 of the IPC after she killed her husband Veeranan alias Jyothi Basu. Usha Rani assaulted her husband with a cricket bat on February 9, when he tried, while drunk, to sexually assault their 19-year-old daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12617060", "title": "Labourers go on a rampage in Pratap Nagar over petty dispute", "text": "JAIPUR: Life came to a standstill in Pratap Nagar and nearby areas as hundreds of labourers working in Sitapura Industrial area went on a rampage on Tuesday. Six policemen were injured during the incident.The incident was triggered by a dispute between some labourers and their landlord Ramavtaar Sharma, police said. The labourers hailed from Bihar.\"Ramavtaar says that the labourers were not paying rent for a long time. During the dispute on Monday night, Ramavtaar and his family members roughed up one of the labourers identified as Haider. A police team was immediately rushed to the spot and rounded up Ramavtaar. Haider got himself admitted to a private hospital following which his statement could not be recorded on Monday night,\" DCP (east) Mahendra Singh told TOI. He added that after recording his statement in the morning, Ramavtaar was formally arrested.Take advantage of the situation, about half a dozen men claiming themselves to be leaders of labour unions in the Sitapura Industrial area made the petty issue snowballed into a law and order situation, police said.\"They went to factories in Sitapura Industrial Area and provoked other labourers to go on a strike. They claimed that they were not being paid on time by the factory owners,\" a police officer said.As all the factories in the industrial area were shut down, six policemen including an SHO were injured after being ambushed and stone-pelted by the rioters. The labourers blocked Tonk Road and damaged about a dozen vehicles, including three police jeeps and two Rajasthan Roadways buses.\"All this happened following a petty dispute between a labourer and his landlord over payment of monthly rent the previous night,\" police said.Police lathi-charged the protesters but failed to control the situation. The labourers also blocked the road near India Gate in Pratap Nagar and ambushed policemen who resorted to lathicharge to disperse them. They pelted stones at the buses in which passengers had a narrow escape.Earlier, the labourers gathered on Tonk Road near India Gate. When police force from Chaksu, Sanganer Sadar and other police stations rushed to the spot, the labourers tried to block the road. To disperse them, the police used a mild force, however, the protesters retaliated and started pelting stones.SHO, Pratap Nagar Jagmohan Sharma, sub inspector of Sanganer Sadar police station Ram Singh and four other policemen, including Moolchand, Suresh, Banshi and Vishnu, were injured in the stone pelting.The commuters on Tonk Road had a horrifying time as labourers threw stones randomly on vehicles plying on the road. Passengers in two Rajasthan Roadways buses had a narrow escape as the labourers smashed windows of the vehicles. They also damaged at least three police jeeps.Senior police officers, including DCP east rushed there with more police force to control the situation. Meanwhile, a group of labourers went to the grocery shop owned by Ramavtaar Sharma and ransacked it completely. They threw the items out of the shop.\"The situation was under control by afternoon. Heavy police force has been deployed in the area to maintain law and order,\" an officer said.About 125 labourers were rounded up. \"Most of them were booked under preventive sections of the CrPC and an FIR registered with Sanganer Sadar police station,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12617379", "title": "4-member team to probe derailment of wagons", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Railway divisional railway manager (DRM), Brijesh Dixit, has ordered a junior-grade inquiry into the derailment of two wagons, on Monday near Nagpur railway station.Two wagons - loaded with salt - derailed on Itwari line at 4.30pm disrupting train traffic for more than three hours. This happened as one of the wagons came on the up-line. There was no major breakage and railway officials pegged the losses at Rs 15,000. However, the major loss was punctuality of trains.One of the reasons for delayed restoration of traffic was hostile spot of Dobi Nagar slums which is thickly populated from both the sides. \"Still, normalcy in traffic was completely restored on one line by 10pm. Necessary precautions had to be taken and trains moved at a speed of 10 kmph from the accident site,\" said Uday Borwankar, additional DRM, Central Railway.Borwankar informed that a team of four senior officials from safety, mechanical, commercial and track department would probe the derailment and submit a report in eight days. Borwankar refused to comment on the exact cause of the mishap and said probe would take into account all the aspects.Borwankar denied that diamond crossing was responsible for the mishap. \"Diamond engineering is rare across the Indian Railways and is creditable. But criss-cross movement of trains has its own problems,\" the ADRM told TOI.The Central Railway has initiated work on route relay interlocking (RRI) at the Nagpur station which will take care of signalling changes even in the yard. It will also take care of the criss-crossing mainly responsible for such mishaps.Borwankar denied overloading as one of the reasons for derailment. \"We have our own checks and balances on loading of goods,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12621832", "title": "Pakistan steps up efforts to find avalanche survivors", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Amidst snowfall and weather hazards, Pakistani rescue teams on Wednesday stepped up their search for 138 people, a majority of them soldiers, buried under dozens of feet of snow by an avalanche in Siachen sector.Search and rescue teams using bulldozers and heavy machinery have cleared a 450-metre access track to five \"priority points\" where the people could be buried, a military statement said.These priority points were identified by a team from the Strategic Plans Division, an elite nuclear formation equipped with sophisticated gadgets.The rescue operation at Gyari in Siachen sector was continuing despite \"weather hazards\", the statement said.Rescue teams were working on a second access track so that they could widen the search perimeter. Work at two priority points is progressing at \"rapid speed\" because of the use of heavy machinery.Work at the three other priority points is \"mainly being done\" by infantry troops, who are manually digging through the snow, the military said.A bulldozer was being used to restore a water channel that was blocked by the avalanche four days ago.The Met Office has forcast snowfall over Siachen and surrounding areas till Thursday and officials have said they expect the weather to clear by the afternoon of Thursday.Flights to Skardu, the town closest to Gyari, have been unable to take off due to bad weather.Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani had to call off his plan to visit Gyari on Tuesday due to bad weather, officials said.The premier had intended to visit the region to express solidarity with the troops. He was advised by authorities not to travel due to the inclement weather, officials said.Gilani has directed authorities to use all available resources to retrieve the soldiers trapped by the avalanche on April 7.The military has said a total of 138 people, including 127 soldiers and 11 civilian employees, were buried when the avalanche hit a battalion headquarters at Gyari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12615297", "title": "Congress targets Gadkari\u2019s aide after CAG's Chhattisgarh mining report", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report on commercial mining of coal blocks in Chhattisgarh has put the main Opposition BJP on the defensive, with Congress demanding resignation of BJP president Nitin Gadkari on the ground that his close aide, Ajay Sancheti, allegedly derived undue benefits worth more than a Rs 1,000 crore from the policies of the Raman Singh government.The official auditor has in a recent report said that a Nagpur-based company was given the commercial mining rights for coal blocks in Bhatgaon II Extension at a significantly lower rate, causing a loss of Rs 1,052 crore to the government exchequer. Although the auditor did not identify the company, which it said was the lone bidder for the mines, Congress pointed out the alleged beneficiary as SMS Infrastructure - promoted by Gadkari's aide Sancheti, who was elected to the Rajya Sabha in March. Significantly, BJP while countering the \"undue benefit\" to the company did not object to Congress's assertion that it was promoted by Sancheti.Though CAG did not name the company, it strongly argued that it profited at the cost of the state exchequer. The auditor said that the fact that it got the contract despite being the sole bidder and when it had quoted substantially lower rates marked a violation of norms. Given the scenario the state government should have \"either extended the tender opening date or re-invited the tenders in respect of the coal blocks to generate fair competition instead of justifying the low rates by the lone bidder,\" said CAG while rejecting the defence of the state government.\"This resulted in potential loss of revenue of Rs 1052.20 crore over the lease period of 32 years (as per the mining plan) as compared to the rate obtained for the (neighbouring) Bhatgaon II coal blocks since the ratio of various grades of coal in the two coal blocks was similar,\" the auditor pointed out.Congress, which has been at the receiving end of a series of BJP's attacks based on CAG strictures, promptly latched on to the indictment of the saffron government in Chhattisgarh. Contending that Sancheti was close to Gadkari, Congress general secretary B K Hariprasad said, \"Gadkari should resign and return to Nagpur and he should not speak on corruption anymore.\"Interestingly, the slugfest between the two sides saw each reversing their known stances on CAG reports.Congress that has faulted CAG's estimates for being way off the mark and divorced from reality has called its leaders from Chhattisgarh to turn the tables on BJP.In contrast, BJP, which has happily latched on to CAG's strictures to attack Congress, made a departure to criticize auditor's findings against its government in the state. Party spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad said that it differed with CAG's observations in this instance, even as it retaliated against Congress's offensive.\"Bhatgaon II Extension is an open cast mine where mining costs less. It is a part open and part underground. It is also near a river and so a wall has to be built to work as a dam to keep out the water\", Prasad said.He added, \"The charges are baseless. We understand the worries of Congress. They are involved in so many scams. But they should also learn a little about how to read and write.\"He denied Gadkari and Sancheti were business partners or that the BJP chief used his position to get the Chhattisgarh contract for his close aide. \"Neither was Gadkari the president then (in 2008), when the tender was allotted, nor was Sancheti an MP,\" said BJP's chief spokesperson.However, Prasad maintained that a leader from any party can also be a businessman provided his dealings are transparent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12617359", "title": "Subodh Kant Sahai inaugurates river cruise", "text": "GUWAHATI: Union minster of tourism Subodh Kant Sahai inaugurated a luxurious river cruise ship in India in the presence of chief minister Tarun Gogoi here on Tuesday.The cruise ship, MV Mahabahu, set out on its maiden sail on the Brahmaputra from Pandu Port located in the western ghat of the city to Uzanbazar Ghat located in the heart of the city. The two-deck cruise ship is well-equipped with features of international standards.Built on a public-private-partnership model (PPP), the luxury cruise ship has been built by the Union ministry of tourism in association with the state government and Far Horizon, a private tourism project company based in Delhi. The project, envisioned a decade ago, was an attempt to create a unique tourism experience of international standards. The construction of the cruise ship began in 2008. Far Horizon began operations of the MV Mahabahu on February 5. An exploratory voyage was made earlier this year with an ex admiral of the United States Navy and people with experience in river cruising from all over the world.The cruise ship will begin its commercial venture in October this year and the ship will sail for 32 weeks in a year. There will be a hull inspection every year. Equipped with 29 cabins including two luxurious suites, the ship will sail from Guwahati to Tezpur and then to Vishwanathghat, Majuli and Nimatighat and again back to Guwahati. On its route, tourists will be able to visit Kaziranga and other spots offering a glimpse of traditional villages and local cultures. The ship also boasts of black and grey water treatment facilities.Speaking at a seminar held for tourism officials, the Union minister said tourism should be a political and economic agenda and according to the planning commission, tourism can also be a tool for employment generation and poverty alleviation.Bookings for the cruise ship have already started with 450 international websites catering to bookings of tickets. The cabins with balconies are priced at Rs 24,500, cabins without balconies are priced at Rs 22,500 and luxurious suites are priced at Rs 35,000 for seven nights and eight days. The route the cruise ship will take includes all those places foreign tourists flock Assam for.\"The double-hull cruise ship, which has been specifically designed to cater to the needs of international tourists, will boost the tourism potential of not only Assam but also the rest of the northeast once it is operational. The northeastern region has all the aspects required for tourism. We selected the Brahmaputra for the cruise ship as it is a holistic spot and the world will know what the state in particular and the northeast in general has to offer,\" said Sanjay Basu, managing director of Far Horizon.The Rs 25-crore cruise ship built with steel, poly carbonate and fiber glass, has five-star facilities like sun deck that offers a 360 degree view of the surroundings, swimming pool, steam room, sauna room, a spa, two Jacuzzis, two massage rooms along with satellite television facilities, a game room and a library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12616200", "title": "Chemical unit under lens for polluting water", "text": "HYDERABAD: A recent laboratory report of the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board (APPCB) has brought Hyderabad-based Vishnu Chemicals under the scanner for polluting ground water in areas surrounding its factory in Gaddapotharam in Medak district.The tests revealed that huge quantities of hexavalent chromium (a lethal chemical known to cause cancer) stored on the premises of the factory has contaminated the water raising a serious health concern.Rough estimates suggest that the unit has as much as 20,000 tonnes of hazardous chromium waste of which hexavalent chromium comprises a significant percentage. \"Storage of such waste is not allowed under PCB norms. However, the unit was granted permission as it had assured that it would treat it and prevent its leak,\" said a PCB official noting that the laxity on the part of the chemical factory could lead to its closure.Most of the chemical factories in and around the city transport hazardous waste to the treatment storage and disposal facility (TSDF) in Dundigal.While officials of Vishnu Chemicals deny such charges, Pollution Control Board officials maintain that the unit has been flouting norms for several years now. Some even allege that the unit has been spared by the government department owing to its political connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12616707", "title": "Uttar Pradesh Congress Committe functionaries clamour for audience with Rahul", "text": "LUCKNOW: After Rahul Gandhi heard out MLAs, MPs and select candidates' version about party's rout in UP assembly election, it is the turn of UPCC organisational functionaries to clamour for an audience with the Congress high command. In a meeting held on Tuesday, a group of 175 district/city presidents collectively demanded a chance to put up their side of story before Rahul Gandhi or AK Antony committee. Later, Congress state president Rita Bahuguna Joshi assured them that Sonia Gandhi would be apprised of the development.Rahul on April 5 had convened a meeting of the candidates who bagged 20,000 or more votes in the election. He also held parleys with the newly elected 28 MLAs and MPs. Majority of the delegates reportedly blamed poor organisational structure for the debacle echoing what AICC president Sonia Gandhi had declared shortly after the results were announced. This is only a one-sided version, said a participant on Tuesday. \"While non-cooperation or indifference from some of the district and city units cannot be ruled out, laying the entire blame of the unexpectedly poor tally on 116 units would be a travesty of truth,\" he added.The leadership in Delhi has been doled out only half truths, said another district president. \"Even the leaders know the major contributory factors to the flop show, ranging from the wrong ticket distribution, infighting among big leaders to controversial comments by UPA ministers that confused and angered the electorate. So why make us the fall guys,\" he asked.Meanwhile, confirming the reports Joshi said she has already forwarded the request of the district presidents to Sonia Gandhi and Rahul. \"Since everyone else has been given a chance and Rahul has already met most of the candidates, the demand by district presidents to put forward their view point before the high command is not unjustified,\" she said.\"They want to meet either Rahul Gandhi or the Antony committee and I have requested a collective audience for them before either,\" Joshi told TOI. \"The information culled from the grassroots cadre,\" she said \"would help felicitate the decision by the high command.\" The three-member committee is likely to meet the MLAs and other senior leaders in Delhi this week, a senior leader claimed. \"The blame game between party candidates and organisational functionaries has already led to much bitterness among workers who anyway felt sidelined this time. An audience with the high command, he added, will therefore be the just what they need to boost up their sagging morale ahead of the crucial civic body polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12617167", "title": "Agitated ryots shut it out", "text": "PANAJI: Agitated over the permanent flooding of paddy fields in the khazan-rich belt of Azossim, Mandur, Neura and Agasaim, farmers in Azossim recently shut off a sluice gate and demanded the early completion of a bundh project.Hundreds of farmers have been hit, as parts of the entire stretch of paddy fields from Carambolim to Agasaim, lie submerged. \"We have been suffering for more than ten years due to the permanent flooding of our fields,\" a farmer said.The farmers' committees have often petitioned the Tiswadi mamlatdar's office to repair the breaches to the bundhs. But in the recent incident, the permanent state of flooding, often by vested interests to promote pisciculture, irked some Azossim locals into clamping shut a sluice gate in the area.Farmers from the St Mathew's Tenant Association, Azossim, grilled the association's office bearers over the grant of fishing rights to a sluice gate in the village. But the committee members led by chairman, Agustino A Caldeira, flatly denied that they had auctioned, at a public meeting, fishing rights to the present caretaker.This sluice gate is aligned to the 2.5 km-long bundh project tendered by the soil conservation division of the agriculture department in December 2011. The 3.25 crore bundh of Valado Divisorio and Azossim is along the Cumbarjua canal and endeavours to protect vast stretches of paddy fields.The tender had been awarded to Paresh Kamat &amp; Associates. \"The contractor is trying to build an approach road to carry materials to the site,\" a source in the soil conservation division said.But the farmers, who were hopeful that the bundh construction would solve their long-term problem of flooded fields, were agitated over the operation of the sluice gate and also questioned the contractor. \"The contractor claimed that he retained the right to keep it open for fishing,\" a farmer claimed.However, a soil conservation section official said the contractor, who has been awarded the tender, has to complete the work as per the schedule. \"As disputes often arise once sluice gate rights are auctioned, we had requested the mamlatdar not to auction these rights during the bundh construction,\" a source said.But the mamlatdar said no auction had been held to the best of his knowledge. \"It is the tenants' association's responsibility to auction the rights of the sluice gate,\" mamlatdar Gourish Kuttikar told TOI.The farmers from Azossim marched to the sluice gate last week and shut it down. They also wrote to the mamlatdar, urging him to recover the losses for the three month fishing period from the contractor. The contractor declined to comment, stating that he is doing his job.Meanwhile, farmers in Mandur-Dongorim area have also petitioned the mamlatdar about the breaches to the Ofla Domzo bundh.\"This bundh has at least three breaches, but the farmers' association has informed it has no funds,\" Kuttikar said.The work will now be taken up on a subsidy to be provided by the government. \"The tenants' association will have to provide 10% of the total cost,\" Kuttikar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12617422", "title": "Panchayat official's office set on fire", "text": "MALDA: A panchayat deputy chief was beaten up and his office was set ablaze after he allegedly molested a housewife on Tuesday. The accused, who is hospital with severe injuries, has denied the allegations. Police have begun probe into the incident.Shipra Sarkar, a housewife from Najarpur village, alleged that the upa pradhan of Muchia gram panchayat Dulal Chaki and his associates used to pass obscene comments from their office near the bus stand whenever she was around. Housewife of village Najarpur, Shipra Sarkar alleged that for some days she was being teased by Upa Prodhan of Muchia Gram Panchayet Dulal Chaki and his associates. Regular obscene comments were made from Chaki's personal office beside Muchia Bus Stand whenever she was around.On Tuesday, when she had gone to a shop near the bus stand, Chaki's associates forcefully picked her up and took her to the office. They tried to molest her in the office.Panchayet Upa Prodhan (deputy chief) molested a house wife. On this allegation angry villagers roughed him up and set ablaze his office. The severely injured Upa Prodhan lying on hospital bed, however, denied the allegation and counter blamed villagers. Police have begun enquiry.Later, the angry villagers attacked Chaki's office and he was severely beaten up. His office was set on fire. His motorcycle, too, was set ablaze. However, Chaki said: \"Some locals, led by Susanta Sarkar, Jogen Mandal, Shyamal Sarkar and others, were filling up a pond illegally. I lodged a complaint against them with police but they did not take any action. Then I filed a case in the court which led to their arrest. The miscreants, who were released on bail today, managed to convince the villagers to attack my office.\" They were released on bail today and managed to they came to village and connived with a group of villagers to attack my office.\"It is learnt that a revolver was recovered from Chaki's office. SP Jayanta Pal said: \"We have started three cases against Chaki on the basis of the woman's complaint. Those are attempt to rape, snatching and keeping arms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12617144", "title": "Beniwal's allegations pushes BJP into defensive mode", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after the Opposition disrupted the proceedings at the state assembly over the arrest of BJP's chief whip Rajendra Rathore in the Dara encounter case, the party turned defensive on the same issue on Tuesday when the party's suspended legislator Hanuman Beniwal once again alleged involvement of senior BJP leaders in the case.Participating in the debate on home department demands, Beniwal said while leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje was making allegations against independent MP Kirori Lal Meena in the Surwal case, the leader of opposition's role in the Dara encounter case was also suspicious.While the treasury benches enjoyed the political drama, the Opposition benches erupted in protest, walking into the well thrice demanding Beniwal not be allowed to make personal allegations. Deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari objected to Beniwal's statements saying the matter was sub judice to which ruling party's chief whip Raghu Sharma reacted saying, \"Was it not a sub judice matter on Monday when the BJP disrupted the proceedings repeatedly?\"The argument between the two heated up as Tiwari objected to Beniwal naming senior BJP leaders who were not present in the House. Sharma accused Tiwari of often using unparliamentary words in the House. Sharma's allegations led to an uproar and the BJP legislators walked into the well. Sharma and BJP MLA Gyan Deo Ahuja were also involved in a verbal spat.Speaking at the debate, BJP legislator from Shahpura Rao Rajendra Singh extended support to Rajendra Rathore saying that it is unfortunate that one phone call has landed Rathore in jail. \"It is sad that we are politicizing the issue. We should collectively protest the move, for it can happen to any one of us,'' he said.Singh also raised the issue of low pay scale of police constables. He said though constables and patwaris join service at the same pay scale, at the end of 27 years, patwaris earn far more than the constables. \"At the end of 27 years, a constable at the most becomes a sub-inspector while a patwari rises to the post of a tehsildar. Constables are made to run 10 kilometres for service but after 27 years of running in service, he hardly ever reaches anywhere,'' he said.The BJP legislators while participating in the debate raised the issue of lack of jail reforms and modernisation, state government's failure to utilise allotted funds for jails, increase in crime ratio and cyber crime for the constables among other things. The Opposition also staged a walkout during the debate because of the absence of cabinet ministers in the House.Meanwhile, the Speaker returned the mobile phones of the BJP MLAs which they had submitted as a mark of protest a day earlier over the Rathore arrest issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12616344", "title": "Mild tension over temple demolition", "text": "HYDERABAD: A mild tension prevailed at Medipally after a businessman demolished a small temple located on his land on Tuesday. The incident happened at the 416-square yard of prime land belonging to Parandhama Reddy at Medipally. According to Malkajgiri ACP P Radhakishan Rao, the land was in civil dispute for a long time between Reddy and Coastal Audit Cooperative Housing Society. During this period, the society members built a small Pochamma temple at the site. Subsequently, Reddy won the legal battle and even got a structure dismantling order from the district panchayat officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12618455", "title": "He farms on barren land and reaps millions", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Watermelon, the most sought after natural coolant during summers, also fetches attractive profit to farmers. While local farmers are reluctant to cultivate this crop, a small-time farmer from south Chhattisgarh's Pakhanjur village Tapan Biswas, who travels down to Chandrapur, has set an example by reaping huge profit of over Rs 22 lakh this year out of watermelon farming.Watermelon can be grown under irrigated condition between December and March. This short-term crop requires lesser labour as compared to other produces and provides high yield as well as profit. Biswas has been into watermelon farming since the last 15 years. Earlier, he used to cultivate watermelon in Gadchiroli, but has moved to rural areas of Chandrapur four years back. He stays here for mere six months during cultivation season, takes a crop, sells his harvest and returns to native place, Pakhanjur, which is in south Chhattisgarh , with a hefty profit.\"With apt knowledge, watermelon cultivation is painstaking but simple job. Provided with availability of ample water, this crop can be cultivated even on barren land,\" says Biswas. He comes to Chandrapur in October and searches for barren lands with sandy soil having irrigation facility at close hand. He leases the land from local farmers for the next six months and begins cultivation. As farmers are reluctant towards their barren patches of land, he easily rents such land at Rs 5,000 per acre. Biswas took watermelon crops in Vyhad, Bhansi, Haramba, Kadoli and Donada villages this year.It takes around one-and-half month period to prepare the land for cultivation. He employs local labourers for tilling job and begins cultivation by December. He took the crop in 40 acre of land and earned a huge profit of Rs 22 lakh out of it. He, however, invests well into his farming and uses high yielding seeds for watermelon cultivation. It costs around Rs 30,000 per acre for cultivation to Biswas and he harvests 16 to 20 tonne of watermelon per acre.\"There are ample barren lands available in Chandrapur districts. I prepare the land for my crop and water it to obtain good yield. Once my harvest is over, the land is prepared for the next crop for owner farmer,\" he said. Biswas, however, has to restart his search for other patches of barren land the next year, as previously cultivated land is not much suitable for next watermelon cultivation.The watermelon cultivated here is sold in Mumbai and Delhi besides the local markets. The farmer from Pakhanjur says that when the watermelon weighs over 10kg a piece, then such ones are exported to Middle East. The huge profit from the watermelon business changed the life of Biswas, who purchased a tractor and drives back home in his prized vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12622258", "title": "Rowdy Rathore is like my debut film: Akshay", "text": "Akshay Kumar speaks on his forthcoming action film.Akshay Kumar did comedy for a little too long. His fans are glad he is getting back to action finally. Akshay will be seen in and as Rowdy Rahore in his next directed by Prabhu Deva.Speaking about the film, Akshay revealed, \"I am doing an action film after seven years! It felt like I am making my debut once again. I have signed three other action films post Rowdy Rathore.\"Akshay has been paired with Sonakshi Sinha once again in this Hindi remake of a South film.Will Akshay beat Salman Khan and reclaim his position as Bollywood's original khiladi? Let's wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12618579", "title": "Playground turns battleground", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Playground of the Shaurya Army Public School in Chandimandir cantonment virtually turned into a battlefield on Tuesday, where scores of children from different schools of Chandigarh and Panchkula rode the T-90 tanks, tried their hand on howitzer guns (Bofors guns) and various other sophisticated weapons, pistols, rocket launchers, guns, missiles.In an endeavour to give an exposure of weapons to children of local schools, the Army organized an equipment display at the school premises.The students were curious to understand the know-how of the weapons. For many students the exhibition was a glimpse of adventure and life in the Army and despite inclement weather on Tuesday, around 600 enthusiastic students, including large number of girls, from seven different schools of Chandigarh and Panchkula turned up on very first day of display. The equipment will remain on display till Thursday and the number of visitors is likely to rise on subsequent days.The aim of this display was to motivate children to think about Army as a career. Equipment of armour, mechanized infantry, infantry, engineers, artillery and air defence origin were put on display. Besides the static display, children were also shown launching of bridge on an obstacle and mechanized forces crossing it. Children also witnessed long-range artillery gun coming into action and enjoyed tank ride on T-90 tanks.Brigadier Training (Western Command) P K Singh said youth is the hope of young and vibrant India and young men who do not dream cannot attain bigger heights. \"To give wings to their imagination and help them in decision making for career options, a display of wide range of equipment and weapon system was organized,\" Brig Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12616941", "title": "Panel formed for grant-in-aid status", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has formed a committee of seven ministers to decide upon a comprehensive policy to give grant-in-aid status to private schools.Nearly 400 applications of private schools to be converted into the grant-in-aid schools have been gathering dust since 2008. Educationists say the constitution of the committee of ministers may be a populist measure to win goodwill of influential educationists in the election year.Ironically, educationists say the government itself makes the self-financed schools sign on a stamp paper saying they will not apply for grant from the state or seek a grant-in-aid status in future. However, there are instances where influential community groups, who launched schools, have been given grant-in-aid status in the past.On a larger scale, the education department had invited applications from self-financed schools in 2008 who wanted to get converted to grant-in-aid schools, but the matter was put on the back-burner. Now, four years later, the committee of ministers has been formed to look into the issue again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12613684", "title": "Guru Tegh Bahadur Jayanti", "text": "True realisation of the actual nature of this material world, its perishable, transitory and illusory aspects best dawns on a person in suffering.*One cannot be purified simply by washing one's body since the polluted mind cannot be washed with water. It is only the True Name of Almighty God that can wash away all sins and emancipate the soul.*He who trusts in God and makes an honest living to share with others and injures no one, nor harbours ill will against another need perform no other rituals.*O mother, I have been blessed with the wealth of God's name. My mind is free from wandering and is established in peace. Avarice and worldly love dare not touch me and pure divine knowledge fills me. Greed and desire cannot affect me. I am totally immersed in devotion.Guru Tegh Bahadur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12621070", "title": "Fatboy Slim\u2019s right here right now", "text": "British musician Norman Cook, the 1990s superstar DJ - who reinvented himself as Fatboy Slim and is better known for his outrageously successful Brighton Beach party of 2002 that earned him the moniker of the beach party DJ - is coming to India on his maiden tour in May.BT listens in as Bangalore's music makers and organizers let in whether Fatboy Slim will be able to hold his own, after David Guetta's recent astounding performance and the fact that his performance is bang in the middle of the IPL.\"We are yet to make the announcement about the number of cities that he is performing at and the dates,\" says Veddant Rathi, the organizer, adding, \"A lot of international acts have come to India before and they have had a good draw with audiences. A lot of people have grown up listening to Fatboy Slim - the man is legendary. Sooner or later, we were going to bring him to India and I am sure it will be successful.\" While Fatboy Slim hasn't done anything new in the past few years, the veteran DJ's legendary status is uncontested. \"He was the David Guetta of his time, 10 years ago. He wasn't just a DJ, he was a record producer with his own label and was a part of a few bands. He is greatly admired and someone who all musicians look up to,\" says DJ Ivan.However, Ivan concedes that \"he is not the greatest DJ at the moment\". \"He is an absolute legend, but I don't know whether 20-year-olds will take the trouble of lining up for the concert,\" he says.DJ Nash, who has brought Norman's classics Right Here Right Now and Praise You back into Bangalore's nightclubs, says the DJ has an unmistakable \"flashback factor\". \"The crowd may not know Fatboy Slim, but they know the melody. Every time you play his songs, there is a flashback factor. The guy's DJing sets are completely wicked,\" says Nash.So will there be takers for a Fatboy Slim performance in India? \"Yes,\" says DJ Sasha, adding, \"People will connect with him as he is pretty big for those who follow house music. He might get the same attention, if not as close as David Guetta.\" Guetta's success mantra, says Sasha is in collaborating with international stars. \"When Guetta was making music, he was just David Guetta. After his association with stars, he became World No 1. Unlike David, who's a commercial DJ intent on promoting his own music, Fatboy Slim is open to new sounds,\" says Sasha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12617760", "title": "Poisoned Bangalore baby recovering", "text": "BANGALORE: Five days after she was nearly killed by her father, baby Hina has started showing some signs of improvement. She has been slowly moving her arms and limbs, doctors treating her said on Tuesday.Dr Somegowda, superintendent, Vani Vilas hospital, told TOI that the baby is receiving 'fresh frozen plasma'. (One unit of FFP or thawed plasma is the plasma taken from a unit of whole blood. Usually it is frozen and preserved after donation). This is to increase her blood cells.''According to Dr Somegowda, they need at least three weeks to say something concrete on the baby's health condition. \"There is internal blood clotting but the functioning of her brain is getting normal. That is a positive sign,\" he said.Refuting reports that the child had slipped into coma, the doctors said she was on ventilation. \"Coma is the next worst stage. As of today, the condition of the child is not bad,\" the doctors told TOI.\"Compared to Monday, her breathing has improved. We are hopeful that she will recover in the next few days,\" the doctors said.Tousif Pasha, relative of the mother Reshma Banu, told TOI that they had already paid Rs 25,000 towards the baby's treatment. While Reshma's husband Umar Farooq is in Parappana Agrahara prison in judicial custody, her in-laws have refused to cooperate with her. Reshma is forced to rely on Pasha, a petty merchant in KG Halli for support. Reshma's father-in-law Abubkar Siddiqui and mother-in-law Piaree Siddiqui have no clue of the hospital expenses. \"I don't see any point in blaming the Siddiqui couple. They are old and cannot work. But they should have advised Umar against such beatings,\" Pasha said.\"Fortunately, hospital doctors are cooperating and the Child Welfare Committee has promised to share the financial burden,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12618066", "title": "Old-age disease striking the young too", "text": "BANGALORE: Bhargav (name changed ) started going to school when he was five. He was a normal, cheerful boy who loved playing with his kid brother and friends in school. A year later, he suddenly started getting tremors in his left hand and leg. Six months later, his physical movement slowed down and three months after that, he could hardly move without support. Bhargav was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 2008. He's just nine years old.But Bhargav is a rare case, suffering from a disease which typically afflicts those 60 years or older. He's under treatment at the Parkinson's &amp; Aging Research Foundation here.Neurologists and neurosurgeons in Bangalore are noticing a rise in the number of Parkinson's cases at younger age and blaming it on intra-family marriages (when close relatives get married to each other ) and genetic transfer. In old age, one could get it due to degeneration of brain cells.Said Dr Uday Muthane, neurologist and medical director, Parkinson's &amp; Aging Research Foundation : \"Parkinson's is an autosonal recessive disease and transferred through genes . When two closely related people get married to each other , the chances of carrying abnormal genes and passing it to a child doubles. The number of young people suffering from Parkinson's is increasing every year .\"According to a World Health Organisation report, one in thousand persons in India suffers from Parkinson's. The statistics for Karnataka is about the same. Like other brain disorders , Parkinson's too is incurable . Says Dr N K Venkataramana , vice-chairman and chief neurosurgeon, BGS Global Hospitals: \"It is a very slow progressive disease. The symptoms can start as early at 25 years. A person may start feeling tremors on some part of the body and slowly start losing movement. The symptoms start being obvious as time goes by. The main cause is denegeration of brain cells, but it can also be triggered by auto-immunity. None of the themes related to development of Parkinson's has been proven till date.\" The disease is becoming common in the age group of 40-45 years because it passes through heredity. Doctors said earlier it was seen only in the 60-plus age group . \"I see at least 10 patients in the 40-45 age group every year. Like diabetes and hypertension, it can be controlled but not cured. But there is a ray of hope. If a parent has a history of Parkinson's , then there's only a 10% chance of the child getting it,\" said Dr Sreekantha Swamy, senior consultant, neurosurgery, Apollo Hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12618315", "title": "Citizens\u2019 panel to monitor Pune Municipal Corporation\u2019s functioning", "text": "PUNE: Taking a leaf out of Team Anna's campaign to make elected representatives accountable to the voters, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has proposed that a citizens' vigilance committee be set up to monitor and review the civic body's functioning.The setting up of the committee was proposed by standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere of the NCP after he presented the Rs 3,633.02 crore annual draft civic budget for 2012-13 before the PMC's general body.\"The committee, to be chaired by the mayor, will comprise of the municipal commissioner, office-bearers and 12 prominent citizens. The committee will guide the PMC in the execution of development works and take a review of the PMC's functioning after every three months,\" Chandere said.\"The committee members will offer suggestions on development work. The administration and elected representatives will be answerable to the committee. We have initially proposed an allocation of Rs 15 lakh for the constitution of the committee and its operations,\" Chandere said.Asked about apprehensions that the committee could act as an extra-constitutional body, Chandere said, \"The committee and elected representatives will work in tandem. There will be no conflict. We will not appoint people from the political field on the committee.\"Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak supported the idea, saying that the committee would help the PMC function in the \"right direction\".Following Anna Hazare's Lokpal agitation, the city NCP had, during campaigning for February's civic elections, promised to make the civic administration and elected representatives accountable to the voters.\"This is welcome step. But we have to see who is appointed on the committee. It will also be interesting to see how politicians respond to the formation of such a committee,\" said civic activist Vijay Kumbhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12617781", "title": "PSG Hospital nurses strike continues", "text": "Cleared/ 322COIMBATORE: The standoff between nurses and management of the PSG Hospital further intensified as both sides remained adamant with their stand on Tuesday. Meanwhile, various trade union representatives along with Coimbatore ex-MP K Subbaraiyan announced their solidarity to the striking nurses, who were demanding better pay scale and work atmosphere at the hospital. The hospital management on the other hand categorically stated that they will not come forward for fresh negotiations unless and until the nurses turn up for duty. They have also issued notice to around 250 nurses participating in the strike to vacate from the hospital hostel with immediate effect.\"We will not talk to the striking nurses unless and until they report for duty. We are willing to negotiate after that as they have left our patients and walked off from the hospital without attending them,\" said Dr Vimal Kumar Govindan, medical director, PSG Hospital near Peelamedu in the city.The protests further intensified on Tuesday after the nurses resorted to a sit-in protest at the hospital main entrance. They also raised slogans against the hospital management. Police personnel were also deployed at the medical facility in view of the aggressive posture of the striking nurses. Later in the evening they gathered in front of Hotel Tamil Nadu near Gandhipuram and conducted a protest demonstration condemning the hospital management. The nurses have already sought for the intervention of the district administration and state government to resolve the issue.\"We have been asked to vacate the hostel by today but we hope that they don't ask us to leave as there are lot of women also in our camp protesting against the management,\" said Sameer Ahmed, one of the protesting nurses.The hospital management claimed that they were maintaining the critical patients and out patient section with the help of junior doctors senior nursing supervisors who were giving extra duty hours at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12618820", "title": "Does rocky road lie ahead for Mumbaikars?", "text": "As far as road repairs in the city are concerned, it is back to the same old business. Despite repeated attempts to overhaul the system , the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has failed to prevent companies that were penalized for shoddy work in the past from bidding for pothole repairs.TOI has learnt that barring two companies, all the bidders are the ones that have been repairing city roads for over decades now. To add to that, tainted companies like R K Madhani are among the bidders.Following an uproar over the poor condition of roads, the BMC last year tried out a slew of new technologies to fill potholes. The step was taken after the municipal commissioner and the additional municipal commissioner approved the standing technical advisory committee's recommendation to switch over to cold-mix technologies from traditional hot-mix ones.BMC officials said very few new firms came forward to carry out pothole repairs. Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta told TOI, \"We went to the market and opened the process for companies to participate in the process. But we cannot help if the same firms bid again and no new firm steps forward. All we can do is increase our levels of supervision when the work is carried out by the firms. We have a new system in place that will check the excesses of all firms carrying out the repairs.\"A senior roads department official said, \"It is the same firms who have bid for the work across all zones. Currently, we are yet to tabulate all the information. But at this moment, we have come across only two new companies.\"Last year, TOI had been reporting how road works had been going to a set of companies who had been winning contracts for 22 years. One such is R K Madhani &amp; Co, which has been doing business with the BMC for decades now. The company has been penalized in the past. R K Madhani officials did not respond to repeated phone calls by TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "guntakal", "code": "12616317", "title": "40 crude bombs recovered from train in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "GUNTAKAL: The recovery of 40 crude bombs from a passenger train created panic in Guntakal railway junction on Tuesday. While the crude bombs did not explode, it caused some tension among the passengers.The crude bombs were found by a woman worker from a bogie of Tirupati-Guntakal passenger which arrived at the junction at 10 am. The train was hauled to the yard for maintenance works when the worker found a parcel containing the bombs. She immediately alerted the higher authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12617557", "title": "Traffic lessons become caller tunes of police", "text": "KOZHIKODE: After launching Pappu, the traffic mascot, the Kerala police are on another mission to make public aware of the need to follow traffic rules. They have come out with a custom made caller tune for their cell phones with the message: follow traffic rules and save lives.The message which begins in Malayalam also directs caller to use Zebra lines for crossing roads, the need to wear helmet and seat belt while driving and stop using mobile phones while driving. An English translation of the Malayalam message also follows before the end of the caller tone.According to Xavier Sebastian, assistant commissioner of police (traffic south), the police have launched the new awareness programme to ensure traffic rules.The programme aims to sensitize not only the public but also the cops. The move comes in the wake of instructions issued by the department not to exempt the members of the force from punishment if they violate helmet or other traffic rules.The specially prepared caller tones were introduced two weeks ago by the department with the help of the service providers. The decision was taken following a review of the rate of accident deaths in the state.According to the information, all cops who have a minimum of Rs 25 balance in their official phones received the caller tones without any prior information from the police department.Many cops were not impressed by the department's move. A cop in Kozhikode city, whose caller tone has been changed with the traffic awareness message, said the department could have informed them about the project beforehand.The police are now planning to include student police cadets to intensify the traffic awareness programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12617386", "title": "Artistes extend support for Kochi-Muziris Biennale", "text": "KOCHI: Following a spate of controversies over the first Biennale slated to be held later this year in Kochi, Support Forum-Biennale 2012, a group of major artistes in the state, has come out in support for the event.\"The countdown for perhaps the best thing to happen to the Kerala art scene has started. The Kochi-Muziris Biennale scheduled for December offers artists a great opportunity and we pledge our support to it,\" said sculptor Raghunathan K, who represents the Biennale supporters' forum, at a press conference here on Tuesday.The forum boasts about 30 senior artistes from various disciplines. They include C N Karunakaran, Adoor Gopalakrishnan and Akkitham Vasudevan among others. The Kochi Biennale Foundation is planning to organize the event once every two years in the city.\"We do not have any doubts about the credentials of Biennale foundation members like Bose Krishnamachari and Riyaz Komu, who have overseen similar international events. Let the investigations go on. We are here to support the Biennale,\" Raghunathan said.The artistes who represented the forum were of the opinion that those against the Biennale have not clearly understood the exposure such an event would give local artistes. \"Biennale provides a global platform for artistes in Kerala; for the young and aspiring as well as veterans,\" said Leon K L.The forum members also cited the life of Raja Ravi Varma to underline the importance of exposure and patronage for arts. \"Raja Ravi Varma found patronage in Maharashtra. Similarly, full-time artistes in Kerala will get exposure and support once the Biennale takes place. The misunderstanding that certain artistes have, at this point about the foundation shouldn't overshadow the benefits such an event will bring,\" observed Anto George.The support from the artistes' community has come at a crucial time when allegations of corruption and misallocation of government funds by the foundation have been rife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "siddipet", "code": "12616288", "title": "Botched-up surgery by hospital nurses kills mother, newborn", "text": "SIDDIPET: In a case of a botched surgery performed by nurses, a pregnant woman and her newly-born baby girl lost their lives here on Tuesday. Angry parents and relatives attacked the hospital and demanded stringent action against the doctors and erring nurses.Koyyeti Swapna, 21, came to the government MCH hospital on April 8 with labour pains. No doctor attended to her in the last two days. When Swapna was writhing in pain on Tuesday, two nurses, Niharika and Swati, took her into the labour room and performed a surgery. The duty doctors - Ramaswamy and Aruna - were absent on the day. While the baby girl was stillborn, Swapna's condition deteriorated due to heavy bleeding. The nurses tried to revive her, but in vain. Soon after the news spread , villagers from Rudraram in Mirudoddi mandal rushed to the hospital and broke the glass panes. They hurled the flower pots and damaged the furniture.They demanded penal action against the absentee doctors and the nurses. Both the nurses, on their part, claimed that they performed the surgery on humanitarian grounds to save the woman. A case was booked against the nurses.Meanwhile, former MLA S Ramalinga Reddy staged a dharna in front of the hospital demanding compensation for the victim's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12617467", "title": "Laburnum in full bloom and assures you a golden kani", "text": "KOCHI: This Vishu you might get Kanikonna (cassia fistula) for Vishukkani as the golden shower flowers are still in full bloom in several parts of the city.These flowers will be available in the markets from Thursday morning. \"Most of the flowers are from Alappuzha, mainly from Ambalapuzha and Cherthala. The price will be around Rs 20 a packet/small bundle,\" said Unnikrishnan, a flower dealer in Ernakulam.The last couple of years saw a dire shortage of Kanikonna flowers during Vishu as the trees had been flowering well ahead of the flowering season. \"Trees likeKanikonna is sensitive to temperature, especially in the flowering and fruiting season.It needs high temperature to trigger leaf production, and then flowers begin to bloom. Soon the leaves start falling, leaving the trees full of golden yellow flowers,\" said Jacob Varghese, professor, Department of Botany, Sacred Heart College, Kochi.He said the trees, which traditionally bloom in April, have been, of late, blooming several timesfrom December, indicating that there is a frequent change in the weather pattern. The tree grows well in dry climate and needs full sun on well-drained soil. \"Though there has not been any intense research on the changes in these seasonal plants, we have been observing that those trees which have green leaves are in full bloom for a longer time than the ones whose leaves fall off,\" said Dr B K Rajeevan, head, Department of Floriculture, Kerala Agricultural University.On being asked whether air pollutants played a role in flowers blooming early, Rajeevan said ethylene, a pollutant emanating from vehicle fumes acted as a catalyst in triggering the separation of leaves and flowers. \"Though ethylene isn't a very strong pollutant, it speeds up the flowering process,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12617086", "title": "Confused Nashik Municipal Corporation puts on hold housing projects", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik Municipal Corporation's town planning department has put on hold over 100 residential projects in the city as it is awaiting detailed guidelines from the state government on the resolution that 20% should be reserved for weaker sections in housing projects that are coming up in 2,000 sq mt.The government had issued a resolution on January 18 but it did not specify any details creating confusion among officials, builders and developers.\"As we have not received the guidelines from the state government, we have kept on hold all the proposals for approval of residential building plans. Not a single plan has been approved since January 18. Around 100 residential building plan proposals have been submitted,\" an NMC official told TOI on condition of anonymity.\"The way government has introduced the GR, it can't be successful. We are in touch with the state government in this connection. But the construction activities have reduced in the city as the approval to the new building plans has stopped. Hence, this has started creating shortage of the houses in the city,\" said Kiran Chavan, president of Nashik unit of Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (Credai).Sujoy Gupta, chairman of Samrat Group, said, \"The state government only issued a GR but it did not give clear cut direction regarding it. As a result, not a single building plan has been approved in Nashik since January 18 and builders, who had bought land for the projects and waiting for approval, are in trouble. This has also led to shortage of houses in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12616944", "title": "SIT court summons two former investigators", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special SIT court, which hears the case of killing of British Nationals near Prantij in north Gujarat during the 2002 riots, has issued notice to two police officers and kept their deposition on Friday.Designated judge Geeta Gopi has issued summons to senior cops - then superintendent of police J R Prajapati and DySP N S Solanki in response to an application filed by newly-appointed special prosecutors. The new prosecutors - R C Kodekar and N K Dahiya sought examination of these two cops at the fag end of the trial after one of the British envoys - Howard Parkinson stated before the court last month that an anonymous letter containing eight names of the accused persons was forwarded to Gujarat's DGP by him and he had recommended that an inquiry should take place. Accordingly, the DGP held an inquiry and even communicated the outcome of the inquiry to the former British high commissioner. The prosecutors contended that the letter which has been taken on record as well as other investigation materials, was gathered during the inquiry on the British envoy's insistence and was also part of the court papers. However, there was a need to ascertain the veracity of the documents and therefore those officers that conducted the probe were required to be examined.Parkinson told the court in his deposition about his communication with the DGP on March 5, 15 and 26, 2002, wherein he asked for details about investigation in this case. Accordingly, the DGP later furnished details about the investigation conducted in the case to the high commission.Special prosecutor R C Kodekar said that on basis of Parkinson's deposition, he would now request the court to summon certain witnesses including the police officer that conducted investigation and submitted report on Parkinson's queries.In this case, Saeed Dawood, Mohammed Aswat Nallabhai, Shakil Dawood and a Gujarati driver Yusuf Sulaiman were killed on National Highway No 8 near Prantij. Imran was also traveling with them, but he escaped and later became the complainant. The designated court has examined 76 witnesses in this case. Three eye witnesses in this case have turned hostile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12618186", "title": "Pulses research institute to set up regional centre in State", "text": "BHOPAL:Indian Pulses Research Institute will set up a regional centre in Madhya Pradesh , a state which offers immense possibilities for increasing production of pulses.The state cabinet meeting, presided over by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , has decided to allot 50 hectare of land of government agriculture farm on Bhopal Indore Road on a 30-year lease to the Kanpur- based research institute for setting up its regional centre.An official spokesman said the state Government has been making efforts for ensuring availability of seeds of appropriate species of pulses crops to farmers which can give more production and improve productivity in different climatic zones of the state.The government also decided to amend the state (Thermal Power Plant Establishment) land management rules 2011 fixing the rates for allotment of land to private investors for setting up thermal power plants in the state.The new rate for allotment of land has been fixed at Rs eight lakh per acre or 1.6 times more than the collector guideline rate for irrigated land in the district, whichever is more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "12616241", "title": "Watch out! Copying gets high-tech", "text": "WARANGAL: Watch out. Copying has just gone high-tech. An ingenious student hit upon the novel idea to indulge in copying by making the best use of his wrist watch while writing an exam before the invigilator caught up with him.The high-tech copying incident came to light here on Tuesday at AVV Degree College during the B Com second year exams. Bharathi Degree College student J Sachin, who took his e-Commerce exam at the AVV College centre, was merrily copying from his wrist watch loaded with answers to all important questions. The invigilator grew suspicious when Sachin was checking out his wrist watch very often. He asked the student to show him the watch, and to his shock, some of the answers to the questions flashed on the tiny screen.The invigilator immediately sent him away from the exam hall. Sachin was booked for malpractice and barred from writing further exams. AVV College principal G Meeneshwar Rao and observer of the examinations Santosh Kumar said they were shocked by the new method of copying. \"It had a touch screen with 8 GB storage capacity,\" college officials said. But it's a mystery as to how Sachin uploaded the answers into the wrist watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12620808", "title": "The great Bengali debate", "text": "KOLKATA: The argumentative Bengali can raise a storm in a teacup just by the aid of his wit and the debate organised by Techno India's hospital management department in association with The Times of India was no different. Actor June Malia who graced the occasion as the chief guest inaugurated the debate, a part of the annual seminar of the department. Steered by Dr Indrajit Roy, the sheriff of Kolkata and moderator of the debate, the motion for the day was 'Bengalis are no good anymore.'Dr Ramaditya Ray, coordinator, hospital projects and mentor, BHM department, Techno India, delivered the welcome address which was followed by the launch of an e-magazine. Speaking for the motion were Dr Kunal Sarkar, Dr Kaushik Ghosh and writer Bithi Chatterjee and those against the motion were lawyer Samrat Sen, actor and director Sudeshna Roy and singer Rupam Islam.Writer Bithi Chatterjee opened the debate by talking about how the cultural supremacy of Bengalis has had no tangible effect on the common man. \"The visionaries dreamed of bringing about a change but it is materialism and consumerism which have become the focal point of our existence now,\" said Bithi.Lawyer Sen regaled the audience with his humourous take on how Bengalis have become better. \"Bengalis are no good in having bandhs anymore, not a single Bengali features in the top ten list of fraudsters and water is so abundant here that we wash our terraces with hosepipes,\" observed Sen.Dr Sarkar outlined education, industrialisation, housing, employment and finance as important areas of development. \"From the 1900s, Bengal has been confused with the basic principles of life. 30 years of no English has produced a linguistically maimed population,\" commented Sarkar.Roy observed that it was criticism and cynicism that had kept the Bengali spirit going, \"I have been hearing that Calcutta is dying for a long time but Bengalis have progressed in spite of being no good.\"Dr Ghosh advocated for Bengalis to become 'cutting edge' while Rupam Islam closed the discussions by reiterating that Bengalis have always been good. Ultimately, the motion stood defeated by a large majority of the house.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12616496", "title": "Pune varsity seeks Rs 359 cr from University Grants Commission", "text": "PUNE: An integrated MTech-PhD course in pharmacy; post-Std XII five-year integrated MSc and MA courses and an MTech course in stem cells and nanotechnology are among the new academic programmes proposed by the University of Pune (UoP) under the 12th Five Year Plan of the University Grants Commission (UGC).Apart from these new courses, a major thrust of the activities for the 12th Plan (2012-2017) will be on commissioning research projects in social studies and pure sciences and on creation of new infrastructure facilities on the varsity's 411-acre campus.On Tuesday, the UoP authorities handed over a Rs 359.54-crore proposal to the UGC higher ups in New Delhi for grants under the 12th Plan. \"The proposal was approved last week by the university's management council,\" director of UoP's board of college and university development (BCUD) Wasudev Gade told TOI.While it is unlikely that the UoP's proposal will be cleared in toto by the UGC, the authorities are expecting approval to grants upwards of Rs 150 crore. This is expected to provide a major boost to the varsity's development programmes.Gade said, \"The UoP had received Rs 17.50 crore funds under the UGC's 11th Five Year Plan (2007-12). However, we also managed to bring substantial funds from other routes, including the UGC's Universities with Potential for Excellence scheme.\"\"Under the 12th Plan, we (UoP) are already eligible for close to Rs 100 crore grants from the UGC, but we are hopeful of getting even more on account of the innovative academic courses proposed during the next five years,\" he said.Over the next four to six months, the UGC will call representatives of various universities including the UoP for making a detailed presentation on their plans following which the grants are to be sanctioned, Gade added.He said, \"We have proposed Rs 50 crore for research projects in areas like social studies, mainly related to study of democracy and poverty; mathematics and science including study of micro-organisms for therapeutic applications; materials study in physics and chemistry, among others.\" On the teaching side, an MSc course in medicinal chemistry and in materials has also been proposed, he added.\"A substantial provision of Rs 11 crore each has been proposed for new teaching posts and scientist fellowships considering our focus on research,\" he added.On the infrastructure side, Gade said that the proposal envisages a convention centre, a sports complex and new buildings for on-campus post-graduate departments, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12618334", "title": "Committee to prepare detailed report on biodiversity", "text": "PUNE: The draft budget has proposed that a committee be set up to prepare a comprehensive report on the city's biodiversity. Rs 15 lakh has been allocated for the constitution of the committee. \"This committee will prepare the report on city's rich biodiversity and also make suggestions for its conservation,\" standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere said.'This committee will function on the lines of the state biodiversity board recommended by the Biological Diversity Act 2002 to help protect hill tops and hill slopes in the city.The draft budget has also proposed to offer Rs 1,000 per year to students from classes 6 to 10 who cycle to school over a distance of at least 2 km. Rs 1 crore has been allocated for 25 new gardens in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12616078", "title": "Tighten norms for BEST bus drivers: Netas", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the mishap at Kalanagar junction in which a BEST double-decker bus overturned, killing a biker, legislators on Tuesday demanded stricter guidelines for the undertaking's drivers.Claiming that 42 people lost their lives in BEST bus accidents in the last one year, Ramesh Shendge, a member nominated by the NCP, sought a probe into all the mishaps involving the undertaking's buses in the same period. He has also sought details of compensation offered. \"BEST drivers frequently violate traffic rules,\" he alleged.The BEST claims the number of fatal accidents involving its buses came down last year due to disciplinary action against erring drivers. A communication issued by BEST on Tuesday says the number of fatalities involving its buses in 2011-12 was 26 as against 49 in 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12618875", "title": "No cuts, but use water judiciously, says Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation", "text": "MUMBAI: Last week, a new climate model being developed under the government's ambitious Monsoon Mission Project predicted above-average rainfall for the season. While it spells good news overall, Mumbai has some reason to look forward to it - as of now, the water stock available for supply is likely to last for 91 days, till July 10.According to civic officials, the useful content available this year is less than what was available last year. On Tuesday morning , the six lakes that supply water to the city had a total useful content of 3,81,054 million litres. Last year at the time, the content available was 4,66,762 million litres. \"We have made provisions for supplying water without hassles until July 10. But until then, the monsoon will have come so there should not be a problem. As of now, there is no question of imposing a water cut, but people should use it judiciously,\" said an official from the hydraulic department.Although the stock is less this year compared to the last year, officials are not unduly worried. \"There was a bountiful monsoon in 2010 with the rains continuing until the first week of November. This helped increase the water stock in the lakes,\" said an official. \"Moreover , from October last year, we have been supplying an additional 80 million litres per day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-11"}
