{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622287", "title": "'Our Naqi can't be a terrorist'", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of Naqi Ahmed said they had gone to the Mazagaon court on Monday with all the necessary documents to get him bail in the forgery case he was arrested in. However, to their dismay, the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) announced that it had now arrested Naqi in the 13/7 blasts case.\"We had collected the documents and surety papers and were carrying some cash too,\" said a relative. \"However, our dreams were shattered when we heard in the courtroom that Naqi had been booked in the 13/7 blasts case.\" Another reklative said, \"Our Naqi cannot be a terrorist.\"The ATS is alleging that Naqi knew of Indian Mujahideen (IM) leader Yasin Bhatkal's activities and arranged for his accommodation in Mumbai. \"Naqi was given money by the IM leader. He had complete knowledge of the 13/7 plan,\" said the ATS.Naqi's family said he hails from Darbhanga, Bihar, but shuttled between Delhi and Mumbai since his brothers had leather bag-manufacturing units in both cities. Naqi was studying commerce at Maulana Azad Open University at the time of his arrest.\"One agency is saying he was helping the police, the other says he helped the bombers. Whom should we trust?\" asked a relative. \"Naqi was in Mumbai along with the Delhi police and an Intelligence Bureau (IB) team. He was given a clean chit by those police. Should we presume that the Delhi police don't know how to investigate or that the 22-year-old managed to dodge even IB? Is this young man so intelligent?\" another relative asked. Burqa-clad women from Naqi's family were also seen in court. Naqi's family said they are waiting for his parents to arrive from Bihar and will then decide the next course of action.ATS chief Rakesh Maria said Naqi's parents were not aware of his \"activities\". \"Naqi was close to Bhatkal and was indoctrinated by him in Bihar. We have got evidence to prove his involvement in this case,\" said Maria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622310", "title": "HC refuses to stall release of 5 on bail", "text": "MUMBAI: Merely because the injured is a doctor or medical officer, the accused cannot be treated differently, the Bombay high court said on Tuesday while directing the release of five persons on bail.They allegedly beat up the doctor and ransacked Wockhardt Hospital in Nashik after a patient turned critical.Justice J H Bhatia was hearing the hospital's application for cancellation of bail by the sessions court to Babanrao Tile and four others. Tile's wife Pushpa was referred by an ESIC hospital in Nashik to Wockhardt for balloon mitral valvuloplasty (a minimally invasive procedure done to fix a heart valve). Dr Sunil Sonawane had taken the relatives' consent and informed them of the high risk in performing the procedure. But during the procedure, she did not respond and was shifted to the intensive care unit.When the doctor called Tile to discuss further treatment, the five allegedly assaulted him and dragged him into a car. But the cops stopped them and took them to the police station. Pushpa subsequently died.Wockhard's advocate Subodh Desai said their bail must be cancelled as their acts were intended to cause death. Justice Bhatia said after perusal of medical records and CCTV footage that it was impossible to make that conclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11624143", "title": "Army chief's age row: Haryana ex-servicemen plan protest at Jantar Mantar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Intensifying harden its support for chief of army staff, Gen V K Singh, the Rajput Pratinidhi Sabha and office bearers of ex-servicemen organizations from across the state on Tuesday threatened an agitation at Jantar Mantar on March 2 to press their demand for correction of the age of army chief.In a meeting held at Bapora, native village of the army chief, in Bhiwani district, the delegates, headed by Col (retd) Gajraj Singh, termed the government's stand as a move to bog down Gen Singh, who dared to recommend court martial against errant officers, after playing an important role in exposing various scams.\"We shall press the demand that government must consider Gen's date of birth as May 10, 1951. This is shocking that he had been given 8 promotions on the basis of this date of birth and now, just to retire him, the date of birth is being considered as May 10, 1951. Since various defense deals worth several thousand crores of rupees are lined up, some vested interests want him to go,'' Gajraj Singh told reporters after the meeting, sources said.\"We shall await the government's response. Else, thousands of ex-servicemen as well as those who support Gen Singh shall stage a dharna at New Delhi's Jantar Mantar,\" added Gajraj Singh.Those who attended the meeting included Col (retd) Mahavir Singh, R P Singh, Col (retd) Veer Singh, Capt (retd) Suresh Tanwar, Kanwar Parveen Singh Tanwar and office bearers of various ex-servicemen associations and NGOs across Haryana.Rajput Pratinidhi Sabha was the first to react soon after Gen Singh challenged the move to retire him on the basis of date of birth as May 10,1950.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626208", "title": "Raj Chakrabarty shoots for \u2018Kanamachi\u2019", "text": "Raj Chakrabarty has already started shooting for his \"Kanamachi\" with Srabanti, Abir Chatterjee, Ankush and Sayoni.The film is a political thriller and deals with the socio-economic problems of the society.Abir, who is working with the director for the second time, says, \"This is my first film with him. My first day of the shoot was all about maardhor-uttejona-chachamechi.\" Abir plays Abhimanyu here. \"Abhimanyu is involved with student politics. We shot a scene where he is being chased by a rival and he rushes into a media house where Srabanti, Ankush, Sayoni work. Abhimanyu is of the opinion that fresh faces are required in politics.\"Equally excited is Ankush to play a photo-journalist's role in this film. \"Incidentally, I am called Abir here. I had taken pictures of a bank robbery and handed them over to the cops. When he enters office, he sees that the particular incident is on air and his colleagues are applauding.\" As for Srabanti, she says, \"I play Noyona a political reporter. I am glad that this time around, I have a performance-oriented role.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11622717", "title": "Writer Mamata plays the host, 3 books released", "text": "KOLKATA: It was author Mamata Banerjee who took centrestage at the inauguration of the 36th Kolkata International Book Fair. Setting aside her political garb, the chief minister slipped into the role of a writer-thinker and played the gracious host at the programme.Gone was the aggressive tenor and her vicious attacks on adversaries. Instead, she held forth on writers, poets and books, in consistence with the mood of the fair. Barring an oblique reference to the Left Front's attempt to take over the fair back in the '80s, Mamata steered clear of politics. She also released several books while three authored by her, including her first memoirs in English, were inaugurated at the programme. The Kolkata Literary Meet ( KLM) - which will see several leading authors visiting the fair - was also inaugurated by Mamata.\"Writers and poets are a thinking lot. We are a bit temperamental and prefer the pen to the computer. Writing with a pen gives you a satisfaction that a computer can't. For, we often tend to write in fits and starts. For instance, I scribble down a line whenever something comes to my mind. It could be while I am taking a bath,\" she remarked.Referring to a comment by author Sanjib Chattopadhyay, she said \"books, wives and wisdom\" should never be shared, for they seldom return. \"They are misused once you let them go. This fair makes us realize the importance of books yet again. They light up our conscience and are like internal museums where treasures are stored. It's not quite the same when you visit a bookstore and pick up a book. The book fair is a celebration of culture and literature,\" she said, urging everyone to ignore the minor faults that they might come across.\"Let us work like a family and make this fair a memorable one. I am sure you will find 99% of the things to be positive here,\" she said.Italian author Beppe Severgnini, the chief guest at the programme, spoke on the similarities between India and Italy. \"I come from a country which starts with an 'I' and came into its own in the mid-1940s. A country that has a north and a south where family matters much like in yours. A country which has a rich past where flyovers are now coming up. Like you, we, too, have exported a lot of people to other countries. We have these links which bind us together. But Italy is not the best country in Europe. Similarities are not enough. Neither is a cultural set-up sufficient to ensure that you keep growing. You need infrastructure, finances and self-discipline. Italy has the talent. We are good at dealing with people, which is an asset,\" Severgnini said.Author Sanjib Chattopadhyay described the fair as a happy confluence of book-lovers, authors and publishers. \"This is the annual ritual of celebrating our culture and literature and we don't want to miss out on it. Just as our lives will never free of our wives (bou), boi (books), too, will continue to be an integral part. Hopefully, the fair will keep getting better,\" said Chattopadhyay.Three of Mamata's books - 'Paribartan', 'An Unforgettable Life' and a book of her poems were released. Flanked by Chattopadhyay, painters Suvaprasanna and Jogen Chaudhuri, the chief minister saw them being uncovered. Even though she refrained from commenting on her books, portions from a chapter of her memoirs were read out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "11623563", "title": "Mahabir jumps to London with two medals", "text": "GND STADIUM: Two medals at the second Kuwait International Open Athletic Meet assured Mahabir Singh a berth at the Paralympic Games-2012, London. Mahabir, who had lost his right arm 10 years ago, bagged a gold in triple jump and a silver medal in long jump.Parathletes from 24 countries had participated in the meet which concluded on January 21.Mahabir, 19, said it was a great moment to have defeated his international competitors to clinch the two medals. He has been training for last four years in Ludhiana under coach S S Pannu. \"I had lost all hope when my right arm was cut in a fodder cutter. But, then someone suggested to try my luck in sports and I feel it was worthy advise,'' said Mahabir. Once on field, he realized he is good at jumps and concentrated on triple and long jump. Soon, medals started raining at state and national level para athletic meets. \"Now when I have qualified for London paralympics, I would give it my best shot to win medals for the country,'' said Mahabir.He said he had to spend Rs 70,000 for his participation in Kuwait as he did not receive any support from sports authorities. \"It is very tough for me to arrange money for my exposure. State sports authorities or the government should promote us too,'' Mahabir added.He said the government must provide them job security as well. Mahabir practises four hours every day at Guru Nanak Dev Stadium.His coach S S Pannu said, \"I realized his potential quite soon and knew that he would perform well in his events.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626330", "title": "Nokia Lumia 710 smartphone gets a price cut", "text": "Barely a month after its launch, Nokia's Windows Phone 7-powered Lumia 710 has received a price cut of roughly 20 per cent, making it the cheapest Windows Phone 7.5 handset currently available.Though, Nokia has not officially confirmed the price drop, but several online retailers are selling the phone at a considerable reduced pricing.The company in December last year had launched the much-delayed Windows Phone 7.5 powered handsets, Lumia 800 and Lumia 710, with much fanfare. However, shortly after the launch, Nokia admitted that some units of its flagship model -- Lumia 800 -- suffers from a software bug which is preventing the battery of Lumia 800 from charging to full capacity.According to several reports on the web, Lumia 710 is currently priced around Rs 15,490 on websites like Flipkart and Letsbuy. Online retailer Saholic is selling the smartphone at a further low of Rs 14,899.Nokia had launched Lumia 710 at Rs 18,999, while Lumia 810 launch price was Rs 29,999 approximately.Sporting a 3.7-inch capacitive touchscreen with a 480 x 800 pixel resolution , Lumia 710 comes with 5 megapixel AF camera with LED flash and 720p video recording.Other key features include 3G, EDGE/GPRS, Wi-Fi, GPS with A-GPS, Bluetooth with A2DP + EDR, USB 2.0 and FM radio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11624267", "title": "Soon, parking meters at 51 city locations", "text": "CHENNAI: Parking will go hitech in the city, with electronic systems to be installed on nine streets across Chennai by the end of this week.The Chennai corporation is partnering with private company Smart Parking India for the project. Electronic parking meters will be installed on 2nd Avenue and 3rd Avenue, Anna Nagar, along the Anna Nagar Roundtana and in Shanthi Colony. Purusaiwalkam Tank, the service road along Sardar Patel Road in Adyar, General Patters Road, Whites Road and Pondy Bazaar will also get meters.\"We will ultimately cover 51 streets across the city,\" said Smart Parking India business development head T Thiruganasambandham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "11626332", "title": "Israel's settlement activities undermine peace efforts: India", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: India today said Israel's settlement activities in the Palestinian territories undermine efforts by the international community to resolve the conflict between the two sides and asked Tel Aviv to halt its construction to reach a peace deal.Participating in an open debate at the UN Security Council on situation in the Middle East, India's permanent representative to the UN Hardeep Singh Puri said the increasing trend of settlement activities in the Palestinian lands is not compatible with the two-state solution.The Quartet, comprising envoys of US, EU, UN and Russia , is leading efforts to bring the two sides to the negotiating table and has set a deadline of 2012 end to reach an agreement on the final status issues.\"For the Quartet's timeframe for reaching an agreement by the end of the year to be realised, it is necessary for Israel to completely stop settlement activities\" in the occupied territories, he said.Puri noted that the settlement activities are not only illegal under international law but also \"undermine efforts of the international community\" to resolve the conflict on the basis of the two-state solution.Puri expressed concern that settlement activities have exacerbated the humanitarian problems of the Palestinian people in the West Bank and East Jerusalem . People in the area have been deprived of access to natural resources and prevented from undertaking economic, social and cultural activities.\"Settlement activities have also led to violence and aggravated social tension between settlers and the Palestinian population. We, therefore, reiterate our call for Israel to stop all settlement activities,\" Puri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11629236", "title": "Salman Rushdie is poor, substandard writer: Justice Katju", "text": "NEW DELHI: Salman Rushdie is a \"poor\" and \"substandard writer\" who would have remained largely unknown but for his controversial book 'Satanic Verses', according to Markandey Katju, till recently a judge of the Supreme Court.Katju, who is now the Chairman of Press Council of India, criticised the admirers of India-born author based in Britain, saying they suffered from \"colonial inferiority complex\" that a writer living abroad has to be great.\"Salman Rushdie dominated the Jaipur Literature Festival. I do not wish to get into the controversy whether banning him was correct or not. I am raising a much more fundamental issue,\" he said in a statement here.\"I have read some of Rushdie's works and am of the opinion that he is a poor writer, and but for 'Satanic Verses' would have remained largely unknown. Even 'Midnight's Children' is hardly great literature,\" Katju contended.He went on to add that the \"whole problem with the so-called educated Indians of today is that they still suffer from the colonial inferiority complex. So whoever lives in London and New York must be a great writer, while writers living in India are inferior.\"On the controversy surrounding Rushdie during the festival which ended yesterday, he said, \"I am not in favour of religious obscurantism. But neither do I wish to elevate a sub-standard writer into a hero.\"Referring to the Jaipur festival, Katju said one would have expected \"serious discussion on literature, particularly indigenous literature\" of the likes of Kabir, Premchand, Sharat Chandra, Manto, Ghalib, Faiz, Kazi Nazrul Islam and Subramania Bharti.\"Kabir and Tulsidas are no good because they lived on the ghats of Benaras, whereas Rushdie is great because he lives on the ghats of the Thames! This is the mental level of our 'intellectuals and 'literati',\" the former SC judge said.Katju maintained that the whole history of the great Indian literature, rich in its variety, from Valmiki and Vyas to modern times should have been discussed.There could also have been a discussion on foreign writers like Dickens, Shaw, Victor Hugo, Balzac, Flaubert, Upton Sinclair, Dostoevsky, Tolstoy, Gorki and Pablo Neruda, he said.\"Instead the total focus at Jaipur appeared to be Rushdie. Two personalities linked with films were projected as 'the finest poets' in India, though to my mind their work is of a very inferior order. This is the low level to which the Jaipur Festival sank,\" Katju contended.He said India is facing massive socio-economic problems today and literature should address these. \"The struggle which Kabir waged against narrow sectarianism, which Sharat Chandra waged against the caste system and women's oppression, which Faiz waged against despotism, which Subramania Bharti waged for nationalism and women's emancipation, which Dickens and Gorki waged against exploitation and social injustice - these are the matters which should have been discussed at Jaipur. Instead, Rushdie dominated most of the show,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11623862", "title": "After endosulfan, people fear DNA mutation now", "text": "KOCHI: A new study on endosulfan has shown that the prevalence of health problems in general had noticeably come down to as low as 0.38% for females in the 15-30 year age group in Cheemeni in Kasargod, but chances of these symptoms manifesting through DNA mutations in the offspring persist.The findings are part of a study conducted by the Asian Journal of Epidemiology titled 'An Epidemiological Study on the Health Effects of Endosulfan Spraying on Cashew Plantations in Kasargod District, Kerala'.The report was prepared by Asha Embrandiri, Rajeev P Singh, Hakimi M Ibrahim and Anisa B Khan, department of environmental sciences, Pondicherry university.The survey was conducted from December 2008 to March 2009 in five panchayats surrounding three of the Plantation Corporation of Kerala (PCK) cashew farms in Kasargod namely Enmakaje, Kumbadaje, Cheemeni, Pullur-Periya and Muliyar.Seven years after PCK banned the use of endosulfan, researchers visited some affected regions to ascertain the result.Around thousand respondents were selected randomly for a survey in which it was found that 0-30 age-group recorded the highest cases of mental retardation (74.5% male and 74.1% female). Also in the 0-14 age-group 46% males and 42.5% females had congenital anomalies whereas in the 15-30 age group, the figures were 30.4% for males and 31.7% for females.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11624037", "title": "Kuber ladoo that auctioned for Rs 6.62 lakh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Auctioned for education of children in tribal belts of Orissa, a ladoo fetched a whopping bid of Rs 6.62 lakh. Believe it or ask those members of non government organizations(NGO) who attended this auction of Kuber Ladoo, organized by Bhiwani unit of Vanwasi Kalyan Ashram, at MC colony of Bhiwani, on Monday evening.Kishan Kumar Bindal, a trader who is also an office bearer of a NGO in Hisar was person who made this highest bid for this 201 kilogramme Kuber Ladoo made of bondi and motichoor by 50 inmates of the Ashram. He was among 340 prospective bidders who gave bid for this which began for Rs 1. Last year this ladoo was auctioned for Rs 5.70 lakh.Auction is just an event for the assembly of office bearers and workers of various NGOs across the country who are working for the uplifting of poor and tribal. Proceeds of this auction shall be utilized for upbringing and education of children in tribal belts of Orrisa, '' Bharat Bhushan Jain, the coordinator of Bhiwani unit of Vanvasi Kalyan Ashram, the organizers said.This concept of auctioning the Kuber Ladoo began in the year when we sold this off for Rs 3.26 lakh.After that we made this an annual feature, added Jain.And more interestingly, Bindal who gave the highest bid could just the Ladoo as he announced to distribute the same among those present on the occasion as Prasad of lord Kuber ( the god of wealth) in Bhiwani. Our main aim is to serve the humanity. This was yet another way of giving our contribution,'' Bindal told reporters after the auction.Like this ladoo, the auction is also an extraordinary affair. The first bid is done by youngest of the tribal children from Nagaland living in Bhiwani Ashram. Then the auction goes on to the eldest one sitting on the venue. And, as per rule, the highest bid amount is paid as per terms and condition and the same is sent to head office at Orissa.Most of those who participate in the auction are from the families of traders or industrialists. Since people here are more into charity works hence the auction is touching a new high year after year. Now, the organization expects to take this new high, Raj Kumar Singh, the president of the Bhiwani chaptor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11623051", "title": "Bhanwari case: One more accused refuses to record statement", "text": "JODHPUR: Yet another member of Bishnaram Bishnoi's gang, Ashok Bishnoi, refused to record his statements before a magistrate on Tuesday. He is the second accused who refused to do so. Earlier, Omprakash Bishnoi, another gang member, too had refused to record his statements.\"He was taken to the court with a view to record his statements before the magistrate but he declined to do so, after which the CBI court remanded him in judicial custody,\" said CBI counsel, S S Yadav. He was supposed to be in CBI custody till January 25 but was produced in the court a day ahead of the date.The CBI will be recording the statements of a few more witnesses under Section 164 of CrPC on Wednesday. With these new witnesses, the agency is looking forward to strengthen the case by focusing on conspiracy.CBI has arrested all the four members of Bishnaram gang, of which Bishnaram and Kailash Jakhar had already recorded their statements reportedly admitting the disposal of the body of Bhanwari Devi in Jaloda area. Their statements have further been cemented by the statements of Pukhraj Dudi (a friend of Jakhar), Ram Niwas Bishnoi (a cousin of Bishnaram) and Shyam Lal Paliwal, from whom Omprakash had taken the woods for burning the corpus.Now, with the CBI likely to file the chargesheet by the end of this month, the focus is on the arrest of Indra Bishnoi, her close friend and neighbour Reshma Ram and son and nephew of Sohan Lal Bishnoi, Pukhraj and Dinesh, who are said to have full knowledge of the conspiracy and allegedly received the money from Sahiram Bishnoi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11615776", "title": "Aamir Khan\u2019s set gutted", "text": "A fire on Monday evening fire destoryed the sets of Aamir Khan's TV show.The show, which was being shot at Vrindavan sets near Madh island, had a live audience of around 25 people when the tragedy happened.A source reveals, \"They were shooting the final segment when the incident happened. Fortunately, there was a fire drill expert who got everyone out before anyone could be harmed.\" Officers from the fire department have asked the production team to stay away from the sets until they are given clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11623483", "title": "Visiting the past glory", "text": "LUDHIANA: Kids from Maple Bear Canadian Playway and Nursery School, Udham Singh Nagar, visited the War Museum on Tuesday.They came dressed as Dr B R Ambedkar, Bapu Gandhi, Chacha Nehru , Indira Gandhi , Lal Bahadur Shastri and soldiers from Army, Navy and Air Force waving Indian flags. It was a memorable day for the tiny tots who will cherish this visit for a long time. Veena Aggarwal, principal, said such educational tours are necessary for the kids as this inspires them to do something for the country. The kids marveled at the huge statue of Maharaja Ranjit Singh sitting proud and magnificent on a throne. They also saw anti-aircraft gun, car scout and an old Sukhoi fighter aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11623493", "title": "Knowledge on climate change essential for effective farming", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"Climate Change has a profound effect on irrigated agriculture due to floods, drought and rise in temperature. Therefore, knowledge about the effects of climate change needs to be updated to work out mitigation strategies,\" said Ashwani Kumar, director, Directorate of Water Management (DWM), Bhubaneshwar, in his inaugural address.He was speaking at a two-day training on 'Stakeholders Consultation on Climate Change Platform' organised by the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) in association with Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), New Delhi, on January 23 and 24. About 25 persons including farmers and representatives of NGOs took part in the meet.\"Fifty years ago, Punjab was predominated by dry land agriculture but later the scenario changed with extensive cultivation of pulse crops. Now there is hardly any cultivation of pulses in the state. New climate change mitigation models need to be developed and field tested, so that farmers can see and believe,\" Ashwani Kumar said.\"In addition, the biggest challenge is the strengthening of ground water needs which act as a shock absorber for the effects of climate change. The 12{+t}{+h} Five Year Plan under the National Initiative on Climate Resilient Agriculture (NICRA) project has requested all networking centres to identify thrust areas. At present the NICRA project to address the impact of climate change on ground water resources is operational in Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan and Junagadh,\" he said.P Murugesa Boopathi, vice-chancellor, TNAU, in his presidential address said climate change is being discussed in different platforms with or without sufficient understanding. Intensive agriculture that has evolved over the years to feed the growing population is one of the reasons for climate change. As part of the climate change mitigation efforts, TNAU is implementing the Clima Rice project funded by the Norwegian government.The University is advocating SRI (System of Rice Intensification) for rice cultivation which enables reduction of methane (one of the greenhouse gases) emissions by following alternate wetting and drying method of irrigation. He also stressed the need to substitute fossil fuels with bio-fuels in order to reduce carbon dioxide emissions.K Palaniswami, director, International Water Management Institute (IWMI), Hyderabad, in his remarks highlighted important issues that have to be addressed as part of climate change mitigation strategies: He said climate change factors must be identified and measures to address vulnerability in sensitive areas must be worked out.The strategic research involves 21 institutes and is being carried out to enhance resilience of agricultural production. DWM in its activity emphasizes on the water harvesting potential, development of models to assess ground water recharge, and to enhance water productivity through multiple uses of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622066", "title": "New Jersey woman found dead in hotel", "text": "MUMBAI: A US citizen from New Jersey on Monday died on the premises of suburban hotel after she suffered a cardiac arrest minutes after she and her husband completed the check-out formalities. The deceased along with her husband had come to Mumbai to make arrangements for their son's marriage in India.The Sahar police said the deceased, Elan Patrancosta 64), and her husband Salvotor Marco Patrancosta (64) were slated to take a Continental Airlines flight at 11.40pm to fly back to New Jersey. Around 8.15pm, the couple had checked out after settling the bills when Elan complained of chest pain. \"She suffered a paralytic attack and died before the hotel staff could rush her to a hospital. The couple's son, who is in New Jersey, has been informed,\" said ACP (airport division) C K Chavan.The couple was returning to their country after meeting the Indian bride in AhmednagarA case of accidental death report has been registered.The deceased's husband is waiting in Mumbai to complete the post-mortem procedures and other paperwork to fly back to US to carry out the final rites of his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11623558", "title": "\u2018Every single vote does matter in nation building\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: Scams, corruption, lack of development...if you are in UP such issues will always dominate your mindscape. And then there is usual ranting: 'What have the politicians done', 'development is a far cry', 'all parties have their set of scams'...But when the same set of people are asked: 'what have you done to stop this?' half of them have nowhere to look for an answer.Reason: More than half of them don't go to vote to elect the government of their choice.A declining turnout- from 60% in 1999 to 49% in 2009 general elections - is a worrisome aspect of UP elections. As a result the public representatives are elected with the support of less than even 20% of the total electorate. Keeping this in mind, the Election Commission of India is trying hard to bring voters to the polling booth. With the National Voters'Day falling on January 25, the past one week has been exceptionally busy on this count.On Tuesday, the Bara Banki district administration was out on streets. The officials and police were to manage over 65,000 people who formed a 52.5 km-long human chain to stress the cause of voters awareness.\"The first person stood at Mohamadpur police station along the Lucknow-Bara Banki border while the last man stood near the Kalyani river of Ram Sanehi Ghat that shares borders with the neighbouring Faizabad district,\" said Vikas Gothalwal, district magistrate, Bara Banki. Police constables also took out a motor-cycle rally to distribute handbills talking about the importance of voting. CEO, UP Umesh Sinha also participated in the event.Besides, the two events organised by the Bulandshahr administration also caught the attention. The first one - making of a huge rangoli spanning across an area of 1.90 lakh square feet - took place on January 16 while the second one -- matdeep or deep daan ceremony for the cause of voter awareness - was held on January 23.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11624253", "title": "Railway burglars steal Rs 60 lakh in a week", "text": "CHENNAI: A hunt is on for burglars who stole gold jewellery and cash worth Rs 60 lakh from three people in separate incidents aboard three Chennai-bound trains in less than a week. Special teams are on the trail of the accused.Four days ago, Keralabased jeweller M George was travelling to Chennai in a second class air-conditioned coach of Alleppey Express and had placed Rs 27 lakh worth of gold jewels and some cash in a bag under his pillow. Just as the train crossed Ambattur station, he went to the bathroom. He found the valuables missing when he got down at Chennai Central.A day later, city-based Bharatanatyam artist Padmini was returning home by Bangalore Mail. En route, she went to the bathroom in the first class compartment after leaving her coupe door open. When she returned, she found 53 sovereigns of gold jewels and cash missing.On Tuesday morning, jeweller Rupa Chand (name changed ) was returning from Kadapa in Andhra Pradesh by the Mumbai Mailwhen hefound goldjewels andcashworthRs 23 lakh missing.The valuables had been placed in a bag beneath a pillow. He went to the bathroom when the train crossed Ambattur at 3.30 am and returned in five minutes, helater told police.Thetravelling ticketexaminer told policethat two people who got into Rupa Chand's second class coach at Renigunta railway station were missing when a check was carried out in the compartment. The duo, who apparently boarded the train at Kadapa, approached the TTE for berthsin the second class coach in Kadapa and were promised the berths at Renigunta.A team of police personnel accompanied by the jeweller have left for Kadapa and Renigunta to get the CCTV camera footage recorded at those stations.Police have blamed the victims' \"careless\" attitude.ADGP Sekar said, \"passengersshouldtake care of their belongings while travelling and should take all precautions. Many passengers tie their baggage with a long chain fastened to the seat.Anyonetravelling with valuablescan bring a friendor a personalbodyguard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "11622510", "title": "Fans of Chiranjeevi, Balakrishna clash in Tirupati", "text": "TIRUPATI: The war of words between Chiranjeevi and Balakrishna spilled on to the streets of the temple town on Tuesday with fans and followers of both stars clashing with each other. As tempers ran high and the fans shouted against each other, police intervened and lathicharged them at Nalugu Kalla mandapam area late in the afternoon.Trouble started when fans of both actors assembled at the Gandhi road junction with effigies of their stars. Both tried to set the effigies on fire but the cops prevented them.They asked the fans not to lose calm and dispersed them. After some time, they assembled again and tried to burn the effigies. Members of both fan clubs traded charges and counter-charges and claimed their leader was a true star.Angry fans of Chiranjeevi said Balakrishna had no right to criticize the former PRP president, while followers of Balakrishna berated Chiranjeevi for passing barbs at their star hero. Police were present in large numbers to prevent any untoward incident. Chiranjeevi and Balakrishna fans burnt effigies and exchanged blows in Nellore and Guntur, too. Police chased away clashing fans in Nellore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626686", "title": "Sarath and Nasser work with Rajini", "text": "Looks like director Soundarya Rajinikanth is busy locking the cast and crew of her forthcoming motion capture flick, Kochadaiyaan so that she can go on floors soon.After Shobana, the latest to join the project are Sarath Kumar and Nasser. Soundarya confirms, \"Work is picking up pace and we've roped in Sarath Kumar and Nasser sir. We've started planning our schedule now and will commence shooting soon.\"While Nasser was last seen in a prominent role with Rajinikanth in Chandramukhi, this is the first time that the Superstar and Supreme Star will be sharing screenspace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622974", "title": "State to set up five restaurants for vultures", "text": "NAGPUR: In a move to revive the dwindling population of vultures, the wildlife wing of the forest department has decided to set up five vulture restaurants in Maharashtra.\"We have chalked out a plan to conserve not only vultures but turtles too,\" said SK Khetarpal, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) for wildlife, on Tuesday.Khetarpal said these restaurants will be located in Thane, Nagpur, Nashik, Raigad and Gadchiroli districts. Out of the five restaurants, three are in processing stage. \"We have also released funds worth Rs8-10 lakh for vulture conservation programme,\" he stressed.In India, there are hardly four vulture restaurants - three in Punjab and another that was to be opened in Phansad in Maharashtra.Dr Ajay Poharkar, raptor scientist and secretary of National Association for Welfare of Animals and Research (NAWAR), is already running a vulture restaurant in Nimgaon in Dhanora tehsil in Gadchiroli.Khetarpal said the plan includes wide publicity, monitoring and habitat survey. As food shortage is one of the reasons for vultures' decline, these scavengers will be fed by serving carcasses of cattle through restaurants.The forest department will sign an MoU with an NGO for vulture research. On the issue of vulture population being revived, SK Khetarpal, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) for wildlife said he was not sure but said he has been told that vulture numbers have gone up in Pench.Funds have also been sanctioned for vulture research in Pune, he informed.A Ashraf, field director for Pench Tiger Reserve, confirmed that vulture population in Pench is going up. \"In April last, we noticed four vulture nests, a few found in new places. It indicates that Pench is a good habitat for the rare birds,\" he said.Official sources claimed Pench has 22 white-backed, 12 long-billed and 3 king vultures. The fact has also been endorsed by wildlife buffs Vineet Arora and Kundan Hate. Arora claimed in December last he sighted two king vultures and a flock of other vulture species on a tree top. He also showed pictures as evidence.Vultures in India started dying two decades ago after a painkiller called diclofenac used to treat sick farm animals became popular in the region. However, Dr Poharkar, doing pioneering work since 2003 to save vultures in Gadchiroli, doesn't agree. He says in Gadchiroli vultures have died due to malaria.He considers vulture presence in Pench, but doubts that their numbers are going up. \"It may also be migratory population because vultures have a vast range and the birds even fly 300km for food,\" said Dr Poharkar.\"In Gadchiroli, we counted 45 vultures in 2011. However, their number is now 27, a decline by 16. These birds had died last year due to poisoning,\" said Dr Poharkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614889", "title": "Sonakshi\u2019s one tough cookie!", "text": "After getting stuck in Dalhousie, Himachal, Sonakshi agreed to head to Kolkata.Sonakshi seems to be in perfect shape off late. Looks like its just not the gym sessions but also her extensive traveling.The actress is currently shooting for 'Lootera' with alleged beau Ranveer Singh.We are told the actress is one tough cookie. In spite of traveling all the way to Dalhousie, Himachal Pradesh where she got stranded for two days owing to extreme snowfall, it didn't break her spirit.Our source revealed, \"Sonakshi got stuck for two days in snow when she was shooting near Dalhousie. The film needed Bengali setting for a few scenes and songs and it was an impromptu decision to head to Kolkata, West Bengal soon after. The producers and director felt that they needed some authentic Bengali outdoors for the movie. Sonakshi didn't bat an eyelid and agreed to travel again, hoping the weather won't play spoil sport.\"Happy travelling Sonakshi!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11623171", "title": "Residents of Indira Nagar draw up charter for ward", "text": "NASHIK: Residents of the predominantly middle-class locality of prabhag no. 40 Indira Nagar are struggling to deal with the traffic snarls caused by the heavy vehicles plying in the area.Locals have now chalked out their own charter, on which items like safety of children on the streets and recreational activities for citizens figure very prominently. The corporators who will be elected in the ward will have a lot on their hands as far as developmental work is concerned.Sitting corporator Chandrakant Khode has had to look for another prabhag because his seat has been reserved for a scheduled tribe (ST) candidate. But he has prepared ground for his wife, Manisha Khode, to contest the elections, as the seat for women in the multiple-member ward is not reserved.Speaking about his achievements, Khode mentioned the construction of the City Garden near the jogging track. The jogging track in itself was the first of its kind in the city. The widening of the Wadala Naka-Indira Nagar Road to a 60ft span has also enabled diversion of traffic from this road.The movement of heavy traffic in this part of the city is affecting the safety of the residents here. \"The prabhag is parallel to the national highway. The roads are wide enough, but the problem is that there are no footpaths for senior citizens to walk on, neither are there cycle tracks for cyclists, especially children,\" said local Sangeeta Kale.Unfortunately, none of the contestants from the prabhag have yet given a thought to cycle tracks and footpaths. \"There were some plans for the construction of a cycle track in the jogging track. How will it help the children? Besides, the lack of footpaths only makes pedestrians vulnerable to accidents,\" local Ratna Mahajan pointed out.\"Streets, water and drainage system are not major issues here as they are being taken care of by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). What we need is a corporator who will think out of the box and make life here safe,\" said Prabhakar Kulkarni, a resident of Indira Nagar.One of the aspirants for the NMC polls, Chandrakant Thakur, said, \"I am willing to take up the construction of a swimming pool in the prabhag, as it will cater to the needs of citizens living in the stretch from Bhabha Nagar to Pathardi village.\" He also stressed the need of a skating facility so that children from the locality are able to develop their skills.Dr Deepali Kulkarni, wife of Sachin Kulkarni, who has been instrumental in carrying out 40-day physical training and adventure camps for children in the area, said, \"Social health depends on the way the weaker sections of society are treated. Bharat Nagar and Shivaji Wadi are two such areas which need a lot of attention. I have plans to bring children from these areas into the mainstream. This means that an NMC hospital, or permanent medical arrangements have to be set up. Public lavatories, especially for women, are among the other things that we have to focus on.\"She also drew attention to the success of the no-profit, no-loss ten-day shopping extravaganza being organized in the area for the past seven years, which has never been replicated in any other area till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11623835", "title": "Red signal to UP in R-Day fete again", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP is not in the picture this year also. For the fifth consecutive year, the state's tableau will not roll out on the Rajpath for the Republic Day parade. The proposed tableau received royal thumbs down by the national experts' committee this year too. Experts feel that it is the political connotation that is keeping UP out of the list.\"It's a national shame that the most populated state has been neglected since past five years. It appeals more of a political reason and just not about the Central and the state governments. Lack of objective methods of presenting tableau can be seen as a reason for continuous rejection,'' said political analyst, prof Manoj Dixit. He added that this year, probably the elections due in the state in February have kept UP of the list.This year, the state had sent two proposals. The first theme was, `Lucknow ke samatamulak paryatan sthal' keeping Ambedkar Samajaik Parivartan Sthal as a central location, which was outrightly rejected in the very first meeting of the expert committee held in September 2011.The second theme that the state picked up was `UP - The Land of Buddha'. The topic managed to impress the experts in two meetings and eventually rejected. Between 1959 and 2006, this will be the 15th time when UP's tableau will not be seen in the annual event. As per an official, the state had won the best tableau prize in 1984, and several others on three different occasions including 2005 (the last time it won).Confirming the same, state deputy director, information and in-charge of tableau, Pradeep Gupta said: \"UP has failed in to present its tableau for the fifth consecutive year. There is no problem with our designs but we are not able to impress the committee with our theme.''In 2011, UP had chosen `Buddham Sharam Gachhami' as the tableau theme. :UP and Bihar are Buddha lands. We had designed the Kushinagar and Sarnath in our tableau,'' said a source. It got nod of the experts till the third or fourth meeting, after which it was rejected. Ironically, Gujarat had presented a similar idea which got clearance. In 2010, the state tried to present some of its scheme, like Ambedkar Gram Vikash Yojna and Mahamaya Garib Balika Aashirwad Yojna. The two were unapproved in the second meeting of the experts committee. Earlier, in 2009, the state government failed to send its idea as it crossed the deadline. The last representation from the state was in the year 2007. The tableau was based on the warrior, Rani Lakshmi Bai.UP, in 2005, had presented a tableau on `Wooden Toys of Varanasi' in R-day fete. Not only it received wide acclaim, it was even rated as the top second among 13 states. The constant neglect of UP seems to be a defying act. \"A tableau should depict the state's heritage, tradition, glory and achievements. In years when UP followed all these norms, it received a red signal. This itself raises questions of polity,'' said an expert.On the R-Day procession every year, 23 tableaux are presented. Out of this, 13 are from different states and 10 represent different ministries and departments under the Government of India.The states to represent this year are West Bengal, Jammu and Kashmir, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra, Goa, Karnataka, Meghalaya, Rajasthan, Bihar, Assam, Punjab, Nagaland and Sikkim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11624130", "title": "Winter festival begins", "text": "The winter theatre festival by Theatre for Theatre marked it's beginning with its very first play \" Triyatra\" staged at Punjab Kala Bhawan in Sector 16 on Tuesday evening.The play was directed by Sudesh Sharma, founder-director of TFT.\"Triyatra\" is a dramatization of three stories written by Madan Rakesh, Madan Lal Spatu and Moini. These stories are based on old age and problems faced in old.The festival this year has varied themes and treatments by a range of directors to treat the audience. This year there will be seven plays in the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11628336", "title": "Explosives recovered in Howrah-bound train", "text": "RANCHI: The Government Railway Police (GRP) has recovered explosive material and other items used to make bombs from the Howrah bound Jamalpur-Howrah Express. The explosives weighing around 10 kilogram were recovered from the general coach of the train during a checking at Barharwa railway station in Sahebgunj district on the intervening night of Tuesday-Wednesday.\"Information was that the explosive was to be used in West Bengal to disturb Republic Day celebrations and so all luggage and coaches were checked thoroughly. During the search the explosives were recovered which could have been used to make around 20 bombs powerful enough to kill people and create panic at any public place,\" said a source.Confirming the recovery of explosives, superintendent of railway police, P K Srivastava said that the explosives were recovered from an unclaimed bag lying under a seat in the general coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "gonda", "code": "11623741", "title": "Job better than aid, say UP dalits", "text": "GONDA: Uttar Pradesh's dalits aren't living hugely improved lives despite five years of rule by Mayawati, a CM from the community . But she remains their icon and BSP the party they identify with-because it draws legitimacy , inspiration and ideology from Babasaheb Ambedkar.BSP rule has not made much difference even to Ambedkar villages which were conceived in 1991 to bring their residents, particularly dalits, into the mainstream . When implemented in 1995, the scheme became a source of heartburn exposing Mayawati to the charge that she was excessively focused on dalits.Take the case of newly-married Raman of Kochwa, an Ambedkar village. He is forced to leave his wife and family for 10 months every year to go to Haryana to work as farm labour.\"Yahan kahan naukri hai?\" (Where are the jobs here?) Raman laments. When he stays away from his family, his old mobile is his only link with his family. Raman's story is an often-told one of the state of UP's dalits, denied basic amenities let alone livelihood options . These conditions haven't changed much in these five years.Dalits seem to be skeptical of the doles and subsidies that Mayawati takes pride in designing for them, saying they are no substitute for employment. To them, empowerment is derived from regular employment. Gulaba Devi, a Pasi widow in Hardoi's Rampur Atwa village sums it up best: \"A job is better than any pension or financial aid.\"But that does not seem to have affected their loyalty to BSP. Malti Devi of Sitapur, an NREGA labourer, puts it succinctly: \"I would vote for the elephant because only God can change our fate. What can politicians do?\" Such resignation is not unique to her and gives a clue to why BSP continues to retain a solid core of supporters: Something that enables her to transfer votes to whoever she wishes to and build larger social alliances like five years ago.The skepticism extends to the memorials dedicated to dalit icons. The statues in Lucknow and Noida which had to be recently draped following an EC order are the buzz even in remote villages. But no dalit TOI spoke to found Mayawati's statues empowering. Instead, they rued the state's inefficiency and lamented the CM's statues . \"Poor do not benefit from idols,\" Gulaba Devi said. Raman, a frequent visitor to Lucknow, says the memorials are beautiful (\" sundar hai\" ), yet \"it would have been better had the money been used to generate jobs\" . Despite their poor living conditions their attachment for BSP remains.Prof AK Singh, director, Giri institute for Developmental Studies , says, \"No major initiatives were taken for employment generation among dalits. Welfare schemes meant for dalits had limited reach. So, their lives did not change much.\" That doesn't stop Ram Khilawan of Bahrimau in Sitapur from celebrating BSP as the bearer of Ambedkar's legacy.DALIT PROFILE21.1% UP's population are dalits87.7% dalits live in villages41.9% dalits in Sonbhadra, highest concentration11% in Baghpat, lowest concentrationJatavs (CM's caste) are 56% mainly in Azamgarh, Jaunpur, Gorakhpur in east UP. In Agra, Bijnor, Saharanpur in west UPPasis (16%) have highest numbers in Sitapur, Rae Bareli, Hardoi in east UP &amp; AllahabadDhobi, Kori, Balmiki (15%) mainy in Sultanpur in east UP, Bareilly, Ghaziabad in west UPOCCUPATIONMost SCs are farm labour with 42.5% share in four economic categories31% have small landholdings, are marginal farmersRest in household industry 4.3%. Some labourers at construction sitesSelf employed | Cobblers, hyde flayers, bone collectors, sweepers, run piggeriesMore than half of dalit poor have no BPL cards | mostly tribal, the most backward and Muslim dalitsMaya Refutes NCRBCM claimed that since 2007, when her govt came to power, cases of harassment of SC/ST had steadily declined. Murder Cases declined by 29.3 per cent, arson by 50 per cent, rape cases by 19 per cent, cases under SC/ST Act showed decline of 8.8 per centNATIONAL CRIME RECORDS BUREAU DATA 2009UP tops in crimes reported against dalitsCountry total of crimes against dalits : 33,594. 22.4% in UP, highest shareCountry total of dalit murder cases: 624 UP accounted for 37.7%Total rape cases of SC/ST: 1, 346, UP was second in India with 23.6% of total cases195 cases of arson. Bihar highest with 40 followed by Rajasthan 39 and UP 3811,143 cases under SC/ST Prevention of Atrocities Act. UP had 22.9% of total casesUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11628730", "title": "Uncle to get custody of Norway NRI couple's kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: The children of NRI couple in Noway, Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya, will be handed over to their uncle - Anurup's brother, accoring to reports.The lawyer of the couple told the Indian Embassy in Oslo that Anurab Bhattacharya (Anurup's brother) will take custody of the children. Anurab will travel to Norway when the custody case comes up in the court.The agreement is in final stages of negotiation.India had on Monday conveyed to Norway that it should work out a settlement with the immediate family of two kids who are under foster care on the orders of a local court there.External affairs minister S M Krishna, who spoke to his Norwegian counterpart earlier in the day, told reporters that he has come to the conclusion after the talks that a reasonable settlement can be worked out, though the Indian government was anxious that a solution be found at the earliest.\"This (settlement) has to be worked out with the immediate family of the children,\" Krishna said when asked if any other solution to the vexed issue was acceptable to the Indian government.Three-year-old Abhigyan and one-year-old Aishwarya, children of Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya, an NRI couple living in Stavanger, Norway, were taken under protective care by Barnevarne (Norwegian Child Welfare Services) in May on grounds that they were not looked after properly by their parents.Barnevarne has placed them in foster parental care as per the directive of the local Norwegian court, mandated under Norwegian laws.\"But after my talks with the local embassy and with the Norwegian foreign minister, I have come to this conclusion that a reasonable settlement of this issue can be worked out. Our anxiety is it should be worked out at the earliest so that the children are brought back to the protective umbrella of their biological parents and grandparents,\" Krishna said.\"But I don't think after my talks with my counterpart in Norway that taking into consideration the kind of relationship we have between the two governments, it should be difficult for us to work out a settlement,\" he added.Pointing to the child care mechanism in India, Krishna said: \"We have a fairly legitimate institutional mechanism to protect the rights of the children. We can always use that in order to protect the rights of the children.\"Asked about the visa of the couple that is likely to end in the first week of March this year, the external affairs minister said in view of the healthy relationship that the two countries had, Norway was willing to accommodate the Indian government to the extent possible within the limits of jurisdiction.\"If there are visa issues, I think it can be worked out,\" he said.\"The point to be noted and understood is that a court is seized of the matter in Norway and on the orders of that court the children are in the foster care unit in Norway. Hence when the courts are involved, we have to work through the courts on this issue,\" he added.India has over the last two months issued a couple of strong demarche to Norway on its decision to separate the two Indian children from their NRI parents and conveyed that it felt it was \"an extreme step and unjustified\".Bhattacharya and his wife have been appealing to the Indian government for help in getting their children back. As the matter is sub-judice, the external affairs ministry has also advised Bhattacharya to take suitable legal recourse.(Inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11629240", "title": "Agnee band composing for Hollywood", "text": "Band Agnee, famous for it's theme sons of Roadies and Splitsvilla and also songs like 'Sadho Re' and 'Kabira' has another feather attached to its already feted cap and that's of having signed the Hollywood film 'Avengers' as composers and singers of the Walt Disney film which releases in April this year.Agnee will be composing and singing the Theme song for the movie to promote it in India.Agnee was formed in 2006 when Mohan and Koco met by chance at a common's friend's wedding followed by a phone call and jamming session right after. Since then there has been no looking back for the band.Having created a stir with their very first album 'Agnee' in 2007, their numbers 'Sadho Re', 'Kabira', 'Ujale Baaz' from the album 'Lamha Yeh Jayega Kahan', from the film Dil Dosti etc. and theme songs of reality shows 'Roadies' and 'Splitsvilla' (Aahatein) for which they also have won the much-deserved GIMA Award in September 2011, Agnee became a household name.In recent times Agnee has just finished their first two films as music directors 'Aalaap' and 'Shala' in Marathi. Shala released on 20th Jan 2012, in which the Hindi classical song 'Sadaa' is already a hit. 'Aalaap' meanwhile will be releasing in March 2012 and marks the debut of Agnee into Bollywood as solo music directors.Besides Agnee has also completed recording for the theme song for Roadies 9 the lyrics of which have been penned by director Abbas Tyrewala.Agnee comprises of Koco and Mohan on guitars and vocals. The two also compose the songs for the band. Michael Pereira accompanies them on keyboards and Jamir on bass, Hrishikesh Datar on drums, Nitin Joshi on sound and Pradeep Ratanjankar is their music technician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11623258", "title": "Farewell for school seniors", "text": "PATNA: City's International School on Tuesday organized a farewell party for the outgoing students of CBSE 2011-12 batch. Adding charm to the party were events like games and several competitions like Mr and Ms International, personality icon of the year and best costume.In ICSE wing, Yudhajit Talapatra was declared Mr International and Aashriya Bimal Ms International. The tag of personality icon was given to Ateeb Raza. Nabeel Akhtar's was adjudged the best costume (boys) and Silky Verma's (girls).In CBSE wing, Sandeep was declared Mr International and Rokshi Ali Ms International. The popular icon award went to to Rokshi Ali. Majajul Haque won the best costumes award among boys while Nadia Ahmed was adjudged winner in this category among girls.The party was hosted by Class IX students of ICSE wing and Class XI students of CBSE wing.Patna Central School: Students of secondary classes of Patna Central School held a play which focused on the neglect of elder citizens in society. The actors were Pragya, Suraj Prakash, Zeeshan Rahmani, Sweety Verma, Ravi Shankar and Subhangi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626018", "title": "Lifetime achievement honour for Manoj Kumar", "text": "He has been a part of Indian cinema for over 50 years. Nicknamed Mr Bhaarat for his patriotic films, Padma Shri Manoj Kumar had become synonymous to patriotism.And tonight, on the eve of Republic Day, Apsara awards given by The Film And Television Producers Guild of India, headed by filmmaker Ramesh Sippy, will felicitate the actor with the lifetime achievement honour. The event will take place at Yash Raj Studios at 7 pm.Talking about the ceremony, the legendary actor told Mumbai Mirror, \"It's a matter of pride to be honoured by my own fraternity, people who know filmmaking.\"Reminiscing about the years spent in Bollywood , the actor added, \"When I look back, I feel like I have just entered the industry. I have no regrets. I always believed in making meaningful cinema. Patriotism was a byproduct. I liked being involved in acting, direction, editing and every little aspect of the film I made.\"And he is soon going to kickstart his next project titled DNA Report. \"I am soon going to start my film. I was not being able to work due to my back problem. But now, I can sit for six hours at a stretch. Next week I will start with the casting,\" informed Manoj.As for the casting, Manoj has his own plans in place. \"I would like to cast Salman Khan , not for his stardom but because he suits the role. For the female lead, I would prefer Kareena Kapoor ,\" revealed the actor-filmmaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623185", "title": "HC grants bail to five who beat up Nashik doctor", "text": "The Bombay High Court on Tuesday granted bail to five persons who had allegedly beaten up a doctor and ransacked Wockhardt Hospital in Nashik after one of their relatives turned critical. The high court said merely because the injured was a doctor or a medical officer, the accused cannot be treated differently.Justice J H Bhatia was hearing application by the hospital for cancellation of bail granted by the sessions court to Babanrao Tile and four others. Tile's wife Pushpa was referred by an ESIC hospital in Nashik to Wockhardt for balloon mitral valvuloplasty (BMV) procedure. Dr Sunil Sonawane had taken consent from the relatives and also informed them of the high risk in performing the procedure.However, during the procedure she did not respond and she was shifted to the intensive care unit. When the doctor called Tile to discuss further treatment and course of action, they allegedly assaulted him and dragged him into a car. The police stopped them and took them to the police station. Pushpa subsequently died.Wockhard's lawyer Subodh Desai urged that their bail be cancelled pointing out that the acts of Tile and others were intended to cause death of the doctor and therefore, an offence of Section 307 (attempt to murder) was registered.But Justice Bhatia said after perusal of medical records and the footage from closed circuit television camera, it was impossible to come to a conclusion that they attempted to murder Sonawane. He said it was a \"simple assault\" by persons who were agitated and annoyed with the doctor and \"gave him blows and another or two with the chair\".Justice Bhatia said fracture of the nasal bone could not be life threatening by any stretch of imagination and could fall within sections 323 (simple hurt) and 325 (punishment for voluntarily causing grievous), which are bailable. Justice Bhatia said while it is true that the act of patient's relative is absolutely improper in assaulting the doctor,butthe accused cannot be treated differently than other accused in similar circumstances. Just because the injured doctor was from a big hospital like Wockhardt, this court cannot interfere, the judge added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11624126", "title": "Ray of light: Stem cells may help the blind see", "text": "LONDON: For the first time, scientists have used embryonic stem cells to improve the sight of two almost blind women, a breakthrough which they say raises the hope of a cure for age-related vision loss.The landmark study, published in The Lancet, involved one elderly patient with dry age-related macular degeneration (AMD) and a younger patient with Stargardt's disease, the leading cause of macular degeneration in young people.The transplants appeared safe after four months, and both patients had some improvement in vision . The future goal will be to treat patients earlier in the disease process , in order to boost the prospects of improving or retaining sight in new patients, the researchers said.\"It has been over a decade since the discovery of human embryonic stem cells (hESC). This is the first report of hESC-derived cells ever transplanted into patients, and the safety and engraftment data to-date looks very encouraging,\" said study co-author Dr Robert Lanza from Advanced Cell Technology in Marlborough, USA.\"Though several new drugs are available for the treatment of the wet type of AMD , no proven treatments currently exist for either dry-AMD or Stargardt's disease.\"Despite the progressive nature of these conditions, the vision of both patients appears to have improved after transplantation of the cells, even at the lowest dosage.\"This is particularly important, since the ultimate goal of this therapy will be to treat patients earlier in the course of the disease where more significant results might potentially be expected.\" In the study, each patient had a single eye injected with about 50,000 retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) cells that had been derived from embryonic stem cells. Bot the patients received low-dose immunosuppression therapy that doctors began to taper off after six weeks. After surgery, structural evidence confirmed cells had attached to Bruch's membrane - the blood-retina barrier that separates the RPE cells of the retina from the choroid - and survived throughout the study period.No safety concerns emerged in the four months and there were no signs of rejection or abnormal cell growth. The authors said: \"Study is designed to test the safety and tolerability of hESC-RPE in patients with advanced-stage Stargardt's macular dystrophy and dry age-related macular degeneration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11624154", "title": "Families to adopt 1,526 HIV-affected children", "text": "MYSORE: A programme of the medical education department will give orphaned 1,526 HIV-affected children a new lease of life. They will be adopted by different families over the next three to four months. It will kick off on Republic Day, according to SA Ramdas, district in-charge and medical education minister.At a two-day state seminar on 'Missing Girls and Women: Issues and Implications' at Rani Bahadur Institute here on Monday, Ramdas expressed concern about the rise in cases of HIV among children. He said: \"On January 26, all the HIV-affected children in the district will be adopted by different families. We'll do our best to help these children,\" said Ramdas. The families have the option to either adopt the kids and take them into their home or sponsor them. The modalities are still being worked out.Ramdas said several families have come forward to adopt these orphaned HIV-affected children. In Karnataka, there are 14,800 HIV+ children registered with civil hospitals, added Ramdas. There are 33.2 million people affected with HIV in the world, with 27 lakh people affected by HIV in India. Among them, 13 lakh are children. \"We need to come up with a proper solution to this problem. We decided to start a rehabilitation centre exclusively for HIV positive children where they will receive food, accommodation, medicine and education free of cost. The centre will be run by the government in association with NGOs,\" Ramdas said.\"We'll take the help of actors to create awareness about HIV and make a movie about HIV shortly,\" he said.In the keynote address, C Manjula, chairperson, Karnataka State Commission for Women, said: 'The commission has received nearly 1,500 cases. In 2010-11, 506 women went missing in Mysore district alone. This is a very serious issue. Universities should do research on related subjects and come up with solutions. We have given this responsibility to the women's university to study women's issues and problems in North Karnataka, where more people are migrating to other states. In Bagalkot, there are 15,000 HIV-affected persons.\" She called upon seminar participants come up with suggestions which will be conveyed to the government for further study.\"The seminar is being conducted by Centre for the study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy, Manasagangotri, University of Mysore, in association with Karnataka State Commission for Women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622666", "title": "Rs 15, 855cr allocated to fight cancer in 12th Plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: With cancer cases rocketing in India, the Union health ministry has prepared a Rs 15,855-crore plan for its early diagnosis and treatment over the next five years. This is the largest chunk of India's overall budget for non-communicable diseases (Rs 58,000 crore - a 500% increase from the 11th Plan).By 2017, India plans to open two national cancer institutes, 20 state cancer institutes along with supporting 100 tertiary cancer centres.The plan is also to increase district cancer centres from 100 to 640 by end-2017, add 500 additional cancer specialists trained in its management besides training 640 district cancer teams.Over the next five years, the number of institutes working on India's cancer registry - that records cancer cases in India - from 27 to 122.The ministry says there are about 28 lakh cases of cancer at any given point of time in India with 10 lakh new cases occurring every year. About 5 lakh deaths occur in the country annually due to cancer. WHO saus, the estimated cancer deaths in India is projected to increase to 7 lakhs by 2015.Cancers account for 14% of the overall NCD mortality in India, and about of 3.3% of the disease burden and about 9% of all deaths. \"Cancer is a major public health concern in India and has become one of the 10 leading causes of death in the country. The burden of cancer is expected to further increase due to increase in life expectancy, demographic transitions and the effects of tobacco. Around 40 % of cancer cases are due to tobacco use,\" said a Planning Commission paper for the 12th Plan on NCDs.According to experts, over 70% of cancer cases in India are diagnosed during the advanced stages of the disease, resulting in poor survival and high case mortality rates. The leading sites of cancer are the oral cavity, lungs, oesophagus and stomach among men and cervix, breast and oral cavity among women.\"It is estimated that the number of people living with cancers will rise by nearly one-quarter between 2001 and 2016. Nearly 10 lakh new cases of cancers will be diagnosed in 2015 compared to about 807,000 in 2004, and nearly 670,000 are expected to die,\" a Union health ministry official said.Among men, cancers of the prostate, colon, rectum and liver have shown statistically significant increase in incidence. The ministry recently relaxed rules to increase doctors coming out in the field of oncology.It has allowed every professor of three disciplines - radiotherapy, medical oncology and surgical oncology - to teach three students as against the existing norm of two. Besides, associate professors across all specialities will be allowed to take on two students under their guidance as against one as per the present norm.Assistant professors who qualify to be associate professors will also be allowed to take one student under their care. Doctors across 21 states are also getting a one-year crash course in oncology, especially training them on early detection of cancer symptoms and how to deliver chemotherapy.In developing countries, cancer ranks third as a cause of death and accounts for 9.5% (3.8 million) of all mortality.Cancer is curable if detected early. The results of treatment in stage I and II (early stage) are about 80%. In late stage diseases (stage III and IV), the results are less than 20%. According to the National Programme for Prevention and Control of Cancer announced in June, 2010, 65 tertiary cancer centres (TCCs) that would carry out screening, biopsy and treatment of cancer will be set up in 21 states.District hospitals are also being strengthened to diagnose and treat patients with chemotherapy. Radiotherapy, however, will be available in 27 existing regional cancer centres, all of which are being upgraded.The ministry is also giving Rs 1 crore to each district hospital just to provide free chemotherapy to 100 patients per district. The ministry will give Rs 100 crore (estimated cost of chemotherapy per patient per year being Rs 1 lakh) to the 100 shortlisted district hospitals only to provide free chemotherapy.\"We have been warned by WHO that India is the next hub for cancer. The 38 new cancer centres will be linked to district hospitals. Auxiliary Nurse Midwives (ANM) are being trained to identify warning signs of cancer while doctors in PHCs and CHCs are being trained to diagnose cancer cases early,\" Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622881", "title": "Lack of orders spells curtains for Khadi tiranga maker", "text": "NAGPUR: When master tailor Bhauraoji Pandey, in his 70s, stopped making tricolour in Khadi a couple of years ago, it marked end of an era. With him the art of making Khadi tricolours will end as far as city is concerned. The septuagenarian garment-maker now plays a supportive role to his next generation who have taken up the stitching business.Though aging master's decision to step aside was prompted by age, he said lack of orders from local shops also played a part. Pandey was one of two master needle-workers in city adept in stitching the Khadi tricolour. There was another at Sitabuldi but he passed away a couple of years back. \"No one taught me how to stitch a tricolour in Khadi. I learnt it merely by aping others. The art remained alive in my hands for 22 years. A couple of years ago I had to discontinue,\" said Pandey.He said that the few Khadi tirangas now available in market come from places like Nanded. \"Earlier, the flags stitched by me had a steady demand. They were taken to Madhya Pradesh, Raipur and Bilaspur in Chhattisgarh, Gondia and Gadchiroli in eastern Vidarbha,\" Pandey said recalling the better times. \"Khadi flags were sold in several outlets in city,\" he said.\"Now, not many want to stock them. Instead, they bring limited numbers for select customers. The raw material is also not easily available. The shop owners who placed the orders earlier are not showing any interest and are happy to receive it from elsewhere,\" said Pandey.\"The dyer and printer too do not show interest in flags it being a low profit affair for them. So the work gets delayed. The demand has not died out completely but no one here is interested in reviving the art,\" he said. He added it would be difficult to revive the art in Nagpur now as the business links have got disrupted.Though Khadi flags are not being made in city any more, Pandey said the love for the fabric itself had not faded. \"Even Khadi flags have buyers here but there would be no makers,\" said Pandey whose retirement has likely put the art to rest.Gandhian activist Ravindra Bhusari said Khadi was permanently linked to this country's past just like Vidarbha and cotton from which Khadi was spun. \"Central and state government should ban plastic-made flags which are often misused after the occasion and pass orders making khadi-made flags compulsory,\" said Bhusari.He added that handloom industry became almost extinct after modern fabrics and machineries came in. \"Government should ensure khadi flags are made available through the Khadi gram udyog bhavan outlets,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622702", "title": "CIC opposes Chhattisgarh\u2019s move to hike RTI application fee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central information commissioner (CIC) Shailesh Gandhi has written to Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh protesting against the state legislature's decision to raise the RTI application fee to Rs 500.The decision was taken recently by the state and has come under criticism considering that the Central government charges Rs 10 as application fee and Rs 2 per page for providing information.Gandhi has also sent letters to the Chhattisgarh Speaker, the leader of opposition and the state information commissioner.Describing the move as \"disturbing\" and \"unfortunate\", Gandhi said it was \"against the spirit and purpose of the RTI Act and would be unwarranted discrimination against citizens who seek information from the Legislative Assembly. This would give rise to suspicion and speculation that the legislative assembly wishes to discourage citizens from exercising their fundamental right.\"The assembly had ruled that Rs 500 would be charged per application and Rs 15 per page as additional fee. \"I am sure the Chhattisgarh Assembly will set a good example to promote citizen's fundamental rights and reduce the application fee and the additional fee to Rs 10 and Rs 2, respectively, at the earliest,\" he said.While the RTI Act does not prescribe a fee, the law mandates that it should be \"reasonable\" and no fee be charged from people below poverty line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11623045", "title": "City under close scrutiny for Jan 26", "text": "NOIDA: Taking in consideration the Republic Day celebrations on January 26, the police and traffic department have teamed up and adopted several measures to beef up security in the city. The city is also being closely scrutinized by the police to avoid chances of terrorists using Noida as a safe haven while launching attacks elsewhere.The police are conducting a recce of major parts of the city by state-level commandoes belonging to the anti-terrorist squad. \"A close tab is being kept on cyber cafes and PCOs which might be used by unscrupulous elements to send out messages for conducting their operations,\" said SP (City) Anant Dev Tiwari. The police are also keeping a watch on lodges and guest houses in the city that might act as possible hideouts for terrorists. \"The registers of lodges and hotels are being checked by our teams to detect if any suspicious person has checked in within the last few days,\" Tiwari added.To check the possibility of any suspicious person who might have been staying in the city under the cover of a resident or a tenant to give a slip to the police, teams of officials are checking those houses where tenants or residents have shifted in the last few weeks or months. Besides, the police are also keeping a vigil on the numerous malls, restaurants, private and public hospitals, educational institutes and commercial offices that dot the city. \"Parking spaces, particularly at these places, are being checked for abandoned or illegally parked vehicles,\" added Tiwari.At the five points bordering Delhi, the police will post teams of officials to check suspicious vehicles making an entry or exit.\"This checking is being done jointly with the Delhi police,\" said Tiwari.The traffic department will restrict exit of any heavy commercial vehicles from the Noida to Delhi from midnight on January 25 till noon on January 26. \"While heavy vehicles coming from Delhi into Noida will not be stopped, those vehicle travelling towards Delhi will be intercepted and not allowed to cross the border,\" said traffic inspector Saifuddin Beg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11624102", "title": "HC orders FIR against BMC men for graft", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking a serious view of allegations of corruption against BMC officers who demanded protection money from a shopkeeper, the Bombay High Court on Tuesday ordered the police to lodge an FIR against the civic staff.The court was hearing a petition filed by Juhu resident Baldev Gupta, who claimed that three BMC officers had demolished a portion of his shop as he did not meet their demand for Rs 50,000.\"The complaint reveals a cognizable offence,\" said a bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and Sadhana Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623259", "title": "Republic of hope", "text": "India's metropolitan youth are gung-ho about the country's future and that's largely because of their immense belief in themselves . That's the clear finding from an eight-city poll conducted exclusively for TOI in the run-up to Republic Day.Almost three-fourths of all those polled felt India would be a developed country by 2020, or in less than a decade. With 61% also saying that the country's biggest strength was its \"youth power\" , it's evident what this optimism is based on.The belief that India would be developed by the end of the decade was particularly strong in cities like Chennai and Ahmedabad, understandable perhaps given the fact that they are in states doing much better than the national average . Against the overall figure of 73%, 90% in Ahmedabad and 86% in Chennai felt India would be a developed nation by 2020. At the other end of the spectrum , only 43% of Delhi's respondents held that view.There were differences across cities also on the issue of which is India's biggest strength. While 61% overall picked youth power, 16% each opted for \"emerging economy\" and \"democracy\" and 7% for \"soft power\" . In Kolkata, however, the biggest chunk felt democracy was the nation's key strength. Chennai had 24% saying the economy was the crucial factor, a larger proportion than in any other city.How about the biggest weakness? Predictably, given the mood of the moment , corruption emerged as easily the biggest, with 60% citing it. The large population was seen by 25% as the most serious concern, poor education standards by 10% and poor infrastructure by 6%. While the cities by and large agreed on the rankings of these weaknesses, a much larger number of people in Kolkata saw poor standards of education as the worst problem.Given this view on what is the biggest weakness, it is perhaps not very surprising that Anna Hazare should have emerged as the leading response when asked who people saw as the \"ideal citizen\" . An impressive 41%picked him. Even an icon like Sachin Tendulkar came a distant second with only 17% choosing him, an indication also perhaps of the disillusionment with our cricketing stars given the disappointing performance during the ongoing tour of Australia.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh can draw heart from the fact that he was in third place with 8% and the only politician to figure in the top five. The others in that exclusive club were businessmen N R Narayana Murthy and Mukesh Ambani, both getting 7% of the respondents voting for them.On what constitutes the biggest threat to India's democracy, views across cities were more sharply divided than on any of the other questions posed in the survey. Overall, 44% saw dynastic politics as the bane, 31% picked money and muscle power as the biggest threat, 15% cited attacks on civil society and 10% pointed towards attempts to muzzle the freedom of expression.In Delhi (44%) and Chennai (45%), however, the use of money and muscle power was seen as the most serious threat and the national capital also saw attacks on civil society as the second biggest danger. Interestingly, among Mumbai respondents an unusually high 64% were most worried about the spectre of dynastic politics.If you thought the Republic Day parade is a spectacle that has lost its sheen, think again. Asked how they respond to the parade an amazing 88% of all those polled said it makes them feel proud to be Indians,only 6% said it is a waste of money and a similar proportion said they see it as just another holiday.This was a question on which the degree of unanimity across cities was particularly high. In none of the eight cities did less than 73% of the respondents say the parade made them feel proud to be Indians, while the highest proportion of 95% was in Pune.The poll was conducted exclusively for TOI by Ipsos, a leading global market research agency, in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad , Ahmedabad and Pune, the only cities in India with populations above 5 million.Those polled were from the socioeconomic categories (SEC) A and A-plus and were in the age group 18 to 35. Men and women were equally represented in the sample of 813 respondents, which included at least 100 from each of the eight cities covered by the poll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622324", "title": "'Salman Rushdie eminent, but not welcome'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid protests by Muslim groups against hosting Salman Rushdie in Jaipur, Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit said on Tuesday morning that there was a difference of opinion on his writing but he was \"an eminent writer'' who had won the Booker Prize. She said she didn't wish to get into all that and welcomed everybody. It was taken to mean that Rushdie was welcome. However, by evening her office issued an official statement clarifying that \"there is no question of welcoming'' him as a guest in the capital.Dikshit's remarks in the morning had been widely circulated, giving rise to speculation. She was speaking on the sidelines of the celebrations on National Girl Child Day.The remarks had been made in response to a question on the open invitation extended by Delhi-based NGO Sahmat to the author of the 'The Satanic Verses' on Monday. The NGO has asked Rushdie to deliver a lecture or participate in a discussion on literature, alongside an exhibition displaying the works of the late artist M F Husain. Sahmat had earlier stood by Rushdie by defying an unofficial ban on 'The Moor's Last Sigh' by readings on the street in Delhi in 1995.Alleging that the state had exhibited a \"cowardly unwillingness\" in standing up to communal forces on Rushdie's India visit, Sahmat had said it was ready to host him under any circumstances along with an exhibition of the works of Husain, \"who was driven into forced exile by a similar retreat\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11627233", "title": "SC agrees to hear Amit Shah's plea to return to Gujarat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday agreed to hear the plea of former Gujarat home minister Amit Shah , who was forced to leave the state during pendency of his trial in Sohrabuddin fake encounter killing case, for permission to return.A bench headed by Justice Aftab Alam said that it would hear his plea along with the CBI's petition seeking cancellation of Shah's bail in the Sohrabuddin case.Shah, who was directed by the apex court to leave the state during the pendency of the trial in Sohrabuddin fake encounter case, had yesterday approached the apex court saying living outside his home state for the last 16 months has caused \"irreparable hardship\" to him and his family members.The apex court had on October 30, 2010, directed Shah to leave the state and ordered him to stay out till further order.Pleading with the apex court to modify its order, Shah said, \"He will suffer irreparable injury and hardship if an appropriate order to the effect of modification of order of October 30, 2010, is not made.\"\"The applicant has remained outside his own state for approximately 16 months resulting into a situation where one of the largest assembly constituencies in the country, which has reposed faith in the applicant since four consecutive terms, is deprived of its representatives,\" he said.Shah, a close aide of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , was arrested by CBI on July 25, 2010, and he had spent over three months in Sabarmati Jail in Ahmedabad.Shah had to quit the Modi government in July last year after being slapped with charges of murder and kidnapping in the fake encounter killing of alleged gangster Sohrabuddin Sheikh and his wife Kauser Bi in 2005.He has been accused by CBI of being the \"kingpin\" of the conspiracy leading to the fake encounter killing of Sohrabuddin Sheikh in November 2005 and the killing of two key witnesses, Kausar Bi and his aide Tulsiram Prajapati.The agency had earlier urged the apex court to transfer the trial of the fake encounter killing case outside Gujarat on the ground that witnesses are being intimidated and the trial cannot be held in a free and fair manner.Sohrabuddin and his wife were allegedly abducted by the Gujarat's Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) from Hyderabad and killed in a fake encounter near Gandhinagar in November 2005.Prajapati, said to be an accomplice of Sohrabuddin, was also subsequently eliminated allegedly by ATS to destroy evidence as he was an eyewitness, according to the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11623150", "title": "Sena-BJP yet to hold seat-sharing talks", "text": "NASHIK: While the filing of nomination papers for the upcoming elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) began on Tuesday, Shiv Sena-BJP leaders are yet to meet to discuss seat adjustment for the elections.The crucial meeting between Shiv Sena and BJP leaders, which has been postponed several times and was scheduled for Tuesday, has not been held as both the parties were waiting for the approval of their senior leaders in Mumbai.\"The meeting between Shiv Sena and BJP over the seat-sharing issue couldn't be held on Tuesday as both the parties were busy. It will be held on Wednesday,\" a senior BJP official told TOI.\"We have already conducted interviews of aspirants for the 122 seats and have sent the report to the state BJP committee. Its report is expected to reach us by Wednesday and the process as per the report will start from Monday (Jan 30),\" he said.When contacted, a senior Shiv Sena official said, \"The meeting has been rescheduled to Wednesday.\"Meanwhile, the last day of filing nomination papers for the elections will be Jan 31. Even at this crucial juncture, the Sena-BJP combine is yet to arrive on a seat-sharing adjustment. Moreover, some seats are also to be allocated to their allied party RPI (Athavale faction).In 2007, the Shiv Sena and BJP had jointly contested elections to the NMC for all 108 seats and had come to power with the support of Independents and small parties. Of 108 seats, Shiv Sena and BJP had contested 62 and 46 wards, respectively. Shiv Sena had won 26 seats, while BJP had won 14 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11622613", "title": "International teacher educators meet in city soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The second International Teacher Educator Conference will be held in the city from March 3 to 5 at HICC. The event, organized by the British Council, will have around 1000 delegates and speakers from over 12 countries. The conference is aimed at assessing and evaluating English language teacher education, teaching and learning.Alison Barrett, head English Partnerships, British Council, said, \"The teacher educators are often neglected in the system. This conference will help professional development among English teacher educators. Last time we had around 650 delegates and speakers from 17 countries participating in the event. This year, we are expecting 1000 private and public sector English language teacher educators to participate.\"So far, around 350 to 400 people have registered for the conference from around 12 countries. The British Council will sponsor around 100 teacher educators from across the country to participate in the event. The event, jointly organized by British Council, English and Foreign Languages University (EFLU), English Language Teacher's Association of India (ELTAI) and International Association of Teachers of English and Foreign Language (IATEFL), will also be webcast on the British Council website.A publication of 21 selected extracts from the first conference will be distributed through various organisations and a soft copy will be made available on the British Council website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "agstyamuni (kedar valley)", "code": "11623614", "title": "Uttarakhand polls: Survey a shot in Khanduri\u2019s arm", "text": "AGSTYAMUNI (KEDAR VALLEY): Tuesday morning Uttarakhand woke up to a pre-poll survey giving BJP an edge and another term. If excitement was missing from the campaign, here was the one BJP was waiting for and Congress could have done without.In just over an hour, the survey became part of CM BC Khanduri's discourse. Across meetings in Gairsen, Karn Prayag and Ghansali, Khanduri was exhorting people to give the party more than 40 seats. Till the other day, BJP was talking of giving Congress a fight. Speaking to TOI, Kandhuri hid his exuberance but there was confidence in his voice. He said the survey would draw out party cadre to work hard in the days ahead.Khanduri did not talk of the survey till asked about a flaw in it, especially the fact that BSP and Uttarakhand Kranti Dal, which have eight and three seats in the assembly, were relegated in the others category with just two seats. \"I don't know,\" the CM said with a shrug. In Gopeshwar, excitement on the survey began within minutes of Khanduri's public rally. The market was abuzz with news of BJP sweeping the state. Raju Bhandari, Congress candidate from a constituency in Gopeshwar, dismissed the survey as a BJP ploy. \"Instead of relying on such manufactured surveys, BJP should do a doorto-door survey seeking votes. People are fed with their government,\" he said.Talking to people at Khanduri's public meeting in Karnprayag showed that the survey hadn't cut much ice with voters. \"Should we just change our mind just because a survey says so,\" said a 65-year-old Phani Ram, a proud ex-grenadier .Three senior BJP workers who travelled with reporters from Gopeshwar to Gairsen conceded that the survey had come as a surprise and there were questions. \"Politically it could turn us complacent,\" said one of them. While another got into constituency-wise analysis and found that the only way BJP could sweep the stakes was by doing extremely well in Kumaon. Rebel candidates, a constant headache for Congress and BJP, are going to spring many surprises.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11623823", "title": "Man gets life term for killing sister", "text": "KANPUR: Dhan was held guilty of murdering his sister by additional district and sessions judge Mushir Ahmad Abbasi on Tuesday and punished on the evidence given by his younger brother and sister. He was imprisoned for life. A fine of Rs10,000 was also imposed on him.The judge observed that there were circumstantial evidence and evidence of child witnesses could not be ignored. It indicated that Ram Dhan had killed his sister Raj Bala on November 27, 2009. His father Rameshwar Das, an employee of COD, lodged a complaint in this regard. Rameshwar married Poornima, a resident of Madarbari in Assam. Poornima has a son Ram Dhan and a daughter Rani Bala at the time of her second marriage. She bore two more kids from second marriage with Rameshwar.Ram Dhan, who had been selected for Indian Army, had a tiff with his sister Rani Bala over wearing a sari. He had threatened to kill her on November 27, 2009 around 8 pm. Rameshwar Das and Poornima left the house on that night to attend a function. Around midnight, when the couple returned, they found Rani Bala lying in a pool of blood and a knife was lying near her body.Rameshwar was declared hostile during the evidence. His four years old son Raj Karan told the court that a dispute had taken place between Dhan Bhaiyya and Rani Didi. Thereafter he slept. When he woke, he found Rani Didi in lying in blood and Dhan Bhaiyya was not in the house. His eleder sister Ganga also narrated the same story. The court punished Ram Dhan with life imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11623152", "title": "'Shakespeare did not write Shakespeare' is a conspiracy", "text": "JAIPUR: The debate whether Shakespeare penned his works or not might continue endlessly but biographer and scholar James Shapiro has little doubt. The whole 'Shakespeare did not write Shakespeare' is a conspiracy which nobody would be able to resolve, believes Shapiro.\"It is a matter of faith,\" he said, speaking at the session whose name was inspired by one of his books 'Contested Will: Who wrote Shakespeare?' on the final day of the Jaipur Literature Festival.He at the session attempted to explain when and why so many people began to question the authenticity of his authorship.According to him, it started with an 18{+t}{+h} century American writer Delia Bacon, who was facing embarrassment in public due to her love affair and wanted to create a bigger uproar by challenging Shakespeare's authorship. \"She was out to salvage her own reputation by creating a larger controversy but then that gathered momentum,'' he said.The biographer remarked what made Shakespeare the greatest artist of his time was the fact that he was a spectacular listener. \"Shakespeare was the best listener ever and remembered well what he heard. He obviously had not done it all or been to all places he wrote about but he listened seriously. That makes his work timeless and universal,\" he said. He pointed out that centuries after the works were written, different cultures still find relevance in them.\"The Globe Theatre in London has 26 plays of Shakespeare in 36 different languages. The playing field has now been levelled and just about everybody, all cultures and societies find relevance in his writings. There are several people in India who understand Twelfth Night better than I do,'' he elaborated further.Shapiro argued how reading or studying the great dramatist's works does not give an insight into his personal life. \"What is of importance is his works, what he shared with us. As a biographer, I was more interested in what type of a creative artist he was and what nurtured his creativity?\" he said, adding the most finest years in terms of his works were his primary focus.Shapiro was introduced by William Dalrymple and both the authors agreed that very little was known about Shakespeare as a person. \"Personal information about the authors of the era has not survived. The great fire of 1666 at London also destroyed several documents,\" said Shapiro. A major part of information gathered by him came through legal documents when Shakespeare was sued in two incidents for something. \"Thank God for the legal trails,\" said Shapiro, on a lighter note.Giving an insight into Shakespeare's world from 1599 to 1606, Shapiro says the playwright, in many ways, was a lucky man. \"He knew how to take things to the edge and say stuff in a way so to not upset the authorities. He had little competition and was able to catch the anxieties of English men and women perfectly,\" he explained. He admitted having no idea about Shakespeare personally being depressed, since he was writing about the depressed, mad people and wrote not many cheerful plays around 1606-07.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11629897", "title": "European Union warship rescues Indian dhow, mariners from pirates", "text": "NEW DELHI: A European Union warship rescued an Indian dhow and 15 mariners from the captivity of Somali pirates after a three-day action in the high seas recently.On January 17, the EU NAVFOR warship FGS Luebeck located an India registered dhow which was used as a pirate mother- ship to target a Dutch merchant vessel, MV Flintstone, earlier on the same day.\"A Dutch Vessel Protection Detachment (VPD) stationed on MV Flintstone had repelled the attack following a gun-fight and forced the pirate skiffs to retreat back to the mother ship,\" a EU NAVFOR Public Affairs Office release said.Having positively identified the dhow, attack skiffs and other pirate paraphernalia on its deck, FSG Luebeck approached it and asked it to comply via radio messages.Sustained pressure was applied to the dhow through the presence of FGS Luebeck including direct shots fired into its bow and use of helicopter to neutralise the attack skiffs secured on the upper deck, said the release.During the night of January 19, the EU warship established control of the situation to allow another merchant ship ME Enrico Ievoli to rendezvous with the Indian dhow.An Italian tanker- MV Enrico Ievoli was hijacked by in December last year.FGS Luebeck successfully supervised transfer of an injured pirate from the dhow to the Italian tanker after which it took its control and secured release of the crew members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11622922", "title": "Bangalore may steal BioAsia show", "text": "HYDERABAD: No sooner had the Andhra Pradesh (AP) government managed a face-saver at the recently concluded Partnership Summit 2012 with claims that the state had bagged Rs 6.47 lakh crore worth of investment proposals, than it now finds itself struggling to put up a decent show at the upcoming big-ticket BioAsia 2012 show.The reasonThe competition for the annual mega biotech and pharma industry event is brewing close to home, with next door neighbour Karnataka laying an ambush. Not only has Karnataka advanced its Bangalore Bio India event too close to AP's comfort this year, its event will be held just prior to BioAsia.While BioAsia 2012 is to be held in Hyderabad from February 9 to 11, 2012, Bangalore Bio India 2012 is now being held from February 6 to 8, 2012, in Bangalore. Last year the Bangalore Bio event was held in May. Both the states have been organizing these events over the past few years, with Karnataka now into the 12th edition of the event, while AP has conducted eight such annual events.Karnataka's attempts to upstage BioAsia is giving the AP government officials sleepless nights. Not only is the AP government worried over the response as fatigued participants may give BioAsia 2012 a miss, they are also concerned that AP may just be left with Karnataka's leftovers as far as investment proposals go, sources point out.State industries department officials say that since Karnataka is organizing Bangalore Bio three days prior to BioAsia and will wind up only a day before BioAsia begins, the biggest impact would be felt on the number of participants. The other major concern of course is that most investors and global pharma giants may sign up with the Karnataka government at Bangalore Bio leaving nothing for AP, pointed out an official.\"Whenever AP conducts BioAsia, pharma companies from other states like Maharastra, Gujarat, Chhattisgarh, Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Uttaranchal participate, especially in the buyer-seller meets between importers and exporters. Now some of these pharma companies may prefer to enroll for the Bangalore Bio India,\" admitted a senior official of Pharmexcil, which along with the Federation of Asian Biotech Association is organizing BioAsia 2012. Karnataka's aggressive moves have sent the AP government into such a tizzy that it has now directed the BioAsia organizers to ensure that the mega event does not become a flop.According to official estimates, last year's BioAsia event had seen participation from 468 national and international firms with investments worth around Rs 3,000 crore being attracted from companies like Alexandria. On the other hand, last year's edition of the Bangalore Bio India saw 450 participants.However, in a bid to downplay concerns, Federation of Asian Biotech Association executive secretary Shakti M Nagappan told TOI: \"BioAsia is not an event purely to attract investments. Investments are a small part of the event. This year we expect about 500 to 550 companies to participate.\"According to Ram Kaundinya, chairman of the agriculture group of the Association of Biotech-Led Enterprises (ABLE), which is the knowledge partner for Bangalore Bio, there would not be any impact on the Hyderabad event as participants, especially from abroad, may find it much easier to attend both events in one single visit.As part of the event, the AP government is planning to organize `bio-park' visits for participants to biotech hubs like Genome Valley at Shameerpet to showcase AP's bio-tech and pharma prowess and attract investors.The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has also earmarked about 200 acres near BITS for developing 'MedTech valley' for firms manufacturing medical devices, which will also be pitched to investors.The other highlight will be the international buyer-seller event where Indian pharma companies ink export and import agreements as well as technical and other support agreements with foreign players. The organizers of BioAsia are hoping to attract participants from North America , ASEAN, Asia excluding Middle East, Africa , CIS and LAC.Karnataka's attempts to upstage BioAsia is giving the AP government officials sleepless nights. Not only is the AP government worried over the response as fatigued participants may give BioAsia 2012 a miss, they are also concerned that AP may just be eft with Karnataka's leftovers as far as investment proposals go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "a few months ago, two citibank economists took out their long-distance glasses and decided to find the economies that would grow the fastest till 2050. willem buiter and ebrahim rahbari came up with 11 names", "code": "11623384", "title": "Republic Day: Superpower in the making?", "text": "A few months ago, two Citibank economists took out their long-distance glasses and decided to find the economies that would grow the fastest till 2050. Willem Buiter and Ebrahim Rahbari came up with 11 names: unsurprisingly, India and China figured in the list. Surprisingly , Brazil and Russia didn't .Despite the long faces in New Delhi and Mumbai in recent months, India's prospects in the longer term look rather bright. Think of this: India will add 10 million new workers to its population - equal to the entire population of Portugal - each year, till 2025. China won't , thanks to its draconian 30-year old one-child policy.Younger workers entering the job market means a constant churn of new skills, ideas and energy. It also means large jumps in savings, which can then be ploughed back into investment. Today, Indians save more than a third of their income, making them among the highest savers in the world. A growing, productive workforce can only add to that number.But just adding new hands to the workforce won't help. The government has to make sure that kids get a good education at schools and colleges. This will need money, but more importantly, some checks to make sure that schools actually get built and teachers do their job properly. By 2007-08 , more than 82% of the world's population was literate. In India, the number is 67%.The overall number hides large disparities : 82% of Christians, equal to the global average, are literate; Muslims lag behind, with only 63% being literate. There are large variations along caste lines as well: only 59% of tribals are literate and at 60.5% scheduled castes also lag pan-India literacy numbers. Women, whatever their religion or caste, fare worse than men.So, just pumping in money and sarkari schemes after education won't suffice. Governments and progressive politicians will have to chip away at deep-seated social and religious prejudices.A healthy workforce is a productive workforce. India's state-led healthcare system is tottering. Data like the number of new hospital beds added in every state hide the reality of large-scale graft, nonexistent infrastructure, spurious drugs and abysmal healthcare management.To find out which states have the worst public healthcare systems, you just haveto see the list of states where over 80% of the spending on healthcare goes to private hospitals , clinics and doctors. The list includes Andhra Pradesh, Bengal, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and India's largest state, Uttar Pradesh.Only 11% of India's population has any kind of insurance, so it's easy to understand why for a poor family, a debilitating disease affecting an earning member can be a financial disaster. Just like we saw with education, across nearly all health parameters , Muslims, backward classes and women fare worse than other Indians.Things are slowly looking up: a scheme launched by UPA-1 in 2005 to beef up rural health services has led to more than 100,000 new healthcare workers entering the system after 15 years of stagnation. States like Assam have come up with innovative ideas to train paramedics and give them incentives to work in villages, rather than open clinics in towns.A scheme to give cash to village women who deliver babies in hospitals, rather than at home has mixed results: hospital births have gone up, as have allegations of largescale skimming from the funds.World Bank economist Ejaz Ghani has pointed to several factors, including the size of India's middle class, the improving quality of local government and regional stability that could boost incomes till 2025. By that year, he reckons that the size of India's middle class, now around 60 million, would grow to a billion people. Consumption will grow, poverty will drop sharply.For the first time all the countries around India apart from China, have elected governments. This is a huge positive for a neighbourhood that even now, is the least interconnected region of the world.The eight northeastern states of India are not only landlocked, but locked away from mainstream public imagination. That's a pity, because northeasterners are among India's best-educated and healthy people. We need more roads, airports and rail routes to connect the region to mainland investors, markets and opportunities.During WW II, American General Joe 'Vinegar' Stilwell constructed a road connecting Assam, Burma and China's Yunnan province. With a reformist government in Burma now, India should open up overland routes from Nagaland and Manipur as important trade and tourism highways. With railways running alongside, the northeast can become India's trading hub with China and all of east Asia.We crib about the shortage of electricity in India, but forget that many projects which started a few years ago, will come on stream soon. By the end of this year, more than 16,000 megawatts of new electricity capacity will come on line. More will come on stream through the next few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11624493", "title": "Symbiosis student robbed", "text": "PUNE: A 24-yearold student of mangement Saurabh Kandpile from the Symbiosis Institute of Management Science located at Range Hills was a l l e g e d l y robbed of Rs 60,000 by three unidentified suspects.The crime happened near his hostel at Balbharti on Senapati Bapat Road on Sunday night. The victim had returned from Dhankawadi around 9.30 pm at night in an autorickshaw and was walking towards his hostel when the incident of theft occured.Three suspects between the age group of 23 and 32, attacked Kandpile. The three unidentified suspects forcibly took Rs 2,000, debit card, gold chain and ring amounting to Rs 60,000 and fled the spot.Kandpile has registered a complaint of robbery and criminal intimidation under the Indian Penal Code with the Deccan Gymkhana police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11622753", "title": "Maoist squad member arrested in Malda", "text": "MALDA: Md Khaleque alias Bablu, reportedly a close aide of Kishanji and Aakash, was arrested from village Khokra near Harishchandrapur on Tuesday morning. Police were on the lookout for Bablu for the past three days. He will be produced in Suri court after two days.CPM supporter Sridam Das, 49, of Dubrajpur was killed on April 22 of 2008. A member of Khayrashol Tantipara Local Committee, Das, a teacher, was on his way to school when he was attacked by three miscreants. They came on a motorcycle and shot him down. While leaving the spot they left some leaflets behind which claimed Das was an agent of police. Primary school teacher and CPM leader Nandalal Mistri, 53, of village Rajnagar, at Jharkhand border of Birbhum was murdered on September 22. Bablu was reportedly the prime suspect in both these cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623196", "title": "Republic Day: Let's believe in India", "text": "I have seen three Indias in my life. The first one was the country of my childhood - a nation ruled by a foreign colonial power. It was a country struggling for independence . That country had a vision for independence which was led by great mass leaders like Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru .After we got independence in 1947, I witnessed another India. That India was independent but it still strived for recognition as it recuperated from the injustices of the colonial rule that lasted for more than a century. It was an India of hopes and dreams. It was an India that dreamt of having self-sufficiency in food, a strong economy and a position of respect in the international arena, which it really deserved. Many leaders, scientists, servicemen and social reformers worked very hard to build the newly independent nation through economic development coupled with social equity and democracy.Then I saw the third phase of India, an era which belongs to present-day youth. Now, India is a land of opportunities, growth at previously unimaginable rates, a strong workforce and technological leadership . Six decades back, few would have dared to imagine that a nation of such diversity - often termed by some as an experiment in democracy - would eventually find its place amongst the top economies of the world. Who would have imagined that one day India would have worldclass educational institutions and it would be the first country to discover water on the lunar surface.The three Indias I have lived in and witnessed are quite different from each other. We have come a long way since 1950, when we became a republic. Of course, there are still many important issues such as poverty , illiteracy and corruption that need to be addressed.The Indian economy was growing at an average of 9% per annum till 2008. In 2009-10 , our economy was affected by global economic turbulence, but still it managed to grow at more than 7% at a time when many other countries were facing recession . Even in the last quarter of 2011, with the economic scenario in the US and Europe looking quite bleak, India grew at 7%. In the present circumstances, I often ask myself what type of innovation is needed to enrich the Indian economy and make other world economies better. I have been talking about this important issue with many experts including those from the Indian Institutes of Management.On the basis of these discussions, I believe that our economy will not be affected by the current financial crisis. India will escape this turbulence because of the following reasons:The liberalization process in India has its checks and balances which are consistent with the unique social requirements of the countryThe Indian banking system has always been conservative which has protected from the global crisis The Indian psyche is generally savings oriented and living within one's means is part of our mindset The purchasing power of the 350-millionstrong Indian middle class While developed nations are in turmoil, in India sectors such automobile, cement and financial services have been posting significant gains. We have reached a level of development where innovation has become part of our thinking. Now we need to apply this thinking to rejuvenate the agricultural sector. It's time to make value addition to the agriculture sector and to small- and mediumscale industries and enterprises so that they can all make greater contribution to India's growing GDP.I foresee tremendous possibilities for creating new markets and jobs. This can be done by tapping the potential of the rural population and by creating more employment in the countryside. There is huge potential for what I call public-private-citizen (PPC) partnerships and international cooperation in these areas.India's performance in information technology, pharmaceuticals, small-scale industries and infrastructure has given a new dimension to our economy. With a credible legal framework , robust banking and financial system, skilled manpower and a dynamic 600-million-strong workforce , India has become an attractive proposition for the global order.At the domestic level, India is focusing on bringing sustainable development to its people through rural and urban infrastructure , quality education, healthcare, environmental upgradation, efficiency in public institutions for better and enhanced delivery of essential services on time, reforms in the financial system for better global integration and a proactive regulatory system.All this is critical to India becoming a truly global player. More than 60 years of democratic vibrancy - which has provided good leadership to the nation -- gives us confidence to manage socio-economic turbulence. It also helps us in providing leadership to 1.2 billion people in a democratic , multicultural, multi-linguistic and multi-religious environment.With such a positive outlook, here is how I visualize India in the year 2020. Eight years from now, India will be a nation, where The rural-urban divide is reduced to a thin line There is equitable distribution and adequate access to energy and quality water Agriculture, industry and service sectors work together in symphony Education is not denied to any meritorious candidate because of social or economic discrimination(The writer was President of India from 2002 to 2007. He is the author of 'India 2020: A Vision for the New Millennium')", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11624305", "title": "Obstetrics &amp; gynaecology meet begins tomorrow at BHU", "text": "VARANASI: The 55th All India Congress of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (AICOG-2012) will be organised from January 26 to 30 at Banaras Hindu University in the city.A wide ranging programmes and events focusing on 'reproductive women and child health' would be held during the meet.Over hundred experts from across the world will participate in eleven workshops.A total of around 10,000 participants are likely to participate in the mega event, said Dr Vibha Mishra, organising chairperson of the event on Tuesday.Experts will hold discussions on issues like high maternal mortality ratio (MMR) particularly in east UP region.A separate workshop on key health issues affecting women of reproductive age, like anaemia and intra-uterine devices (IUDs) for family planning, is also in the pipeline.\"We are deeply concerned with alarmingly high MMR in east UP region that is 400 per one lakh live births,\" added Dr Mishra.Experts will also highlight recent advances in obstetrics and gynaecological surgeries, as a total of 18 live surgeries would be organised on the inaugural day.In addition, efforts are being made to display robotic surgery that would be watched by a number of participants live from the operation theatre.The other highlights of the five-day programme include hosting of scientific exhibitions, Meena Bazaar and special Banaras Bazaar, promoting live interaction and sharing of knowledge.Noted expert and president elect 2012, FIGO, Dr Arul Kumaran would inaugurate the event.Other senior office bearers - Dr P K Shah and Dr P C Mohapatra - would be also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622208", "title": "Only 70 sniffer dogs in city to ensure security", "text": "MUMBAI: For a city teeming with a population of 1.24 crore population, the number of sniffer dogs pressed into service by various security agencies is an abysmally low 70. Data accessed through the Right to Information Act showed the severe shortage of canines used for tracking offenders and sniffing out explosives and narcotics. Annually, the expenses on dogs run up to Rs 40 lakh collectively-for their diet, medicine and upkeep, the statistics showed.Overseas, sniffer dogs are being used in fields such as arson detection, underground cable leaks detection, crowd control and detection of hides and bones for wildlife preservation . But canine teams in Mumbai are yet to be introduced to these fields due to their limited numbers. Of the 70 canines in service, only 21 belong to the police force-18 with the bomb detection and disposal squad (BDDS) and three with the crime branch. A 2008 report by a committee appointed by the ministry of home affairs (MHA) on augmentation of police dogs states that Mumbai needs at least 78 police dogs. At railway stations, the report says that two explosive sniffer dogs should be a norm for every eight trains leaving from a station . Sniffer dogs start training at the age of six months and are inducted into service by the time they are nine months old.\"At least 500 pups need to be trained in Mumbai every year, states the MHA report. But all security agencies do not have a facility for dog training. Both the airport Customs and RPF send their canines to the BSF academy at Madhya Pradesh for training,\" says RTI activist Chetan Kothari who procured the data.The Customs' team of four labradors has solved an average of nine cases per dog since their induction, statistics show. Comparatively, the crime branch's canine team has only two tracking cases solved per dog in the past three years. A crime branch official, however, said tracking cases are very different from narcotics cases. \"In a narcotics case, the detection is immediate. The dog gives a signal, showing the source of the smell, if it sniffs the presence of drugs in baggage. In a tracking case, the dog picks up the scent of the offender from any article used by him and leads the handler to the culprit's direction. The police use this lead and add scientific investigation techniques to it to finally nab the culprit.Our dogs have shown us the direction taken by the culprit in 100 to 150 cases in three years,\" the official said.Though they have been producing results, The Customs' dog team is grossly understaffed. The MHA report says Mumbai airport , being one of the busiest, needs 56 canines. The BDDS could also do with more. , with a slew of bomb calls keeping them busy. The all-labrador team has a vacancy of six dogs.\"Our dogs have a lot of workload. But we have not noticed any failure,\" said addl commissioner Madhukar Pandey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11624043", "title": "Court advises caution while seeking foreign documents", "text": "MUMBAI: Before writing to a foreign authority, the court must be sure of the legal position, the Bombay HC said while seeking to know under which law a request could be sent to the consulate general of Singapore to acquire documents on the alleged citizenship of NCP MP Supriya Sule .Justice J H Bhatia was hearing an application by Sule's opponent Mrunalini Kakade for summoning Mahendra Muthusamy, councillor officer of the Singapore consulate in Mumbai, for oral evidence and production of documents supporting Sule's citizenship there. The HC is hearing Kakade's petition challenging Sule's election, alleging she is a Singapore resident as she had immovable properties. Justice Bhatia asked Kakade's advocate Vaibhav Parshurami to state under which law the court can issue a letter of request.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622615", "title": "New Narendra Nagar ROB plan causing delay", "text": "NAGPUR: The Narendra Nagar road overbridge (ROB) would have been opened by now had not Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation altered original sanctioned plan on its own.As per original plan sanctioned in 1988, the 1.264 km ROB was to connect with ring road near Narendra Nagar fire station. It now connects with the ring road some 200 metres away from the fire station. This has necessitated MSRDC acquiring more land and got the opening of bridge mired in legal dispute.The extra land to be acquired belongs to Marotrao Kumbalkar who had earlier parted with 150 sq metres land for the project. However, now he is not ready to give the extra land and has approached the state government and high court for intervention. Maps made available to TOI by Kumbalkar indicate that MSRDC had changed the original plan.He pointed out that demarcation of land was done by national highway division of PWD as per sanctioned alignment. The department had even erected barbed wire fencing to avoid the encroachment. \"During execution of work, this alignment was changed by the officials and now they require additional land from my plot,\" he claimed. Kumbalkar claimed the original plan was ignored to avoid construction of a bridge on a nullah on the way.Kumbalkar has also lodged a complaint with the MSRDC chief engineer in Mumbai and the office instructed local officials to strictly follow the sanctioned plan. \"The MSRDC should ensure that the approach road was within the land originally acquired. If necessary, the demarcation should be reconfirmed through revenue authorities,\" he said. Kumbalkar also alleged that MSRDC failed to carry out joint inspections by City Survey, PWD and MSRDC engineers, alleged Kumbalkar.MSRDC officials agree that the alignment was changed but maintained that they had followed all norms. Superintending engineer Jeevan Nikose said that the corporation had full authority to change the plan if needed and claimed that revised plan too had approvals from competent authorities.He did not explain why the original alignment needed to be changed. He also refused to reveal whether MSRDC had started the process to acquire land from Kumbalkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11623064", "title": "Crime in city on the rise", "text": "NASHIK: The Grape City of India may soon leave a bitter taste for its citizens as the soaring crime graph pushes Nashik to the top of the criminal index with petty thefts and burglaries on the rise over the past one year, while detection rates have shown a downward trend.The 2011 statistics clearly shows that despite various preventive actions by the police, incidents of house break-ins, vehicle thefts, chain-snatching and burglaries have continued.Though on paper, incidents of house break-ins have been seeing a drop from 2009, but what is alarming is the detection rate, which is mere 21 per cent. Similar is the case with burglaries, with only 19 per cent of the 2,095 reported cases being detected.The police have blamed the citizens for making things easier for the criminals by keeping huge amount of cash and jewellery at homes. Assistant commissioner of police Ganesh Shinde said people keep keys to close to the safes or even leave them open.Police also blame gangs from outside the city for the spate of burglaries. They cited these gangs for not being able to detect the crimes, as they are not in the record books of the city police.Vehicle thefts and chain-snatchings have also bothered the police. In 2011, as many as 1,079 cases of vehicle thefts were reported from the city, with the police managing to trace mere 19 per cent of it.Rishikesh Chaudhary, a college student of Nashik Road, says, \"If the police really want to improve the situation, they can hit the streets in full force and check documents of each and every vehicle on the street. But this does not happen. Various drives are conducted only for namesake.\"The police contend that most of the vehicles that are stolen are sold in the rural parts of the district. and they are kept hidden fearing the police would ask for its papers, while the people have purchased the vehicles without them.As for chain-snatching incidents, of the 274 cases reported, the police could detect only 71.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Sahebrao Patil claimed that the detection rate of Nashik city was much better compared to other cities in the state. He said 95 per cent of the murders committed in the city have been detected, while when it comes to attempt to murder cases, the rate is 100 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11623285", "title": "Interstate vehicle-theft ring busted, 3 arrested", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh police on Sunday busted an interstate vehicle-theft ring with the arrest of three thieves from Assam. A stolen vehicle was also recovered from their possession. A police team led by sub-inspector Lijum Bagra, officer in-charge of Doimukh police station, arrested the three in Charajuli village in Assam's North Lakhimpur district.The arrested thieves include Mohammad Esarrudin and Mohammad Pokar Ali of Birju village in Lakhimpur district and Mohammad Ranjan Ali of Gohpur in Assam's Sonitpur district. The recovered vehicle, bearing an Arunachal Pradesh registration number, belongs to Tana Rekhi Tara, deputy manager of North East Electrical Power Corporation ( NEEPCO), sources said.Nabam Gungte, Papum Pare SP said: \"The three thieves had returned from Dimapur after fixing a deal for the stolen vehicle with their team members in Nagaland when we arrested them. A case has been registered and investigation launched.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622388", "title": "Court rejects Suretech hospital plea", "text": "NAGPUR: District and sessions judge on Tuesday rejected the plea filed by Suretech Hospital director Dr Raju Deshmukh to allow the hospital to operate sonography machine sealed by NMC health department.NMC health official said that Dr Deshmukh had challenged NMC's move to seal the machine on January 19.On December 11 last year, a team of NMC health department had sealed the sonography unit at the hospital for breach of terms of licence.Sources said a team headed by officiating deputy director (health) Dr Savita Meshram had conducted a surprise visit of the hospital. It found that the hospital had failed to maintain records of patients who had undergone sonography test.The court while rejecting the plea observed that removing NMC's seal may lead to misuse of sonography machine for sex determination test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11616642", "title": "Priyanka imitates Vidya Balan", "text": "Priyanka Chopra known for her funny imitation of actors didn't spare Vidya Balan this time around.Priyanka Chopra is one funny mimic. We liked the way PC imitated Kareena Kapoor's act from Golmaal, Shah Rukh Khan's from My Name is Khan and Salman's from Dabangg in an award show last year.Priyanka ensured she was as entertaining a presenter for the 'Best Film' category as the famous spoof players Riteish Deshmukh and Boman Irani.This year for the same award function, Priyanka has apparently aped none other than Vidya Balan!Onlookers informed, \"Priyanka and Shah Rukh posed as Vidya and Naseeruddin Shah from Dirty Picture. Vidya wore the same pink outfit of Vidya's from oo la la and danced just like her. What made everyone laugh was Priyanka's overnight weight gain! She stuffed herself to look fat on stage, like Silk Smitha!\"Spoofing nominees is not a new trend. Saif and Shah Rukh started it. Ranbir and Imran have done the same for Filmfare.Wonder how will Vidya's fans react to this act of Priyanka's though!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11621187", "title": "Cops bust scam at ayurvedic clinics", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hundreds walked in every month in these ayurvedic clinics with high hopes of burning some fat or leaving behind their addiction. In return of high fees, doctors handed them packets of medicines to be taken over the course of weeks with a strict advisory.However, Gujarat Food and Drug Control Administration (FDCA) officials bust the illicit practices at these clinics in the last one week. Officials have seized around Rs 15 lakh worth of allopathic drugs, which the doctors were passing on as ayurvedic, from a slimming centre and three addiction centres in the city.But leave apart burning the fat or kicking an addiction, the drugs in fact increase the risk of heart attack or a serious fatal ailment when consumed regularly. On Monday, FDCA officials raided a slimming clinic 'Obe2slim' at Iscon Centre, Shivranjani crossroads, and seized allopathic drugs worth Rs 3.6 lakh.\"Dr Nimish Bamta who was running the clinic was giving her patients allopathic medicines instead of ayurvedic ones. During the search, we found that he purchased 'Metformin' and 'Olistate' tablets from the market and packed them in bottles with his clinic sticker. He charged Rs 3,500 for a two-month course and the drugs were actually routine obesity drugs, which slow down fat absorption and reduce hunger and are available for Rs 500 in the market,\" said H G Koshia, state commissioner, FDCA.In another operation on Friday, FDCA officials raided two ayurvedic clinics selling combination of allopathic and ayurvedic drugs for various aliments.During the raid, 1,600 pouches of drugs without any label addressing ailments like diabetes , joint pain and de-addiction worth Rs 10.3 lakh were seized. The clinic cum de-addiction centres at Drive-in and Bapunagar were run by ayurvedic doctors Raman Patel and associate Arpita Shah. The duo were found to be giving away drugs of questionable standards in a sealed pouch.\"Preliminary reports suggest they were giving prescription only drug - Disulfiram - for those coming for kicking alcohol addiction. The drug actually causes unwanted and unpleasant effects when consumed with alcohol, fear of which is meant to condition the patients to avoid consumption of liquor. But the drug can have dangerous side effects like vomiting, flushing, headache , abdominal pain and if administered carelessly, even heart attack,\" said Koshia.FDCA has booked a case under Drugs and Cosmetics (D&C;) Act against the doctors and the drug samples have been sent for testing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622467", "title": "'By what law, papers can be sought from foreign officials'", "text": "MUMBAI: Before writing to a foreign authority, the court must be sure of the legal position, the Bombay High Court said on Tuesday while seeking to know under which law, a request could be sent to the consulate general of Singapore to acquire documents on the alleged citizenship of NCP MP Supriya Sule .Justice J H Bhatia was hearing an application by Sule's opponent Mrunalini Kakade who was trounced in the 2009 elections from Baramatifor summoning Mahendra Muthusamy, councillor officer of the Singapore consulate in Mumbai, for oral evidence and production of documents supporting Sule's citizenship there. The HC is hearing Kakade's petition challenging Sule's election, alleging she is a Singapore resident as she had immovable properties. and so, she should be disqualification.Justice Bhatia asked Kakade's advocate Vaibhav Parshurami to state under which law, the court can issue a letter of request, seeking the papers. \"The respect and dignity of the judicial system of the country is also involved,\" said Justice Bhatia, adding that while issuing such a letter of request, the court has to be careful. He also asked Parshurami to specifically state the documents that were required to be produced.Kakade who was cross-examined by Sule's advocate Mohan Jaykar told the court that other than what she had stated and annexed to her petition, she had no documentary evidence to back her information that Sule had immovable properties in Singapore. The matter will be next heard on January 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11623948", "title": "Liquor supply muzzled, rates go up in Punjab", "text": "LUDHIANA: While the EC has been saying 'cheers' to democracy by tightening its screws on free flow of liquor in poll-bound Punjab, there was more despairing news for liquor guzzling individuals on Tuesday.The liquor prices in some parts of the state have started heading north, dashing the 'spirits' of regular drinkers, ever since vend owners were told on Tuesday that the supply was being curtailed till February 1.\"Today we received the last supply of this month, because with January 26 as dry day and then the state heading towards another three day of poll-related liquor shutdown, we are not going to get any more supply till February 1,\" a liquor vend owner told TOI in Ludhiana.\"For the last few days, ever since EC started confiscating liquor in large quantities, I have been paying Rs 10 extra for my favourite bottle of rum. Now, the prices will shoot up during the next two days, since there is no more supply coming for next one week,\" Amarpal Singh, a regular customer at the vend despaired while stocking up for the coming few days.In Sangrur, vend owners hoped that they would get a day's supply more on Wednesday, \"the prices are going to be hiked thereafter\", said one of them on Sangrur- Malerkotla road.This comes a day after the EC caught a massive haul of 36,000 bottles from Abohar. Another 800 bottles were added to the kitty from Jalandhar on Tuesday. The illicit liquor haul got an addition of 79,70,46,818ml.Those would also be no succour for those who were looking forward to the weekend full of marriage parties where liquor would have flowed like water. After EC's ban, liquor wouldn't be allowed to be served at the marriage parties scheduled from January 27 to January 30. \"There is no law in the country which says that liquor has to be served during marriages,\" EC official Gurkirat Kirpal Singh commented when asked about requests from marriage palace owners to allow them to serve liquor. \"The ban will stay,\" he stated.(with inputs from Neel Kamal in Sangrur)Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11624287", "title": "Thousands in Bangalore lose their right to vote", "text": "BANGALORE: The Election Commission of India is celebrating the National Voters' Day on Wednesday, asking voters to take a pledge that they will exercise their franchise in every election without fail. But in Bangalore, 14 lakh names have been struck off the electoral rolls.Officials of the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP), which is tasked with preparing the electoral rolls, said the names were deleted in a 2011 revision because the voters failed to provide their photographs despite reminders.BBMP commissioner M K Shankarlinge Gowda told TOI that a good number of genuine voters might have suffered in the \"cleansing drive\". He didn't risk quantifying the number. The failure to provide photographs, he said, could be a result of voters' migration or change of address. The names were struck off upon verification.But another civic official, who didn't want to be named, admitted that the BBMP's failure to maintain a proper database may be a key contributing factor. The BBMP lacks an efficient network or doesn't have presence in several areas where volunteers distributed and collected voter applications.Shilpa Hegde, a bank employee, said, \"I submitted my voter enrolment form in a Girinagar school. School authorities didn't issue an acknowledgement. Now, the website doesn't have my name.\"Pavan G S, an IT professional from JP Nagar, is puzzled about the status of his application filed six months ago. \"Applying online is better. If I do so now, I end up applying twice. Why make such a simple issue so messy?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623342", "title": "Republic Day: Two to tango", "text": "The New Year dawned on a dismal note for the stars of 2011. After dominating urban mind space for the better part of a year, Anna Hazare and his team looked confused and uncertain as they mulled over their agitation plans, having been outwitted in the battle for a Jan Lokpal bill . Was this the end of the road for the man who had made activism fashionable again, if only for the middle classes? Indeed, did his loss to the chicanery of the political class deal a body blow to civil society, now that its best known face lay bruised?It would be unwise for the political establishment to gloat over the collapse of the Jan Lokpal agitation and claim victory in the continuous tussle that marks its relationship with civil society . Whatever Team Anna's fate may be, the need for civil society has never been greater and will only grow as democracy deepens its roots to throw up searching questions about equity, accountability and governance. Political philosopher and director of the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies Rajeev Bhargava believes that the year 2020 will see more Anna-like movements and he stresses the importance of strengthening civil society. \"There is so much discontent on the ground,\" he says. \"There are radical disparities of income and power. And because people have so much access to information today, their aspirations have grown. It is important that this discontent is expressed through civil society organisations , otherwise the only recourse to people would be to go the naxal way.\"There is no universally accepted definition of the term civil society but it is widely construed to mean the \"third sector\" as distinct from government and business. It surfaced in the 20th century as democracy evolved to define the space occupied by institutions and organisations that reflected public opinion and influenced public policies. In India, the most powerful example of the assertion of civil society is the national movement through which Gandhi mobilised public opinion to oust a colonial administration.The legacy continues even today, as Bhargava points out, and certainly, the last few years have seen activism flourish and multiply, whether in lie-in protests by tribals against the Posco steel plant in Orissa or in anti-nuclear power agitations in Kudankoolam and Jaitapur. All over the country, small activist groups are pushing and prodding the system to demand greater transparency and people's participation in decision-making on issues that affect them.Much of the current activism stems from a growing feeling that the country's political and governance structures do not adequately represent or reflect people's problems and aspirations. While National Advisory Council member Harsh Mander highlights the manner in which the concerns of the poor get distorted by the priorities of electoral politics, the Anna movement crystallised the resentment simmering in the urban middle class against a corrupt and uncaring political elite. Clearly, there is need for change. But change can only come through public debate and discourse with civil society organisations serving as the interface between the ruling class and the people.This is the backdrop against which the future trajectory of civil society must be analysed. It is obvious that activism will increase. The question is: will it transform itself into a movement for real change? The answer lies in the extent to which civil society organisations and the political elite are willing to engage with each other. Historically, they have been at odds, each suspicious of the other. Anna's refusal to allow politicians to share his dais reflects the ingrained hostility among civil society activists for politicians. Yet, just like Anna should have carried Parliament with him through persuasion instead of confrontation if he wanted a strong anti-corruption mechanism, civil society groups will have to overcome their distaste and be ready to interact creatively with the ruling elite if they truly want to make a difference.By the time 2020 rolls around, this is hopefully where civil society will be. And the expectation was expressed by none other than activist physician Binayak Sen , now a household name as a victim of state abuse. Delivering the N P Sen memorial lecture in the capital recently, he said, \"We cannot outsource democracy to a set of people who are elected every five years. Democracy in the form of electoral politics must go together with democracy in the form of people's participation in governance. Answers to problems of governance have to be found through the process of social mobilisation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11622696", "title": "CPI reiterates demand to suspend Deori tehsildar", "text": "GONDIA: Communist Party of India, Gondia unit, has reiterated its demand to suspend tehsildar of Naxal-infested Deori Dilip Fulsunge. In a memorandum submitted to district collector on Monday, the CPI members pointed out that Fulsunge had not only paid Rs 1 lakh ransom to the banned Naxal outfit but had also officially accepted their stand.It may be recalled that an imposter posing as Naxal was nabbed by Gondia police on November 23, last year in Deori tehsil. During interrogation he had disclosed that he had taken money from engineers, contractors and officers, including tehsildar Fulsunge. Later, Fulsunge too admitted to have paid ransom fearing for his family.CPI has been insisting that Fulsunge's act amounted to treachery for which he should be suspended and arrested. The party had plans to take out a morcha on the office of superintendent of police on January 23 and had given prior notice to the effect. However, following an assurance from the SP to investigate the case, the party workers submitted a memorandum demanding Fulsunge's suspension.The collector too was handed over the memorandum and granted seven days' time to initiate action. In case the administration fails to take action in the case, the party and other labour organizations have threatened to launch an indefinite agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11623473", "title": "Solid waste management project launched", "text": "COIMBATORE: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa inaugurated the Rs 96.51 crore Integrated Solid Waste Management project for the Coimbatore city municipal corporation on Tuesday. The project would be carried out in three phases under the Jawaharlal Nehru Nation Urban Renewal Mission scheme.Under the first phase of the project, the corporation would deal with procurement of push carts, household bins, tippers, skip lifters, dumper placers with road sweeping machines and refuse collector lorries' for primary collection of solid waste, said a press release from the corporation. Rs 27.58 crore has been earmarked for the first phase of the project.In the second phase, the corporation would deal with component works of solid waste management. These include construction of four waste stations to collect the waste by the corporation; transfer of municipal solid waste by the concessionaire (a private agent to be entrusted with the transport work); secondary transportation of the municipal solid waste from the stations to the processing site; construction of compost plant and sanitary landfill facility; and closure of the three old dumpsites for conversion into parks for the public use.The concessionaire will meet the operation and maintenance expenditure through the tipping fee paid by the corporation for 20 years by way of sale of compost. It is proposed to construct modern transfer stations at Peelamedu, Sathy Road, Ukkadam and Ondipudur, where waste would be segregated as bio-degradable and non-biodegradable. The segregated was would be transported to the Vellalore Compost yard. Rs 68.93 crore has been allotted for the second phase of the project.In the final stage of the project, a modern transfer station, at an estimated cost of Rs 2.50 crore for which work is already completed, will be used for handling of 200 metric tonnes of solid waste collected from the all the three zones, including west, central and south.The solid waste will be weighed and transported to Vellalore Compost yard for further processing. Besides, a transfer station to handle 125 metric tone of solid waste and a construction of 60 million litre per day capacity of sewage treatment plant in an extent of land measuring 14.34 acres belonging to private parties will be purchased through negotiation at a cost of Rs 15 crore, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623502", "title": "Republic Day: Bollywood, curry, yoga &amp; all that", "text": "In 2004, distinguished political scientist Joseph Nye's work, Soft Power -- The means to success in world politics, created a stir in the world of academia. The term, soft power, as explained in the book, showed how the hegemony of Uncle Sam went beyond military might. The Harvard professor illustrated how McDonald, Hollywood and MTV had combined to capture global mindspace for the US of A.Since then, economists and political scientists of the India Shining variety have often pitched the billion plus nation as a potential soft superpower . From the curry takeover of Britain to the global yoga industry to the Booker-winning skills of its literati -- every success story has been lauded to underline India's growing clout as a soft superpower.But undeniably, the biggest focus is always on Bollywood. Over the years, the Hindi film industry has had its share of fans in Russia , Middle-East and even parts of Africa. But in the past 15 years or so, Bollywood has been able to increasingly monetise more of that worth. According to a 2011 PriceWaterhouseCooper report , the overseas box-office is expected to grow from Rs 7.7 billion in 2010 to Rs 12.5 bn in 2015. That's at an estimated annual growth rate of 10.2%. Under the same growth rate, one might suggest, the foreign box-office could be as high as Rs 20.3 bn by 2020.Over the years, Shah Rukh Khan emerged as the emperor of the foreign market and is regarded a major star in European countries like Germany. Similarly, Akshay Kumar has a large following in Canada and Rajinikanth in Japan. In recent years, the collection of top hits has soared. 3 Idiots grossed over $10 million away from home, including $6.5 m in the USA, $3 m from South Korea and $2.9 m from Hong Kong. Fox Star Studios was able to distribute My Name is Khan across previously untapped markets such as Poland, Russia, Lebanon and Egypt and dubbed versions across Germany and Italy. My Name Is Khan grossed $2.6 m from South Korea. And despite flopping, Hrithik Roshan's Kites was shown in markets like Ghana, Lebanon , Turkey and New Zealand.Late last year Don 2 collected $3.6 m from the USA alone. Rakesh Jariwala of Ernst and Young says that apart from the diaspora from the Indian sub-continent , the local population from Germany , France, Poland and other countries are also interested in Hindi films. But it's pertinent to keep things in perspective . A telling piece of statistics underlines the point -- Avatar (2009) has grossed $2,782 m. 3 Idiots, the highest grossing film in Bollywood history, has pocketed $70 m. To sum up, India has made giant strides on its way to becoming a soft superpower . But there's still a long, long way to go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626114", "title": "Rajeev Pillai in Bollywood!", "text": "Man of the match and hero of the day Rajeev Pillai, who won the CCL match for Kerala Strikers the other day at Kochi, will soon be seen in a Bollywood movie, if all goes well. Rajeev has been offered a role in Priyadarshan's sequel to Malaamal Weekly, starring Nana Patekar and Shreyas Thalpade.\"\"But Priyadarshan sir gave me the role much before the win, says a very composed Rajeev, not at all peturbed by the sudden gush of congratulations and accolades on him. This happened at Hyderabad, where we played our first match.\"\" Ever since the Kerala team won the match on Sunday, countless people from the film fraternity has been calling me. It's great, he says. Besides Mohanlal and Mammootty who were of course, present at the game, stars like Dileep personally called him to congratulate, besides people from other fields. \"\"But at the same time, it's a bit overwhelming too. I can't guarantee that I will perform equally well in the coming games.\"\" Rajeev, a dentist turned professional model has previously acted in a Malayalam movie - City of God. The original - Maalamal Weekly, was lauded by film goers although it received poor reviews from critics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11623216", "title": "Myanmar-based ultras may disrupt Manipur polls", "text": "GUWAHATI: Union home secretary RK Singh has told Myanmar that Indian insurgent groups based in the neighbouring country were planning to create disturbances in the coming elections in Manipur, a government communique stated.The Election Commission has already urged the Centre to step up deployment of Assam Rifles and BSF in the poll-bound state.The home secretary raised the issue at the 17th national level meeting between the two countries at Nay Pyi Taw in Myanmar. \"The leader of Myanmar delegation assured that they would not allow insurgents to use its territory to for carrying out activities against its neighbour,\" the MHA communique added.While RK Singh led the Indian delegation, the Myanmarese team was headed by deputy Union home minister Brig-Gen. Kyaw Zan Myint. Both sides discussed security issues like presence of Indian insurgent groups (IIGs) along the India-Myanmar border in detail. The northeast outfits reportedly based in Myanmar include NSCN (Khaplang), Ulfa and as many as seven outfits of Manipur.\"The two sides agreed to exchange intelligence information. The leader of Indian delegation mentioned about Indian militants' camps and training facilities in Myanmar and sought the latter's help in dealing with these activities,\" the communique said.The two sides agreed to maintain close interaction between the nodal points and respective commanding officers of border guarding forces of the two countries for sharing real-time intelligence. It was agreed to establish a new border liaison office (BLO) at Ukhrul (India) and Somra (Myanmar). Singh agreed to provide the requisite communication facilities for additional BLO.To trace the recipients of arms smuggled into India, Singh requested Myanmar to share interrogation reports of arms smugglers arrested by Myanmar security forces.Election 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11622943", "title": "732 sickle cell patients found in Yavatmal district", "text": "YAVATMAL: At least 732 patients suffering from sickle cell were found in the district during the period starting December 2010 in a special drive under the National Rural Health Mission ( NRHM).District sickle cell coordinator Sulakshna Raikwar said that the scheme was launched at 63 public health centres and 17 rural sub-district hospitals in all the 16 tehsils of Yavatmal with the help of volunteers and taluka supervisors of NGOs Janvikas Sanstha of Ralegaon headed by Arun Ganmude and Saiprem Gramin Vikas Sanstha of Yavatmal headed by Ramesh Bhandve.The volunteers are paid 4,000 per month as salary in addition to 500 towards travelling allowance while the taluka supervisors are paid 7,000 and 1,500 as TA.Raikwar said that the district has a population of over 27 lakh. \"During the period from December 2010 to March 2011, we tested blood of 1,05,002 people of whom 345 were suffering from the disease while 3,147 were carriers. A sum of 92 lakh was spent from the 117 lakh sanctioned for the scheme for these four months.Initially, the work was given to the NGOs for 11 months which has now been extended up to March 2012, Raikwar added. During April to December 2011, over 2,69,089 blood samples were tested of whom 387 were found suffering from the disease while 10,121 were carriers.The total number of patients found to be suffering from sickle cell has thus has touched 732 while there are 13,268 carries. Guidelines given for conducting the tests are in three categories - SC, ST and others. The number is: SC (4,082), ST (4,478) and others (5,440).When asked whether patients of sickle cell were found in a particular community, CEO Navalkishor Ram replied in the negative. The disease was found in all the communities, he said.Ram said that the scheme was carried out with the help of NGOs under the supervision of DHO and district sickle cell coordinator. He said that facilities like intermittent blood transfusion, blood bank cards and certificate for travel concessions have been given to these patients. The carriers of the diseases are given regular counseling and discourage marriage of two sufferers.Ram said that he had issued show-cause notices to the two NGOs seeking better performance. Payment of the staffers was also held back for three months. Now their performance has improved, he said.He said that funds were sanctioned by the central government and district planning and development council (DPDC). However, he said the DPDC allocation has been halted as the funds given by the central government are adequate to meet the expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626737", "title": "Manyata likes Sajay Dutt's performance in Agneepath", "text": "Actor Sanjay Dutt's wife, Manyata,is all praises for her husband's performance as the dreadful 'Kancha' in yet-to-be released film 'Agneepath'.In the remake version of 'Agneepath' Sanjay plays the role of villain -- Kancha, earlier played by Danny Denzongpa in the original 1990 cult classic movie.Sanjay's dreadful look in 'Agneepath' has already garnered appreciation from all quarters.\"I loved Sanju in the film. He has done a fabulous work.His look and acting... I really liked a lot. In real life he is a very good, pure-hearted person, but in this movie, he has played such a contradictory character. He has played this role with so much confidence,\" Manyata Dutt told reporters here, at a special screening of the movie.Producer Karan Johar had organised a special screening for B-town celebrities.Earlier, in an interview, Sanjay had said his wife Manyata does not interfere in work, but gives an honest opinion on his work.\"She does not interfere with my work too much. We do discuss movies but I don't take her consent before signing any film. If I do a trashy film, she does not play the holy wife and says... Oh my husband is so great. She gives me an honest opinion,\" Sanjay had said.The film will release on January 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11624035", "title": "Gawli\u2019s kin file nominations", "text": "MUMBAI: Akhil Bhartiya Sena (ABS), a political outfit floated by underworld don Arun Gawli in 1997, became the first party whose members filed nominations for the civic election. Tuesday was the first day to file candidature. Three ABS leaders, including sitting corporators Geeta Gawli and Vandana Gawli, submitted their antecedents and other details at the local ward office.\"Tuesday is an auspicious day to begin any work. Since our family insisted, we took the lead as women candidates. We decided to complete the formalities on day one itself,\" said Geeta, daughter of Arun Gawli. Vandana and Geeta filed their respective nominations from electoral wards 204 and 205, which fall under E ward.ABS won just two seats in the 2007 civic poll but played a crucial role in helping the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance take power. This year, it has decided to field candidates on 26 seats. It is yet to take a decision, though, on which alliance or party to support, said Vandana. In all, 247 nomination forms were collected across the 24 civic wards on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11623089", "title": "Imphal is first step to bigger things", "text": "KOLKATA: As Mamata Banerjee heads for Imphal on Wednesday, she intends to fulfill another dream she had nourished even after achieving the near-impossible ouster of the Left Front from West Bengal.Her detractors may argue the party has made a hasty decision to field candidates in all five poll-bound states; Congress may point to the drubbing TMC got in Assam and Jharkhand last year. But instead of dissuading her, it has reinforced her belief that the second-largest party in the ruling alliance has to look beyond Bengal to become a national party.As of now, Mamata plans to campaign only in Manipur, sources said though TMC's poll managers want her to campaign in Uttar Pradesh as well. TMC requires a 6% of the total votes cast in at least four states and should have atleast four Lok Sabha MPs to make the cut. TMC already has the latter. And it is Manipur, Uttar Pradesh and Goa the party is banking on to give it the required numbers. The national party status appears to be tough in the short run - it should have two-percent of the Lok Sabha MPs (which it has), but they needs to be from atleast three states.Mamata will reach Imphal in the afternoon and take part in a rally near the Tulihal airport soon. She is expected to head for Kolkata an hour later. \"We are confident that Trinamool will do well. We want a pro-people and transparent government in Manipur,\" said Mukul Roy, Trinamool's all-India general secretary and union minister of state for shipping, who reached Manipur on Tuesday. Indicating the party will raise its pitch against Congress in Manipur, Roy said \"People in Manipur are fed up with AFSPA. If necessary, our MPs will raise the issue in the Parliament,\"But to oppose a party with whom it has an alliance at the Centre - and also in Bengal - is easier said than done. The party's pitch in the leadup to Assam state polls in 2011, and its subsequent failure to win even a single seat, is a case in point.Union minister of state for tourism and TMC MP Sultan Ahmed disagreed. \"Didi has always steered clear of anti-people policies. From opposing FDI in retail, pension bill and fuel price hike, she always spoke for the people. Her acceptability is in her clean image and her alternative governance.\"Ahmed also indicated that Trinamool may forge an alliance with Janata Dal (United) in Uttar Pradesh. \"We've only declared a list of 70-odd candidates for UP's first two phases, the total list will be declared by January 26. Even if there is an alliance there will be no joint campaign with JD(U) and they can be accommodated in the seats which TMC doesn't contest,\" he said. In Goa, the party's foray is being spearheaded by octogenarian Goa politician and a former chief minister Dr Wilfred de Sousa.AICC general-secretary in-charge of West Bengal Shakeel Ahmed said, \"Trinamool had earlier contested against us in Assam and the Jamshedpur by-election. The results are for all to see. Mere contesting doesn't make them a contender. Indeed, we have an alliance in West Bengal and the Centre, but in context of other states this would have no bearing.\"Election 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11623458", "title": "Pasteur Institute to release first set of anti-rabies vaccine in June", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: After being closed for nearly three years, the Pasteur Institute of India (PII) in Coonoor in the Nilgiris is all set to release its first set of anti-rabies vaccines in the market in June 2012.According to B Sekar, Director, PII, about 39.5 million doses of DPT vaccines will be released in a year starting from June 2012. \"The Pasteur Institute will start re-marketing anti-rabies vaccine from June this year. The institute is in the final stage of production of DPT vaccines,\" the official said.The Union Government suspended the manufacturing license to the hundred year old institute's vaccine manufacturing plant in January 2008 citing that the prescribed norms for production of vaccines were not followed. However, after three years of closure, PII started the process of production from March 2010. \"As the process of production of rabies vaccination is considerably lengthy, marketing of the vaccines is delayed,\" Sekar said.On Tuesday, Union Minister of state, Health and Family Welfare, Gandhi Selvan visited the vaccine lab and appraised the present working conditions of the lab. The minister was accompanied by the Coonoor MLA, and the DMK ex-minister, K Ramachandran.\"The union minister inspected the present facilities and discussed the future plans of developing the vaccine in terms of quality and quantity,\" said Sekar.According to him, the PII with its available vacant land of 5 acres has plans to extend the working area of the lab with new buildings. \"A layout for an additional structure within our campus has been submitted to the concerned authorities for approval. The union minister's visit to the lab is encouraging with regard to future plans,\" the official said.According to Sekar, PII had been manufacturing rabies vaccination by using sheep brain since its inception in 1907 until 2001. \"The institute developed tissue culture anti-rabies vaccine in 2002 and about 1 lakh doses of the vaccine were produced per annum till 2007,\" he added.\"Despite shut down of the production unit, the 'anti-rabies clinic' functioning in the institute continued its operations,\" Sekar said. At least 6000 people benefit from the clinic every year, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11624243", "title": "Four matriculates do a Munnabhai, arrested", "text": "BANGALORE: Central Crime Branch sleuths caught four alleged fake ayurvedic doctors who were reportedly selling fake medicines at an outlet on I Cross, Koramangala VII Block, on Monday.The arrested -- Ananda alias Raghavendra, 24, Shiva alias Shivali, 32, Virupaksha, 30, Raju Baburao Bhosle, 24, all residents of 10th Cross, Mohankumar Nagar in Yeshwanthpur -- were found to be matriculates and held no degrees in any school of medicine, police claimed.The four were working out of an outlet called Sri Sanjeevani Medicals in Koramangala for one year. Several stocks of various powders and liquids, purportedly having great therapeutic value and worth Rs 5 lakh, and Rs 50,000 in cash, were seized from the shop. The accused claimed to be ayurvedic doctors and sold medicines which they said could cure various ailments. Police are investigating to find any more such rackets operating in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623945", "title": "A migratory bird sanctuary", "text": "Four-time chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and his government have not been able to solve the problem of water-logging in Lambi. But that has turned out to be good thing for the residents of Lambi and bird lovers. Due to heavy water logging, the area has become a favourite spot for migratory birds. As a result, hundreds of acres in Lambi have turned into a migratory bird sanctuary by default.In Punjab, migratory birds are mostly spotted in Bathinda, Muktsar, Faridkot and Ferozepur districts.In Lambi, villages like Tarmala, Kutianwali, Channu, Malianwala, Tapperkhera, Katyanwali, Pakki tibbi, Tal Saravan, Saravan Bodla and Banwala are the worst affected the water logging. Consequently, around 5,000-6,000 acres have turned into huge puddles and lakes.The condition in Kutianwali village is so bad that some houses are surrounded by water, leaving no way for the residents to enter. Gurdeep Singh, a local, said, \"We have been facing this problem for close to 20 years now. Some people had to relocate because they had lost everything due to water logging.\"\"These migratory birds were spotted after middle of November and they usually stay here for four months. They fly in from Siberia , Kazakhstan and other icy countries. These include Common Pochard and Shoveler,\" said Kulwant Singh, an inspector with wildlife department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11624226", "title": "Elgin twin projectors are now in a scrap shop", "text": "BANGALORE: As the last film reel would flash the words 'THE END', the untiring projectors would whirr and hum to a stop. These 73-year-old projectors, which have screened over one lakh movies since 1938 at Elgin Talkies, are now at a scrap shop in a narrow lane of Shivajinagar.The projectors which unspooled celluloid history __ from the magic of talkie to the black and white classics to colour movies__ are amidst a heap of electronic machinery forlornly waiting for a new owner. For, their old home__ Elgin Talkies __ has itself become a piece of history.The projectors which bear the label 'Simplex' were manufactured by International Projector Corporation in New York . The twin projectors were bought in Bombay by then Elgin theatre owner AN Srinivasan in 1938.Six brothers bought the projectors from the Elgin owner 24 days ago when the theatre shut down. \"We are now waiting for a good deal to sell them off,\" said two of the brothers Mohammed Taj and Mohammed Rafi\"One theatre offered to buy only the lens. It makes no sense to have a projector without the lens. So we didn't sell it,'' said Mohammed Taj.But for 45-year-old Munna Husain Sharif, who worked in the theatre right from his 12{+t}{+h} year, the projectors were a toy and dear friends . \"The projectors made me a technician and they are now in a scrap shop. They are still in a good working condition,\" he said with pride though sad that he had to say goodbye to his 'dear friends'.Both the projectors were required for the screening of the films in Elgin. Every twenty minutes the operator used to switch from one projector to the other. Carbon electrodes used to be used for illumination of films through the grand old projectors.Due to lack of space, the shop owners have dismantled one. It will be assembled at the time of sale.The relic which reeled off films down decades to whistles and wah wahs has now become an object of curiosity. Standing tall in the scrap shop, it attracts people who stop by to admire it and pose for a photograph with it.FlashbackAlma Ara, the first Indian talkie movie, was the first film screened at Elgin through the twin projectors. The last film was Jeet starring Sunny Deol , Salman Khan and Karisma KapoorTheatre owner speaksFor AS Krishnamurthy, who owned the theatre, it was an emotional issue. \"When I put the projectors on sale, I had contacted many filmmakers but got only negative responses. I was running out of time and sold them to the scrap dealers on January 1, 2012. The very next day, a young lady from Mumbai met me and said she wanted to buy the projectors to showcase in a cinema museum which will be established in the suburbs of Mumbai. She visited me on behalf of a royal family from Rajasthan which was interested in establishing the museum. I don't know whether the deal took place or not. But I am sure they will reach safe hands,\" he told TOI. However, he refused to say anything about the price of the projector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626937", "title": "Madonna cries for mother at W.E. premiere", "text": "Madonna choked back tears when she paid tribute to her mother at the New York premiere of her film 'W.E.'The 53-year-old star was introducing the movie - her directorial debut - at the Cinema Society screening of the film at New York's Ziegfeld Theatre on Monday night (23.01.12) when she became emotional while talking about her late mother Madonna Louise, who died from breast cancer when she was just 30.She told the audience: \"I would like to thank my mother. Because, really, this story is the story of a female's, the journey of a female, soul. And my mother gave me life.\"Beforehand, the singer warned guests she could cry because she was tired from promoting the film - which is a two-tiered story about the relationship between British monarch King Edward VIII and American divorcee Wallis Simpson , and a modern day New Yorker named Wally - and rehearsing for her upcoming Super Bowl half-time performance.Madonna - who earlier this month won a Golden Globe for Best Song for 'Masterpiece' which is from 'W.E.' - said: \"Anybody that knows me knows that when I'm tired, I cry. If I cry, please, just don't hold it against me. I'm really not a sentimental kind of a person.\"Although she is feeling the strain of \"working her a*s off\" for the Super Bowl game - which takes place on Sunday, February 5 - pop megastar has promised a great set made up of \"oldies but goodies\" and her new single 'Give Me All Your Love'.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11623411", "title": "Armed robbery has city cops worried", "text": "CHENNAI: Monday's daring bank robbery at Perungudi on the IT Corridor has set the alarm bells ringing for the city police. It is said to be the first time a bank in the city has been robbed at gunpoint.\"This is not a part of any terror strike. The robbers appear to be professionals. Special teams have been assigned to probe the case from separate angles,\" south zone joint commissioner of police K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran said.In 2002, an armed gang stormed into a State Bank of India branch at Besant Nagar and threw country bombs. Cashier K Viswanathan (56) was stabbed when he resisted. However, a crowd soon gathered and the gang members fled without taking any money. Police interrogation found they were Tamil Nadu Liberation Army (TNLA) cadres. Two of them, Rajaram and Saravanan, were killed in a police encounter on March 25, 2003.In 2010, a gang tried to steal cash and valuables from a safe at a primary cooperative bank near Tirunelveli but were thwarted by bank employees and members of the public. All those involved in the robbery attempt were arrested later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623476", "title": "Republic Day: When science goes boink", "text": "In one of Bill Watterson's inimitable Calvin &amp; Hobbes comic strips, the perennially six-year-old brat says, \"In my opinion, we don't devote nearly enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks.\" It would do well to discuss Calvin's concern when more than 15,000 scientists and students meet sometime early next year in Kolkata for the 100th Indian Science Congress.India has 260 central laboratories , 300 universities, 20,000 colleges and three million scientists - the third largest in the world - yet just one Indian citizen, C V Raman, has ever won the Nobel Prize in science. As India celebrates Republic Day, it totters on the edge of great scientific ideas but is unable to convert its gigantic mass of mediocrity into excellence.There are not many takers for basic sciences which are taught in the most uninteresting way in schools and colleges. Good universities yearn for funds, while bad ones fritter away resources. There is no effective way to identify and promote original scientific work. The result is that we have few scientists who are exceptional and many who are extremely bad. \"There is tremendous mediocrity,\" says P M Bhargava, founder director of the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology, Hyderabad.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh partly acknowledged this while speaking at the 99th Indian Science Congress in Bhubaneswar recently. He said that India's relative position in the world of science has been declining and we have been overtaken by countries like China. He said public investment in R&D; has been growing at more than 20%. What he didn't say is that this investment is just 0.91% of our GDP, while that of China's is 1.46%. He said scientific publications by Indian scientists in India has grown at 12% against the global average of 4%. What he didn't say is that India published only 2.3 lakh scientific papers in 2010 compared to 9.7 lakh by China.\"It's so important to overtake China,\" says Bhargava. \"Once we do it, we are as good as any nation in science and technology.\" There is consensus that India needs to spend at least 2% of its GDP on R&D; . But how and where should these resources be used?C N R Rao, honorary president of Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research, Bangalore, roots for what he calls 'small science.' \"Real progress in science occurs through research by small science in labs in universities . We should not be obsessed with big agencies such as atomic energy and space,\" says Rao.Bhargava disagrees. \"A major part of our R&D; should go to such high-end research as space science ,\" he says. Such prioritisation is not an easy task, says Satish R Shetye, director of National Institute of Oceanography, Goa. \"This is because the fruits of investment in R&D; are often unpredictable and take time. To develop applications like, say, keeping our coastal ecosystem healthy, there is a necessary component that involves 'pure science' . This includes laborious field and lab studies,\" says Shetye.But there is unanimity that India had made significant progress in space, nuclear energy and biotechnology . Despite the pressure of US sanctions, Indian scientists mastered the art of satellite launch. Also, our scientists' works on isotopes, and vaccines such that for Hepatitis B are world-class . Today , pathbreaking work by the Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics, Hyderabad, has applications in forensics, parentage testing, revival of lost species and cancer biology.Inversely proportional to such achievements is the standard of our science education. Rao says commercialization of higher education and dearth of good teachers are the primary reasons for the rot. \"We should make teaching a more respectable profession,\" says Rao.Bhargava feels the problem is deeper. \"Education today is directed only towards market economy,. The standards of many of our universities are so low that they don't merit partnerships with central laboratories or industry,\" he says.His solutions: Introduce a central schooling system with higher standards than CBSE and NCERT. Implement the Yash Pal Committee report which recommended upgradation of 1,500 best colleges into universities with functional autonomy and constitution of a National Commission for Higher Education and Research. Bring up a new crop of science managers who are more excellence-driven . Give more resources to performing institutes and universities.Till then, we won't have scientists who are as smart as Calvin who makes his own 'duplicator' and 'transmogrifier'. Instead, our status may remain like the 1991 cover of Bill Watterson's creation: Scientific Progress Goes Boink.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11621298", "title": "Woman robbed in broad daylight", "text": "PANAJI: A woman in her fifties has complained to the Panaji police that she was allegedly robbed of her gold jewellery worth Rs 50,000 by two persons who she claimed approached her on Tuesday morning near Geeta Bakery in the city claiming that it was unsafe to wear gold ornaments.Sharad Shet, in a complaint, said she had come to Geeta Bakery at around 10am, when two persons approached her and told her to remove her gold ornaments, claiming it unsafe to wear gold jewellery.They took it from her and under the pretence of wrapping it in paper gave her imitation jewellery, which she kept in her bag. Only when she had boarded a bus to Taleigao, did she realize that the jewellery wrapped in the paper was fake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11623556", "title": "His pasta counter counts as best in weddings", "text": "LUDHIANA: Harmeet Singh, a student of hotel management in Punjab College of Technical Education ( PCTE), dared to dream and got successful in starting his own venture, albeit small, from his pocket money. He puts up pasta counter in marriages and other events, thereby generating employment opportunities for some of his fellow students by offering them the work for outdoor catering.Resident of Janakpuri, Harmeet wants to be a chef and is working hard to learn as much as he can. \"I am so fond of cooking that as a child, I used to help my mom in the kitchen. Now I tell my mother not to enter the kitchen and just be comfortable as I will manage everything,\" he said.In 2010, he went to a famous hotel in Gurgaon and for one and a half months, learnt how to prepare pasta. On coming back to the city, he developed contacts with some catering agencies and that's how his small counter of pasta started. Gradually, it became so easy for him to prepare the pasta that name any type, and he will prepare it. He said over the years, he kept thinking how to expand this work, and then thought of engaging some more students for wedding functions. So he started a small venture in 2011, where he plays two roles. One is of the chef and the other of supervisor and gives opportunities to his classmates for outdoor catering in wedding, engagement parties and other gatherings. \"It's my responsibility to see that students do the right things in the event. Besides, I also manage my pasta counter and now I am perfect in handling both,\" said Harmeet. He gets handsome amount from this venture, through which he easily manages his pocket money and even save some amount for the future. He wishes to learn all the cuisines of the world and move to Germany, where his elder brother owns a restaurant. He wants to help him in flourishing it further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11620978", "title": "2 more held for Pandian's murder", "text": "MADURAI: In a major breakthrough, the Dindigul police on Tuesday arrested two key accused who masterminded the murder of dalit leader Pasupathi Pandian.Police were on the lookout for Muthupandian, a Union councillor and Nirmala, a village panchayat member, who had a personal enmity with Pandian and was giving information about his movements to Pannayar's men. Using Nirmala who lived near Pandian's house, the assailants tracked the movements of the deceased. Muthupandian was in Pandian's party and later switched to the Bahujan Samaj Party .Pandian, a dalit leader and president of Devendra Kula Velalar Kuttamaippu, was brutally hacked to death in front of his house at Nandhavanappatti village in Dindigul on January 10. Two persons, identified as M Arumugasamy (26) of Idhayathavanai in Tirunelveli district and J Arulanandham (26) of Mullakadu in Tuticorin district surrendered before a court in Valliyoor at Tirunelveli two days later and confessed to have committed the murderHowever, the police is still in the look out for the prime accused Subash Pannaiyar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11622067", "title": "GU V-C case reconstruction ends in quizzing witnesses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: High drama unfolded at the Gujarat University (GU) office on Tuesday evening as a team of police officials from city SC/ST cell visited the campus to investigate the atrocity case against GU vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi.While senior GU officials were missing from the scene, the reconstruction of incidents between Trivedi and Pankaj Shrimali, a GU professor and complainant in the case, attracted a lot of onlookers.However, Shrimali, who was present at the scene, protested and gave a written statement to D D Chaudhary, deputy superintendent of police, SC/ST cell and investigating officer of the case.He said, \"Investigating officers keep changing in the case, putting the whole process under a cloud. Never before have we seen reconstruction of any complaint of this nature.\" Shrimali's protest effectively stopped the reconstruction and the cops went back after questioning the witnesses.Earlier in the day, Trivedi chose not to comment on the developments in four-year-old atrocities case even as Gujarat high court ordered city police to file a final report against him.The V-C is under fire after an FIR was filed against him for hurling a casteist slur at college professor Shrimali in May 2008.\"No comments,\" is all that the V-C had to offer to media persons who interacted with him for the first time since a court order saw the investigating officer of SC/ST cell summoning Trivedi for questioning. \"I have complete faith in the judicial system and complete trust in my God. Only a picture of my God will go with me if and when I leave this office,\" said Trivedi.Chaudhary said, \"We want to determine position of the witnesses in the case as we will get two of the policemen to converse at the spot where the incident took place.\"V-C, who had broken into tears last week on a public platform being overwhelmed by the controversy, insisted that he had worked for the betterment of GU with utmost dedication and commitment and did not deserve to be facing this crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11624424", "title": "\u2018Human error much to blame\u2019", "text": "PUNE: A large number of mishaps on the Pune-Mumbai expressway are due to human error. These included overspeeding, ignoring lane discipline, and reckless overtaking. Road safety experts say that nearly 80% accidents occurring on the 95-km expressway are because of human error.Regular users of the expressway and experienced drivers who have been following safe driving habits say most errors or faults are by car and truck drivers.While truck drivers are in the wrong lane, car drivers seem careless about their safety and are overconfident about 'safe driving' skills, they said.Road safety experts attributed accidents to vehicles driven at high speeds which make it impossible for drivers to control the vehicle if there is a sudden obstruction on the expressway.The stretch of the expressway between Kiwale and Khandala in Pune division claimed 58 lives in 2011 as compared to 27 deaths in 2010.Similarly, the number of people badly injured in mishaps in this section went up to 128 in 2011 when 108 people were injured in 2010. The total number of accidents, including deaths, serious and minor injuries which was 316 in 2010, went up to 405 in 2011. Of these, fatal accidents increased from 25 to 39, while those involving people with severe injuries rose from 38 to 43.Vijay Kamble, additional director general of police (traffic) says that nearly 75 to 80% of accidents - not just on the expressway, but on all roads are because of drivers' fault. Many employed by individuals or other private agencies do not have fixed duty hours; they are exploited and in the process, road safety is compromised, he said at a recent seminar on road safety.Shrikrishna Joshi of Lokmanya Hospital who has treated a large number of accident victims, said an analysis showed that nearly 80 % of accidents are because of the drivers' fault. \"People talk on the cellphone while driving,fail to wear seat belts or do not fasten them properly,drive at uncontrollable speeds, and importantly, take undue advantage or have excess confidence about the 'safety features' of the high-end cars or special utility vehicles.A few also indulge in drunk driving,\" he said. Traffic safety experts said cellphone conversations while driving at a speed of 80 kmph and more is highly dangerous as the situation on the road keeps changing all the time. \"One needs to have a steady mind while driving. The concentration on driving is lost when a driver is using his cellphone,\"Joshi added.Road safety activist Chandmal Parmar stressed the need for drivers to rest. \"Continuous and long distance driving causes stress. Persons driving the vehicle need to stop for refreshments.\" Road safety experts have said that on the expressway, there are many stretches where the driver does not change gears and only control the steering wheel.\"This monotonous drive causes people to feel sleepy, particularly at night or early morning hours. Drivers have nodded off while driving,\" Dilip Bhujbal, superintendent of police (highways), Pune division, said. He suggested rumblers at specific intervals can alert drivers.Drivers must check the fitness of the vehicle so that there is no mechanical breakdown. New high-end vehicles can touch high speeds of 240 kmph. However, driving at such high speeds is dangerous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11624146", "title": "Dalai Lama\u2019s vision restored, say AIIMS docs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after he underwent an eye surgery, Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama visited All-India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) on Tuesday for a check-up.Doctors said that his vision has been restored. The 76-year-old leader had a cataract in the left eye, a clouding of the eye's natural lens. The cataract was removed and an intra-ocular lens was implanted for better vision. Dr R V Azad, chief of Rajendra Prasad Centre for Ophthalmic Sciences, AIIMS, said the surgery was conducted by a team of doctors led by Dr J S Titiyal on Sunday.\"It involved removing the cataract in the left eye and replacing it with an artificial lens. The process was completed within half an hour and the leader was discharged after that. He was called on Tuesday for a follow-up,\" Azad said.Dalai Lama arrived at AIIMS on Tuesday around 4pm and spent close to 45 minutes at the hospital. Dr Titiyal, professor of ophthalmology at AIIMS, said, \"Dalai Lama was very happy. He had a long chat with the doctors after the checkup and thanked us for the services. He appreciated the infrastructure at the hospital\". The septuagenarian leader will visit the hospital again in March.Cataract is a clouding of the eye's natural lens, which lies behind the iris and the pupil. It is the most common cause of vision loss in people above 50 years. Experts say India is home to 12 million blind people of which 70% are affected by cataract. About 5 million cataract surgeries are done annually, the highest in the world.The exiled Tibetan leader underwent a gall bladder surgery at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital on October 10, 2008. In August the same year, he was admitted to Lilavati Hospital in Mumbai twice with abdominal discomfort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622399", "title": "CST's revamp plans run into heritage hurdle", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Railway's plan to convert the heritage Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus into a world-class station hit a hurdle after the railway ministry disapproved of the design prepared by the consultants.\"A few days ago, the railway ministry did not agree with several aspects, including the plan to build a glass-encased structure on the vacant land adjacent to P D'Mello Road,\" a senior official said. \"There was also a plan to construct a fibre-and-glass roof, in the pergola style, over the passage from DRM building to the heritage part.\"The proposed master plan envisaged a multi-storey luxury hotel and commercial buildings at Carnac Bunder. Though the new structures would not have marred the look of the heritage side of CST, the ministry was unhappy as it felt that the design of the proposed buildingsdid not match up to the grandeur of the old heritage section, said the official, adding that the CR, would however, not rework on the parts of the proposal \"that did not disturb the beauty of the old building\".The objective of the revamp is to improve the circulation area, enhance facilities for commuters, remodel the yard to improve speed of trainsand create exclusive areas for pedestrians at CST, one of the busiest stations in the city used by both local and long-distance trains. The railway has decided to follow the Public Private Partnership scheme for the redevelopment, for which, it roped in consultancy firms Arep Ville and Egis Rail Indiato prepare the masterplan. The entire project is estimated to cost Rs 1,800 crore.To convert CST into a world-class station, railways had opted for the Public Private Partnership (PPP) route. The plan envisaged improving the circulation area, enhanced facility to the commuters, remodeling of yard to improve speed, creating exclusive area for pedestrians, etc.In June 2011, the CR has sent a proposal to United Nations Education Scientific and Cultural organization (UNESCO) through the Railway Board to seek rationalization of buffer zone from existing 90 hectare to 70 hectare approximately. The freed land can be commercially exploited to fund the revamp of CST, which had been granted the status of world heritage site in 2004 by UNESCO .Under the new plan, a pedestrian subway will be built under the suburban platforms, after pulling down the existing foot overbdrige. that connects the station to the other side of the road .All the add-ons to the heritage building, including the extra floor in the annexe building, extended toilet and TA building, will also be demolished.All the structures that came up over the year behind the main building will also be razed to make way for a garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11624063", "title": "Three orators get them talking", "text": "There are three eager contenders for the coveted Mohali assembly seat and they are not leaving any rhetoric or star presence out of the triangular contest. Adding colour and humour to the battle, the trio irreverently use words like 'Siberian migratory bird', 'liquor baron' and 'defector' while addressing each other.The three proficient speakers - Balbir Singh Sidhu of the Congress, Akali Dal's Balwant Singh Ramoowalia and Bir Devinder Singh of People's Party of Punjab - are giving each other tough competition in the war of words.The soft-spoken Ramoowalia, though he has parachuted over Mohali seat from outside, is using every possible way to strike a chord with the locals. As he enters a dingy village hutment greeting everyone with folded hands, he rubs some soil from the place on his forehead.\"Main issi mitti da puttar haan, main kite bahro naii ayaa?\u00a6 te hun Mohali de saare dukh door karan daa sama aa gya hai. (I am the son of this soil and have not come from outside. It's time to remove all problems from Mohali),\" he tells them.Using his past experiences to his benefit, he adds, \"I have served the entire nation and had even greeted Queen Elizabeth and South African leader Nelson Mandela when they had come to India.\"Ramoowalia's son-in-law Harbhajan Mann, a popular Punjabi singer, is relentlessly campaigning for him. His prominent songs, which have been sung in praise of Punjab, are played to win the voters' hearts.Taking a dig at this musical wooing, Congress candidate Sidhu says, \"Ehna gania te cassetaan kadwaoon to kissi daa pet naii bharnaa?\u00a6 eh koi vadi cheez naii hai Punjab de lokaan lai. (Releasing these songs will not get you food. Coming out with cassettes is not a big deal in Punjab).\"Professing his love for the district, he says, \"My heart beats for the people of Mohali. I have been standing besides them in all circumstances for over 20 years. This is a big battle for me. I am asking for votes on the basis of my past accomplishments. I have no competition as I am not afraid of any defector,\" he pronounces.But it's Bir Devinder who comes up with the best oratory. \"Sidhu has stake in liquor business and his only intention is to earn money. In fact he is distributing coded receipts that can be exchanged for bottles,\" he claims, adding, \"Ramoowalia is a Siberian bird and I can bet that he will vanish from Mohali after the elections.\"Punjab Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626723", "title": "Kirsten Dunst likes love surprises", "text": "Kirsten Dunst loves being surprised in her relationships.The 'Melancholia' actress - who has previously dated stars including Hollywood hunk Jake Gyllenhaal and Razorlight frontman Johnny Borrell - claims she doesn't care what a guy does for a living as long as he makes her laugh and is honest.She said: \"When it comes to dating someone, I don't care what you do. Just as long as you make me laugh, you're a good person, you surprise me and we're honest with each other.\"The 29-year-old actress also believes it is important to retain some independence while in a relationship or the romance is likely to turn sour.She said: \"It's important to have your own life. As soon as you give up too much of yourself it just turns bad.\"Kirsten also admitted that as she gets older she prefers to be friends with someone before dating them because she can't rely on \"instant chemistry\" to help form a long lasting relationship.She told Live magazine: \"My experience is that as you get older you try to pick a partner who you're friends with. It's hard to find balance and that's not going to come with the 'instant chemistry' kind of people.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11624103", "title": "CCTVs installed at KSRTC pre-paid auto centre", "text": "MYSORE: City traffic police have installed two CCTVs at the pre-paid autorickshaw counter near KSRTC sub-urban bus stand here to ensure safety of passengers. The CCTVs will record proceedings round the clock.Police have been receiving a number of complaints from passengers against harassment from auto drivers and missing baggage. Some drivers also had complained against misbehaviour by passengers. Police have found it difficult to trace errant auto drivers as well as passengers troubling drivers.\"Security cameras which work round the clock will now be useful to cops to monitor such incidents,'' said ACP (Traffic) Shankregowda.Presently, the city has two pre-paid auto service counters__ one at the sub-urban bus stand and other at the city railway station. Every day over 6,000 passengers use the pre-paid service from the bus stand and 2,500 at railway station.The department is also planning to install security cameras at the railway station counters soon.Meanwhile, two more pre-paid auto service counters have been planned at the city railway station premises to cater to the needs of railway passengers. An additional counter will be opened next to the existing service counter and another centre will come up near railway station entrance on KRS road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11612944", "title": "Shah Rukh, Imran: B-town\u2019s newest Khan brothers", "text": "They raked in very high profits for the Tamil blockbuster Vettai. And so, it is no surprise that UTV have reportedly decided to remake the film in Hindi.However, the production house's casting plans for the Hindi version have come as a shock. In the original, Madhavan and Arya play brothers - one who is peace loving and an overall good person and the other a ruffian. And now for the Hindi version, Mumbai Mirror has learnt that UTV are keen to cast the untried star-pair - Shah Rukh Khan and Imran Khan - in the lead roles.However, according to a source close to the developments, Madhavan, who has made a name for himself in Tamil and Hindi cinema, is keen on essaying his character in the remake. \"But UTV, who have earned huge profits with the Tamil film, would rather take the remake further with two big stars in the lead roles. And since Shah Rukh and Imran have shied away from remakes of South Indian films, the production house feels that the novelty factor of their pairing will add to the edge of the remake,\" added the source.When contacted, Siddharth Roy Kapoor of UTV was noncommittal about the pairing and simply said, \"Nothing has been finalised yet. It's too early to talk about the details. But we're definitely considering remaking our Tamil production Vettai in Hindi, since it's a huge success down south.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11623454", "title": "Inspector suspended over murder of criminal", "text": "CHENNAI: MGR Nagar police inspector Kalaiselvan has been placed under suspension for failing to keep track of criminals released from prison on bail.Commissioner of police J K Tripathy suspended the inspector following the Munday's murder in Kotturpuram of a rowdy who was released on bail recently.Karthik alias MGR Karthik, 28, from Annamalai Street in Jafferkhanpet, was hacked to death by a rival gang near Kotturpuram at 5.30pm on Monday after he was granted bail last week. He was arrested in connection with a murder in 2011.\"Every police inspector has been asked to keep a tab on criminals in their jurisdiction. Station house officers are required to monitor criminals in their jurisdiction. They are also asked to keep under surveillance suspects released from prison on bail,\" a police officer said.Karthik and his friend Albert were riding motorbikes towards Cenotaph Road when rival gang members rammed Karthik's two-wheeler with a car. Ten people jumped out of the car, chased and hacked him with sickles before driving away in the car, witnesses told police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11624003", "title": "Congress-NCP last-minute seat swap in Mulund", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days after their seat-sharing arrangement, the Congress and NCP had another round of give-and take on two seats in Mulund.Late Monday evening, senior leaders from both sides decided on an exchange of seats. Under the new arrangement, ward no 99 (Mulund Check Naka to ESIS hospital), previously allotted to Congress, would go to NCP. The NCP would relinquish its claim on ward no 102 (central Mulund).Dr Avtarkaur Saukhi of the Congress might lose out on account of the move. Saukhi, a two-time corporator, was interested in a ticket from ward no 99, reserved for OBC women. Saukhi is a sitting councillor from ward no 103. With the party discouraging women from contesting in open wards (103 is in the open category), she was eyeing ward no 99. But now Minakshi Patil of the NCP gets ward no 99, while Uttam Gite will contest on a Congress ticket from ward no 102, reserved for a male OBC candidate.Gite is close to state Congress general secretary Mahadeo Shelar, who is close to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. Gite had approached Suresh Barku Patil, a senior NCP worker known to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. Patil wanted his wife Minakshi to contest from ward no 99. Leaders from either side were again approached and the two struck gold this time.Gite however said the decision was taken by the party leaders. Patil was unwell and unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11623866", "title": "Ernakulam still high on cigarettes", "text": "KOCHI: Even though Ernakulam was declared the first smoke-free district and tourist destination in the state, it seems Kochiites are yet to get rid of their habit of smoking in public.Except a few raids conducted near small shops in the initial days, the district administration has failed to make it a reality.As per the declaration of the district administration in October, Ernakulam district was the first smoking-free tourist destination in the country. The declaration came in the wake of the so-called success of the anti-tobacco measures taken by the Ernakulam District Administration, Kochi Corporation and the District PanchayatHowever, social activists and environmentalists are of the opinion that initiatives and announcements like these remain only on paper. Environmentalist professor S Seetharaman says, \"Even though authorities have taken steps to control the sale of tobacco products, it is readily available in most of the shops.It is sold abundantly in tourist destinations and shops near educational institutions and the authorities are not doing anything to check this,\" he said. C R Neelakandan says, \"Shopkeepers are banned from lending lighters and matches to the public, but they are consciously forgetting the law.Before announcing the district as a smoke free destination, the administration should have taken necessary action to check the sale of tobacco products,\" he said.Meanwhile, authorities claim there is huge decline in the number of smokers in public. Saju V Itty, district coordinator of anti-tobacco campaign said the squads have caught many people and even fined them.\"Currently we are having a shortage of staff in the enforcement squad as many of the officers are out on Sabarimala duty. This has affected the raids for the last two months. We expect that the squads will be back in action in a week or so,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11625819", "title": "Obama to take US economy away from outsourcing, bad debt", "text": "WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama has presented an economic blueprint aiming to take his country away from outsourcing, bad debt and phony financial profits.\"No, we will not go back to an economy weakened by outsourcing, bad debt and phony financial profits,\" Obama said in his State of the Union address to the Congress.The US President emphesised that the blueprint has been built to last - an economy built on American manufacturing, American energy, skills for American workers, and a renewal of American values.Obama, in his speech, reminded his countrymen why the US is the leader of the world.\"Think about the America within our reach: A country that leads the world in educating its people. An America that attracts a new generation of high-tech manufacturing and high-paying jobs,\" the US President said.\"A future where we are in control of our own energy, and our security and prosperity aren't so tied to unstable parts of the world. An economy built to last, where hard work pays off, and responsibility is rewarded,\" Obama said.The defining issue of this time is how to keep that promise alive, Obama said adding that no challenge is more urgent.\"No debate is more important. We can either settle for a country where a shrinking number of people do really well, while a growing number of Americans barely get by,\" he said.The President said that we can restore an economy where everyone gets a fair shot, everyone does their fair share, and everyone plays by the same set of rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11628669", "title": "Adimurthy: Cycling through space", "text": "KOCHI: Among the thousands of Ayyappa devotees, none would have noticed this frail man who bicycled all the way to Pampa from Thiruvananthapuram. But that is so typical of space scientist Dr V Adimurthy whom the nation honoured with Padmasri on Wednesday. He has always remained a silent intellectual presence in the portals of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO).Though the Padma award reached ISRO office on a day when two space bigwigs were engaged in mudslinging, Adimurthy still swears by team spirit. ``It is an honour for all my colleagues and this great institution. This moment and prize is to be shared by all,'' he told the Times of India.Adimurthy is now the dean of Indian Institute of Space Technology (IIST) and senior advisor to the ISRO on inter-planetary missions. He has played a crucial role in Chandrayaan-1.Even as he dreams of space vehicles zooming at supersonic speeds beating gravity and other forces, Adimurthy believes in the slowest form of travel on earth - the cycle. He is the only scientist who has used a cycle to reach office every day even when he was entitled for official car.\"I simply love cycling. In fact, I have never owned a car. This year's decision to do a solo pilgrimage on cycle to Sabarimala also stems from this love,'' said Adimurthy.A native of Andhra, Adimurthy has made Kerala his home. ``We moved here in 1972. Except when I travelled for academic reasons I have never left Kerala for anywhere,'' said Adimurthy who has been with the Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre throughout.Post-retirement, Adimurthy took up the challenge of moulding future space scientists at the IIST. He is also actively pursuing research in his favourite subject - space debris. And he represents India at international conferences on the subject.\"Space debris is a huge concern. We have a list of satellites that poses danger to space missions as well as human lives. We are devising many a strategy to tide over this crisis,'' he said.India is avoiding clutter on live orbits by following Adimurthy's advise to raise a satellite to a higher orbit as it reaches the fag end of its mission expiry date. \"We call it morgue orbit. The satellite will remain there for ever will never pose a hindrance to other space vehicles,'' he said.Adimurthy's latest passion is brainstorming with scientists across the world to design and launch a futuristic space vehicle that can pluck a dead satellite out of its orbit and bring it back to earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11629260", "title": "India, Norway reach agreement, uncle to get custody of NRI children", "text": "NEW DELHI: The two children of an NRI couple who were taken away by the Norwegian Childcare Services on grounds of \"emotional disconnect\" will be handed over to their uncle following finalisation of an agreement between India and Norway today.The agreement between Indian government through its mission in Norway, Municipality of Norway, Norwegian Childcare Services, the parents ( Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya) and their lawyer named Anurup's brother as the primary caretaker of the two children, official sources said here.The agreement said the uncle, Arunabhash, has agreed to the parents wish and is aware of the responsibility and he will be the children's primary caretaker, the sources said.They said Barnevarne (Norwegian Child Welfare Services) has approved and agreed to give children to the uncle.Arunabhash, who lives in Kolkata, will soon leave for Norway and all the expenses of his travel will be born by the government, sources said.However, under the agreement, the parents still have parental and visitation rights, they added.The sources said the family has to provide information in response to any inquiry by the family and child welfare ministry.The children Abhigyan (3) and Aishwarya (1) were taken under protective care by Barnevarne, which claimed emotional disconnect with the parents, and placed them in foster parental care according to the local Norwegian court's directive.Following the plea by the family, External Affairs Minister S M Krishna spoke to his Norwegian counterpart and requested them to find an \"amicable and urgent\" settlement.India expressed its concerns to the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs that the children were being deprived of the undoubted benefits of being brought up in their own ethnic, religious cultural and linguistic milieu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11621599", "title": "Seven seats for NCP, says Congress", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress party on Tuesday decided to leave seven seats to Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) for the March 3 assembly polls even as the party decided to take its own time to clear names of some sitting MLAs.Speaking to TOI, NCP coordinator Praful Hede said, \"Congress has agreed on seven seats, we have yet to finalize the constituencies and the eighth seat would be decided at a much later stage\"The seat-sharing meeting was attended by Union minister Praful Patel, chief minister Digambar Kamat, AICC Secretary Sudhakar Reddy and Hede.Hede also said that only the candidates of Vasco and Tivim constituencies have been cleared. NCP sources said that apart from the names of two constituencies represented by the NCP, Mapusa, Saligao, Porvorim, Sanguem have also been cleared but still negotiations will continue about Mayem and Savordem. As first published by TOI, NCP is likely to nominate Congress minister Joaquim Alemao's son Yuri.Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar said that the \"Final decision is expected tomorrow (Wednesday) on seat sharing\". Even as he said that the Congress Central Election Committee (CCE) and Congress Screening committee will meet next week to finalize candidates for March 3 polls, sources said the Congress has applied brakes in clearing a few seats including St Cruz, Fatorda, Mandrem, Aldona, Cumbarjua and Taleigao.For the Mandrem seat, the choice is between Sameer Salgaocar, Dayanand Sopte and Babi Bhagkar. There seems to be a proxy war between the health minister and the chief minister as the two are trying hard for Sopte and Sameer respectively. As there's a complaint pending against him, Narvekar's path is yet to be cleared.Meanwhile, former Pernem MLA Jitendra Deshprabhu, Sameer Salgaoncar, Vijai Sardesai, Praveen Zantye and Vishwajeet Rane were campaigning in Delhi. Some of them have returned to Goa.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11623995", "title": "I will free KSP from political influence, says Champa", "text": "HUBLI: Renowned Kannada litterateur and former president of Kannada Sahitya Parishat (KSP) Chandrashekhar Patil has all along opposed politicization of the Parishat and its activities. Even as he prepares to contest for the coveted post for the second time, his primary agenda remains the same: To prevent unnecessary political interference in the Parishat . Speaking to TOI, Patil shared his views on the status of Kannadigas, the land and the language.Excerpts:If elected as president of the Kannada Sahitya Parishat, what will be your first priority?My immediate focus will be putting pressure on the government to implement the Sarojini Mahishi report, which recommends using Kannada as administrative language in all the departments and employment opportunities for Kannadigas in all fields.On the status of Kannadigas in Karnataka...Though there is some improvement in the status of Kannadigas, we are still fighting for many issues. I will take up issue of giving jobs for Kannadigas in government, semi-government and private sectors particularly in IT and BT sectors. Those who have set up IT and BT industries in the state must understand that they are utilizing the Kannada land and so they should give preference Kannadigas in jobs.How will you handle the border issues and the language row?I will bring all the Kannada activists who are scattered across the state under one platform and motivate them to fight for the cause of Kannada and launch a struggle on ideology.On the government's efforts to protect Kannada...Political parties including the Congress, BJP and even the JD(S), which has a local origin, have grossly ignored many of the issues before Kannadigas: Medium of instruction, jobs for Kannadigas and language issues in border districts.How will you address political interference in the Parishat?Let politicians attend our literary events. But I don't want them to misuse their power and exert their influence on the KSP. If I come to power, I will make KSP free from their influence. I agree that all the governments have given good financial support to the KSP and its activities. But politicians should not be under the impression that they have done KSP a favour. After all they are not paying from their pockets. It is the public money. I want to build KSP on a secular basis.Also, it will be my priority to curb huge spending on literary meets. I will create literary environment in Sahitya Sammelans than mere spending and extravaganza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622387", "title": "Railways postpones phasing out of CVMs", "text": "MUMBAI: The railway board has agreed to extend the deadline to phase out coupon validating machines (CVMs) from Central and Western railway stations to March 2013.On November 24, TOI had reported that the railway board had decided to phase out CVMs by March 2012 to popularize automatic ticket vending machines (ATVMs). However, both CR and WR had opposed the decision because coupons had become popular with commuters. Nearly 10% of the total ticket sales on CR and 18% on WR come from CVMs.A senior CR official said, \"The railways agreed to our request and extended the deadline by a year. A formal order is likely to be issued by the board within a few days.\"Coupons are validated by punching a ticket through a CVM. The coupons are available in booklets of varying denominations.The railway board's decision was prompted by fears that fraudulent coupons can be pushed into circulation as the CVM network is not linked to the Centre for Railway Information System (CRIS)-operated unreserved ticketing system that accounts for all the transactions done through booking windows and ATVMs.As of now, CR sells around 50,000 booklets per day, while 4 lakh ATVM cards are in circulation. CR has 343 CVMs and 175 ATVMs, while WR has 115 ATVMs and 230 CVMs. WR sells over 6 lakh tickets per day, of which nearly 1 lakh are validated by CVMs and 40,000 through ATVMs.Both CR and WR officials are of the view that it would be better to phase out CVMs after the capacity building exercise of ATVMs gains strength.Mumbai: The Railway Board has agreed to extend the deadline to phase out the Coupon-Validating Machines (CVM) from the Central and Western railway by March 2013.On Nov 24, TOI had reported that the railway board had decided to phase of the CVM by March 2012 to popularize the Automatic ticket Vending Machines (ATVMS) that are operated by the smart cards.Both, CR and WR, had opposed the decision because this form of buying tickets had become popular with its commuters. Nearly 10 per cent of the total tickets sell on CR and 18 per cent of sale on WR are done through CVMs.A senior CR official said, \"The railways agreed to our request and extended the deadline by a year. A formal order is likely to be issued by the board within a few days.\"In the CVM system, coupons are validated by punching of ticket, which are printed and supplied in booklet form of denominations of Rs 40 and 50.The railway board's decision were prompted by fears that that fraudulent coupons can be pushed into circulation as CVM network is not linked Centre for Railway Information System (CRIS) operated Unreserved ticketing system that accounts for all the transaction done through booking windows and ATVMs.As of now CR sells 50,000 booklets per day, while 4 lakh ATVM cards are in circulation on CR, which has 343 CVMs and 175 ATVM machines while WR has 115 ATVMs and 230 CVMs. WR registers sale of 6 lakh ticket per day, of which 1 lakh are by CVMs and nearly 40,000 by ATVMs. WR is in the process of installing 80 ATVMs while another 75 more are being proposed.Both CR and WR were of the view that It would be better to phase out the CVMs after capacting building exercise of ATVM gains strength.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11623880", "title": "Govt to bear medical bills of medical bills", "text": "KOCHI: The state government will bear the hospital bills of Geevarghese John, the engineering college student who was brutally ragged and attacked on Wednesday. The chief minister Oommen Chandy assured this to the parents of Geevarghese .Annamma John and Prasad, mother and father of the victim met Chandy demanding quick action against the culprits. Cops from the North Police Station collected statements from Geevarhese, who is under treatment in a private hospital in Kochi, on Thursday evening.Measures will be taken to register the case at Salem Police Station under the limits of which the incident occurred. The attack on Arun from Aroor, who was also attacked by the same culprits, will be registered as a single case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11623504", "title": "Getting ready for R-day celebrations Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: Amita Punyani, a resident of Kitchlu Nagar, is busy with her preparations to add cultural colour to the Republic Day and Lohri celebrations at Sarabha Ladies Club along with her friends.The club would celebrate the occasions on January 27.Along with Annu Aul, a resident of Sarabha Nagar, Sabina Passi of Shastri Nagar and Arti of Model Town, Amita has been practising their dance on a peppy Punjabi number \"Angreji Beat'' for the celebrations.\"We would celebrate both the occasions together at hotel Friends Regency. Among many other items that would be presented by club members, our item would set the stage on fire,'' said Amita.Annu Aul said they would perform another dance on a patriotic song wearing tricolour outfits. \"We have our own little world at the club and we make the most of it,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11624266", "title": "IT major Infosys to get 30 acres more land", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government has decided to transfer 30 more acres of land along the super corridor to Information Technology department for allotting to IT major Infosys limited which plans to develop their facilities in an area of 130 acres near Indore, the commercial capital of the state.\"The land will be given to Infosys at a rate of Rs 20 lakh per acre. As per the terms and conditions, the IT major will have to ensure jobs to 100 engineers per acre and reserve a minimum 50 per cent jobs to the people belonging to MP\", a government spokesman said.Earlier the state has already allotted 100 acres of land to the company but Infosys had sought 130 acres of land from the state.The state cabinet, president over by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , has decided to compensate the Indore Development Authority (IDA) for the loss to be incurred by it on account of transfer of 30 acres of land to Infosys.Other cabinet decisions include permission to construction and 300 bed hospital building at Chhatrapur, establishing two new colleges in Singrauli district and to set up an Industrial Training Centre and a number of Skill Development centres in Balaghat district.-------", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622481", "title": "'Eunuchs can access justice like any citizen'", "text": "MUMBAI: Eunuchs are equal under the law and can access justice like any citizen, said the Bombay High Court on Tuesdayy, while hearing a PIL by eunuchs for better conditions.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi was hearing a petition filed by the NGO, Salvation of Oppressed Eunuchs, whichh, among others has sought amendments in criminal law, particularly sections 375 (rape), 376 (punishment for rape) and 377 (unnatural sex) of the IPC, to include transgenders as a separate category.The NGO's chairperson, Piyush Saxena, said, \"When we call them chakka or hijra, it is very humiliating for them.\" He added that provisions of the Atrocities Act should be made applicable in such cases.\"You are equal under the law. In a given case, when a particular offence occurs, you can always access justice,\" said Justice Dalvi. Saxena said, \"We have tried but did not get success. Calling an eunuch a hijra is not an offence under the law.\" Justice Shah said, \"You basically want to be under a third category.\"Additional government pleader G W Mattos submitted that as per news reports, the Centre was contemplating amendment to criminal laws to incorporate the neuter gender.Central government advocate Rui Rodrigues sought time to take instructionsin the matter.- Rosy SequeiraThe heaing is adjourned to March 8, 2012 for the State and Centre to make their stands clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11626087", "title": "Tiger found dead in Chandrapur forest", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Decomposed carcass of a full- grown tiger has been found in Jharan range under Ballarpur Forest Project Division near here in east Maharashtra, officials said on Wednesday.The wild cat was over 10 years old and prima facie the cause of death appears to be electrocution, they said.\"There was enough evidence to conclude that the tiger was electrocuted. There is a 11 KV line near the spot where the carcass was found last evening. Some bits of wires were also found near the spot,\" Sanjay Thakre, regional manager, Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM), said.Viscera samples collected after autopsy have been sent for laboratory test to ascertain exact cause of the death, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622260", "title": "De-stress guide leaves parents stressed", "text": "NAGPUR: The CBSE has issued a new stress-buster guidebook for students. But the book has become more of a stress provider to the parents. With 35 different physical, psychological and behavioral reactions to stress mentioned in detail in the CBSE booklet, some parents say students are now linking everything with stress.A parent whose 13-year-old daughter studies at Centre Point School, Katol Road, said, \"The booklet says cold and respiratory infections along with shallow breathing are reactions to stress. My daughter climbs stairs at home, gets tired and says she is under stress! We too took board exams and never realized whether or not we were under stress. But this obsession of school boards with stress management is actually creating a stress for us.\"The rising number of students' suicides is being linked with the pressure to perform or the fear of failure. Before exams, the CBSE as well as the Maharashtra State board start helpline for students. Expert counsellors guide students on ways to deal with the pressure of studies and not take any drastic step under stress. Though the boards' intention is indisputable, it is the side-effect that have got many parents worried.Another parent Manjot Singh, whose son studies in standard XI, said that the word 'stress' has been overdone. \"This is a routine now for students to throw the word 'stress' in any situation. You ask kids why they stay aloof or why they are lazy to keep their room clean, pat comes the reply - \"stress\",. And once they throw the stress-bomb every parent goes on the back foot, allowing the child to have his/her way,\" said Singh.Need to understand child level of functioningStress has become new excuse for students nowadays for schoolstudents. They always call it 'stress' whenever they fail to do their work properly. Dr Pawan Adatia, a psychiatrist, said parents have to carefully discern whether the child's claims are genuine or not.\"Every parent needs to understand their child's normal level of functioning. Every child is different and once parents know that the child is using the stress-word as an excuse, then they have to dig deeper to find the reasons. The child may be having difficulty in a totally different area but uses 'stress' as cover up. Parents must take this very seriously and go beyond the obvious to find the truth,\" said Dr Adatia.Principal of a CBSE school on Koradi Road, said, \"Students nowadays are very smart and they take advantage of things like these. The curriculum has become stress-free already but still they use the word stress to get out of any bad situation. It is the perfect excuse in school nowadays.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622568", "title": "Congress hints at action against Sawant", "text": "MUMBAI: The city unit of the Congress has reacted sharply to open criticism of its election strategy by Ajit Sawant, a general secretary with the city unit. On Monday, he wrote a strongly worded letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, accusing \"certain leaders\" of misleading Chavan and questioning the election preparation and strategy of the party.He raised questions on offering \"winnable\" seats to the ally NCP and even raised a finger of the process of selection of candidates. Sawant alleged that \"leaders with vested interest\" were misguiding Chavan. He also aired his discontent in the media.On Tuesday, the party hinted at disciplinary action against Sawant. \"While it is the right of every party worker to express his views at an appropriate forum, damaging prospects of the party at a time when the election process has begun will not be tolerated,\" said Kishor Joshi, spokesperson for the city unit. Sawant remained unfazed. \"I have raised points which are in the party's interest. I am prepared to face any action,\" he said, adding his letter was based on inputs received from party workers. Congress leaders however termed the Sawant's move as a stunt to attract attention of the party leadership. Sawant rubbished these claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ralegan siddhi", "code": "11620702", "title": "No option but to slap when power to tolerate graft runs out: Hazare", "text": "RALEGAN SIDDHI: In remarks that could stoke a fresh controversy, Gandhian Anna Hazare on Tuesday night said a person is left with no option other than going for a slap when his power of tolerance of corruption runs out.\"When a man's power of tolerance runs out, then whoever is in front of you, if a slap is given, then the brain is put back in place. That is the only road open now\", Hazare told reporters after watching the Hindi film 'Gali Gali Chor Hai' based on the common man's fight against corruption.A special screening of the movie was held for the anti-graft crusader at his native village Ralegan Siddhi in the presence of the film's crew.On November 24 last year, Hazare had sparked a row by appearing to approve of the slapping of Union minister Sharad Pawar by a youth in Delhi. He had, however, later condemned the attack on Pawar.Anna saw the entire film whose screening ended at around 10pm and expressed satisfaction over it, Hazare's aide Datta Awari said.Actors Akshaye Khanna, Shriya Saran and Mugdha Godse , all part of the film, director Rumi Jafferey, and producers Nitin Manmohan and Sanjay Punamija, were among those who attended the screening held near the Shantiniketan ground, Awari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623362", "title": "Local governance is key to better living in cities", "text": "Decentralization of power is the best way to improve the quality of living in Indian cities, feels Alan Sadler, director of Local Government, Local Government House, UK.Sadler, here to deliver a lecture on sustainable cities, was on Tuesday all praise for the country's Panchayati Raj system, in a chat with Arun Janardhanan . He compared India's own governance model of decentralization with that of Localism, a bill introduced in the UK last year that shifts power from the central government back into the hands of individuals, communities and councils.What are the parallels between localism and decentralization? Since politics across the world is facing challenges, it is going to be the concept of decentralization that will give us a space to breathe. Here, in simple terms, it shifts the power back to grassroots level, including local administrations and communities. Localism helps a lot in governance and management and (has been) improving the quality of life in Britain since it was implemented last year.How does local governance aid societal development? The local government systems bridge the gap between policy makers and the common man. In the UK, the Local Government House has 50 % representation from policy makers, government funding agencies and legal authorities, while the rest is represented by people from the grassroots, including elected candidates and officials of local bodies. This resolves the crisis of delay in implementing major projects and makes the system more transparent. I have heard of a few states in India that successfully implemented Panchayati Raj, a decentralized power system. It has to be modelled in many more states and a unified agency representing local governments and bridging the power centres should be set up.How can localism actually make cities livable? There was no source segregation of waste about 10 years back in London . The concept of source segregation was something impossible for the city administration. Now at least 50 % of the waste is perfectly segregated and the rest is segregated manually and using machines. In the Chennai context, rag pickers could be employed for segregation and collection of waste at the grassroots level. Giving complete economic and administrative freedom to corporations and municipalities would help make this possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11623819", "title": "'EVM chaupal\u2019 in Ramabai Nagar", "text": "KANPUR: Information technology has brought about revolutionary changes in the elections but the traditional chaupal still has its relevance. Over 1,292 booth-level officers (BLOs) and students from various schools and colleges attended the firstphase of the training programme called 'EVM Lal Lagaye Chaupal' for all the four Assembly constituencies in Ramabai Nagar on Tuesday. District magistrate Mayur Maheshwari and other officials attended the `EVM Lal Lagaye Chaupal' at the Hindi Bhawan.\"The concept of 'EVM Lal Lagaye Chaupal' was to make training session a little interesting. Schoolchildren, representing as 'EVM Lal' were roped in at the session,\" said Maheshwari. Returning officers and other authorities conducted the training sessions for BLOs. The procedures to be followed on the poll day, model code of conduct and the functioning of electronic voting machines were explained to the participants. Election officials sensitised the BLOs over keeping a strict vigil on poll violations and pass on the information to the zonal officers and the returning officers.Maheshwari told the BLOs to follow the procedures given by the Election Commission and see that there are no violations. \"During the polling exercise, if the officers had any doubts, they should immediately contact the returning officers,\" he said. He asked the BLOs to speed up the distribution of booth slips to the voters. Ramabai Nagar has 11.51 lakh voters. There are 6.34 lakh men and 5.17 lakh women voters. The booth slips should reach the voters. There should not be any delay in the distribution, he stressed.Election officials said the BLOs would be deputed to work in 1,305 polling booths across Bhognipur, Akbarpur Rania, Sikandara and Rasoolabad Assembly constituencies in the district on the polling day on February 23.He advocated the importance of error-free electoral roll. Maheshwari encouraged BLOs to work sincerely because it is their work which will make the electoral system efficient and strengthen the democratic structure of the nation. Various problems related to non-EPIC voters, bogus voters, duplication, underage voters were also discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11624084", "title": "Sarna alleges votes being purchased", "text": "Delhi Sikh Gurudwara Management Committee president Paramjit Singh Sarna has alleged that in the two constituencies being contested by the father-son Badal duo, money was being offered for votes and the rate of per vote had risen to Rs 15,000.Addressing a press conference, he said he had informed the Congress leaders and had asked them to lodge a complaint with the Election Commission.Sarna, meanwhile, accused SAD leadership of finishing the Panthic character of Akali Dal completely, adding now Sukhbir was running the party as his own company.He defended Capt Amarinder Singh, stating that he earnestly tried to resolve whenever any issue of Sikhs was taken up with him and contributed greatly in celebrating various centenaries relating to Sikh history during his tenure.Punjab Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "i was sent, by email, by the festival organizers, an email on which very senior rajasthan government officials were cc'd and the email was sent at their request, with their knowledge and approval. and what it told me was", "code": "11622455", "title": "Salman Rushdie: Rajasthan govt lied to me", "text": "I was sent, by email, by the festival organizers, an email on which very senior Rajasthan Government officials were cc'd and the email was sent at their request, with their knowledge and approval. And what it told me was: first of all, the likelihood of protests such as the ones you've seen today.But it also told me specifically that they had received intelligence from Maharashtra that a Bombay mafia don had handed weapons and money to two hit men who were on their way to Jaipur to, as the email said, eliminate me. At the first instance I was not told the names of these people. So I wrote back and I said, \"Look, if somebody is trying to kill me and you know the name then I deserve to know those names\". So then they sent me three names. I have my own contacts in Bombay...I sent these names to them and said \"Could you please tell me if these names make any sense to you and who they might be?\" One of the names, this guy Sakib Nachan I think, who was identified as a member of that banned group SIMI, and obviously is a person with a violent history, but no known contacts to the Bombay underworld.The other two underworld names were frankly ones that everybody who responded to these emails said they'd never heard them. And afterwards I read in the Indian press Bombay Police officials saying that the names were funny and had made them laugh. These were non-existent names.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11621204", "title": "Balli riots: Photojourno, Velip, depose before Shah commission", "text": "MARGAO: Justice S K Shah, the one-man commission probing the May 25, 2011, Balli riots, on Tuesday examined photojournalist Soiru Komarpant and one of the tribal leaders, Prakash Arjun Velip, who deposed before him.On Monday, SP Tony Fernandes who was officiating as SP South during the Balli agitation deposed before the commission. The then district collector, G P Naik, was also called to conclude his deposition, but failed to turn up on health grounds, sources said.Poinguinim MLA Ramesh Tawadkar is likely to be examined by the commission on Wednesday, while the deposition of PSI Hiru Kavlekar is also likely to be concluded on Wednesday.Justice S K Shah already visited the Balli junction in November 2011, the place where thousands of tribals had assembled leading to violence and death. Lawyers A P Cardozo, Vinoj Daniel and Pritam Moraes have been assisting Justice Shah in the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11624350", "title": "32 candidates file nominations", "text": "VARANASI: Thirty two candidates from different political parties, including some independents, filed their nomination papers for eight assembly constituencies of the district on Tuesday.It was a hectic day at all the nomination offices of eight assembly constituencies of the district on collectorate premises since morning.With the opening of nomination offices at 11 am, the arrival of candidates started and continued till the end of process at 3 pm. Though the district election office had already prescribed the number of persons who could accompany the candidates, a large number of supporters, especially of Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party, entered the barricaded area near the nomination offices. Whenever the policemen tried to remove the supporters from the restricted area, the latter created a high drama.ADM (city) M P Singh and SP (city) M S Chauhan who were monitoring the security arrangements by staying there had to intervene on many occasions, asking the supporters to quit the barricaded area. A high drama was also witnessed when the police ousted the supporters of a BSP candidate forcibly when they indulged in sloganeering in support of their leader.Except these incidents, the nomination process remained peaceful as no candidate tried to reach the district headquarters with big processions due to strict monitoring by static surveillance teams and also the observers of Election Commission. Maximum nominations were filed for Sevapuri, City North and Cantonment assembly areas.The candidates fielded by SP from all eight assembly areas completed the formalities of nomination filing on Tuesday, while four candidates each from Congress and BSP filed their nomination. For Rohania assembly constituency, Manoj Rai Dhoopchandi of SP, Mohd Iqbal Ansari (independent), Abhay Patel (Bhartiya Samaj Party) and Sunil Kumar (Rashtriya Samanta Dal) filed their nominations.For Cantonment assembly constituency, Aflatoon Desai (independent), Chandra Kumar Mishra alias Guddu Maharaj (BSP), Ashfaq Ahmed Guddu (SP), Mohd Javed Ansari (independent), Anil Srivastava (Congress) and Rohit Yadav (Rashtriya Lok Manch (RLM)) turned up to file their nominations. Six candidates - Sujit Maurya (BSP), Abdul Samad Ansari (SP), Arun Kesari (RLM), Harishchandra Srivastava (Indian Justice Party), Ramakant Singh (Qaumi Ekta Dal) and Om Prakash Singh (independent) - filed their nominations for City North assembly area.For City South assembly constituency, Ishteqbal Qureshi (SP), Daya Shankar Mishra Dayalu (Congress) and Mohd Iqbal (independent) reached collectorate campus to file their nomination papers. For Shivpur assembly constituency, Radha Krishna alias Sanjay Yadav (Bhartiya Samaj Party), Udaylal Maurya (BSP), Piyush Yadav (SP) and Subhash Chandra (independent) filed their nominations.Three candidates Neelratan Patel Neelu (Apna Dal), Harshvardhan Singh (Congress) and Surendra Patel (SP) filed their nominations for Sevapuri constituency. Two candidates from Pindra assembly area - Akhilesh Mishra (SP) and Sushil Kumar Patel (Janata Dal United) turned up to file their nominations. For Ajgara (SC) assembly constituency, five candidates - Lalji Sonekar (SP), T Ram (BSP), Mevalal Bagi (Congress), Harischandra Sonekar (RLM) and Dashrath Prasad Vanvasi (independent) filed their nominations.UP Elections 2012 newsElections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622608", "title": "Minorities panel seeks 13/7 report from Maha govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Commission for Minorities (NCM) has sought a report from the Maharashtra government about the arrest of 13/7 blast accused Naquee Ahmed.Naquee's brother Taquee Ahmed met NCM chairman Wajahat Habibullah and submitted a petition saying he was wrongly arrested by the ATS. Habibullah forwarded the petition to NCM member Keki N Daruwalla, who looks into cases from Maharashtra.Daruwalla said, \"We have indications from the Delhi Police that Naquee was helping the special cell with the case.\"The NCM faxed a letter on January 20 seeking the report to Maharashtra home secretary, director-general of police and ATS chief. This was followed by letters to them via post. Daruwalla had tried speaking to all the three officers, but could not. \"I could only speak to the state home secretary. I asked for a just report and a just investigation,\" he said.Naquee (22), a resident of Bihar's Darbhanga, was detained on January 10, 2012. He was living in Delhi's Sarita Vihar running Taquee's shop selling bags. Taquee was studying MBA at a Delhi institute.Maharashtra ATS chief Rakesh Maria on Monday told reporters that Naquee was indoctrinated by IM chief Yasin Bhatkal. Naquee helped Bhatkal rent the third floor flat in Byculla's Habib Building last year, Maria claimed.Naquee's family on Tuesday said they would ask for the testimony of the Delhi Police Special Cell officers whom Naquee was reportedly helping covertly. Taquee said he wasn't aware that his brother knew Bhatkal.Besides NCM, Taquee said they have approached the National Human Rights Commission, Delhi Police Commissioner and Union home minister P Chidambaram for help. \"My brother is innocent. He was helping the Special Cell (of Delhi Police) from December 9, 2011, to January 9 after they approached him for help in a case. We will go to the court and other forums to get justice for my brother,\" Taquee said at a press conference.He was flanked by representatives of Jamia Teachers' Solidarity Association and ANHAD.Taquee said, \"The two Special Cell officers assured me they would go to court and testify that my brother Naquee was indeed helping in their investigation and that he is innocent.\"JTSA's Manisha Sethi said it was a case of 'irresponsible investigation' by the Maharashtra ATS. \"The ATS should explain under what circumstances Naquee was arrested,\" Sethi said.Activists Shabnam Hashmi of ANHAD, Sethi and Ahmed Sohaib of Jamia Teachers' Solidarity Association have written to Chidambaram about the `one-upmanship' among various investigative agencies in the blast case.\"Here is a young man, willing to offer his best cooperation in an effort to help the police in their anti-terror operations. But he is himself claimed by the one-upmanship among various investigative agencies. Is this how the 'war on terror' will be fought - by victimization, harassment of Muslims and violation of the due processes of law?\" Hashmi and JTSA wrote to Chidambaram.Naquee's name cropped up after it was learnt that he knew Gayur Ahmad Jamali, one of the seven IM suspects, arrested by the Delhi Police.Naquee's cousin Shahid said, \"Naquee had met Gayur through his nephew in a Darbhanga madrasa. Gayur had called Naquee for help in getting a room for two of his acquaintances.\" Naquee introduced them to a property broker since he had lived in Mumbai for a while. For about a month since December, Naquee has been regularly questioned by the Delhi Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11628353", "title": "Lata Mangeshkar sings for Kareena Kapoor", "text": "Way back in 2006, Lata Mangeshkar had recorded a song for Madhur Bhandarkar's \"Corporate\".After recording the song, the director and the composer had felt that it was best to store and use it for a different movie. This song will now be used in \"Heroine\" and will have Mangeshkar singing to Kareena Kapoor's lips.Says composer Shameer Tandon, \"I recorded the song titled \"Kyun yahan hota hai/Jo yahan hota hai\" when Madhur was making \"Corporate\".The lyrics were penned by Sandeep Nath. However, when we finished recording, we felt the song would be more suited for some other Madhur movie. That's why we kept it on hold. Now, we have decided to use it for Kareena in \"Heroine\".\"The recording of this song has been interestingly done too. \"Three days before the number was supposed to be recorded, Lataji went to a Mumbai studio. I was in Singapore then when she called me up and said that she wanted to record it. I had to dub her voice from Singapore and was on the phone for over an hour while she recorded it in a Mumbai studio,\" Shameer says. The composer says that Mangeshkar is happy that the song is being used in a relevant place. As aparting shot, he says, \"Lataji is ecstatic since she loves the idea of having the song used for a correct sequence where it is relevant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "11623968", "title": "Hiremath seer murdered over property dispute", "text": "BIJAPUR: Shivacharya Swamiji of Hirematha at Kakkalameli village in Sindagi taluk was allegedly murdered by unidentified persons here on Monday night. Property dispute is said to be the reason behind the incident.According to police, the seer was attacked with deadly weapons when he went out on Monday night. The whole day he was busy blessing his devotees ahead of Amavasya. The seer, who went out at 7 pm, came back after some time and shouted for help, saying he was beaten up by some people.Devotees took him to Sindagi hospital from where he was shifted to Solapur hospital. He breathed his last on the way. The seer, who was born in 1974 at Kakkalameali village in Sindagi taluk, occupied the Peeth in 1998. According to Ajay Ghatage his erstwhile relatives Gurubai and Mantamma and close associate Siddhalingappa Halledappanavar, the reason could be property dispute with his cousins. There were attempts to attack him earlier also and once his car was burnt.The case is pending in Sindagi court. His final rites were performed on the mutt premises on Tuesday evening. A case has been registered at Sinagi police station.Apart from 25 seers of various mutts, a large number of devotees paid tributes to him. Shops and business establishments at Kakkalameli village remained closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622415", "title": "Cong\u2019s vote-bank politics stands exposed: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Tuesday blasted the Congress on its communal vote-bank politics and its handling of author Salman Rushdie's visit row, saying it is an attack on the freedom of speech and has exposed the party.\"Rushdie episode has exposed Congress for its worst communal vote-bank politics. The move to ask four authors to pack up and leave Jaipur (Literature Festival) was also an attack on freedom of speech,\" BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said at a media briefing here.The Rajasthan government came up with an intelligence input from the Mumbai Police about two shooters coming in Jaipur to kill Rushdie. The Mumbai Police refused to share the information, and clarified that no such input was sent from its end.Javadekar alleged that the Congress has \"stooped very low for communal vote-bank politics\" ahead of Uttar Pradesh polls as it wants to wriggle out of the controversy over the killing of members of the minority community in police firing in Rajasthan recently.\"The way some demonstrators were allowed to reach the festival pandal shows that the episode was pre-planned as the state government had claimed that there was ample security for the ongoing festival,\" he alleged.The BJP leader said his party condemns \"this crass communal politics\" of Congress and wondered why the brigade of champions of freedom of expression is silent on this.\"The attempt to block the video link also must be viewed from vote-bank politics angle. It also exposed Congress of its real intentions to impose censorship on internet communication,\" he added.In another statement, the BJP criticized the government for its 13/7 Mumbai terror probe fiasco. It said the contradictions between the Mumbai Police and the home ministry \"once again exposed total lack of coordination among the various investigating agencies.\"\"The Intelligence Bureau has now made clear that the arrested persons by Mumbai ATS are their informer. It has also brought out a vivid failure to solve any of the eight terror attacks, which have taken place after P Chidambaram took over as Home Minister,\" the party alleged.This needs a deeper introspection of why security agencies are failing to solve or crack any of the terror cases, the party said. \"Is it because investigative agencies are demoralized on account of political directions and utterances of the leaders like Digvijay Singh?\" it asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622553", "title": "'Eye' campaign hopes to drive home the point", "text": "NAGPUR: Seated on the footpath, facing the walls of the Nag River, members of Zero Gravity made a tireless effort to work for the cause of spreading awareness regarding the abysmal condition of the river.From 9am till 5pm, volunteers and members sat and drew on the walls. Only eyes were to be drawn and so each brush painted an eye to convey that people are watching and they know exactly the amount of effort taken by the government to clean the river.Artists from AlagAngle are in the forefront of the campaign. \"I believe people will see it and will try to get involved in the project. They will realize that the river needs to be free from dirt and kept hygienic. After all, it's about cleaning and maintaining a river that gave the city its name,\" said Barkha Goenka, an artist.\"Last year the work stopped and everything is back to square one. Now that we are doing the campaign again, I hope the efforts to clean the river would be sincere and lasting,\" said Riddhi Saboo, a volunteer.Maitreyi Jichkar, who heads Zero Gravity, said that the eye she was making has a lot to convey. \"The fire above the eyes indicates anger among the citizens while the question mark in the eye ball implies that the people seek an answer as to why has the whole progress been stopped. The eye drop tells that people are upset about the condition of the river.\"The painting will continue for couple of days more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11623358", "title": "Slum board has highrise plan to collect funds", "text": "CHENNAI: The cash-strapped Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board (TNSCB) has hit upon a new way to gather funds. It plans to build an 18-storey office complex on Anna Salai at Nandanam and use money from sale or lease of the building to maintain slum tenements in the city.The building will be located on TNSCB land adjoining the Tufidco-Powerfin building which houses the offices of some government agencies.\"This is our biggest such project. It is expected to cost 100 crore,\" said a senior TNSCB official who did not wish to be named.\"This amount covers construction costs as well as payment for premium floor space index to Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA). Additionally, since the building will be eco-friendly, we are also looking at a Leadership in Energy And Environmental Design (LEED) certification. The project is expected to be completed by March 2014.\"The built-up area of the structure will measure over 1.8 lakh square feet. It will be built on a 22 ground plot of land. With rental rate in the area at 70/sqft and selling price at 10,000/sqft, the board is looking at a monthly revenue of 126 lakh or 180 crore from outright sale.The revenue earned will go into a corpus account and the interest earned would be used to maintain various slum tenements on the outskirts of the city where the city's poor have been rehabilitated. The board currently requires 50 crore annually to maintain tenements in the city.The land in Nandanam was previously inhabited by slum dwellers in temporary lodgings. But the state government evacuated and rehabilitated them in 2001, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11622205", "title": "Modi skips Punjab, Uttarakhand campaign", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi has decided not to campaign for the party in Punjab and Uttarakhand where polling for assembly elections will be held on January 30. Modi believes that antiincumbency is working against the BJP in both the states and he would not like to share the blame for the likely loss.It is learnt that the party headquarters had communicated to Modi in early January that he would be required to campaign in the two northern states and they had enquired about the dates convenient to him. Modi's office replied that the chief minister wanted to know in which constituencies he would be required to campaign.Central BJP sources said the party president Nitin Gadkari found this query strange and is learnt to have told inner circles that campaigners should not be allowed to dictate the locations; these were matters best left for the party to decide. There was no further communication from the party's side and the CM's office also did not pursue the matter. As things stand today, campaigning will end in these two states on January 28 and it is highly unlikely that Modi will be roped in at the last moment - he already has programmes within Gujarat lined up for the next four days.So far, Modi has not campaigned in any of the states going to polls shortly. Even Sushma Swaraj skipped the two states on health grounds.The party is expected to dispatch Modi to Uttar Pradesh in the coming days but it is not clear if the constituencies will be left to him to decide or it is the party's sole prerogative. Earlier, the party had decided that Modi should be kept away from the UP poll campaign, lest he polarises the Muslim votes against the party.Subsequently, it was decided to send him to areas where Muslim votes were not critical to the outcome of the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11623276", "title": "Jorhat jail likely to be a museum", "text": "JORHAT: The jail department has decided to upgrade the 100-year-old Jorhat Central Jail to a musuem after shifting the present prison to another place in the district. A proposal has been sent to the government for approval.This was revealed by social welfare and jail minister Akon Bora at a press conference held at Jorhat DRDA conference hall on Tuesday.Addressing the media here, Bora said, \"We have decided to upgrade the Jorhat Central Jail to a freedom movement museum in the state. A proposal has been sent to government and we are awaiting its approval. The chief minister has also expressed keen interest on the matter and therefore we are hopeful of starting the project soon.\"''However, before the upgrade of the jail, the present prison will be shifted to another place in the district. We have asked the district administration to find a suitable place,\" the minister said. He added that his department has taken up this project in to pay homage to prominent freedom fighters who were imprisoned here.\"Many eminent freedom fighters of the state like Vaisnaviate saint Pitambor Dev Goswami, Gopinath Bordoloi, Konoklata, Kushal Konwar, Fokoruddin Ali Ahmad were kept here during the freedom movement. So, we want to preserve the place for the future generations. We think the place will be a tourist destination after the upgrade,\" said Bora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622586", "title": "NRHM scam: Kushwaha\u2019s role in 12 contracts under scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI sources on Tuesday claimed that they are investigating the role of former UP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha in at least 12 contracts related to the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. Kushwaha has been named in an FIR related to upgrade of 134 district hospitals, in which project manager Sunil Verma was also one of the main accused. Verma had on Monday committed suicide at his Lucknow residence.Sources say that \"Kushwaha, former family welfare minister of BSP government, had given a go ahead for this contract of 134 district hospitals and money was parted with him. We have learnt that he was also involved in giving final approval to several private companies under various other projects of NRHM\".About Verma's role, sources claimed that \"he was the technical approver of this project in which there was a loss of Rs 5.46 crore to the exchequer. He had approved the tender without consulting various government committees and also did not tally the required rates. The contract approval by him to M/s Surgicoin had benefitted the government officials and private company. The rates of the contract were kept at Rs 13.5 crore, which were five times higher than market rates. Verma had approved these rates without any crosscheck and Surgicoin was selected,\" said the officer.The agency on Tuesday questioned around 12 officials, including Bharat Singh, Chief General Manager of UP Jal Nigam's Construction and Design Services (C and DS).Singh was among 12 people including the witnesses, suspects and accused questioned by the agency in connection with eight cases registered by it relating to alleged swindling of funds in NRHM, CBI sources said.Singh was questioned about various projects undertaken by the C and DS under the NRHM and about the upgrade of hospitals across the state, agency sources said.UPCDS has come under the CBI scanner with GM P K Jain in the custody in the case relating to allegedly causing a loss of Rs 5.46 crore.The CBI has alleged that Rs 13.4 crore was given to C and DS for the upgrade work of districts hospitals which was outsourced to a Ghaziabad-based firm on the basis of bogus and forged documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11624065", "title": "Top IPS officials in Mumbai who've held on to quarters get eviction orders", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move that has created waves in the Mumbai police, commissioner Arup Patnaik has come down with a hard hand on senior IPS officials who were continuing to occupy their official quarters even after being transferred out of Mumbai. The CP has issued eviction orders to over a dozen high-ranking IPS officials , among them former joint commissioner of police Sanjay Barve and controversial IPS officer Bipin Bihari. All the officials have also been asked to pay penalty rent, which runs into lakhs of rupees.Additional chief secretary (home) U C Sarangi confirmed that the eviction orders had been issued. \"I have been told that when the IPS officials failed to vacate even after being served a notice, Patnaik issued eviction orders,\" he said. \"He has sent a comprehensive report to the government. We are sure that the erring officials will now immediately vacate the quarters so that they can be allotted to officials who are in line.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622850", "title": "B-Focused teaches team work at Wonderland High School", "text": "NAGPUR: Students and teachers were extremely enthusiastic about the workshop. \"Positive attitude is extremely important. An individual's negative attitude is solely responsible for his/her failure and not any external faction,\" said Shobha Dhanwatay, director, Workskills Training Academy (WTA) while addressing the students during the Education Times B Focused workshop at Wonderland High School, Koradi Road.Students and teachers were all geared up about the workshop aimed at enabling students to craft their own life, realizing their potential and aptitude and following their hearts. \"I think such workshops are very effective as children these days are very confused over career choices,\" said Indrani Roychodhury, social studies teacher.She also said that it is their attitude that many a times hampers their growth. \"Children tend to ignore the advice given by teachers or parents. But guidance given by a third party is always more effective,\" Roychodhury added.The workshop has been trying to inspire and enable students to find out their hidden talent and work towards enhancing it, exploring their inner strength and weaknesses. Along with that it is focusing on making the children realize the importance of team work while maintaining a spirit of individuality.Over the period of time when it has been visiting different schools, the workshop has continuously modelled and re-modelled the activities to make it more interesting and effective. \"This time we have made small alterations in the Just A Minute activity,\" Dhanwatay added.Quotes with picsSuch workshops empower children and push them to be more focused in life. I believe if a career is chosen according to one's interest then the students will go a long way. The workshop will also help them analyze their strengths and weaknesses.Gurjit Kaur DirectorThe puzzle activity was interesting and taught us about the importance of looking out for our team members in a team activity. The workshop also helped us in improving our mental abilities like problem solving.Shraddha Khadipure XThe most important lesson learnt was of team work. Team work makes any task easier and helps us to understand the importance of cooperation and make adjustments.Mansi Lakhwani XThe workshop has taught that five factors- attention, problem solving ability, speed, flexibility and memory along with hard-work are the most important tools for success.Sanket Khatri IXIt was an interesting workshop which provided us an opportunity to think about our career choices. It was educational, motivational and inspired us to choose right goals for our life.Tarun Lalwani XThe most important learning was that our attitude was the biggest factor in our success. While a positive attitude will help us, a negative one will take us down.Sakshi Tekam IX", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11626870", "title": "US-based Sikhs file lawsuits against Jay Leno, NBC", "text": "JALANDHAR: Notwithstanding the US state department's argument that comedian Jay Leno's comments were satirical in nature and constitutionally protected under free speech, two separate complaints against Leno have been lodged in the US - one with the Federal Communications Commission and the other with the superior court of California.The US-based Sikh rights group \" Sikhs for Justice\" (SFJ) has lodged a complaint with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) of the US government - which regulates the broadcast of television programs, analyzes the complaints and conducts investigations - against the \"objectionable depiction of Golden Temple\" by NBC Talk Show Host Jay Leno on January 19, 2012.Meanwhile California based Dr Randeep Dhillon has filed a suit for damages for Libel in the superior court of California against Jay Leno and NBC.The SFJ complaint filed with Joel Gurin, bureau chief, consumer &amp; governmental affairs bureau at FCC states that \"Jay Leno's depiction of the Golden Temple as the home of the rich is racist, derogatory, defamatory, contrary to the reality, inimical to the principles of Sikhism, and thus hurtful to the sentiments of the Sikh community.\" The complaint demands imposition of sanctions against Leno \"for spreading racism\" and against NBC \"for airing contents ridiculing a place of worship.\"Attorney Gurpatwant Singh Pannun, legal advisor to SFJ, said \"while we value and honour freedom of speech protected by the First Amendment but the First Amendment is not a tool to ridicule a religion or to spread untrue, biased and racist information.\" This is not the first time that Jay Leno has shown disrespect and bias towards Sikhs and their faith. Earlier, in 2007 Jay Leno had called Sikhs as 'diaper heads' referring to the turban worn by Sikhs in compliance with their religious edict.\"Jay Leno's wrongful depiction of the Golden Temple is more hurtful to the sentiments of the Sikh community because any disrespectful or derogatory remark about the temple brings back the tormenting memories of June 1984 Operation Blue Star in the minds of the Sikhs in which thousands of Sikh pilgrims were killed,\" attorney Pannun added. SFJ also announced to hold a protest rally on February 2 in front of the NBC Headquarters in New York City demanding that the NBC sack Jay Leno for his remarks about the Golden Temple.Dr Randeep Dhillon's libel suit in the superior court of California against Jay Leno and NBC said that the \"publication\" (comments) was made intentionally and it hurt the sentiments of the all the Sikh people in addition to the plaintiff.It said, \"The publication and broadcast was libelous on its face and clearly exposes plaintiff, other Sikhs and their religion to hatred, contempt, ridicule and obloquy because it falsely portrays the holiest place in the Sikh religion as a vacation resort owned by a non-Sikh. Holding that the publication and broadcast warranted an award of punitive and exemplary damages the petition has prayed for general damages, special damages, punitive damages and any further relief as deemed just and fair by the court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622723", "title": "Handover of roads to hit repairs: MCD", "text": "NEW DELHI: The lieutenant governor's notification asking for transfer of 60-foot wide and above roads from Municipal Corporation of Delhi to the Delhi Government is likely to hit the ongoing repair work. With MCD failing to maintain 499 such roads, the Delhi government will be maintaining these roads.\"The LG notification came on Friday, and the roads will be transferred to the Delhi government. However, so much repair work is going on and will be affected if the transfer takes place,\" said a senior MCD official.With the municipal elections nearing, the councillors are worried that work in their wards will get delayed. \"Let the work be first completed before the handover. The transition will get in the way of completion of work and it will is the citizens who will suffer,\" said VP Pandey, MCD councillor.MCD is also building roads under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission scheme.\"A lot of funds will be wasted as MCD is carrying out repairs and dense carpeting on many roads. The Delhi government is taking over the roads only to weaken the civic agency. It is justifying the decision by saying they have received many complaints about the poor condition of the roads. Even the PWD roads are maintained by MCD. This step seems to be a political move as MCD is led by the BJP,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, MCD standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11623825", "title": "Man, parents get jail for dowry death", "text": "KANPUR: District and sessions judge, Ramabai Nagar Ali Zamin convicted Amar Singh and his parents Ram Ratan and Shiv Devi for dowry death and sentenced them for 10 years of rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 25,000.Amar, a resident of Roora, married Reena, daughter of Siyaram, on May 5, 2007. He was demanding a motorcycle and Rs 50,000 as dowry from his in-laws. When they expressed inability to provide him motorcycle, he and his parents strangulated Reena and hanged her dead body from the roof of the room to give the murder a colour of suicide. R-I for murder bid: Additional district and sessions judge Neelkandh Sahay convicted Suraj Bali for making an attempt to kill a man and sentenced him for six years rigorous imprisonment, with a fine of Rs 5,000. Suraj Bali had purchased some goods from the shop of Hussain at Gangapur Colony under Bidhnu town. They had heated arguments over payment. On May 26, 2010 around 2 pm, Suraj Bali reached Hussain's house and inflicted knife blows to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11623066", "title": "PU Syndicate okays 325-cr deficit budget", "text": "PATNA: Patna University Syndicate on Tuesday approved Rs 325-crore deficit budget for the next financial year (2012-13).The budget estimates envisage an expenditure of Rs 348 crore against an income of about Rs 23 crore. The budget estimates would now be placed before the Senate at its annual meeting scheduled for February 18.The Syndicate, at its meeting held here under the chairmanship of VC Shambhu Nath Singh, also appointed nine teachers in the rank of assistant professors for College of Arts and Crafts on the recommendation of the university selection committee. The selection committee had made the recommendations on the basis of a written test, interview and academic background. Altogether 11 posts of teachers in this college have been lying vacant for several years. The interview to select the college principal, the post of which has also been lying vacant for quite some time, could not be held due to some technical reasons.The Syndicate also cleared promotions to a large number of teachers whose cases were pending for long. The VC announced that the pay fixation of redesignated demonstrators would be finalized soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ayodhya (faizabad)", "code": "11623705", "title": "Pious Saryu seeks political salvation", "text": "AYODHYA (FAIZABAD): Considered by many as a river which enables its devotees to wash off their sins, Saryu, the mythological river which flows through the temple town of Ayodhya, is engaged tackling increased levels of pollution. However, leaders from different political parties are yet to take note of this menace. The river has never figured among the poll issues in this holy town.A major chunk of the population of the district including the twin towns of Ayodhya and Faizabad depends on Saryu to water for drinking and irrigation purposes. However, due to high concentration of toxic chemicals, the water has become unfit for human consumption and is also destroying the fertility of land.The underground water level in areas, located in 25-30 kilometres radius along the river depends on Saryu's water.The increasing level of pollution is directly affecting the quality of the ground water.According to a recent survey conducted by a government agency, nitrogen and iron levels in the water samples collected from areas adjoining Saryu river exceeded the safe limit, both for human consumption as well as for irrigating the fields.The water was also found salty and hard. A senior officer of Jal Nigam said that all the water tests have come up with negative result, forcing the officials to come up with better alternatives to provide pure drinking water to the residents of Kanshi Ram Colony (in Ayodhya), considered to be one of the pet projects of chief minister Mayawati.The pollution control board had conducted a series of tests of groundwater in 2009-10 and found that 109 samples contained harmful chemicals leading to serious illness and destroying the land fertility rapidly.The percentage of nitrogen in the water sample was found to be 70.8 units, while the safe limit is 45 units.Despite the gravity of the problem, no candidate has any promise for this life-giving river.In fact, candidates who are contesting the election and those who won from the Ayodhya in the past never showed any interest in the river.Most of the candidates in the fray refused to comment when questions were asked about the disinterest shown by them towards Saryu. Residents of the temple town, however, lamented about the present scheme of things.Mahant Raghuvar Sharan, chief priest of Rasik temple in Ayodhya said, \"It is indeed shameful that our representatives are least bothered about Saryu river, which is the lifeline of the temple town. We consider Saryu as the most pious. Saryu could not grab political attention, since it could not earn votes.\"Ramesh Agrawal, a trader in Ayodhya, said that about 25 years ago, Saryu was so pure that people used to drink its water while swimming. \"However, the scenario is not the same this time. Now, if we take a dip in Saryu, we get serious skin infection.\"Gopal Krishna, a social activist was of the view that the main reason behind the increasing pollution of Saryu was unplanned drainage system of twin cities of Ayodhya and Faizabad. \"All the waste, whether domestic wastes or industrial waste goes directly to the Saryu. No government has thought of establishing a treatment plant,\"he added.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622676", "title": "2 held for thefts at designer outlets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two elderly woman have been arrested for allegedly frequenting outlets of fashion designers and decamping with expensive clothes. They targeted shops of well-known designers. Bridal wear worth lakhs has been recovered from them.\"The woman Neelam, 55, and Kanta, 50, would steal clothes and sell them off under the brand name of Neelam in the Chandni Chowk market,\" said Devesh Chandra Srivastva, addl CP (central).On January 6, fashion designer Shruti Dudani, who runs a boutique in Karol Bagh, approached the police and informed them that five persons, including three women, came to her shop posing as customers and bargained for about half an hour before leaving the shop.\"After they left, the complainant noticed that two bridal lehngas worth around Rs 2 lakh each, and four ladies' suits worth Rs 50,000, were missing from her boutique,\" Srivastva added. The police registered a case and checked the CCTV footages of the boutique to no avail. \"On the basis of local inputs, a raid was conducted and both the accused arrested,\" Srivastava said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11625984", "title": "HP appoints Jim Merritt as senior Vice President", "text": "NEW DELHI: HP announced the appointment of Jim Merritt as senior vice president and general manager of Enterprise Servers, Storage and Networking (ESSN) Sales in Asia Pacific and Japan (APJ).Merritt brings a successful history of revenue and profit growth while building a high-performance sales culture to improve accountability, results and customer focus. He will report to Dave Donatelli, executive vice president and general manager of ESSN and Technology Services.\"With APJ organizations increasingly leading the way to cloud computing and other service-driven IT models, they need an innovative and experienced technology partner to help them drive their businesses forward,\" said Donatelli. \"James brings an exceptional talent for understanding customers' needs, particularly as they apply in the dynamic APJ marketplace.\"Merritt has held a number of global and regional senior management posts, most recently at Dell, where he was president of Global Sales with responsibilities for both direct and indirect sales to corporate customers. He spent the last 13 years with Dell in global and regional sales roles, including four years within APJ. Under his leadership, the APJ region achieved strong, double digit revenue and profit growth.Prior to Dell, Merritt spent more than 15 years with IBM in a variety of leadership roles, including vice president of Worldwide Marketing and Strategy for the server group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11615222", "title": "Nikhil dons a new avatar for Tamanchey", "text": "Nikhil Dwivedi has donned a new avatar for his next film \" Tamanchey\". He has almost doubled up as an executive producer, helping out first-time producer Suryaveer Singh.Since the director of the film is also a first timer, Nikhil has been personally involved in assembling a worthy technical crew and specialists for the film. So much so that many corporate honchos are now taking note and talking of how \"Tamanchey\" is being shot with precise planning and could do well despite a modest budget.The film's visual director and camera crew is from Hollywood. The film has a song director who is leaving no stone unturned to make the songs look visually appealing.Sources say that in \"Tamanchey\", which is an intense love story set against the backdrop of crime, Nikhil Dwivedi plays a character inspired from the underworld don Abu Salem, though the producer vehemently denies any such inspiration or association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11623428", "title": "A new reservoir at Rs 330cr", "text": "CHENNAI: The city's water supply needs will soon get a boost with the government's ambitious plans for a new reservoir in Thervoy Kandigai in neighbouring Tiruvallur district. The project is estimated to cost Rs 330 crore and will be the fifth reservoir after Red Hills, Poondi, Chembarambakkam and Cholavaram.In order to augment the water needs of the expanding city limits, the state has already announced several projects that would improve the present storage capacity of reservoirs. The Red Hills, Poondi and Chembarambakkam reservoirs in Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram districts can hold 3.2 and 3.3 tmcft while Cholavaram can store only 0.9 tmcft. During the monsoon, 5,000 to 7,000 cusecs of flood water gets released from the water bodies to the sea due to their inadequacy in storage capacity. There is already a shortage of supply of 400 mld in the city with water managers struggling to meet the daily demand of 1,100 million litres.The proposed reservoir will link the existing water bodies in Thervoy Kandigai and Kannankottai villages, about five km from Palavakkam and 14 km from Uthukottai in Andhra-Tamil Nadu border. \"The plan is to store 1 tmcft (1,000 million cubic ft) diverted from Kandaleru-Poondi canal near the state border through a special diversion channel. The Poondi canal receives at least eight tmcft Krishna water from Kandaleru reservoir and a portion of it can be easily diverted for future needs,\" said a senior government officer.The new diversion channel of the Kandaleru-Poondi canal, 7.5 km long, will pass through Thamaraikuppam, Senjee, Agaram and Pallikuppam villages. \"Preliminary works have begun to acquire 1,252.47 acres of land, including 560.05 acres from the state-government's revenue land for the new channel as well as for the new reservoir. The process for land acquisition will soon gain momentum and the works are likely to be completed within two years,\" sources said. Last year, Andhra Pradesh kept its commitment and released eight tmcft of Krishna water to Tamil Nadu during the months of July and October and this has raised hopes of Tamil Nadu that it will continue to get water from the state.The government has already announced taking up strengthening works to raise the storage capacity of water bodies on the city's periphery. In phase I, the storage level of Cholavaram reservoir, Porur, Ayanampakkam and Nemam tanks will be increased to 12 tmcft from the existing 9.95 tmcft. Nemam and Ayanampakkam will also form part of the city water system after the works are completed. \"In the context of exponential growth of city, the drinking water requirements need a relook. Therefore the state has given a lot of importance to augmentation measures,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11623842", "title": "Students, teachers busy in R-Day preparations", "text": "KANPUR: Preparations to celebrate the Republic Day were going in schools and educational institutes on Tuesday. The students rehearsed for the march past and cultural programmes to be held on January 26.Indraja, a student of Class X, said that extra time was devoted for the preparations of cultural events and the parade. Divya Dixit of KK Girls College said: \"Being an NCC cadet, I have to regularly attend the drills from 8.00 am to 10.00 am. There are other cultural programmes also which are being handled by the seniors.''In many schools, students, teachers and instructors were practicing for the events. However, the students of the board class were exempted. However, the significance of the Republic Day and the patriotism associated with it seems to have lost its relevance.It is just like any other holiday for the younger generation. Many of them cannot even differentiate between the National Anthem and the National Song. An indignant resident of Shyam Nagar said that democracy lead to corruption rather than development. The Republic Day and Independence Day become meaningless when corruption is rampant everywhere.For Mahima and Amit, BCom students, Republic Day is nothing more than another day off. \"I am planning to go out and watch a movie with my friends. It would mean complete fun for me and my friends,'' said Amit. The government employees are also busy in preparations for the Republic Day. The poor flag sellers have another reason to celebrate as the occasion gives them an opportunity to earn more money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622165", "title": "Oscar hopes fade", "text": "MUMBAI: Anil Ambani owned Reliance DreamWorks has garnered 11 Oscar nominations. The nominations were announced on Tuesday morning for the 84th Academy awards .This is the first time an Indian owned company has been nominated at in such a big way at the Oscars.Two films from Reliance Dream Works has been nominated for the Best Picture.Steven Spielberg directed War Horse and Tate Taylor's The Help..Spielberg film has been nominated for best Sound Editing, Sound Mixing, Original Score (John Williams), Art Direction and Cinematography. The film will be releasing in India on February 10.The Help has been nominated for The Best Picture, Best Actress ( Viola Davis ), Best Supporting Actress (Jessica Chastain and Octavia Spencer).Hugh Jackman starrer sci- fi thriller Real Steel has been nominated for Best achievement in Visual Effects.Meanwhile, India's official entry to the Oscar, Adaminte Makan Abu, has failed to make it to the top five in the foreign language film category. The only other film in the last one decade to have managed to reach the top five in this category was Aamir Khan's Lagaan in 2002.-Bharati Dubey", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11623435", "title": "Residents plan Pulicat Day to revive tourist interest in lake", "text": "CHENNAI: While the rest of the country enjoys the Republic Day parade on January 26, residents of Pulicat will be celebrating the uniqueness of their seaside town. They have decided to observe January 26 as Pulicat Day for the first time in an effort to revive tourist interest and boost local business.Business has been dull after a family's Christmas trip last year turned into a tragedy when an overloaded boat capsized and 22 people drowned in the Pulicat lake backwaters, about 60km north of Chennai. Fishermen and other locals dependent on tourism say visitors have dropped to an all-time low since that fateful day, following which the government banned boating on the lake.\"Tourism is dismal these days at Pulicat. We want to mark a new beginning for the community by making their culture, traditions and heritage known to the world outside,\" said Xavier Benedict, founder of Aarde Foundation, the NGO organising the celebrations with support from Kalakshetra Foundation and the culture ministry.The celebrations will include a heritage walk, a traditional kattaikkutu Tamil musical theatre performance and a drawing competition for children. The initial plans were on a larger scale and included a catamaran race. \"However, we had to call that off due to the recent accident,\" said Benedict.The events will be free and open to tourists as well as locals to sensitise them to the history of the area, which can be traced back to the 10th century Chola period. The Portuguese came here in 1502, followed by the Dutch in 1605. They traded for more than two centuries before the British took over in 1825.\"One of the old documents we found in the Madras Archives says that the Dutch landed here in January, though it doesn't state the exact date. We're hoping that since January 26 is a public holiday, many people will come,\" said Benedict.He feels that the government should allow boating after putting in place all the necessary safety measures. Antony, a fisherman, agrees with him. \"There are almost 1,000 boats here. Everybody dependent on tourism is sitting idle now,\" he said. \"Boating has been banned and it is not the season for fishing. So we are out of work,\" said Antony.M Suman, a field executive in Pulicat, feels the celebrations will create positive interest in the place. \"Even students and youngsters are involved in the preparations,\" he said. \"People should not associate the place with negative memories. We should look ahead.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11624699", "title": "Determined to prevent Iran from getting nuclear weapon: Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States is determined to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, President Barack Obama, said adding that no option is off the table against Tehran as the tension between the two nation has increased in recent weeks.\"Let there be no doubt: America is determined to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, and I will take no options off the table to achieve that goal,\" Obama said in his State of the Union address to the Congress.Recent weeks has seen an increased tension between the two countries.Obama, at the same time, noted that a peaceful resolution of this issue is still possible.\"A peaceful resolution of this issue is still possible, and far better, and if Iran changes course and meets its obligations, it can rejoin the community of nations,\" he said.The President said his administration will safeguard the US' own security against those who threaten its citizens, friends, and interests.\"Look at Iran. Through the power of our diplomacy, a world that was once divided about how to deal with Iran's nuclear program now stands as one,\" he said.\"The regime is more isolated than ever before; its leaders are faced with crippling sanctions, and as long as they shirk their responsibilities, this pressure will not relent,\" the US President said.Referring to the Arab spring in his speech, Obama said \"as the tide of war recedes, a wave of change has washed across the Middle East and North Africa, from Tunis to Cairo; from Sana'a to Tripoli . A year ago, Gaddafi was one of the world's longest-serving dictators - a murderer with American blood on his hands. Today, he is gone.\"\"And in Syria , I have no doubt that the Assad regime will soon discover that the forces of change can't be reversed, and that human dignity can't be denied,\" Obama said referring to the developments in Syria.\"How this incredible transformation will end remains uncertain. But we have a huge stake in the outcome. And while it is ultimately up to the people of the region to decide their fate, we will advocate for those values that have served our own country so well. We will stand against violence and intimidation,\" he said.\"We will stand for the rights and dignity of all human beings - men and women; Christians, Muslims, and Jews. We will support policies that lead to strong and stable democracies and open markets, because tyranny is no match for liberty,\" Obama said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11623867", "title": "Charity first, taxes second for \u2018Richie Rich\u2019 Romney", "text": "WASHINGTON: Mitt Romney , one of the wealthiest men in American political history to seek the presidency, gives more money to charity than to the US government in taxes, it has been revealed, even as criticism of his easy riches and its management put a question mark on his White House bid.Documents released Tuesday by his campaign under pressure from critics and activists show Romney and his wife gave over $7 million to charities over the past two years, compared to $6.2 million they plan to pay in taxes for the same period.Overall, the Romneys made $42.7 million over the past two years. Their effective tax rate was slightly less than 15%, about the same as what 80% of Americans pay, but much lower than the near 30% rates paid by president Obama and Romney's closest rival, Newt Gingrich .Also revealed in the more than 500-pages of documents released was a recently closed Swiss Bank account, which the Romney campaign said was legal and disclosed, and holdings in Cayman Islands .The overall wealth of the Romneys, estimated at nearly $200 million, has become a subject of much debate in recent weeks as rivals and critics seek to cast him as a heartless capitalist whose record as head of the private equity firm Bain Capital involved exploiting the middleclass. The Romney campaign released a big trove of tax statements on Tuesday morning to forestall criticism about the lack of transparency, but the documents may have provided even more fodder to critics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622582", "title": "BJP names 20 new faces from youth wing in first list", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday announced its first list of candidates for elections to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) to be held on February 16. The move is believed to give the party a strategic and moral head-start ahead of other parties who are still waiting for the last date of filing nominations to announce candidates and thus avoid disgruntled elements from being wooed by opponents.The party announced names for 32 or nearly 50% of the total 63 seats it will contest, with alliance partners Shiv Sena and RPI, to control the country's richest corporation for the fourth time in a row. The last date for filing nominations is January 30. \"By announcing the candidates early we have ensured our cadre remains upbeat and has more time to prepare for challenges posed by our opponents. We are confident that the saffron alliance will return to power in the corporation with a huge majority,\" said BJP's Mumbai chief Raj Purohit.To project the party as being youth-oriented, the BJP named at least 20 new faces from its youth wing, while retaining 10 sitting corporators from various parts of the city. A 50% reservation for women forced the party to keep aside 13 seats. Prominent names featuring in the first list are deputy mayor Shailaja Vijay Girkar, senior corporator and former chairman of civic improvements committee Manoj Kotak, former education committee chairman Ram Barot, former law committee chairman Dnyanmurti Sharma and ward committee chairman from the western suburbs Mohan Mithbavkar.Party sources said the list is believed to be extensive, leaving no scope for any disappointment for anybody at the cadre level. \"This is the best we could have done in the first phase. There are no possible surprises either in the announcements of new candidates or those who have been picked for the second or third time,\" said a senior BJP MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11621331", "title": "Nursing students stage protest", "text": "TRICHY: In the wake of the state government's order permitting nursing students studying in private medical colleges to compete for government services, nursing students of a government medical college staged a protest here on Tuesday.As part of the state wide demonstration, about 300 girl students pursuing their Diploma in Nursing at the K A P V G medical college boycotted their work at the Annal Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital in the afternoon. They decided to protest soon after nursing students of the Madras Medical College were arrested on Tuesday for staging a protest against the G O. The hospital administration and the police were caught unawares by the sudden move of the students, which was done without informing the head. Police attempted to pacify the agitated students to abandon their strike, to no avail.Meanwhile, the students formed a human chain and lamented about their situation after the completion of their education. A final-year student who did not wish to be named said that admission for the three-and-half year diploma course in government colleges was done purely on merit, based on their plus two marks. Most of the students pursuing the course in government colleges hailed from poor families. The recent order of the state government permitting students pursuing their diploma from private colleges to also apply for government services, would cut their opportunity, a third-year student said.Unlike students from private colleges, government college students were being trained in handling patients by frequent practical sessions held during the course, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11621966", "title": "Branding all transgenders as sex workers inappropriate: Expert", "text": "MADURAI: Don't look at all transgenders as sex workers as there are many who are struggling to come above this stigma and prove themselves as successful members of society, feels Asha Bharathi, member of the Tamil Nadu Transgender Association.She was speaking at an interactive session on Third Gender Issues: Understanding Alternative Sexuality, organised by the Bharathi Kanamma Trust and the American College Students Circle, on Tuesday. Listing out the reasons for transgenders taking on to this trade, she said discrimination by their own families was one of the main reasons why youngsters who faced this problem took up this trade to earn a living.Sudha of Sahodaran said nobody respected them, which forces them into sex trade as they cannot face society at large. The problem could be reversed if society came forward to recognize them as equals and not shun them, she added. These speakers also spoke about the problems faced by them in the past and how they overcame them.Principal of American College Thavanmani Christopher said their institution had introduced a \"gender study\" in a move to identify transgenders and help them overcome their problems.\"They too are members of our community and should be treated as equals,\" he said. A short film on lesbians and transgenders titled Hidden World filmed by students Gopi Shankar and Naveen was also screened at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11623766", "title": "R-Day parade rehearsal turns morning hours colourful", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was a colourful Tuesday morning as dress rehearsal of Republic Day parade was held on Vidhan Sabha Marg. The parade began at 9 am from the designated venue at Charbagh railway station and culminated at KD Babu Singh Stadium.As customary, the parade began with showering of flower petals from a helicopter followed by the national anthem. Led by colonel Ashish Singh, the parade had a dozen contingents. The major attraction was the two T-72 M tanks of 88th command armed regiment led by Kaviraj Singh and Sunil Kumar. During the parade, slight traffic snarls were reported.A treat to the eyes was the uniformed contingent of Indian army marching with traditional military precision.Truly, they exhibited the might of armed forces while walking down the Hazratganj roads. While the male contingent of army was led by Tushar Sharma of Assam regiment, the women contingent of PAC was headed by Gayatri Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11623562", "title": "Award time: Vaigai dam is TN\u2019s best maintained", "text": "CHENNAI: With safety of dams in the country now taking centre stage in the backdrop of the Mullaperiyar dam row, the Tamil Nadu government has decided to hand over awards for the best maintained dams in the state. At a special workshop on dam safety in the city to be held on Friday, public works minister K V Ramalingam will give away the \"best maintained award\" to Vaigai dam in Theni district, a lifeline for southern districts.The PWD officers in charge of the dam, including its executive engineer, assistant executive engineer and assistant engineer, will also be honoured for their efforts in maintaining the dam. A team comprising engineer-in-chief and dam safety experts selected the dam among 89 dams. The award, a first-of-its kind, will boost the image of the state. The move is also significant, coming as it does in the wake of a heated row between Tamil Nadu and Kerala over the safety of the Mullaperiyar dam. While Tamil Nadu maintains the dam structure is safe, Kerala has raised the issue of frequent tremors in Idukki, where the dam is located, and wants a new one. \"Though concrete measures are put in place for dam safety in the state, the awards will help sustain the momentum,\" said a senior government official.Vaigai dam was built in 1958 and it has a capacity of 6,143 million cubic feet. It receives water from Mullaperiyar. The dam irrigates over 2.25 lakh acres of farm land in five districts of southern Tamil Nadu.\"Vaigai dam is an excellent example of how dams should be maintained. Former chief minister K Kamaraj built the dam to improve livelihood of farmers and provides drinking water for over 70 lakh residents of Madurai and Sivaganga,\" said K M Abbas, a leader of the farmers' associations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11624323", "title": "Man planning to contest election kidnapped", "text": "VARANASI: One Vivek Yadav, who was preparing to contest assembly election on the ticket of a party formed by his father from Shahganj assembly constituency in Jaunpur district, was kidnapped by some unidentified persons on January 22 night. The police are clueless about the kidnappers as well as their motive behind the abduction.According to reports, Vivek's father Indrajeet Yadav had formed Samta Mulak Dal. Vivek was preparing to contest election on the party's ticket from Shahganj assembly constituency. For it, he had also started canvassing. On January 22 evening, he left home in Pakkhanpur village under Shahganj police station limits in his Maruti car but did not return home till late in the night. When his family members and supporters started searching for him, his car was found lying abandoned outside the village while he was missing.The matter was reported to police. Jaunpur SP Upendra Agrawal said on Tuesday that a case of kidnapping has been lodged in this connection. District election officer Gaurav Dayal and Jaunpur SP also visited Vivek's residence on Tuesday morning. However, the cops could not reach on any conclusion regarding the motive behind this kidnapping. Agrawal said that teams had been constituted for tracing Vivek but no success has been achieved in this connection so far.FIR lodged against SP candidate for code violation: Heading towards district headquarters with a huge procession for filing nomination cost dear to Prabhunath Yadav, a Samajwadi Party candidate from Sakaldiha constituency in Chandauli district, on Tuesday as the police not only dispersed the gathering of his supporters, but also lodged an FIR against for violating model code of conduct (MCC).According to reports, overlooking the norms prescribed by the Election Commission for the nomination filing process, Prabhunath left Sakaldiha for district headquarters in Chandauli with a huge procession to file his nomination. On getting information about it, the cops stopped the procession and dispersed the gathering of his supporters. Later, Prabhunath reached nomination venue with some supporters to file his nomination. Chandauli SP Shalabh Mathur said that an FIR has been lodged against the SP candidate for violating model code of conduct.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11623539", "title": "Old scriptures attract devotees to gurdwara", "text": "LUDHIANA: City residents are on a spiritual high as three Guru Granth Sahib scriptures belonging to 18th, 19th and 20th century have been placed at Shaheed Baba Deep Singh Gurdwara in the Model Town extension area. Devotees have been thronging the gurdwara in large numbers to have a glimpse of them.\"I have brought all these scriptures from the historical Gurdwara Maithan in Agra. The first one belongs to the 18th century, it has 10 kgs of weight with 1,546 pages and has beautiful print in which special ink made of gold and some precious stones has been used. The other one belongs to the 19th century that has shabads of Gurutegh Bahadur, Kabir, Baba Farid and Bhatts. It also has Guru Nanak Dev's written Pran Sangli and Naseeyat Nama,\" said Giani Kashmir Singh, head priest of Maithan Gurdwara.However, it is the miniature granth, 1.75 inches, that is attracting everyone. These miniature granth sahibs were printed by the British during the first world war from Germany for the Sikh regiment. These were put in silver boxes with lenses in it and every regiment was given one for its men.Excitement among the devotees was such that they were making videos and taking pictures with their cell phones, cameras and even laptops. \"I have clicked pictures of the scriptures on my ipad. This is important not only because of the religious value of these scriptures but also because of their historical values. I am going to load all these pictures on Facebook and twitter so that more and more people get to know about it,\" said Harjinder Singh, a businessman residing in Gurdev Nagar.Harpreet Singh Dang, a student and resident of Model Town extension, said, \"It is amazing to see such old scriptures. Firstly, I saw them and then got my family along. We have taken the pictures and will be using these for my Facebook and desktop.\" Achint Garewal, a student and resident of Sarabha Nagar who was in the gurdwara with her friends said, \"We are here just to have a glimpse of the Granth Sahib and now we are going to share this with our friends. We will also keep coming here every day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11623088", "title": "4 criminals arrested", "text": "PATNA: Police on Monday night intercepted a four-wheeler at Danka Imli locality under the Alamganj police station and arrested four criminals, including gangster Bajrangi Thathera.Patna SSP Alok Kumar said acting on a tip-off that some criminals had assembled at Danka Imli and were planning to commit a dacoity at a godown on By Pass Road, a police team led by City SP Kim intercepted a four-wheeler and arrested four criminals. He said that Bajrangi was wanted in connection with cases of dacoities and loot lodged with Alamganj, By Pass and Harnaut (Nalanda) police stations. The other arrested criminals had been identified as Pramod Prasad, Tavi Kumar and Senu Kumar, the SSP said and added that police recovered two countrymade pistols, four live cartridges, one four-wheeler, 75 bags of nuts and bolts, blade cutters, one ladder, two cycles and three quintals of iron rods. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11622185", "title": "Prosecute CM or not? SIT seeks legal advice", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Special Investigation Team (SIT), appointed by Supreme Court to probe the post-Godhra riots of Gujarat, has sought legal opinion on whether to prosecute five persons, including chief minister Narendra Modi , given the evidence they have. The officials have written to SIT's legal adviser in this connection. Besides Modi, the list includes former director general of police PC Pande, former additional DGP MK Tandon, inspector general of police, PB Gondiya and deputy superintendent of police KK Mysorewala.Zakia Jafri, key witness in the Gulbarg Society massacre of 2002, had filed a complaint before the SIT against 62 persons including Modi, other politicians, top IAS and IPS officers for negligence. SIT has recorded the statements of all the 62 accused. Based on this, five of the 62 were arrested, including former state minister Mayaben Kodnani, former VHP leaders Jaideep Patel and Babu Bajrangi, BJP corporator Bipin Panchal and police inspector K G Erda.\"We have now sought legal opinion on whether the prima facie evidences collected against Modi and the four others are prosecutable,\" said an SIT officer. Modi has been accused of provoking the 2002 communal riots while the cops have been accused of negligence. SIT has also asked their legal adviser on whether the cops' negligence should be treated as criminal in nature.The SIT is likely to file a closure report for the remaining 48 accused. This means that the SIT has not been able to collect any evidence to suggest their complicity in the 2002 communal riots. SIT sources said this was the last stage before their final report is submitted. Once the legal adviser replies to the queries, the SIT members will file a final report on their findings. During the investigation, Jafri had filed an application seeking to drop charges against three IPS officers - Satish Verma, Kuldip Sharma and Rahul Sharma.One of the accused, former Gujarat minister and speaker of state assembly Ashok Bhatt, died in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626539", "title": "Bengal Tigers and Kerala Strikers emerged winners of CCL-2", "text": "This season's debut teams Bengal Tigers and Kerala Strikers emerged winners against Chennai Rhinos and Mumbai Heroes respectively.It seemed like the whole of Kochi landed up at the Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium, to watch celebrities play for the Celebrity Cricket League. More than watching the stars in action on field, people in the over packed stadium cheered louder, each time for the debutants. So much so that both the matches saw a surprise and much welcome win of this season's debutant teams - the Bengal Tigers and the Kerala Strikers.The crowd was a bit thin for the first match between Chennai Rhinos and Bengal Tigers but swelled as the match moved on to a rather close, nail-biting finish with the latter emerging winners. Their favourite was undoubtedly Arya of the Chennai team. At the stands were Burkha Dutt, wife of Bengal team member Indraneil and their baby daughter. Even the captain of Bengal Tigers, Jeetendra Madnani, could not believe the fact that the team had actually won the match against last season's champions.By the time the second match between Mumbai Heroes and Kerala Strikers began, the energy levels within the stadium were no less than sky high. Cricket, or shall we say, cinema lovers creating Mexican waves had the stars watch on and even take videos of the audience. \"Reminds us of the time when India played against Pakistan at Eden Gardens,\" it was heard.Pretty team ambassadors and fellow heroines like Genelia D'Souza, Priyamani, Lakshmi Rai, Bhavana, Sanjjanaa and Sonia Aggarwal added to the glam factor when they cheered on the teams from the dugout while anchor Ranjini Haridas kept up spirits throughout. Kerala Strikers captain Mohanlal won the loudest of cheers for almost every move on the field. But the crowd went berserk when yet another stalwart of the industry, Mammootty, walked in to the arena to cheer his home team. Mammootty may have decided not to try his hand at a game he does not fancy too much, but said he was happy to see his home team playing so well under the able leadership of his colleague Mohanlal.SIDELIGHTSActor Mohanlal used this opportunity to launch the audio of his latest release and even presented fellow captain Suniel Shetty the first ticket to the film which will hit screens shortly.Post the energy on field, Btown's latest official couple, Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza, set the dance floor on fire, even as Sohail Khan took over as the official DJ at the ball room for the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11622872", "title": "STP leaves Banjara lake on deathbed", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city's Taj Banjara Lake is on its deathbed. And what's killing this water body, once spread over a sprawling area of nearly one kilometre in length, is a Rs 4.3 crore worth government-sanctioned Sewerage Treatment Plant (STP) project. On for more than five years now, the project has not only shrunk the size of the lake by over 60 per cent but also left it filthier than ever.In fact, in a recent development the authorities have ventured right into the full-tank level (FTL) of the water body and constructed an aeration tank (for treating water), thus eating into a good 25 metres of the water spread. As a result the lake has now been reduced to just a stinking pond.Members of the citizen's society that has been battling to save the lake rue how the contractors of the project, Taj-GVK, appointed by the tourism department (the project was initially being handled by them. It was later transferred to the water board) has built this tank despite consistent protests by civil society groups. \"They started work on it in December. When we protested, they stalled it for a while. The construction activity has resumed again now,\" said Dr Annie Hassan, a member of the group who has been living in the area for over 30 years now.The construction that has drastically narrowed down the width of the lake, has also added to the mess of the water body. Already flooded with sewerage that is yet to be cleared, thanks to the delayed execution of a pipeline project by the water board, the lake is now filled with mud, debris and other filth dumped by the STP contractors. Predictably, the stench in the area has also increased manifold.\"It is absolute nuisance that the authorities have created there,\" said founder convener of Save Our Urban Lakes (SOUL), Jasveen Jairath, adding, \"We have been arguing for long that there is no need for an STP as the water board is already laying a line to carry the sewerage out of the lake. Once there is no inflow of sewage, what work does a STP have?\"Interestingly, even the contactors of the project have no answer to this question. When confronted Appa Rao, the consultant hired by Taj-GVK to complete the venture said, \"It's a government-sanctioned project. There is no way it can be stalled.\" Whether the project was indeed needed or not, he failed to explain.Meanwhile, officials of Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply &amp; Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) argued that the STP was important to keep the lake full during summer months. Pointing out how the water, once cleared of the sewerage, would reduce in quantity and evaporate under severe heat, Naveen Reddy, deputy general manager, HMWS&SB; said, \"The STP will ensure that the lake, during such conditions, still has water. That is why its construction is inevitable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11624044", "title": "Attur St Lawrence fest begins", "text": "MANGALORE: The three-day festival of the Shrine of St Lawrence in Attur- Karkala began on Tuesday, with the first mass at 9.30 am celebrated by Fr Vincent Crasta of Manela Parish.A large number of devotees from different corners of the state and neighbouring states of south India came to partake in the Holy Masses. Altogether there are 29 Masses during the festival this year in Kannada and Konkani languages.There will be nine masses on the first day, 12 masses on the second day and seven on the last day which is celebrated as the 'Guiding Mother Festival' (Giadh mayechi porob). The last mass would be at 5.30 pm on Thursday. Msgr Denis Moras Prabhu, the Vicar General of the Diocese of Mangalore will celebrate mass at 8.30 am on Wednesday.The main festival Mass on Wednesday, will be celebrated by Most Rev. Dr Aloysius Paul D'Souza the Bishop of Mangalore at 10 am.On Thursday, January 26 the festival Mass of 'Giyadh Mai' would be celebrated by Very Rev. Fr Henry Sequeira, the Chancellor of the diocese of Mangalore.According to Fr Arthur Pereira, the Shrine director, the devotees come to experience peace and receive blessings from God.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622385", "title": "Matunga temple marks 60th year", "text": "MUMBAI: Kochu Guruvayur, more famously known as the Sree Rama Mandir in Matunga, completes 60 years of existence this year and the temple association is planning a grand celebration for the same. A Maha Kumbhabhishekam has been organized by the authorities and priests from across the country will be participating in the celebrations.\"We hold this puja once in 30 years but this year, since this occasion is extra special, we also renovated the temple tower. The rituals will start from January 25 till Saturday night and on Sunday morning, we will hold the final maha abhishekam,\" said P V Ramaswamy, one of the organizing members. The rituals and prayer sessions are also open to the general public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11625976", "title": "Time to stop rewarding firms that ship jobs abroad: Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: Stepping up his campaign against outsourcing, US President Barack Obama announced a series of measures that would offer incentives to those firms which will create jobs in the country, a move that may also affect companies in India.\"If you're a business that wants to outsource jobs, you shouldn't get a tax deduction for doing it,\" Obama said in his State of the Union Address during which he presented an economic blueprint aiming to take his country away from outsourcing, bad debt and phony financial profits.Many of his proposals centered on changes to the tax code, including limiting deductions for companies that move jobs overseas, rewarding companies that return jobs to the United States and increasing taxes on wealthy Americans.He said that money should be used to cover moving expenses for companies that decide to bring jobs home.Indeed, Obama's anti-outsourcing job was mainly directed towards the manufacturing jobs in China; even though the new policies would also adversely affect outsourcing in India, which is often described as the world's back office.\"No American company should be able to avoid paying its fair share of taxes by moving jobs and profits overseas. From now on, every multinational company should have to pay a basic minimum tax. And every penny should go towards lowering taxes for companies that choose to stay here and hire here,\" he said.\"My message is simple. It's time to stop rewarding businesses that ship jobs overseas, and start rewarding companies that create jobs right here in America. Send me these tax reforms, and I'll sign them right away,\" Obama told lawmakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11624085", "title": "BMC time-frames could cut bribes", "text": "MUMBAI: Municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar on Tuesday finalized guidelines for time-bound approval of building plans and fixing responsibility in the civic hierarchy . Officials could delay building plans for extraneous reasons by seeking irrelevant information, which forced builders to pay bribes for faster clearance.Last year, the Practicing Engineers', Architects' and Town Planners' Association ( PEATA), the oldest and largest body representing the professionals, said it took an average 558 man days for Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) permission.The circular said responsibility for approving layouts, sub-division and amalgamation of plots will vest with the executive engineer (BP). He will ensure proposals are decided within 60 days from the date of acceptance. \"The process is to be completed in 43 working days or 60 days at the most. Any case which is not approved within this time limit will be brought to the notice of the municipal commissioner by the executive engineer (BP) concerned,'' it said.Building proposals up to 600 sq m in the island city and 2,500 sq m in suburbs will be processed by the sub-engineer, assistant engineer, executive engineer, deputy chief engineer, chief engineer (development plan) and municipal commissioner. The BMC's director (engineering services &amp; projects) has been taken off from the chain.However, proposals for plots over 600 sq m in the island city and more than 2,500 sq m in suburbs will be sent to the director but not deputy chief engineer.The circular said no-objection certificates from civic departments must be submitted to the BP section within two weeks. If not, it will be presumed they have no remarks . But if any deficiency arises out of \"non receipt of such NOC/remarks from the department, the executive engineer of that department shall be held responsible'' .\"Time-limits for scrutiny and disposal of proposals by departments, including BP department, shall be strictly adhered to... Any lapse by the BP staff and staff of other departments will be viewed seriously,'' said the circular.Last November, TOI had reported how the building approval process was caught in a bureaucratic rigmarole. Developers and architects complained that projects, mainly those over 20,000 sq m, and which have to be cleared by many committees, could take over a year to commence. The Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act stipulates that a decision must be taken within 60 days or it will be deemed approved. Construction industry sources said officials circumvented the rule. The new circular could end delaying tactics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11622807", "title": "Madan raps transport corps", "text": "KOLKATA: State transport minister Madan Mitra on Tuesday came down heavily on the transport corporations, saying if they did not generate their own funds, they would head for natural death. While he did not say the government would stop providing subsidy on salary, he indicated as much, in the sense that they were fated for in the long run.The state government gives Rs 600 crore subsidy to five transport corporations - Calcutta Tramways Company, Calcutta State Transport Corporation, West Bengal Surface Transport Corporation, North Bengal State Transport Corporation and South Bengal State Transport Corporation - every year.\"Where shall we arrange for Rs 600 crore as subsidy every year? They better pull up their socks or they will head for a natural death,\" the minister said. \"We have not taken any decision to stop their salary, but it is already getting delayed since October. It is in their own interest that they must begin to work if they are to get their salary on time. We need at least Rs 3,000 crore to clear the backlog. But from where shall we get it?\" he questioned.Mitra suggested the transport corporations to begin raising funds from renting bus space for advertisements. Earlier, the corporations used to get 80% of the operating costs from the state while they themselves raised the remaining through fares. For the last two months, the government's contribution has come down to 75% as part of cost-cutting measures.In the same breath, Mitra said that \"dadagiri\" of unions won't do anymore. \"There is rash driving and we are asking drivers to control themselves. If they think there is no one above them, they are wrong,\" he said. The minister wants a \"mentor group\" for the transport sector with experts and experienced persons from this field to give suggestions for improvement. Also, Mitra suggested to organize four public conventions to get feedback from people on how to improve the transport sector - from taxi refusals to faulty meters. The conventions will be held in Kolkata, Siliguri, Durgapur and Midnapore.Mitra will visit all depots by February 15 to personally check out the problems. \"We receive complaints that many work only one day in a month. This cannot go on,\" he said.He said rash driving should stop, and till the time the rules are changed to make it stringent, the government will act as a firm guardian to stop rash driving.All private buses in the city will change their colour scheme to sky blue and white. State transport minister Madan Mitra on Tuesday said he would meet transport operators and ask them to change the colour. At present, the private buses are blue with a yellow stripe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622246", "title": "39% SIM cards in city bogus: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: A recent survey conducted by the Mumbai police has revealed that 39% of SIM cards in the city were procured using bogus documents. This shocking revelation comes close on the heels of the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS)'s discovery that perpetrators of July 13 triple blasts in the city had used bogus documents to procure SIM cards.In a similar drive conducted across 10 zones last year, the police had examined documents of randomly chosen 26,450 SIM cards and found that 8,909 had been obtained using forged documents.The ATS has now written to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai), asking for implementation of stricter norms with regards to the process of verification of documents submitted for procuring SIM cards.Said ATS chief Rakesh Maria, \"During the course of investigation of serious offences, including terror attacks, we found that the accused had used SIM cards issued on bogus documents. We have requested Trai to implement stricter norms for verification of documents as this is a matter of national security.\"During the 13/7 probe, sleuths found that almost all the SIM cards used by the terrorists had been procured using bogus documents. The two arrested accused, Naqi Ahmed and Nadeem Akhtar, blast mastermind and Indian Mujahideen founding member Yasin Bhatkal as well as the two Pakistani nationals who planted the bombs at the three sites on 13/7 had used these SIM cInvestigators probing the triple blasts found that the phones used by the terrorists were either switched off or had been disconnected. They followed the paper trail which led them to people whose documents had been used to procure the SIM cards and found that the so-called owners of the SIM cards had no idea that their documents had been misused.Earlier this month, the city crime branch had busted a bogus SIM card racket and found 4,931 SIM cards issued on forged papers.A SIM card dealer, Mohammed Asim Razzaque Turk (24), who used to sell such cards in Dongri was arrested. \"The seized cards belong to almost all service providers. Turk would approach dealers and promise them 5,000 customers to avail of discounts and incentives. Several gangs involved in the SIM card racket are active in the city. We have arrested an MTNL agent, Ganesh Vithal Tikole, who used bogus documents for SIM cards,\" said Maria.The modus operandi was that the accused buys verified documents of customers from retailers at Rs 3 per copy, make several Xerox copies and submits it to the dealer by fixing somebody else photo and activate the sim card by refilling it with small recharge and than sell it to wrong hands. Police said that even the mobile operators are involved in the racket as in the bid to improve their sales they are least verifying the authenticity of the documents and users. According to the TRAI rule, it is the service provider's duty to verify the documents of a SIM card holder within seven days before activation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11623350", "title": "Manipur polls: MHA worried about interference from NSCN-IM", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Union home ministry is worried about the involvement of NSCN (IM) in the Manipur elections, particularly in the 11 Naga-dominated constituencies of the hill districts. It has asked security forces to use maximum force against all outfits found involved in poll-related violence in the state.Ahead of the assembly polls scheduled on January 28, an IED blast took place outside the residence of Manipur speaker Hemochandra Singh, the Congress candidate from Sangjemei constituency, on Sunday. The seven Meitei outfits, which have jointly banned the Congress from doing electioneering, claimed responsibility for the explosion. Earlier, an IED was recovered in front of the Congress headquarters in Imphal. Security forces have killed at least four militants so far.A top MHA official, who was here on Tuesday during the arms laying-down ceremony of nine Assam militant outfits, said, \"The security scenario in Manipur is not satisfactory. We do not know what the situation will be like in the coming days till the election on January 28. We have directed the security forces deployed in Manipur to act. They have been asked to use maximum force as and when required.\"He added, \"We are receiving complaints about NSCN (IM)'s interference. We have evidence of the outfit's direct involvement in the Manipur elections by putting up proxy candidates. We will discuss the issue with the IM leadership. They are still in peace talks. It they want to take part in elections, they should have informed the government.\"The NSCN (IM) has a strong presence in the four Naga-dominated districts of Ukhrul, Senapati, Tamenglong and Chandel. Its general secretary Th Muivah is from Ukhrul district.The 11 Naga-dominated constituencies in the four hill districts are crucial for any party to claim power in the 60-member assembly. These 11 constituencies have always sent only members from the Naga community to the assembly. In the plural state, the Nagas are the second community after the dominant Meiteis. They mostly live in the hill districts along with the Kukis. The Meiteis are mainly concentrated in the valley areas.Nagaland's ruling party, the Naga Peoples' Front (NPF), is making its debut in the Manipur elections and has fielded 11 Naga candidates and a Kuki nominee, which has fuelled fresh debate over Nagas' demand for territorial integrity. While launching the election campaign, NPF chief and Nagaland chief minister Neiphir Rio told an election rally in Tadubi that the NPF's entry into Manipur politics is aimed at \"integrating the Nagas politically.\"Rio's statements have forced Manipur People's Party (MPP) leader O Joy to caution the Nagaland chief minister against dragging territorial integrity of Manipur into the ongoing peace talks between the Centre and the Nagas.Manipur chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh , who is leading the Congress to win for the third straight term, has also made it clear that he favours a Naga solution without breaking Manipur's integrity. He said the Congress will pressurize the Centre for a constitutional safeguard to Manipur's boundary. The NSCN's Khole-Kitovi faction has announced to stay away from the poll process in Manipur.Election 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622439", "title": "Ex-MMRDA chief washes hands of CRZ controversy", "text": "MUMBAI: Former MMRDA metropolitan commissioner S V Joshi on Tuesday passed the buck to the state government over the controversial \"CRZ clearance\" for Adarsh.\"While approving the building plan for Adarsh society, I checked and found that there was CRZ permission as per the letter dated March 15, 2003, issued by the urban development department. The MMRDA acted upon this letter as a letter issued by the competent authority, the Maharshtra government,\" Joshi said. \"The MMRDA took this letter as CRZ clearance. I don't want to add anything more.\"Interestingly, P V Deshmukh, former deputy secretary UDD, who had written it, himself, had told the commission that the 2003 letter was not a CRZ clearance for Adarsh's construction. a building.Joshi, was principal secretary in the UDD in 2000 and was later posted as MMRDA commissioner from June 2004 to November 2005 and had handled the Adarsh file.Joshi was also grilled about a letter he had written to the MoEF in 1999 enquiring about CRZ clearance for Adarsh - five years before the society was allotted land by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622188", "title": "Elderly lives to tell robbery tale, dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A senior citizen who survived rough treatment by robbers, freed himself and roused his sleeping family in the dark hours of Tuesday morning, died as he was being taken to hospital.Rajender Singh, 88, who had a heart condition, bore the brunt of the robbery bid at his East Punjabi Bagh residence. The lone witness to the crime, he reportedly told his family that four unidentified men had forced their way inside the house and taken away valuables after staying an inordinately long time, even helping themselves to food and drinks in the house.The robbers allegedly bound Singh and then gagged him with his own turban before emptying the room of valuables. Singh, however, freed himself around 5.30am and woke up his son and the rest of their family, who had slept through the incident on the same floor.Police said the robbers gained entry to the ground floor, where the family was sleeping, by removing the living room air conditioner. Singh's son Inder (55), the latter's wife and their two children were in other rooms at the time.\"They had lock ed my door from outside. In the morning my father managed to open it and screamed that four persons had looted our house. I immediately called the police and a doctor and gave him a sorbitrate tablet. As his condition was deteriorating, the police rushed him to hospital but he died on the way,\" said Inder. Singh had also lost blood from a gash caused by the tugging off of a ring from his finger.\"We rushed Singh to Maharaja Agrasen Hospital, where doctors declared him brought dead. We are waiting for the post-mortem reports and other forensic reports. A case of murder and robbery has been registered,'' said V Renganathan, additional commissioner of police (west), adding, \"the family requested us to not conduct a post mortem keeping in view the deceased's advanced age, but given the nature of the crime, it was necessary''.Inder's office was found ransacked and the computer there was missing. \"We found soft drink bottles open and eatables scattered around. The assailants even consumed a packet of almonds,\" said Singh's grandson Saurabh.Sources said it could be a burglary attempt gone wrong. \"There was no attempt to break into the other rooms where the rest of the family was sleeping. We suspect someone familiar with the lay of the house could be involved. The family dog also mysteriously kept quiet, which suggests that the intruders were known to the family. We are not ruling out personal enmity as a reason for the break-in. Even if Singh died of a heart attack, it was a fallout of the robbery,'' said a police officerThis is the third fatal attack on a senior citizen within the last two months. In the earlier cases, two senior citizens were murdered at their homes in Greater Kailash and Mayur Vihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11628271", "title": "First film promotional video of A.R.Rahman", "text": "Oscar-winning composer A.R.Rahman rarely indulges in promotional activities. However, he agreed to shoot one for Gautham Menon's \" Ek Deewana Tha\".Rahman will appear in a promotional video for the film, while singing a track \"Kya hai mohabbat\". In fact, the composer, who is known to delay Indian projects due to his global commitments, has already shot for the track.But now Menon is unsure of how to use Rahman's footage.\"I still have to decide how to put together the music video. We've filmed Rahman singing the song. I need to put it together with shots from the film,\" said Menon.The filmmaker says this is the first promotional music video for a film that Rahman has ever shot for. So, one wonders what made the reclusive composer agree to face the camera.If Menon is to be believed, Rahman finds himself sharing a deep empathy with the Prateik-Amy Jackson romance in the film.\"There's an old-fashioned quality to their romance. I think Rahman identifies with that,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11624141", "title": "UoM VC accused of shielding tainted prof", "text": "MYSORE: Saritha's husband D R Vijayakumar was livid and protested in front of VC V G Talawar and accused him of shielding tainted professor, Shivabasavaiah.When Talawar was interacting with reporters during the signing of an MoU with the Institute for Social and Economic Change, Vijayakumar sneaked in and took on Talawar, angering officials and academicians, even as the VC stood silently.\"You are protecting him because he is a dalit,\" Vijayakumar told the VC when he was asked to leave the premises. An angry Vijayakumar created a racket in the corridor of Crawford Hall, the varsity headquarters, publicly questioning the Syndicate's decision. He said he will not sit silently.The VC chairing the special meeting of the Syndicate that decided the action against Prof Shivabasavaiah has come under the scanner. On earlier occasions, when the issue was placed before the apex body of the varsity, Talawar had excused himself saying he is a party to the case and it would be improper on his part to chair the meeting when it is discussing the issue.But he chaired Saturday's meeting, which Saritha questioned, saying it was a ploy to protect Shivabasavaiah.\"He wanted to protect the professor and chaired the meeting,\" she stated. But Talawar said he took legal opinion and consent from the governor-chancellor to chair the meeting. Even pro-chancellor and principal secretary of higher education department was notified, he stated, denying that he shielded the professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11626566", "title": "Former Isro chief Madhavan Nair barred from govt jobs, points finger at chairman", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former (Indian Space Research Organisation) Isro chief G Madhavan Nair and three other eminent space scientists have been barred from holding any government jobs in an unprecedented disciplinary action by the government for their role in the controversial Antrix-Devas deal.An angry Nair blamed his successor and the current Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan today for the action, accusing him of being behind the move and pursuing a \"personal agenda\" by misleading the government. \"This is his (Radhakrishnan's) personal agenda. That individual is bent upon hitting so many people and in that process, he is killing the organisation,\" Nair told PTI in Bangalore.The government action came as an apparent fallout of the Antrix deal in which a private company was allotted scarce S band spectrum by Isro allegedly in violation of rules.Besides Nair, K Bhaskaranarayana, former scientific secretary at ISRO, K R Sridharamurthi, former managing director of Antrix, commercial arm of ISRO, and K N Shankara, former director of the ISRO satellite centre, have been penalised by the Department of Space, an ISRO official said today.The contract with Devas was signed during the tenure of Nair as chairman of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO).Nair was also the architect of India's maiden moon mission Chandrayan I.The government action came after considering a report of the high-powered committee (HPC) that went into the Devas deal and that of another panel which examined the report.The Prime Minister had on May 31, last year constituted a five-member high-level team under the chairmanship of former Central Vigilance Commissioner Pratyush Sinha to examine various aspects of the agreement between Antrix and Devas. \"He (Radhakrishnan) has misled the Government on the whole issue (the Devas deal). He is the key person who worked behind this; he misled and miscommunicated to the government and he has taken action\", Nair said.Nair said the action against them was \"clear violation\" of established norms of the country and the only agenda behind whoever had taken the decision was to \"tarnish the image\".\"With this action, nothing is going to happen to us because all of us (the four) are established with international credibility in our own fields and the country will remember what we have given. Moon (referring to Chandrayaan-1 mission) has been given. For that, this is the reward Government is giving! I can only take pity on whoever has taken such a decision\".Besides Nair, K Bhaskaranarayana, former scientific secretary at Isro, K R Sridharamurthi, former managing director of Antrix, commercial arm of Isro, and K N Shankara, former director of the Isro satellite centre, have been penalised by the department of space.Noting that decision on barring them has been kept a secret, he asked how can such a letter (to secretaries) affecting individuals can be kept secret. \"Without the authority of President of India, how such a vital decision can be communicated? This all shows that the people who handled the case at the Government....they are either ignorant or taken an autocratic view of the whole process,\" he said. \"I feel pity for the government...people who have taken such a decision. I have nothing to lose because people know me...what I have done for the country. I am really sad that such a thing has happened in a democratic country like India.\"Even in a military rule, the people are given a hearing before condemnation is made. This (the action against us) is worse than that\". He said the letter reportedly says the decision was taken by the government and competent authority. \"What is this government and who is this competent authority? If they are bold enough, they should come in public,\" Nair said.He (Radhakrishnan) would have suffered at the hands of his ex-bosses (at Isro) M G Chandrasekar (at present Chairman, Devas Multimedia) and others. He wanted to fix them. He cooked up a story and somehow misled the government on a course of action and he is today behaving in a completely autocratic manner,\" Nair alleged.He claimed that Radhakrishnan has no idea of rules or regulation about technology and \"he will simply kill Isro\".\"He (Radhakrishnan) is a disaster; I have kept quiet all these days because of my respect for Isro\", he added.\"You look at Isro's programme for the last two years, that will speak volumes about where we stand\".He said he has not received any communication on barring him from government jobs and would apply under the RTI to get it and based on that, he would chalk out his plan of action.\"Not that I am running just for a government job. People know what my credibility is. If government does not want to engage me in anything, it's their pleasure. Whole thing has been handled in an absolutely shabby way\", Nair said.\"There is no enquiry conducted in the matter; there is no chargesheet issued to anybody. Without that, how can any government take punitive action?\", he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "11622769", "title": "Santiniketan murder: One more arrested", "text": "SURI: Bolpur police arrested Pintu Das, Mangal Sahani's absconding aide, on Tuesday in connection with the murder of retired schoolteacher Renuka Sarkar at her Santiniketan home on January 12. with whom he had reportedly murdered 62-year-old retired schoolteacher Renuka Sarkar at her Simantapalli home on January 12.A Bolpur court later sent Das to two weeks in jail, turning down a police plea for a five-day remand to enable further interrogation. The arrest, - after caretaker Ujjal Tapadar and Mangal -however, did little to answer the questions - doing rounds on who really killed Renuka and why.With the recovery of an iron rod and Pintu's arrest on Tuesday, police should have by now all but sealed the investigations by now. They haven't.Mangal and Pintu, police now claim, had used the rod to land the fatal blow on Renuka that night. They stole money and Renuka's cellphone while leaving hastily, abandoning their plans to rob her home. The latest developments contradict earlier police claims of Ujjal, the caretaker, having a role in the murder. Contradictory claims by investigating officers has only made things more intriguing as the latest developments run contrary to police claims that Ujjal had a role in the murder.District police had earlier claimed that Mangal had confessed to the crime. According to the latest disclosure by the district police Mangal had confessed to the crime.He had told police that he and Pintu, a resident of Bolpur's Nayekpara, broke into Renuka's room to steal but when the elderly woman screamed they hit her with an iron rod, leading to her death. and she succumbed to death.A senior police officer said, \"During interrogation Mangal named Pintu. He was absconding but acting on a tip off, he was arrested.\"This, however, doesn't answer the spate of questions being raised over the manner in which investigations were done.While police had initially claimed Renuka - a Bhowanipore resident and widowed recently -was smothered to death, later, they said, she was hit with the rod. Now it later appears that she wasn't. While police said that she was hit by an iron rod, Her post-mortem report doesn't corroborate any serious injury on her head - though her eyes appear blackened.Moreover, Mangal had reportedly told police that in a hurry he took away whatever cash he could lay his hands on along with Renuka's cellphone.He used Renuka's phone which he had stolen, to call Ujjal the next morning, informing him of the murder. Why would the \"murderer\" call Ujjal unless they knew each other from before? Initial suggestions by police, on a promoter trying to grab Renuka's sprawling Simantapalli home, later turned into a burglary attempt gone horribly wrong. This is something that police have failed to explain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622898", "title": "HC upholds sack of court staffer for taking bribe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has upheld dismissal from service of a court staffer who was nabbed while accepting money from an accused to influence the outcome of a case.A division bench comprising Justice B D Ahmed and Justice V K Jain dismissed the plea of Kanta Rani. In her plea, Rani had challenged her removal from service by the government after CBI arrested her while receiving first installment of the bribe.\"If a court official visits the house of an accused, without a reasonable excuse and is caught from there by CBI and is established she handled bribe money, it is only logical to presume that the visit was actuated by a dishonest motive....we have no hesitation in holding that such acts bring disrepute to the entire justice administration system and have the dangerous potential of tarnishing the image of those who are manning the system,\" the bench observed, viewing Rani's act as \"gross misconduct\".According to the HC administration, which defended her dismissal from service, Rani was posted as 'reader' in the court of then additional sessions judge S K Kaushik, where one V P Gulati was facing trial in a case. Gulati had applied for bail when Rani reportedly approached him and asked him to meet her after court hours. In his complaint to CBI, Gulati said that Rani told him that if he pays Rs 1 lakh to her then the judge would grant him bail. Rani then took him in the chamber of the ASJ, who demanded Rs 1 lakh for granting the bail, Gulati further alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11624283", "title": "Conference on computers and communication", "text": "BHOPAL: International conference on computers and communication (ICCC) 2012 would be held on January 27-28 in Bhopal at Sagar Institute of Science And Technology in association with IEEE, Computer Society of India and Institution of Engineers.About nine foreign and 165 national delegates are likely to participate in the two-day event held to connect academicians, researchers and engineers through research activities.ICCC 2012 would have 2 plenary and 8 parallel sessions with about 130 oral paper presentations. The best research papers would be awarded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622221", "title": "HC flays railways for ignoring disabled", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday lambasted the Railways for not implementing its own circular of 1998 for providing general commuter amenities including separate toilets and low height ticket windows at every station for the disabled.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi were hearing a public interest litigation filed in 2007 by the Disability Rights Initiative for for making railway facilities accessible for the disabled. The NGOs advocate Kranti L C said though by its own circular dated December 30, 1998 the Railways were to provide one accessible toilet and one ticket window at every station, it has taken a stand that it is not possible. Western Railway advocate said that this circular was not pointed out before.If you have your own guidelines, then why do you need someone else to tell you?'' asked Justice Shah to Western Railway advocate Beni Chatterji.Kranti also pointed out that a meeting was taken by Additional Solicitor General Darius Khambatta on the court's instruction but even his recommendations that the Railways should provide at least one accessible toilet and one ticketing window at every station as a start was not complied with. Chatterji said the NGO must give details of the deficiencies. According to us , all is in place,'' he added. Kranti said the last audit in May 2011 shows that basic facilities are missing at the railway stations.The judges directed the chairperson of the committee to be present in court. When Chatterji sought court's order to have a railway officer to assist the committee, the judges were perturbed at his request. Why do you want the court to pass such orders? This is a bureaucratic approach,'' said Justice Shah. In their order, the judges accepted the request of the Railways to have the Additional Divisional Railway Manager (Operations) to assist the committee.The judges have directed the Railways to submit an action plan for implementation of amenities within four weeks. Additionally, they also directed that the railways should forthwith take steps to build accessible toilets and ticket windows at every station.The matter will be heard on March 1, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11622768", "title": "Govt stands firm on VAT", "text": "HYDERABAD: Textile traders' protest against VAT entered its second day on Tuesday bringing the business in this sector across the state to a complete halt. Officials of commercial taxes department, however, continued to take a firm stand saying there was no going back and traders would eventually have to pass on the VAT burden to customers.Speaking with TOI, commissioner of commercial taxes, Suresh Chanda indicated that there would be no softening on part of the government. \"We have been instructed to collect tax and there has been no change in the directive given to the commercial taxes department,\" he said.Explaining the government stand, Chanda said, \"It is the individual state's discretion to levy tax. Every state will have to eventually impose tax on textiles as it was removed last April from the list of items on which additional excise duty is charged. Textiles were under this category from 1957 until last year and hence VAT was not imposed. But once removed from that list, it becomes taxable. It is then up to the state government to decide when it wants to collect tax.\"Pointing out that customers would have to bear the brunt of the tax and not textile traders, Chanda said the fears of traders about VAT being not affordable for them were unfounded. \"Traders feel that they are going to be paying tax out of their margins. In truth they will only have to collect it from the customer and give it to us. We have tried to explain it to them on numerous occasions,\" he said.When asked about concerns expressed by traders about losing out business to other states, Chanda said that it was highly unlikely. He opined that having been out of the tax bracket until now, the traders do not want to be taxed. He said that only traders who have a turnover of Rs 40 lakh and above fall under the VAT bracket.Claiming that 1600 traders have already registered with the department, Chanda said traders will ultimately have to pay tax dues from July last, along with a 25 to100 per cent penalty according to norms for defaulting on tax payments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11620646", "title": "Youth found murdered in Banganga", "text": "INDORE: A 25-year-old man's body was found with his head crushed in Banganga area in the city on Tuesday morning.The deceased has been identified as Sethi Dewan, son of Bane Singh with the help of the documents recovered from his pocket. He was a resident of Bhawani Nagar.On spotting the body, the local residents reported the matter to the police. A blood-stained stone was also recovered from the spot.Sethi was an employee with a private firm at Tejaji Nagar on night shift, the police said. He left his home on Monday at around 6 pm and was supposed to reach home early in the morning.Police suspect he was murdered and investigations are on into the case. Nobody has been arrested so far.Police registered an offence of murder aginst against unidentified person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622410", "title": "Milk in city may be substandard, but safe", "text": "NAGPUR: Instead of leaving you refreshed, does your morning cuppa make you worry about the quality of milk that goes into making it? If so, relax. A survey by local office of Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) shows that city is relatively better off when it comes to milk supply.The survey, done between April 2010 and December 2011, shows that about 24% of the milk distributed in was adulterated. While that is not nice, the adulteration is mostly using water or skimmed milk. It makes the milk substandard but not unsafe to health. This was revealed by the officials of FDA to members of NGO Jan Akrosh who met them to know the quality of milk being sold in city.\"Having read reports about urea and other harmful substances in 65% of milk distributed in the state, we were scared. We wished to know how safe milk being supplied in city is. So, we sought our answers from FDA and are assured that there is no threat to health,\" said Ravindra Kaskhedikar, secretary of Jan Akrosh.FDA officials said samples were taken from sources whose product quality was suspect. Out of 50 samples collected from across the city, 12 were found adulterated. Samples having more water were declared substandard as their fat content was low while the ones with skimmed milk showed a higher than expected fat content.FDA officials also told the members about their rights and the various laws meant to stop unhealthy food from reaching people's plates. \"Under the new Food Safety and Standards Act, all vendors including the milkmen are supposed to be registered with us. Any consumer can ask their milkmen whether or not they are licensed by FDA to sell milk,\" informed joint commissioner of Nagpur division Ashok Giri. He also requested the consumers to be vigilant and help the department crack down on those trying to pollute foodstuffs.\"After receiving a complaint, we have to finish our investigations in eight days and prosecute the offender within a year. Those found guilty are liable to pay a penalty of Rs 2 lakh and undergo imprisonment up to six months,\" said S B Naragude, assistant commissioner (food). The officials had detailed discussions with the members of the NGO and Jan Akrosh legal expert Nivedita Palshikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622270", "title": "Netas take to sports to look fit", "text": "NAGPUR: Politicians do enjoy playing games. While the pun can't be denied, the fact is that politicians in Nagpur really do enjoy their games and many try to maintain a high level of fitness. From the sombre morning walk to aerobic games and even farming, our sitting corporators work hard to burn their calories.Shiv Sena's district chief Shekhar Sawarbandhe is an avid sports fan with a special inclination towards badminton and table tennis. Sawarbandhe, said, \"I have been playing table tennis since my younger days. In fact I represented my school and college in various competitions. After I became a corporator I also started playing badminton and took a liking to the game. Sports help me stay fit and provides me the energy to perform better in other spheres of life.\"However, a few months ago Sawarbandhe I had to stop playing due to kidney problems so I have now started practicing yoga.Prakash Gajbhiye is a Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporator who finds time for light physical activities despite his busy schedule. \"Morning walk is a must for me no matter how tight my schedule isas it helps me start my day on a right note. When I was younger I actively participated in kabbadi and kho-khoand used to be a regular at the gym. After entering politics I don't get the time to play those games so I have shifted to walking and yoga,\" said Gajbhiye.At 29, Kamlesh Choudhary is the youngest corporator in the NMC; and the former bodybuilder is trying to keep pace with his demanding schedule. This is Kamlesh's fifth year at the civic body and away from the gym.\"I just cannot spend long hours pumping iron anymore so I have now shifted to swimming. My swimming sessions are hard-core as it is the only exercise that I now bank upon to keep my body fit,\" he said.Sandip Joshi, NMC standing committee chairman, is an avid sports buff. \"I was part of my college kabaddi team and am now promoting various sports in the city. I am president of various sports organizations and whenever I get time I immediately take to the field. I don't go for walks on a regular basis but play cricket occasionally,\" said Joshi.Not all politicos are falling back on sports to keep themselves fit though.Praful Gudadhe, Congress corporator, said, \"I try to keep fit by working on my orange farm near the city.\"My schedule is so busy that I cannot narrow down on a daily exercise regime, hence I just try to exercise in a natural environment,\" said Gudadhe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11627069", "title": "Kelly Rowland just stared at Beyonce's baby", "text": "Kelly Rowland has revealed she couldn't stop staring at Beyonce Knowles' \"beautiful\" baby the first time she met her.The singer and Michelle Williams went to visit their former Destiny's Child bandmate and her newborn daughter Blue Ivy last week and Kelly can't stop gushing over her friend's tot.When asked about the baby, the 'Down for Whatever' hitmaker said: \"She's absolutely beautiful! And I say that with such a huge grin! I'm so excited for her (Beyonce) ... I just stared at her.\"Kelly admits Michelle was equally as transfixed with the two-week-old tot - Beyonce's first child with her husband Jay-Z - when they paid a visitSpeaking at the Hpnotiq Harmonie and Live Louder 2012 Kickoff cocktail party at the W hotel in Hollywood last night (24.01.12), she revealed: \"We all just stared at her (Blue Ivy). She is so beautiful.\"Kelly, 30, is remaining tight-lipped on what gift she bought for Blue Ivy, but she insists it was a very fashionable present.When quizzed on what present she gave the baby, she laughed: \"That's between me and Blue. But you best believe her auntie will have her dressed to impress.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622431", "title": "Govt won\u2019t sack Gen VK Singh over age row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even if the court order goes against the Army Chief V K Singh, the government would not summarily sack him, government sources say.As the stand-off over Gen Singh's age issue gets close to a possible Supreme Court listing, the government has decided on a multi-pronged strategy to deal with the unprecedented and embarrassing situation. His petition before the Supreme Court is yet to be taken up for hearing, and could come up before a bench as early as next week.As the court battle nears, the government has decided not to carry on any further negotiations with Gen Singh. The government had been trying to find a solution to ensure that an all-out legal battle can be avoided. However, those efforts have not succeeded and it doesn't have any chance to succeed now, sources insist.The government had deployed finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , NSA Shiv Shankar Menon, defence secretary Shashikant Sharma and defence minister A K Antony to find a way out. They have had several rounds of discussions with Gen Singh, but an amicable settlement couldn't be reached. As late as last week, the government was hoping to avoid a legal battle. \"There is no such hope any more,\" said a senior source.The source also pointed out that the second part of the government strategy is to take all further decisions on the Army chief's age issue after the Supreme Court's order. The government acknowledges that there are systemic problems with the Army headquarters that led to two branches of the Army- Military Secretary and Adjutant General -maintaining two different sets of date of birth for Gen Singh for almost 40 years. It is this difference that was manipulated against him in 2006.However, those changes that are necessary to the Army setup to avoid any such future trouble would not be carried out before the court order, sources say. \"Whatever may be the order, even if it is embarrassing to us, would be implemented,\" they insist, indicating that the government doesn't have a confrontationist mindset.A source insists that the UPA government has decided not to commit the blunder of sacking a service chief. \"We wouldn't commit the blunder of NDA,\" he said, referring to the sacking of Admiral Vishnu Bhagwat as the naval chief by the then BJP-led NDA government in December, 1998. The sacking had led to months of acrimonious public debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626998", "title": "Lana Del Rey says love is 'electrifying'", "text": "Lana Del Rey has revealed it felt \"electrifying\" when she first fell in love.The 25-year-old singer insists her whole body felt different because her feelings for the mystery man were so strong and the emotion inspired her song 'Off to the Races'.She said: \"When I found somebody who I fell in love with, it made me feel different than I felt the rest of the day. It was electrifying. That's what inspired the 'Off to the Races' melodies. That's one of the times when you're feeling electrified by someone else and they make you happy to be alive.\"Lana's music is inspired by events in her own life and she has revealed she insists on complete control over her art because she wants to be an authentic artist.The 'Video Game' hitmaker - who releases her hotly anticipated album 'Born to Die' later this month - added in an interview with the February/March issue of Complex magazine: \"If you consider the definition of authenticity, it's saying something and actually doing it. I write my own songs. I made my own videos. I pick my producers. Nothing goes out without my permission. It's all authentic.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11623240", "title": "Experts discuss urban poverty", "text": "PATNA: Bihar urban development minister Prem Kumar has said the government is on the job to address the issue of urban poverty in the state.Speaking at a UGC-sponsored national seminar on \"Urban poverty: issues and challenges\" at Patna Women's College on Tuesday, Kumar said the state government has approved Bihar State Slum Policy-2011 which would help it ensure empowerment of the urban poor. It would also address the issues concerning housing, water supply, sewerage and toilets for the poor.\"The state has witnessed a sustained growth during the last seven years but there has been negligible change in the poverty rate. The urban poverty rate in Bihar has gone down from 43% in 2005 to merely 41% in 2011 and the rural poverty rate from 61% in 2005 to 60% in 2011,\" said Amitabh Kundu, professor at the Centre for the Study of Regional Development, JNU, New Delhi.Patna University pro-VC J P Singh said caste-ridden society, inequality, increasing population, its lack of techno-friendliness and agriculture-dependent economy are some of the factors responsible for poverty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "11622430", "title": "Mahbubnagar stares at water crisis", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: The summer is two months away but Mahbubnagar district is facing a severe drinking water crisis as officials visiting the villages are greeted by protesters carrying empty pots and pitchers. Already, half of 1,440 villages in the district are in the throes of a grave water crisis and the situation is only set to worsen in the coming days.The ground water levels have depleted drastically and villagers are forced to trek miles to fetch a pot of drinking water. Villagers' pleas to the authorities to supply water through tankers have fallen on deaf ears.Thalakondapally, Upunuthala, Madgul, Veldhanda and Kalwakurthy mandals are the worst-hit. Tribals in some of the thandas in these mandals are forced to trek 8-10 km to get a pot of drinking water. At some places, angry villagers are staging dharnas demanding supply of drinking water.Recently, hundreds of villagers of Thangallapally in Kondurg mandal staged a day's dharna lambasting the officials for failing to ensure water supplies. There was no water supply to the village for over 15 days and after much dithering, supply was restored partially.\"We were left to fend for ourselves. The official response has been appalling,\" complained Dharmaiah, a farmer.According to the ground water department, the water level in December 2011 was 11.53 metres BGL (below ground level) as against 8.52 metres BGL in the previous year.\"The deficient rainfall has further compounded the problem as main water sources have already dried up,\" a senior official pointed out.What about contingency plans? A special officer on condition of anonymity told TOI that they were helpless as fund allocation from the government was meagre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "11623982", "title": "Gulbarga observes peaceful bandh", "text": "GULBARGA: The bandh called by the Hyderabad Karnataka Horata Samithi (HKHS) on Tuesday demanding the Central government to bring an amendment to Article 371 was peaceful in Gulbarga. If the Article is amended, the Hyderabad-Karnatak region will get a special status.Members of Jayakarnataka, Karnataka Rakshana Vedike, Kannada Sene and Autorickshaw Drivers' Association took out a rally on the main streets of Gulbarga town and submitted a memorandum to deputy commissioner C R Vishal. Hundreds of students under the banner of Akhila Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad took out a bike rally.Most of the shops on main streets remained closed while schools and colleges declared a holiday. Buses also remained off the roads till afternoon. In view of the bandh, the North Eastern Karnataka Road Transport Corporation suspended its services in Bidar, Gulbarga, Yadgir, Raichur and Koppal districts.Buses from outside districts were not allowed to enter the city after 9 am. However, all government offices functioned normally.After submitting the memorandum, HKHS chairman Vaijanath Patil warned the Central government not to test the patience of the people of the region. He urged the government to take immediate steps to meet the long-pending demand and make an announcement in this regard in the coming session of Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11624181", "title": "HJC-BJP to prepare chargesheet against govt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana Janhit Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party alliance in Haryana has decided to prepare a chargesheet against the Congress government to highlight alleged cases of corruption. It will be submitted to the governor on the lines of a chargesheet prepared by Congress in 2004 against the then chief minister, Om Prakash Chautala and his family members, which led to a CBI probe later.HJC supremo Kuldeep Bishnoi said on Tuesday that they would take off the mask of honesty from the face of the government. In-charge of Haryana affairs in BJP, Harshvardhan said that their party has already worked a lot on the chargesheet, and now a committee of the alliance leaders would work together to finalize it after collecting evidences in corruption cases.However, senior Congress leader Karan Singh Dalal, who was also member of the committee which had framed charges against the Chautala family, has termed the decision of HJC-BJP \"an eyewash and an attempt to destabilize the government\".\"We had submitted documentary evidences against the Chautala family, which led to registration of five criminal cases against them by the CBI,\" Dalal added.Meanwhile, the HJC-BJP alliance has also decided to form a committee which would prepare a report on alleged regional bias in government jobs and development across the 90 assembly constituencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11622925", "title": "No Pakistani jokes please, we are Indian Army", "text": "INDORE: Call it infiltration of the rib-tickling kind. The performances of two stand-up comedians in Mhow Cantonment Board were cancelled by alarmed Army officers after they learnt that they were from Pakistan . Irfan Malik and Ali Hasan, known as Pakistan's Laurel and Hardy, were denied permission to put up their show at the last minute, when the officers realized the kerfuffle it might create.Malik and Hasan were scheduled to perform before a large civilian and Army crowd at Mhow (sometimes described as an acronym of 'Military Headquarters of War' because of the huge Army base there) on Monday. The event was linked to the inauguration of an open-air theatre with state industries minister Kailash Vijayvargiya as chief guest.The 'Mhow somersault' will now probably end up as another gag in the repertoire of Pakistani comedians Irfan Malik and Ali Hasan.They performed for Indian soldiers near Chandigarh but once the Army got to know of their \"Pakistani origin\" from military internal intelligence, their show at the Mhow Cantonment Board was a no-no.It is another matter that the Pakistani duo are a hit on Indian television shows. \"No one thought this could raise eyebrows since the two had entertained Indian soldiers at a place near Chandigarh just a couple of days before their Mhow programme,\" claimed a civilian functionary of the show's organizing team.Kailash Pande, vice president of the Cantonment Board, said they had completed all the procedures to get Irfan and Hasan for the show. \"Once we learnt the Pakistani artists were coming to India, we got in touch and they happily agreed to perform. They also got clearance from the ministry of external affairs. But at the eleventh hour, we were told they should not be allowed into the Army base,\" Pande said.What followed was a rush to save face. The organizers finally managed to rope in a couple of Indian comedians to stand in for the Pakistani duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11624087", "title": "Now, theatre comes closer home", "text": "MYSORE: Bahuroopi, the national theatre festival concluded recently, but theatre buffs have some more treats in store.Drama troupes Rangamani, Rasaranga, and Puttaswamy Mitra Vrinda have organized an extension drama festival. Every month, artistes will perform a play a day in different residential areas in the cultural city for 12 months starting January 26.More than 60 artistes will perform to promote theatre activities and create awareness about the importance of literacy and the evil effects of alcohol abuse.Plays based on mythology and chapters of the epic, Ramayana, will be performed and the duration of each play will be two hours. About 100 theatre artistes, including senior artistes will be felicitated during the extension drama festival.Artiste and event organizer of Rangamani, G Mahadevappa, told TOI that they will create awareness about literacy and ill effects of alcohol consumption through comedy dramas. Nowadays, people are responding to theatre shows very well. Since most of the artistes can't afford to organize dramas in auditoriums and halls, they have decided to perform on stages set up at public places in different residential areas and in view of creating interest about theatre activities entry will be free, he said.The artistes cannot afford to hold plays even at Jaganmohan Palace auditorium, because it costs nearly Rs 4,000 and there is no concession for artistes either.Mysore City Corporation laid the foundation stone for Rangamandira behind Town Hall a year ago and ex-mayor Sandesh Swamy assured the artistes that Rangamandira would be provided to artistes for rent at Rs 100, but the construction work is going on, Mahadevappa said, requesting authorities to complete Rangamandir soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "amalapuram", "code": "11622590", "title": "More protests over defiling of Ambedkar statue", "text": "AMALAPURAM: Uneasy calm prevailed in the town and surrounding areas in Konaseema on Tuesday, a day after statues of Ambedkar were damaged. Sources said four persons were taken into custody in connection with the incident but the senior police officers did not confirm the arrests.People of Konaseema observed a bandh peacefully and activists of various dalit organisations conducted protest rallies, road blockades and formed human chains in protest against the desecration of the statues. At several places, they poured milk on Ambedkar statues as a cleansing ritual. Shops, schools, business establishments remained closed.The dalit activists blocked the Ravulapalem-Amalapuram road (40 km) at several places, paralysing traffic. Buses were stranded on the road for several hours as dalits shouted slogans against the desecration of Ambedkar statues.Dalit student organisations called for a bandh in Andhra University in Visakhapatnam and demanded stringent action against those responsible for the incidents. They took out a huge rally, shouting slogans in support of Ambedkar.While cops, including personnel of Rapid Action Force, were deployed in large numbers to prevent any untoward incidents, Eluru range DIG Surya Prakasa Rao and district SP Trivikram Varma monitored the situation by camping in Amalapuram. Mobile teams were deployed and pickets organised at various junctions in Amalapuram and surrounding areas for the second consecutive day, while section 144 was in place.District collector Ravi Chandra and minister P Viswaroop visited the town and appealed for calm. They urged the people not to believe rumors and maintain peace. Additional DG Krishna Raju, who will investigate the defiling of the statues, was closeted with local police officials.Meanwhile, people across the state expressed their anger and took part in protest rallies and rasta rokos against the defiling of statues.Mobile teams were deployed and pickets organised at various junctions in Amalapuram and surrounding areas for the second consecutive day. Section 144 was in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bajpur", "code": "11623559", "title": "We'll be clean: Rahul Gandhi", "text": "BAJPUR: Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday sought to turn the tables on BJP on corruption saying it had admitted sacked BSP minister B S Kushwaha into its fold despite pontificating on probity and clean governance.He got an overwhelming response from the packed grounds. Undaunted by Monday's shoe attack, the Congress leader spoke aggressively, his pitch noticeably sharpened over the past few weeks. He said BJP leaders, including L K Advani, have been campaigning on corruption.But the party did nothing to rein in politicians like former CM Nishank. \"If they were genuinely against corruption, why not take action against him?\" Urging voters to help install a clean government, Rahul said several Youth Congress members were given tickets. \"They are clean people . The party conducted an impartial inquiry into each nominee.\"Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11624455", "title": "IMD to get 400 automatic weather stations as part of its upgradation", "text": "PUNE: At least 400 automatic weather stations (AWS) and 2,000 automatic rain gauge stations (ARGs) will be installed under phase II of the India Meteorological Department's (IMD) modernisation programme, which begins in April.\"The idea is to enhance the country-wide network of AWS and ARGs for better data collection and weather forecasting services,\" IMD's additional director general for meteorology (ADGM) S Krishnaiah said here on Tuesday.\"The programme also includes installation of 50 Doppler weather radars at strategic locations. Of these, 12 were undertaken for installation under phase I programmes. Besides, the programme aims at creating a network of lightning detection systems and 'nowcasting' service, which refers to very short range forecasts,\" he said.The IMD, which is the national agency for weather forecasting, is celebrating its 137th foundation day. A disastrous tropical cyclone that struck Calcutta in 1864 and the famine in Bengal between 1866 and 1871 prompted the British government in India to establish the IMD on January 15, 1875.The IMD headquarters, initially located in Calcutta, was shifted to Shimla and then to Pune before it was finally relocated to its present place in New Delhi. The Pune office continues to be the second most important office, which houses a national data centre, a seismology centre, surface instruments, agri-met and weather forecasting units, among others.The project widening of the networks of the AWS and the ARGs, which play a critical role in enabling data collection for assessment and predictions relating to monsoon and rains, is being primarily being driven by IMD's Pune office.Under the XI Five Year Plan (2007-2012), the central government had okayed a Rs 920-crore programme for modernisation of the IMD. The same is now set to move into the XII Five Year Plan, which commences from April this year. Several plans are currently under scientific scrutiny and are expected to be finalised soon.Krishnaiah said, \"A major thrust of the phase II modernisation programme will be on strengthening the infrastructure relating to meteorological services. We have already installed eight of the 12 Doppler weather radars under phase I. The remaining will be covered in the phase II activities.\"He said, \"Total 550 AWS and 1,350 ARGs were taken up for installation under the phase I activities. We are lagging a bit in the installation of the ARGs but, we will make up for it soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "11622855", "title": "Biker ferries patients free of cost", "text": "JALPAIGURI: If you need an ambulance to ferry a patient from Dhalabari and its surrounding villages in Jalpaiguri, Karimul Haque is the person to be contacted. The middle-aged man carries patients to hospitals on his motorcycle, free of cost, to ensure a timely treatment.Karimul's mother had suffered a stroke and had to be taken to hospital immediately. With no ambulance available to ferry his 55-year-old mother, Karimul Haque could do little. He watched helplessly as his mother breathed her last. But, he did not shed a tear at the loss. Instead, he took an oath: He would not let anybody in his village die without treatment.Ten years hence, Karimul has been ferrying patients on his motorcycle so that they get proper medical treatment on time. Be it early morning or well past midnight, Karimul is always at the service of those in need.Besides ferrying patients from his own village, Karimul, a resident of Dhalabari in Kranti under Malbazar subdivision, is at the service of people from adjoining villages as well.Jainal Haque, a 17-year-old boy of Baro ghoria village, was admitted to Rajdanga hospital when he was detected with malignant malaria. \"Doctors at the hospital advised me to take Jainal to the Jaipaiguri sadar hospital. It was well past evening then. It was Karimul who helped me to take my son to the hospitaland it was because of him that my son received proper treatment on time,\" said Jaina's father Sirajul Haque.An assistant manager at a tea garden, Karimul plans to buy an ambulance to serve the villagers. \"Had there been an ambulance in the village, my mother would have survived the attack. Whenever I hear of someone ailing, it reminds me of my mother,\" said Karimul.\"The effort Karimul gives in serving people round-the-clock is very commendable. More importantly, he does that free of cost. We feel proud to be his co-villager,\" said Abed Ali, panchayat member of Dhalabari GP.Karimul, however, does not think it is a big deal. \"Had my mother been alive, I would have had to spend money for her living. I consider that by serving people I am serving my mother,\" said Karimul", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11618790", "title": "Your senses", "text": "The self-existent Supreme pierced the senses to turn outward. Thus we look to the world outside and see not the Self within us. A sage withdraws his senses from the world of change and, seeking immortality, looks within and beholds the deathless Self. Katha Upanishad * The tempter masters the lazy and irresolute man who dwells on the attractive side of things, ungoverned in his senses, and unrestrained in his food, like the wind overcomes a rotten tree. But the tempter cannot master a man who dwells on the distasteful side of things, self-controlled in his senses, moderate in eating, resolute and full of faith, like the wind cannot move a mountain crag. Gautama Buddha * Not to have control over the senses is like sailing in a rudderless ship, bound to break to pieces on coming in contact with the very first rock. M K Gandhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11621059", "title": "Goa gears up to offer visa on arrival", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's tourism industry is set to receive a shot in the arm this year as the state is gearing up to offer visa on arrival to international tourists within the next few months.What has made the tourism industry even happier is that Russia is among the 13 new countries, being considered by the Union government, to be given the visa on arrival facility. Russia currently occupies the top slot among Goa's foreign tourist arrivals having edged out the United Kingdom (UK) from the spot, a couple of years ago.Statistics for the 2010-11 season reveal that 889 charter flights arrived in Goa bringing 1.71 lakh tourists. Russians topped the tourist arrivals at 87,921 passengers, while tourists from the UK rankedsecond at 57,848.Besides these two countries, charter flights from Switzerland , Poland, Finland, Germany, Norway, France, the Netherlands and Iran also landed during the last tourist season.Sources at the Dabolim airport said that the implementation of the visa on arrival facility is much behind schedule.\"To implement the facility, the immigration counter at the airport has to be manned by the bureau of immigration which has a centralized database linked with immigration counters at major international airports across the country. The deadline for the Goa police to hand over charge to the bureau was December 31. But, there were slight differences between the two parties which are being ironed out,\" sources said.Sources pointed out that the Goa police, who are to provide its personnel to the new setup, wanted to retain its current system of two duty shifts, while the bureau has been demanding duty in three shifts.\"There are a numberof posts that have to be manned by the state government and the central government respectively, and the Goa government's quota has been exceeded. But, Goa police personnel can also join the bureau of immigration on deputation for which some names have been cleared,\" sources said.Sources in the Goa police told TOI that the department has not agreed to the three duty shifts as demanded by the bureau of immigration. \"We were also supposed to receive a government notification on January 15 for the handing over of charge to the bureau. That has not happened probably as the elections are near. Besides, we will also not have staff available due to election duty. But, I think our differences will be sorted out and it should not be a problem,\" a high ranking police source said.When contacted, tourism director Swapnil Naik said that support given by former state governor S S Sidhu was crucial for Goa to push forward its case for a visa on arrival facility. \"The administrative process to bring in the changes is already on. I think, we should be able to offer the visa on arrival facility to tourists very shortly,\" Naik said.\"We have been lobbying for this for quite a while and are happy that visa on arrival will now be available in Goa soon. A delegation of state industry representatives had met with senior government officials in Delhi to appraise them of the situation. We also met Subodh Kant Sahai when he was in Goa recently with regards to this matter. This is an excellent move and will benefit tourism in the state greatly. The last tourist season the state has seen a large increase in tourists from countries like Ukraine , Kazakhstan, Belarus and Russia,\" said Ralph de Sousa, spokesperson, travel and tourism association of Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622405", "title": "I-T sleuths swoop on grain supplier, realtor", "text": "NAGPUR: A foodgrain supplier of mid-day meal scheme along with a prominent realty firm - riding on the Mihan-fuelled property boom - had the taxman knocking their doors on Tuesday.In two simultaneous operations the income tax department raided premises of Phoenix Infra, a real estate company having its office off Wardha Road, and that of the Pagariya Group. The latter is a business house headed by Jalgaon-based family, with the affairs being managed by Ujjwal Pagaria. The firm which is mainly into supplying foodgrains to various government agencies also has a swanky four-storyed tiles store at Great Nag Road apart from a party lawn at Wardhaman Nagar.Director of income tax (investigation), Shailendra Handa who refused to divulge many details of the operations and the persons involved, confirmed that raids were conducted on two business houses of the city. Other details like the amount of unaccounted cash or other assets seized can be only ascertained a day later, said the officer. Both the operations covered 11 premises in all including one in Jalgaon belonging to the Pagariyas.If Pagariyas have an established business, Phoenix has seen a stupendous rise within a period of last five years. This is among the group of realty firms which have grown big riding on the Mihan-fuelled realty boom.Phoenix's salesmen, trying to push plots off Wardha Road are often seen wooing prospective customers on the street, especially in front of the Landmark building in Ramdaspeth. The firm works on a network of 10,000 salesmen, those who buy plots are also converted into marketing executives increasing the work force and spreading the business too.The company is headed by Jitesh Nashine a young engineer from Tumsar. It started off as a small office soon spreading its business to other cities apart from Nagpur.Lately Phoenix had bagged a tender for building a residential apartment in a four-acre patch inside the Mihan complex. Sources say the company's fast growth from a small set-up, and also bagging a major deal in Mihan is likely to have caught the taxman's eye. Phoenix was the second highest bidder, the first contender did not pay the money paving way for this firm in the deal.Phoenix through its website claims to have business in cities like Mumbai, Lucknow, Bhopal. It has also made announcements on starting projects in Goa and Jaipur. The claims also include that of launching a smart card through which they will be able to access the accounts of their clients.Pagariyas on the other hand shifted to Nagpur from Jalgaon and are learnt to be closely-linked with some politicians in the city.Both Pagariya and Nashine could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11623950", "title": "\u2018NYPD shows anti-Muslim film to rookies\u2019", "text": "NEW YORK: An \"explosive\" film containing clips of Muslim terrorists shooting Christians in the head and an Islamic flag flying over the White House has been shown to NYPD officers as part of their training, raising concerns over relationship between police and the Muslim community.The 72-minute film titled 'The Third Jihad' has been seen by at least 1,489 police officers, New York Police Department, the New York Times reported. The revelation that city police officials have been shown a film that \"casts a broad shadow over American Muslims\" comes as law enforcement agencies are grappling with allegations that they spied on and infiltrated Muslim communities in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626408", "title": "Times Food &amp; Nightlife Guide, Chennai launch", "text": "The launch of the Times Food &amp; Nightlife Guide, Chennai, 2012 was an unforgettable gastronomic evening.What do you get when you have Kollywood, Chennai's glitterati and the best culinary talent under one roof ? A food riot, you say? That's exactly how the Times Food &amp; Nightlife Guide 2012 launch turned out to be this starry evening at the Park Sheraton Hotel and Towers.It had all the essential ingredients to ensure it would turn out to be the dishiest affair in town, literally. What with the toast of Chennai's culinary talent being awarded for their achievements by the most glamorous people in town, there was enough feast for the eyes as much as there was for the city's palates.The evening began on a very spirited note, as the city's celebrities, from films to fashion to diplomats to corporate heads, caught up over hors d'oeuvres and more ahead of the Food Oscars in the city.And when the ceremony began, it was a packed house, as the emcee for the evening, Cary, greeted everyone with some repartees and food humour as he called on stage, Femina Miss India World 2008 and Miss World 2008 runner-up, actress Parvathy Omanakuttan, to launch The Times Food &amp; Nightlife Guide. Unveiling the green and white guide, the svelte Parvathy said, \"You may not believe this but I am a complete foodie. I love good food!\"What followed then was a celebration of Chennai's culinary talent. As Cary called on a celebrity on the stage to give away an award in every new category, there were loud guesses from the crowd as to whom the winners were. Cary stated, \"I think we should rename the awards to the People's Choice Awards, considering that all the crowd favourites are emerging the winners.\"The award givers were from numerous walks of life - fashion to sport to movies. They included Kollywood stars like Jayam Ravi and Arun Vijay, ace directors like K S Ravikumar and Vasanth, fashion designers like Erum Ali and Chaitanya Rao and many more glitterati.Once the awards ceremony was complete, it was a night of indulgence as the best cuisines and delicacies were lavishly spread out for the guests to feast on.The Times Food &amp; Nightlife Guide, Chennai, 2012 was held in association with co-sponsor Kaff Appliances and supported by Kingfisher. Visit timescity.com for more information on The Times Food &amp; Nightlife Guide, Chennai, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622189", "title": "No takers for low cost homes", "text": "MUMBAI: When three years ago record home prices and higher interest rates dampened demand, developers hit on the idea of constructing affordable (mass) housing projects to fuel sales.Three years later, leave alone flats worth crores, Mumbaikars are wary of touching even much cheaper property; a survey finds at least a third of the under-construction flats, priced below Rs 35 lakh, in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region have not yet been booked. Nearly 36% of flats costing approximately Rs 35 lakh that are currently being constructed are lying unsold in Mumbai, says a study carried out by Knight Frank, global real estate consultants. These flats are located in the western suburbs beyond Borivali and Thane.Its an all-india trend. Data by the consultants shows that developers who had rushed to launch these affordable housing projects are sitting with 44% of unsold stock. While the demand for Rs 35 lakh apartments went up in Mumbai, Gurgaon, Noida, Thane, Bangalore, Kolkata, supply grew at a faster pace as realtors rushed into the market to improve their cash flows at a time when there were few takers for upper-end dwelling units.Hyderabad has the highest unsold stock of 54% while Bangalore and Kolkata had 50% respectively. Pune had 25% unsold stocks.A number of property developers such as Unitech, Omaxe, Tata Housing, Puravankara, Lodha Developers and Ansal have announced projects in the sub-Rs 30 lakh category in the last one year following the economic downturn, coupled with fear of job losses and salary cuts that slowed sales of premium projects.Property experts said a lot of developers took the plunge as it was the only segment that was doing well. And, since unit sizes were small, more houses were built in a given piece of land. Supply has overshot demand and, therefore, we are seeing a piling up of inventory,\" said a consultant.Price hike had a big role to play in this.According a real estate broke in recent months many developers increased rates sensing signs of normalcy in the market. The impact of the price rise has been in all segments, but since the sub-Rs 30 lakh segment was selling the most, sales were hit maximum in this segment,\" said he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622650", "title": "CTET 2012: Ten-fold rise in aspirants in a year", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Teachers Eligibility Test (CTET) 2012 to be held on January 29 got a massive response in Nagpur compared to last year. Total 23,751 candidates will be appearing in city, up nearly ten-fold from last year's 2,400.There will be two papers of 90 minutes each to be held in the morning and afternoon. Paper-I is for candidates who want to teach Std I-V while Paper-II is for candidates who want to teach Std VI-VIII.The massive rise in number of candidates appearing for both papers has meant CBSE that conducts the tests had to ramp up the infrastructure. In Nagpur, for Paper-I there are 19,040 candidates and 8,135 for Paper-II. It takes the total to 27,175 but some candidates are appearing for both accounting for 23,175 candidates in all.Annapoorni Shastri, principal of Bhavan's (Wathoda), is the coordinator for CTET in Nagpur. She said the huge response prompted them to augment the exam facilities. \"Last year, we had four centres. This year, we will be having 33 in the city,\" said Shastri.The National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) had notified in a circular that a teacher should clear the CTET in order to get appointed in CBSE schools like Kendriya and Navodaya Vidyalayas. This was made mandatory under the Right to Education Act and CBSE was entrusted the responsibility of conducting CTET by ministry of Human Resource Development.CTET qualification is not a mandatory for teachers in private CBSE schools yet but it is expected to be so in future. Schools in Nagpur too are looking for CTET certificate when considering new teachers. Neeru Kapai, principal of Modern School, said, \"if there is a choice then someone who has cleared the CTET will be preferred. That will ensure that there is uniformity in standard of teaching.\"The passing mark for CTET is 60% and is considered one of the reasons why almost 90% candidates who appeared failed the exam last year. No changes have been made in the pattern this year.Shastri said, \"The exam will be in pen-paper mode only. There will be no negative markings. Paper-I will be from 10 am to 11.30 am and Paper-II will be from 1 pm to 2.30 pm.\"The CTET will be conducted annually and the certificate will be valid for seven years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11622785", "title": "Girl's body found in sack at Park Circus", "text": "KOLKATA: The decomposed body of a nine-year-old girl, stuffed inside a jute bag, was found in front of the ticket counter of Park Circus railway station early on Tuesday. 's ticket booking counter on platform No. 2 early on Tuesday.Police said the jute bag remained unclaimed for a long time. This sparked suspicion following which the railway police were informed.Cops from Ballygunge GRP station rushed to the spot and found a decomposed body inside. The initial post-mortem report suggests that a deep head injury probably caused the girl's death.The inquest report, however, revealed that the girl was not a victim of any sexual assault. Police are yet to declare if she was murdered. The girl has not yet been identified since there was no document found to provide information on her identity. unidentified as nothing was found that can provide any link to her identity.Police said that they have initiated a case of unnatural death.SRP Sealdah Tapas Bose said, \"We are trying to trace her identity. After a detailed post-mortem report, it would be clear whether she was murdered or not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11623169", "title": "Tourism gets a big boost during lit fest", "text": "JAIPUR: The annual Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF) is not just about books. The five-day event that attracted over 50,000 visitors from across the world this year is also an opportunity for the tourism industry to cash in.As a spin-off, not just great footfalls are witnessed at the historical monuments, but traders too enjoy brisk business during the event. Add to that the city gets to feast its eyes on celebrities as well.According to Deepak Dhandh, managing director of a leading leisure travel service provider which is also the official travel partner for the JLF, \"Just about every author and delegate had a city tour and a visit to handicrafts store in their itinerary. While Oprah Winfrey visited the City Palace and Amber, British playwright Tom Stoppard zeroed in on City Palace. Carribean writer Jamaica Kincaid and Chinese author Amy Chua visited all the major historical monuments in the city.\"MP Shashi Tharoor and wife Sunanda made a quick visit to the Jal Mahal soon after landing in Jaipur, before attending the literature festival.People traveling down to Jaipur for the JLF from all over the world want to keep aside a few days to travel around the country. We had booked over 180 tours prior to the festival for different destinations across India for the visiting delegates and authors. And once here, almost all of them asked for a trip to Tilonia, said Dhandh.Apart from historical tours, the trip organizers received several requests for Shekhawati region and Pushkar from young visitors. \"Most people book their trips for least a week prior to the festival to ensure they get enough time for sight-seeing. Udaipur and Jodhpur are other popular destinations,\" he said.While a visit to the 'renovated' Jal Mahal was on the top of the list, the light and sound show at the Jantar Mantar was also a huge hit with the visitors and delegates.Pankaj Dhirendra, superintendent, Amber Development and Management Authority said, \"We did see a surge in visitors during the last four days with 21,022 of them visiting the fort. We earned a revenue to the tune of Rs19,03,295.\"Arvind Peters, coordinator, City Palace also echoed similar sentiments. \"We witnessed fantastic footfall. Just the day when Oprah was here we had 5,000 visitors,\" he added.City hotels and restaurants ran to packed houses during these days. \"This year, I didn't get time to attend a single session at the festival. The restaurant was packed for lunch till 5 pm and for dinner till late night with authors as well as the young crowd,\" said Rajnish Pardal, owner of a prominent city restaurant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11624000", "title": "Slum encroachments top list of H-East\u2019s travails", "text": "MUMBAI: Alook about from the foot over-bridge at Bandra station throws up a picture in contrast-in the west are plush buildings and in the east hundreds of shanties of Garib Nagar. The railway lines below , it appears, divide the haves and the have-nots-as they roughly separate H-West from H-East ward. Residents of H-East ward-which includes the areas Bandra (East), Khar (East), Santa Cruz (East)-say they have many problems, such as water contamination , water logging and illegal hawkers. But the most prominent problem of them all, according to them, is the slums encroaching on \"government land\".Garib Nagar, Behrampara and Gajdar Bandh area are some of the encroachments in H-East. Every monsoon, large parts of Garib Nagar, which is home to about 5,000 people, gets submerged due to the absence of any proper drainage system. Rehabilitation has been an option , but it has left residents from different strata dissatisfied. Garib Nagar resident Zuleka Sheikh, who has been shelterless since the fire in the area last year, says she has lost hope in the political system. \"No matter how big the leaders are, I will throw my election card at them if they come campaigning,\" she says.Meanwhile, A V Karnik, former deputy director of the Intelligence Bureau and a Bandra (East) resident, argues, \"The government is trying to clear illegal encroachments and relocate slumdwellers to the outskirts. But they tend to put the allotted flats on rent and start living in slums again.\"Some corporators agree with Karnik's take. Shiv Sena corporator Manmohan Chonkar says, \"Slums in this area have been surviving due to political patronage. No development can ever take place unless parties are serious about bringing about a change.\" Congress corporator Dharmesh Vyas too argues that the slow pace of development is due to the resistance offered by the large slum population.H-East residents feel the increase in population figures in their areas has not being matched by an equal rise in civic amenities. \"We are not equipped to deal with this influx. That is the reason we face major water cuts and the roads are getting so congested,\" says Siddharth Campal, a civic engineer from Vakola.Civic activist Nilima Vaidya points out that contaminated water is a constant headache. \"Since drainage pipes are old and have fallen into disrepair, we get polluted water. During the monsoon , communicable diseases are widespread ,\" she says. Moreover, lack of proper garbage disposal has left some areas as a breeding ground for mosquitoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11623153", "title": "Anti-encroachment drive forces hawkers out", "text": "NASHIK: Encroachments at Jail Road in the Nashik Road area were removed on Tuesday morning in a drive by the anti-encroachment department officials. with a few handcarts and some non-political hoardings.Confiscated property was whisked away in vans, these included handcarts and hoardingsby the anti-encroachment department.Hawkers in the area, with the handcarts were conducting their business on the footpath, informed the officials of the Nashik Road divisional office. But the hawkers had been warned against future encroachment on the footpath, officials added. They have been warned against encroaching upon the footpath henceforth.The ongoing anti-encroachment drive is being carried out since the past last month.The officials hope to do away with the encroachments gradually. The area close to Jail Road, from Bytco Point to Devlaligaon is manifested with hordes of encroachers but not much had been done about it, and whatever has been done it has been done rather unsuccessfully.Despite providing a vegetable market in Durga Garden, vendors had been seen on footpaths and in the by-lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11626196", "title": "SGPC asks US govt to take legal action against NBC channel", "text": "AMRITSAR: The Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee today asked the US government to take legal action against NBC channel for airing TV host Jay Leno's \"scornful\" remarks on the Golden Temple, the holiest Sikh shrine.In a letter to the US Ambassador in India Nancy J Powell, SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar said Leno's reported remarks on the Golden Temple during 'The Tonight Show' were \"unbearable\" to the Sikh community.In the show, telecast on January 19, Leno showing a picture of the Golden Temple had termed it as a possible summer home of Mitt Romney , a Republican presidential hopeful.\"Scornful remarks like these on a shrine that is considered holy for Sikhs is unfortunate. Leno and the TV channel must apologise or face action,\" Makkar said.Makkar also wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Home Minister P Chidambaram seeking their intervention in the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11624021", "title": "Poll panel bans \u2018paid\u2019 news", "text": "MUMBAI: Ahead of the polls for various municipal corporations and zilla parishads, the State Election Commission has issued a circular prohibiting publishing of political agenda through advertorials in newspapers or news channels. The circular states an election committee, headed by the municipal commissioner, will look take a call on the case. \"We have found that political parties use newspapers as a platform to get their news published. Although the published item looks like news, it is actually an advertisement,\" the circular stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11622889", "title": "APIC to log into FB and Twitter soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the news for working without information commissioners and sitting on a huge pile of pending cases, the Andhra Pradesh Information Commission (APIC) has now turned to social networking to revamp its image. According to APIC officials, the commission is all set to log onto Facebook and Twitter by next month and make itself more accessible to the 'aam junta'.Speaking about this modern initiative, chief information commissioner Jannat Husain said, \"We have been working on this project for some time now and have gathered information from different individuals on how to make it work successfully.\" Apart from being able to connect with Gen-X, Husain said that the new platform would also help the commission in spreading awareness about the Right to Information Act (RTI).According to him APIC staffers are already on the job and will launch the online `pages' of the commission soon. Once operational, the functioning and maintenance of these accounts will be looked after by commission employees themselves.While not much is still known about the `look' of these social networking pages, Husain assured that they will contain relevant information pertaining to the RTI Act. It will also work as an interactive platform between users and the commission. \"There will basic information about the RTI and how to acquire information using it. Apart from that there will be success stories, important judgments, RTI related news and a focus on RTI related development from across the country,\" the chief commissioner said adding how the primary objective of this move was to familiarize youngsters with RTI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi/noida", "code": "11622304", "title": "Boy dies after \u2018fall\u2019 in school, dad cries foul", "text": "NEW DELHI/NOIDA: A 12-year-old boy has allegedly fallen off the second floor of his school building in Mayur Vihar and succumbed to injuries when he went to pick up a notebook that he had forgotten at his desk.The incident took place on Tuesday around 1.30pm when Varun Jain, a student of Class VI of Rishabh Public School in Mayur Vihar Phase I, went to the school after it got over.According to Varun's father, Sanjay Jain - an electrician, the school authorities claimed that while Varun was going to board his school bus, he told his cousin Yash, a student of Class II in the same school, that he had forgotten his notebook in the class. Varun then ran to the second floor and suddenly there was a loud thud and great commotion on the school grounds just near the boundary wall. When the authorities rushed to the spot, they found Varun lying in a pool of blood, Jain quoted the school authorities as saying.\"The school claims that he might have fallen off the second-floor corridor. However, the railing is about 3.5ft high while my son was well above four feet. Then how could he have fallen off the railing,\" a visibly distraught Jain said. \"Either Varun tried to jump off or someone pushed him. How could he have accidentally fallen off?\"A general case of negligence has been registered. \"We will question the teachers and his classmates on Wednesday,\" DCP (east) Prabhakar said.The school informed Jain, who runs an electrical goods shop in Pandav Nagar in east Delhi, about the incident around 2.45pm. \"They took him to a nearby nursing home, Jeevan Anmol. When I reached there, doctors said Varun's condition was critical and we immediately transferred him to Kailash Hospital in Sector 27 in Noida where he succumbed to his injuries,\" Jain said.According to the doctors at Kailash Hospital, Varun, who was to celebrate his 13th birthday on January 26, had a severe skull fracture and a broken neck besides other injuries. \"There was little that we could have done to save him. He succumbed to his injuries around 5.30pm,\" said V B Joshi, administrative officer of Kailash Hospital.While the school refused to comment, Jain alleged a \"foul play on part of the school\". \"The school claims that the accident happened soon after the school hours ended and that all the teachers had come out. At that time, at least 2,000 children must have been waiting on the ground floor to board their buses. How is it possible that no one saw Varun fall?\" he asked.\"The school authorities also got offended when we called the police and even told me that when they were cooperating by rushing Varun to the nursing home, there was no need to involve the police. Does the school have no responsibility at all?\"Varun's elder sister Priyanka and his mother are yet to be informed about his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11623837", "title": "Male-female ratio: City lies at bottom in state", "text": "KANPUR: The city ranks lowest in terms of male-female sex ratio as per the latest census figures. The recent report of rural schools health programme states that more girls are malnourished in comparison to boys. As per the data provided by the health department, the recent sex ratio of the city is 871 females per 1000 males in all ages. At birth, the ratio is 889 females per 1000 males. The ratio of females and males under the age of four years is 894 girls per 1000 boys. The city has 38% more malnourished girls in comparison to boys. Also, there are more severely malnourished girls as reported by the District Nutrition and Rehabilitation Center (DNRC).The data of 2012 is not available as the listing of malnourished kids is revealed quarterly. But the data of last quarter of 2011 shows that more than 3,982 rural students and students studying in district schools are malnourished. Among them, 2,712 are girls. Medical check-up of nearly, 50,000 students was conducted under NRHM in last quarter and 1,50,000 were checked up annually.Majority of the students were either suffering from malnutrition or eye diseases. Some of them were on the verge of myopia and their eyesight was very weak. As many as 165 students were sent to district hospitals for treatment as they were seriously ill and 96 were girls. According to the data provided by the medical department, in almost all the 10 blocks of the city, several cases of malnutrition had been reported.In both urban and rural areas, 65 per cent children are having moderate malnutrition, among which 70 per cent are girls. More than 16 per cent are suffering from severe malnutrition, which also had a good number of girls. \"The prime cause of malnutrition is inadequate intake of balanced diet. Poor health and stunted growth are the characteristics of a malnourished child. Be it starvation due to minimum diet intake or recurrent attacks of malaria and worm infestation, these are the reasons for undernourishment,\" said a member of DNRC.Talking about the reason of drastic rise in malnourished girls, he added that the villagers preferring boys over girls is one of the biggest reason of malnutrition in rural girls. Also, improper diet given to girls is also responsible for female malnutrition. Dr Kiran Pandey, gynaecologist at Upper India Suger Exchange 'Jaccha-Baccha' Hospital said that the increase in the number of malnourished kids is because of poor nutrition level of the mothers who give birth to underweight girls. It is important that parents complete the immunization cycle for their children.Immunization is also less in case of girls. \"Underweight children with malnourished mothers are susceptible to immuno-compromised diseases. It is important that such children, usually girls, should be vaccinated properly. Also, the state and Central government should include vaccine on the emergency drug list so that the poor can also avail the same,\" Dr Pandey said. More than 50 hospitals were raided and some were sealed for violation of Pre-conception and Prenatal Sex Determination Test (PC&PNDT;) Act. Rallies and educational programmes were also conducted to educate the masses about female foeticide.\"Just a month back, an abandoned girl child was recovered from a dustbin in Kalyanpur area. She was chewed by the stray dogs. The child was admitted at LLR hospital but she could not survive,\" said Anita Duha, a social worker working for women welfare. Similar incident took place at Kanpur Central where the parents left their two months girl child in open area on a railway platform, leading to her death due to cold.A man hanged his wife from the ceiling of his home in Ramabai Nagar in October last year. His wife was in her fourth month of pregnancy and sonography tests showed that she was carrying a girl child. Several cases like this are waiting to happen. To put an end to discrimination against the girl child, the Central government had declared January 24 to be celebrated as 'National Girl Child Day', which was celebrated on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11624203", "title": "Clarence School loses playground to road widening", "text": "BANGALORE: The road-widening brigade has struck again and this time a century-old school's playground is the victim.While the Clarence School principal claims the land for its playground on Sundermurthy Road in Cox Town has been given to the school on 'permanent lease', BBMP is divided on this. Even as one set of officials said the road is up for widening, field engineers clearly deny any plans.On Tuesday, school authorities filed a complaint with Pulakeshinagar police station after local MLA S Raghu allegedly entered the playground around 10.30am on Monday with JCBs to bulldoze the compound wall. Principal Benny Joseph told TOI he was dismayed when the MLA moved 30 metre into the playfield while the foundation stone for the new wall was being laid.BBMP's survey on leased out properties shows the lease period lapsed in 2009 after 60 years. The survey also shows that the application to renew the lease was submitted in August 2008 but has been pending till July 2010 and lease documents have not be renewed and issued to the school, which has 2000 students.\"The playground was given to us on permanent lease and we have been using the space for all our outdoor activities for the past 60 years. The wall was built of stone slabs which started collapsing. To prevent trespassing, we were erecting a wall. This compelled me to apply to the BBMP to put up a concrete wall and it agreed to it and said the school can build the wall at its own cost,\" said Benny Joseph.\"We were not even sent an intimation about road widening. So Monday's incident shocked us'' the principal told TOI.Confusion in BBMPThe BBMP seems to be confused whether the road should be widened or not. While some officials said the playground land is required to widen the road, the engineer of Bangalore East for major roads said the Sundermurthy road is not listed for widening.\"The lease has expired and we require the land for widening the adjoining road. The decision of how much land should be required for widening will be taken shortly,\" said the BBMP spokesperson.The chief engineer for major roads S Somashekhar said, \"The road is proposed for widening under RFP 2015 but I'll have to take a look at site maps to say how much land will be required for widening. This road is along the bus route in Cox Town.\"However, executive engineer Kempe Gowda told TOI the road is not going to be widened. \"The Sundermurthy road is not going to be widened at all by us (BBMP). We haven't even proposed its widening,\" he said.Police complaint\"The members of this large group continues to occupy the grounds and some of their people were engaged in pushing the debris deep into the school ground from the Sunderamurthy road side. They have claimed this is for the purpose of road-widening,\" stated the complaint to the police.Police said they will proceed with the investigation after summoning BBMP officials. \"The school principal requested us to vacate the trespassers and render all possible assistance so that they can proceed with the construction of the compound wall. The school management claims that the compound wall is necessary as it stops outsiders from entering the premises. Also, the compound is very essential for the security and safety of our students who use it regularly for various physical education activities,\" the school management told Pulakeshinagar police.BBMP report extract\"A playground measuring 4906.5 sqft was given to Clarence High School on Pottery Road from BBMP on lease for a period of three years from January 22, 1975 to January 21, 1978, for annual lease rent of Rs 200. On January 28, 1977, the institution had paid Rs 600 to the city corporation the lease rent for three years, But since then, the lease was not being renewed. As per the KMC Act, BBMP had served repeated notices to the institution.It was only on August 7, 2007 that the institution approached BBMP to renew the lease contract,\" says the committee report of BBMP's leased out asset's evaluation. The report was submitted ten months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11620840", "title": "Notice to DGP on petition alleging harassment", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Tuesday ordered notices to the DGP, district collector and SP of Madurai, on a petition filed by a person who has alleged that police tortured him under the guise of inquiry in connection with the Advani pipe bomb case.Justice K K Sasidharan, before whom the matter came up, asked the authorities to file their response by January 30.In his petition, M Sultan Batcha of Madurai claimed he was a victim of false implication in the Imam Ali Escape case and on appeal, the Supreme Court had enlarged him on bail. He was running a biriyani stall for the past five years and living with his two children, never indulging in anti-social activities.He said while being so, one of the accused namely Haneefa was suspected to be involved in planting the pipe bomb. Due to non-availability of Haneefa, whom he claimed was in no way connected with him, police forcibly took him into custody on December 26 and tortured him for two days.Sultan said he was kept in an unknown location and not allowed to contact his wife. The police had tortured him while questioning him regarding the whereabouts of the absconding persons.He was released on December 28. In spite of his release, he said, the police was harassing him. His family members were not allowed to move outside their house. Though he had petitioned higher authorities in the matter, there was no action. Hence the petition in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623900", "title": "This class cricketer wants to be perfect politician", "text": "Trying to master the art of being a class politician, former India cricket captain Mohammad Azharuddin talks to Neel Kamal about his desire to work for the minority community. Here to canvass for Congress nominee Razia Sultana from Malerkotla, he says the party, unlike SAD-BJP, can sense the pulse of the peopleQ. After attaining great heights in cricket, you won an election too?I had enjoyed playing cricket and leading from the front. Now, I wanted to lead from the front in politics. Though I can bat easily even now, I am on the way to become a perfect political figure.Q. What's your purpose behind joining politics?I want to serve my people, especially the poor and those belonging to the minority community. I am also a votary of providing reservation to members of minority. For that, politics is a big platform.Q. As you belong to UP, where Congress - especially Rahul Gandhi - is trying hard to regain lost ground, what you think are the party's chances?After a lot of hard work put in by Congressmen, especially Rahul, Congress has a fair chance. After campaigning in Punjab, I will proceed there.Q. In a huge tragedy, you lost your son in an accident?It was shocking to lose him?He was so young. It was the biggest blow, as it will for any parent. It left me blank and I have tried to come out of the trauma. Though Ayaz will forever remain etched in my memory, the wishes of crores of well-wishers from across the world gave me courage to go on.Q. How you rate the performance of SAD government in Punjab?It is a big failure on the development front. The regime has gotten funds from Union government but it is more bothered about its own promotion than providing facilities and welfare schemes to residents. Regional parties are not doing much in the national perspective and only Congress can feel the pulse of the people.Q. How has your visit to Punjab been?I have been visiting Punjab as a cricketer, but as a politician, it is my first visit and I am enjoying every bit of it. I love Malerkotla.Election 2012 NewsPunjab Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622435", "title": "Senior citizen\u2019s body found in VK biodiversity park", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 60-year-old woman was found dead under mysterious circumstances at a Vasant Kunj park on Monday.The police said that the woman was found dead by passersby at the Biodiversity Park which comes under the Vasant Kunj North police station. The cops said that they are yet to ascertain the identity of the victim. \"We have preserved the victim's body for a postmortem. She seems to belong to a lower middle-class background. There was a severe stench in the area and when locals investigated they found a dead body.The police is investigating the case further though enquiries in the locality have not led us to any clues so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11623000", "title": "'Mental illness no curse, is treatable'", "text": "NAGPUR: Being afflicted by a mental illness may sound like the biggest curse that can be cast upon a person. However, a majority of those who have seen the sufferings of the mentally ill from close quarters do not believe it to be so, including some of the patients of city's Regional Mental Hospital (RMH).As RMH organized a debate on 'whether mental illnesses are a curse', a majority of the participants, including the staffers of the hospital, students from social work colleges and even a few patients, did not agree to the harsh term being synonymous with such a serious health issue. Most of the nurses who took part in the competition believed that a curse is something that cannot go away. Since mental illnesses, like any other disease, can be treated by proper medication and treatment, it cannot be said to be a curse.The most heartening moment of the event was seeing the positivity with which one of the inmates, Harshal Posaria, reasoned why he did not consider himself 'cursed'. \"With the stressful lives that we lead today, we take rest only when we fall ill. Perhaps, having a mental illness is our mind's way of telling us that we need rest,\" he said.Deputy superintendent of the hospital Dr Suhas Waghe retold the inspiring stories of people he had treated who had gone on to make a name for themselves later.Those who believed that suffering from a mental condition does spell doom reasoned that the lack of respect and understanding that the society has towards those with the diseases makes it so.\"Though medication and treatment help, what one loses during this phase of life cannot be earned back soon or easily,\" opined Jyoti Fiske, the yoga teacher at the hospital.\"It was nice to see such positive attitude of people who have seen the worst experiences that mental illnesses can give to a personThe staff kept in front of us not just their views but their entire experiences and emotions,\" gushed Seema Lobo, a lecturer at the BP National Institute of Social Work, who was one of the judges of the debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622240", "title": "Man gets 7 years in jail for raping minor", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court convicted a 25-year-old man to seven years' imprisonment for raping a minor girl. Mohammed Ansari was arrested for raping a 13-year-old girl at Bandra (E) on April 1, 2011. The girl who studies at an Urdu School was forcibly taken by Ansari to the mezzanine floor of his house and raped. The girl returned to her house only the next morning and Ansari threatened to beat her if she revealed the incident to anyone. The victim told her family that she had spent the night at her grandparent's home. However he father disbelieved her and on his persistence the victim revealed the truth.The prosecution examined 17 witnesses. Medical evidence also supported the prosecution's case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "karimnagar", "code": "11622470", "title": "Woman ends life along with two kids", "text": "KARIMNAGAR: Financial problems forced a farm worker to end her life along with her children at Gundlacheruvupally village in Thimmapur mandal on Tuesday. Gattu Latha, 30, tied her five-month-old baby Swathi and three-year-old Manasa to her stomach and jumped into an agriculture well. Before jumping into the well she pushed her five-year-old daughter Akanksha but she survived as she landed on the trees inside the well.Latha's husband Anjaneyulu worked as a supervisor in Hydrabad but the couple were not getting sufficient wages to run the family. The bodies were retrieved from the well in the afternoon.In another incident, a woman killed her 28-year-old son in Sircilla town, vexed with his erratic behaviour. Lakshmi struck Avula Raju with a boulder on his face when he was in deep sleep. Raju was recently released from jail. He was an accused in a house-burning incident. Sources said he got addicted to liquor and used to harass his mother for money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626714", "title": "What killed the Seal-Heidi union", "text": "Partying, apparently, killed the Seal-Heidi Klum union. Turns out, the life of the party is very likely not to have a ball at homeFor seven years, pop singer Seal and supermodel Heidi Klum were a poster couple for a forever-romantic, rock-solid marriage. Their split, therefore, comes as a surprise to most. What is even more surprising is the trigger: Seal's \"hard partying and clubbing with friends\" and how it reportedly led to him spending less time with Heidi and their kids.While the couple, famous for renewing their vows in exotic locales on their anniversaries, has called their separation 'amicable', there are reports of how Seal's hectic night life made him sleepy during the day and affected his work and TV series shoots.City marriage counsellor Dr Rajan Bhosle says people spiral into a compulsive party routine often as a facade over cracks in their relationship. \"Some, who want to avoid conflicts or sex with their partner, use partying as an escape route,\" he says. \"They come home late and drunk so that there are no expectations of talking, sharing or initiating sex. By doing so, they keep biding time to face the real issues bothering their relationship, or push them to the backburner.\"Sleep deprivation and lack of energy levels are the usual fallouts of adopting a party-hard lifestyle, Bhosle points out. \"Spouses dealing with overtly-partying better halves often complain of them being lethargic and sleepy through the day and being generally uninterested towards family matters. In such cases, low energy levels became a huge problem in the long run. Everybody wants their partners to take interest in them. This is why one must watch out whether their happening social lives are leading to a disastrous relationship back home.\"If your partying leaves you too tired to take your family out the next day, makes you miss familial appointments such as weddings, PTA meetings, poojas or even just date-days with your spouse, this could spiral into bigger discontentment in the future.Clinical psychologist and psychotherapist Varkha Chulani, says your social life does take its toll on your personal life. If partners do not accept each others' friends as they are, this can lead to stalemate, she believes. \"If there is lack of acceptance of the spouse's friends, this could lead to trouble. You may not like your husband's friends or can't tolerate their idiosyncrasies, but that must not stop you from being cordial with them.\"However, she says that partying is not the main problem. In Seal-Heidi's case, as in all soured marriages, something fundamental has gone wrong. \"Marriages never get a heart attack and die. They almost always bleed to death. The solution lies in not waiting for the first cracks to turn into fault lines, but to sit down and sort out issues at the nascent stage itself. If that doesn't help, then a visit to the counsellor should.\" She points out social shows and lavish displays of romance, such as Seal-Heidi's vow-renewal ceremonies, can be be a symbol of insecurity. \"We must read between the lines if a couple habitually reasserts its relationship in public. It could be a cover-up of a failing marriage or a rocky relationship,\" she says. So, before it comes to that, cancel your plans for tonight and go home to your lover.Anand.Holla@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622773", "title": "Shelter warmth for patients\u2019 kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time on Monday night, Surender managed to take his mind off two things that had been tormenting him for the last few days.The first being his father's critical condition, and the other was the excruciating cold that the 14-year-old was braving ever since he brought his father to AIIMS Trauma Center. With a severe head injury, Surender's father has been admitted at AIIMS since last week. Resident of Jind, Haryana, Surender has been resting at the night shelter, erected by the Border Security Force (BSF) since Monday.\"Usually, I would spend the nights sitting in the garden or in the hospital corridor. It would be difficult but my father's condition worried me more. The shelter, located within the Hospital premises, is a boon for attendants of patients like us. Not only were we provided with blankets and water, but also a television for entertainment,\" Surender said.The wives of BSF personnel erected the temporary night shelters on Monday. According to the jawans posted there, more than 50 people stayed at the shelters in the night and were very pleased with the arrangement.We have requested the BSF to provide year-round shelter for the attendants of patients till the time a permanent shelter comes up, said Dr M C Misra, chief of the Trauma Center. \"We have proposed to build a Dharamshala in the hospital campus with a budget of Rs 8-10 crore. Work will begin soon. Till that time, we have requested the BSF Wives Welfare Association (BWWA) - who has made this arrangement of night shelter for the winter season - to continue with their services,\" said Misra.Shefali Bansal, president of the BWWA and wife of BSF chief, U K Bansal donated six tents to the AIIMS administration on behalf of the force on Monday. \"It was shocking to learn that the relatives of patients coming from far flung regions have to spend the nights in the open. We decided to do something about their sad condition,\" said a senior BSF official. He also added that the erected tents are made up of thick clothing which insulates the inmates from the cold and is used by the jawans too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623356", "title": "Republic Day: Body building", "text": "In the early years of our Republic, economist John Kenneth Galbraith famously called it a \"functioning anarchy\" . That description still holds. But if the anarchy has been functioning , it is thanks to the institutions of the Republic. What will these ever-evolving institutions be like in 2020? Nobody can predict with certainty but here's a wish list of what some of the more important institutions should be like by that year.The Legislature:One area of parliamentary functioning which promises to make a great leap forward is its committees , especially in the context of vetting Bills. While the executive may institutionalize pre-legislative consultation, parliamentary standing committees should, following the example of advanced democracies , hold their proceedings in public. Apart from scrutinizing legislative proposals with greater rigour, parliamentary committees should mature enough by 2020 to play a far greater role in holding the government to account. The Public Accounts Committee will hopefully be streamlined to stop the trend of so many CAG reports remaining unexamined.The Judiciary:The independence of the judiciary, against all odds, is touted as a great success of the Indian Republic. But there is plenty of room for improvement. By 2020, the Supreme Couth and the high courts will hopefully come to grips with the managerial challenge of bringing down the pendency of cases. As laws and disputes become increasingly technical (the attempts to gag websites being a case in point), there may be a policy to encourage judges to become specialists and allot cases accordingly. Without detracting from their traditional aloofness, judges may take a more \"chilled\" look at themselves. The precedent already set by some liberal judges may encourage others to shed their colonial baggage and allow lawyers and litigants to address them as \"Sir\" rather than \"My Lord\" . Why, they may even become less touchy about criticism and stop brandishing the contempt law on the pretext of being scandalized. They may also reconcile themselves to the transparency demands of RTI. More importantly, they may get over the anachronistic notion that the involvement of outsiders in the accountability system will erode judicial independence . The existing in-house system of a collegium (panel of senior judges) deciding appointments and checking errant colleagues will either mutate beyond recognition or disappear altogether. O n e l o n g - pending reform that will hopefully be implemented by 2020 is that the retirement age of high court judges will be brought on a par with that of their Supreme Court counter parts. This may reduce the culture of servility in judicial ranks for high court judges, who now retire at 62, will no longer be under as much pressure to vie for Supreme Court slots since everybody then will retire at 65.The Election Commission:Contrary to Anna Hazare's simplistic formulation, the fundamental electoral reform that needs to be made is neither the right to recall nor the right to reject. The reform that could enhance the health of India's democracy by 2020 is to make it mandatory for political parties to practise internal democracy, under the supervision of the Election Commission . The law should stipulate secret ballot for inner party posts and, in order to break the stranglehold of the \"high command\" , all registered members in each Assembly and Lok Sabha constituency should have a say in selecting their party's candidates in an election. Financial transparency in political parties is the other big reform that will truly make the elections free and fair.The National Human Rights Commission :The clause restricting the chairman's post to retired chief justices of India (CJIs) has proved to be unsustainable. The law should be amended to enlarge the pool of eligible candidates and to introduce a transparent selection system in which the public will have an opportunity to comment on them. It would also be appropriate for human rights defenders rather than police officers to be appointed NHRC members. Another far-reaching change that should be made by 2020 is the expansion of NHRC's jurisdiction so that it deals with human rights violations not just by the police but also the Army and paramilitary forces.The Lokpal:Despite the abortive attempt to get the Lokpal Bill passed in the last session of Parliament, the India of 2020 should have an ombudsman in place to deal with big-ticket corruption cases. It should have the requisite investigative and prosecutorial powers to take on influential culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11624129", "title": "\u2018Pacemaker\u2019 under the tongue can stop snoring", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have come up with a new pacemaker-style device which they claim when implanted underneath one's tongue could help stop snoring. A team claims that the new implant, called the Hypoglossal Nerve Stimulation System, works by stimulating the nerve which controls the muscles of tongue, thus helping reduce the severity of sleep apnoea, a major cause of snoring.The device is programmed to work only when the patient is asleep; or it can be turned on and off as needed through a remote control, the 'Daily Mail' reported. Most of the snorers are \"tongue-snorers\" , which means that the tongue and soft tissue around the throat falls into the back of the airway, causing the tissue to vibrate as air flows past it.The new implant works on the muscles of the tongue, causing them to contract at once. This not only pulls the tongue forward, but these muscles also control the soft tissue in the walls of the airway, so it pulls open the airway, too, say the scientists . The treatment involves implanting a small electrode next to the hypoglossal nerve, which sits underneath the tongue.A pacemaker-size generator is also implanted in a surgically created pocket in the chest and connected to the electrode in the tongue via wires tunnelled under the skin. Tiny sensor wires are tunnelled from the generator into the windpipe, where they monitor breathing by detecting changes in air pressure in the throat.If a prolonged drop in pressure is detected, this signals that the airway may be blocked, and the electrode shocks the tongue muscles, pulling it clear of the airway and allowing the patient to breathe properly again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11622811", "title": "Malda crib death horror continues", "text": "Malda: The director of health services (DHS), Biswaranjan Satpathy, is slated to visit Malda on Wednesday as the horror of crib deaths continues in the district hospital. Twelve babies have died at the government hospital in the last 48 hours, taking the toll in the last six days to 39.\"The DHS will visit some of the block hospitals to see how the infrastructure can be improved. Our aim is to reduce the number of patients referred to the district hospital which is under tremendous pressure,\" said Debashis Bhattacharya, principal of Malda Medical College. \"Only 20% of the babies who died were born in the district hospital. Most of the patients are referred from block hospitals,\" Bhattacharya said.According to Bhattacharya, the main factor behind these crib deaths is premature marriage. \"At least 45% of the dead babies were born to teenage mother. Girls who are married off early can rarely bear healthy babies. We have decided to organize awareness campaigns against child marriage from the health department,\" he said.On Monday, both Tajanur Biwi of Ratua and Asmani Biwi of English Bazaar lost their twins. Samita Besra's 4-day-old son and Kasturi Biwi's day-old son also died on Monday morning. On Monday night, Purnima Mandal's day-old son died; so did Priya Roy's day-old daughter. Alima Biwi's three-day-old son was being treated in the sick newborn care unit (SNCU) and died on Tuesday morning. Mira Yeasmin's two-month-old baby was referred to Malda District Hospital from Gangarampore who succumbed on Tuesday. Three-month-old Jita Basak of Niamatpur and five-year-old Mrinal Thokdar of Harishchandrapur also died on Tuesday.Despite promises from women and child development and social welfare minister Sabitri Mitra, no new ward has been opened for children at the hospital. The ward remains overcrowded with at least three patients sharing a single bed. On Tuesday, Mitra had said that an unused ICU might be opened to serve as an additional pediatric ward.Bhattacharya, however, said it was \"not possible\". \"We have to show the ICU to the team inspecting the medical college. We are planning an additional ward elsewhere,\" he added. It is learnt that a letter was written to the PWD regarding building a structure on the roof of the old hospital building that would to serve as a new paediatric ward.Meanwhile, a police force was deployed at the hospital gate on Tuesday to restrict the crowd in the children's ward. Mitra had expressed displeasure over the number of unwanted persons loitering around in the ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622946", "title": "Journo's home burgled in South Patel Nagar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Miscreants broke into the house of a journalist in the South Patel Nagar area of central Delhi on Tuesday afternoon and decamped with cash and jewellery.None of the family members were present in the house at the time of the incident, police said. The victim, Nona Walia, said she lived with her mother and aunt and was in office when the incident took place.\"My aunt and mother were not present in the house. When my aunt came back around 4pm, she found the lock of the main door broken. Moving in she found the lock of another room also broken along with those of three almirahs. The entire house was ransacked,\" she said.The family is yet to ascertain the value of the goods stolen but said it was in lakhs. The residents in the area were outraged at the incidents and alleged that several such incidents had taken place in the area in the recent past. \"Several houses have been burgled in similar fashion in the last six months and we have complained to the police several times but they have not taken action,\" said Arora, RWA president of the area.Another resident, Mangal Sain Tangri, alleged that a few months back his house was ransacked after miscreants entered it forcibly and threatened them to keep quiet. They had fled with cash and jewellery worth Rs 3 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622940", "title": "Panel hunts for amazing Indians", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five of India's best known achievers got together to find the faces who symbolize India - unknown faces who have made a difference in their field of work.Former chief of Air Staff Air Chief Marshal Fali Homi Major, actor Sharmila Tagore, renowned surgeon Dr Devi Shetty, former Attorney General of India Soli Sorabjee and environmentalist Sunita Narain were part of a jury to decide the winners.Times Now brings to you Mahindra Rise Amazing Indians - a story of countless citizens who in their own homes and lives are writing the real story of India. It is a celebration of the ordinary man who has gone beyond his own circumstances, risen above norms of society to make their country a better place to live in. In our Amazing Indians, you will find extraordinary stories of compassion, dedication, selfless service and ambitions that are not for the self, but for the nation. These are real icons, who ought to be followed in every walk of life.The series of profiling these 55 Amazing Indians will culminate in a grand awards ceremony on February 10 in New Delhi where dignitaries, stalwarts, eminent figures from across the industry, politics, sports, entertainment, others will felicitate the winners of each category.The awards categories will be Extraordinary Stories, Spark the Rise, Stree Shakti, Unstoppable Indians, Urban Crusaders and Young Indians.Impressed with the concept of Amazing Indians jury members lauded the effort of recognising unknown Indian achievers. Speaking after the jury meet, Sharmila Tagore said it was a welcome sign that the media has space for stories of unknown people which can be a source of encouragement for millions. Dr Devi Shetty was moved by the story on streetkids and stories of those underprivileged people who have been fighting against all odds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11629513", "title": "Lifetime achievement award for Jaya Bachchan", "text": "Veteran film actress Jaya Bachchan will be honoured with a Lifetime Achievement Award at the fourth Jaipur International Film Festival (JIFF) beginning January 27.The 63-year-old actress will inaugurate the five-day event in the presence of 'No Man's Land' producer Marc Baschet on Friday, the festival's director said today.In the events during the festival, film makers and artists from different parts of the country and abroad are likely to be present and special shows will be organised for the screening of various films.178 films from 70 nations will be shown to critics and film lovers in the period of five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626717", "title": "Arulnidhi signs his next", "text": "Actor Arulnidhi seems to be going places. After his last venture, Mouna Guru, turned out to be a sleeper hit, Arul has now become hot property in K-Town.Even as he's in talks with several top directors to work in their project, he has recently signed up to play the lead in Karu Pazhaniappan's (of Parthiban Kanavu fame) forthcoming project, which is scheduled to start rolling in March. \"I've been getting a lot of offers after Mouna Guru, but I'm taking my time to sign my next,\" says Arul, and adds, \"I'm open to working with debutant directors as well. Shantha Kumar was a newcomer as well and my film with him was received well. I don't think I should be vying for the big shots alone.\"Arulnidhi is glad that two of the three movies that he has acted in have fared well at the BO. \"I want to maintain the success ratio,\" he grins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "11623522", "title": "Spiritual trip to Krishna's place", "text": "CIVIL LINES: A group of five friends took off on a spiritual journey to the birth place of lord Krishna-- Mathura and Vrindavan-- and explored the divinity of these towns amid religious environment all around. Hemant and Priyanka, a couple who suggested the idea to Nitin, Deepak and Sanjeev, have visited the temple towns earlier while the others hadn't.The friends, who have known each other from a long time and are all residents of Civil Lines, couldn't visit all the 5,000 temples in these two places during their four day trip but covered as many important ones as they could.Nitin Walia, a businessman, said, \"It was the first time I got an opportunity to visit these two places and I would always remember this trip as we had great fun there.'' Travelling by train through out their journey was a wonderful experience, he added.Priyanka said this tour was better than all her previous tours to the place. \"We were troubled by monkeys at both Mathura and Vrindavan. It was difficult even to click pictures in their presence,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11623904", "title": "Perumbavoor tense after cow slaughter", "text": "KOCHI: Tense situation prevailed in Perumbavoor town, near here, on Tuesday evening after a cow was slaughtered in the premises of a religious institution.Following the incident, police from Perumbavoor police station reached the spot immediately to ease the tense situation and disperse people of two communities who had gathered at the spot.According to police, the incident occurred when a group of three hailing from Kandamthara near Perumbavoor slaughtered a cow in the premises of the religious institutione around 2.30 pm.\"A cow owned by a person living in the area went missing a few days ago. On Tuesday, he traced the cow to the premises of the temple. As the cow's heath was in a bad condition, he slaughtered it on the spot with the help of two other persons,\" police said.Following the incident, the three were held hostage by the locals and resisted when the police tried to take them into custody. They demanded that top officials including district collector visit the spot and ensure strict action against the culprits. And even though Ernakulam Rural SP K Philip reached the spot, the mob refused to give in.Finally, police forcibly took the persons who had slaughtered the cow into custody. The police have deployed adequate force at the place to prevent any untoward incident.\"We will evaluate the situation and impose section 144 of CrPC if need be,\" said SP Philip. IG Padmakumar also visited the area to take stock of the situation.Following this, many organizations took out protest marches in the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622048", "title": "Reading \u2018Satanic Verses' legal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The technical term for banning a book in India is \"forfeiture\". This is provided in Section 95 of the Criminal Procedure Code under which every copy of the book could be declared \"to be forfeited to government\" and the police might therefore \"seize the same wherever found in India\" and the magistrate might issue warrants to search \"any premises where any such book may be or may be reasonably suspected to be\".But this sweeping provision was never invoked in the case of Satanic Verses, although India earned the dubious distinction on October 5, 1988 of being the first country in the world to have banned that book of Salman Rushdie . All that the Rajiv Gandhi government instead did was to ban the import of the book.That was because when Satanic Verses was being published by the London-based Viking/Penguin Group, its Indian counterpart had declined to exercise the option of bringing out a local edition. Penguin India's then consulting editor Khushwant Singh , reading the manuscript, had cautioned that it might offend the religious sensitivities of Muslims.So, the only way the demand for the book in the Indian market could be met was by importing the UK hardback edition. But then, within nine days of its publication in Britain on September 26, 1988, the Rajiv Gandhi government prohibited its import under the Customs Act. The action citing threat to public order was taken on a petition made diplomat-turned-MP Syed Shahabuddin.Not surprisingly, the ban increased the demand for the book and the copies that had already been imported sold like hotcakes. The customs order could not come in the way of the sale of these copies, much less did it make their possession illegal. In effect, the order only prohibited further import. In time, the march of technology rendered the import ban irrelevant. For, such a ban cannot stop somebody from downloading a soft copy of Satanic Verses.Given the rather limited nature of the 1988 ban under the customs law, the Rajasthan government has little chance of success in taking any legal action against the authors who had dared to read out downloaded excerpts of Satanic Verses at the Jaipur Literary Festival. The writers were well within their rights in protesting the pressure on Rushdie to keep away from the event.It's ironic that the import ban is still in force. For, even the notorious Fatwa against Rushdie had been withdrawn by Iran in 1998. The last time any famous author's book was banned in India under Section 95 CrPC was in 2004 when the West Bengal government acted against Taslima Nasreen's Dwikhandita for allegedly offending the feelings of Muslims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11621957", "title": "Child labour: Centre pulls up state govt", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In a sharply-worded letter to Gujarat chief secretary A K Joti, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR), the Centre's child rights watchdog, has asked the state government to provide to the commission a complete action taken report (ATR) within a month on large number of cases of violation of child labour laws in Gujarat submitted to it by different voluntary agencies.The letter was in response to a communication from principal secretary, labour, P Panneervel, seeking postponement of the NCPCR's public hearing, which was to take place in Ahmedabad on January 27 to 28.The public hearing, which was to take place on matters related to child labour, right to education (RTE) and child rights issues, has been put off for a month, but not without objecting to the reasons given by the state officialdom seeking postponement. Hiding behind procedural issues, the government, apparently, did not want public hearing, wondering under which law the NCPCR was seeking to carry it out in Gujarat, even while insisting that the NCPCR follow National Commission for Human Rights (NHRC) in seeking details on child rights issues.The letter to the chief secretary warned, during the one-month period till the public hearing takes place, the State government should ensure that \"nobody (the child, parents / family members / NGO representative) involved in the referred cases are harassed by anybody directly or indirectly.\" It also wanted the state government to inform \"concerned departments and district magistrates/ district collectors\" to remain present during the hearing, now to take place in February-end.The complaints to the NCPCR range from existence of child labour in cotton fields of North Gujarat and plight of migrant workers' and fishermen's children, to the state government decision to close down 3,000 primary schools on the ground that their strength is less than100 each. Then, there are complaints on closure of five schools in Rajkot city, some of them a century old; a dilapidated school in Akbarpur in Khambhat town where children cannot use the class rooms; a school in Vadodara city where 300 children are forced to sit in a single room; and lack of school for slum dwellers in the Kandla special economic zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622538", "title": "Raj criticizes SEC on Pawar", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray criticized the state election commission (SEC) on Tuesday for waiving deputy CM Ajit Pawar's punishment for allegedly violating the model code of conduct. Pawar was found guilty of having performed a ground-breaking ceremony in Pune for a bridge. The function took place a couple of hours before the civic elections were announced by the SEC. However, the commission accepted Pawar's regrets and dropped action against him.\"Tomorrow if another politician commits a similar mistake and seeks the SEC's pardon, will the commission waive punishment in his case as well?'' Thackeray asked. \"I don't wish to violate the model code of conduct. My party and I want free and fair polls. But can't I ask the SEC a few questions if I think it is going wrong?'' he said. , adding, \"If the SEC behaves as SEC, we have no bone to pick with it.''Asked if he was worried about intra-party infighting ahead of the civic polls, Thackeray said, \"Rebels will be shown the door.'' He however hinted that rebels from other political parties may get a berth in the MNS.Unchecked influx of migrants from UP and Bihar has made Mumbai vulnerable to terrorism, MNS chief Raj Thackeray said here on Tuesday.I have been saying this time and again. People from UP and Bihar keep coming to Mumbai. There is no government machinery to check their identity and antecedents. Terrorists from Bangla Desh use Bihar as their entry point and gain access to Mumbai. The latest arrests of two Darbhanga terrorists in connection with the 13/7 serial blasts has only re-confirmed my apprehension,'' Raj said. He was addressing a press conference at his Shivaji Park residence.Stating that many terrorist modules were functioning from UP and Bihar, Thackeray exhorted the CMs of the two states to immediately dismantle them. How much is the Mumbai or Maharashtra police going to do? The city police force loses much of its time and energy going to north India to track down the terrorists.''Probes into many recent cases of crime in Mumbai have shown that criminals came from UP-Bihar, did their job and packed off to their home states,'' he stated, adding, I stand acquitted after the ATS' report on the 13/7 blast case.'' Clearly, the MNS will use the issue as its poll plank for the upcoming BMC elections.Thackeray slammed the Maharashtra government for doing nothing to streamline Mumbai's infrastructure and to curb the influx of UP-Bihar migrants. Mumbai is bursting at the seams because of the migrants; problem. The civic services are inadequate. But, the government seems interested only in real estate,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622629", "title": "Biometric system trials may kick-off at IGI today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trials for the much-awaited biometric card system for prepaid taxi drivers at IGI Airport are expected to begin on Wednesday. The system - initially meant to be launched in January 2010 - will make travelling much safer for passengers, especially foreign nationals who frequently get a raw deal with airport cabbies.Joint commissioner of police (traffic), Satyendra Garg told TOI that the system was reportedly in place and after Wednesday's trials it would be decided when the system would be rolled out. \"Delhi International Airport (P) Ltd (DIAL) has everything in place. Once fresh trials are carried out in both peak and non-peak hours and if they are successful, we will inaugurate the system,\" he said.Launched at the behest of L-G Tejendra Khanna, the system was conceptualized after reports of foreigners being harassed at the airport. Under the system, information of the cab driver will be fed into a biometric card which he will have to swipe before he exits the airport with a passenger. Thus, all passenger details, including name, drop address and the cab in which he/she left the airport will be available at one time.In 2008, a Saudi Arabia-based businessman was abducted and murdered by two cab drivers outside the airport. On January 5, a German couple on their honeymoon was forcibly taken to Puskhar while they wanted to go to a hotel in Paharganj. \"The system has been languishing for a while, only creating problems for passengers. We are hoping the trial is successful,\" said sources.The system has missed several deadlines in 2011. In the last trial, the system had to be abandoned as it led to a traffic pile-up at the airport. A DIAL spokesperson said: \"Trials went on successfully for five days with the involvement of DIAL, TCS and traffic police prepaid booth operators. The system is ready for operations. However, traffic cops have suggested that existing thermal printers be replaced with a regular printer for retention of records for at least a year. This is being looked into.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11623395", "title": "Two posing as cops kill SHG worker", "text": "CHENNAI: A 37-year-old woman self-help group (SHG) functionary was murdered by two men who posed as policemen at Mangadu near Porur on Tuesday.Police said Ambica, a resident of Akash Nagar in Mangadu, had been accused of swindling money from the SHG. Investigators are looking for possible enemies of the woman, who nurtured political ambitions and was involved in settling of local disputes.Ambica's husband Ravi, a manager of a chain of vegetarian restaurants, told police that three people dressed as policemen stopped him when he was returning home from work at 1am on Tuesday.\"They stopped his vehicle and asked him if he knew where Ambica lived, because they wanted to take her to the police station in connection with a case of cheating being probed by the economic offences wing of the CB-CID,\" a police officer said. \"He told them he was her husband and took two of them to his house. Ambica and the couple's sons were in the house at the time.\"Ravi told the police that the two men were speaking to Ambica when he went inside the house to change. \"When he returned, his wife and the men were missing,\" the officer said. \"He later found her in a pool of blood 50 metres from the house. Her throat had been slit and she had been stabbed in the chest and back.\"Senior police officers denied that the assailants were policemen. They said the murder was being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11622284", "title": "Russian woman's death: Docs preserve viscera, vaginal swabs", "text": "PANAJI: Forensic doctors have preserved the viscera and vaginal swabs of the 32-year-old Russian woman who was found hanging in a guesthouse in Mandrem.They have also noted that Ilena Ivanicheva may have died due to asphyxia as a result of hanging.While the viscera will be sent for narcotic and alcohol tests and chemical analysis, the vaginal swabs will be sent for serological tests,doctors at the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, said.Ivanicheva, staying at the guesthouse since December 2011, was found on January 10 hanging from a nylon rope tied to a window grill in her room.Pernem police said Ivanicheva had stood on the window's ledge and then jumped off it with the rope tied around her neck.Ivanicheva's sister had initially communicated through Russian authorities that she would be present for the postmortem.She later sent a friend with a power of attorney to collect the body.Ivanicheva's postmortem was performed on January 16. \"The body was handed over to the victim's family representative after the postmortem was conducted. The body will be flown to Russia ,\" police sources said.Sources told TOI that the Russian committed suicide as she was depressed. \"Ivanicheva was heartbroken... she was in Goa to get over her break up with her boyfriend in Russia,\" said a source.\"For some days she was fine and would meet us on the beach. But then suddenly she withdrew into a shell and would rarely come out of the room,\" the source added.Police had suspected that the woman committed suicide for health reasons.\"We didn't find any suicide note. But we found medical papers in the room and she had painted some graffiti on the room wall, in which she had written in Russian: 'Lord, forgive me for what I have done',\" police said. Ivanicheva's visa was valid till April 2012.The suicide came to light, when an acquaintance went to meet Ivanicheva.\"He knocked several times, but Ivanicheva didn't open the door. As the room was latched from the inside, he called the owners and they broke the door. On entering the room, they found Ivanicheva hanging from the window grill,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11629264", "title": "Railways to reduce travel time on Delhi-Mumbai corridor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Going ahead with its ambitious high-speed train proposal, Railways have joined hands with Japan to begin the ground work to reduce travel time by half on the Delhi-Mumbai corridor.Railways will procure a new set of trains with electric locomotives to run on the existing Delhi-Mumbai track.\"The pre-feasibility study for running train at a maximum speed of 160-200 km per hour is being carried out by Japan on the existing Delhi-Mumbai route and they (Japan) will submit the report next month,\" said a senior Railway Ministry official involved with the project named Golden Rail Corridor.Currently, Mumbai Rajdhanis run at an average speed of 100 km per hour and take about 15 hours to reach the destination.\"Our aim is to reduce the travel time by almost half between Delhi-Mumbai and for this we have to procure train sets to run at higher speed on the existing track,\" the official said.Train sets are like EMU trains consisting of self-propelled electric locomotive and 10 to 12 modern coaches.\"Since our existing locomotives are not designed to run on 200 km speed we have to go for the train set in the Golden Rail Corridor,\" he said, adding \"We have to strengthen the track, bridges and modernise the signalling system before increasing the speed to 200 km per hour.\"There will be a new fare structure for the high-speed train for the Golden Rail Corridor.Asked how the existing track will take the load of new trains, he said, \"All the freight trains will be shifted from Mumbai-Delhi route after the commissioning of the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor. So, we will utilise the additional capacity of the existing track for the train sets.\"The Western DFC is likley to be commissioned by 2016-17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11624288", "title": "Live webcast of MANIT convocation today", "text": "BHOPAL: In a first of its kind in the city, the 8th convocation of Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) would be webcast live. The webcast would be available on the MANIT website from 3.45 pm to 6.05 pm on Wednesday.The Live stream would be uplinked through a 2 gigabyte connection, said in-charge Sanjay Aerin. A multi-camera setup has been installed which would broadcast the event in a window 480 x 360 pixels. According to MANIT officials a company from Mumbai has been hired for the job.\"To ensure proper view is it essential to use the appropriate output video window size,\" said Aerin. However, for those who miss out on the live broadcast, an edited version would be available on the website, later.In another first, the recipients would be wearing a sash and Gandhi cap, instead of regular robe and a hood. \"The new director wanted to do away with the robe and the hood. Initially the idea was to have a Bhopali topi but eventually the Gandhi cap was considered appropriate,\" said MANIT PRO Vanita Mohinder. She also declined that the Gandhi cap has anything to with support for Anna campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622873", "title": "Congress-NCP friendly fights unavoidable", "text": "NAGPUR: The Congress gave a clear indication that 'friendly fights' with ally NCP in few seats for the February 16 civic polls in the city cannot be ruled out. Last week the two parties had arrived at a broad agreement in Mumbai after top leaders of the Congress led by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and NCP leader and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar intervened to put a seat-sharing pact in place.As part of the deal, NCP was promised 29 seats, while the Congress kept 116 for itself and a few smaller allies. Local leaders of the two parties were supposed to identify seats they would contest.Late on Tuesday night and on Wednesday they sat down to sort out the matter. But 'irreconcilable' differences surfaced as each party was reluctant to leave some prestigious seats for the other. Now, both parties indicate that some 'friendly fights' (meaning Congress and NCP fielding candidates for same seat) was possible. Both maintained that the pre-poll pact would remain in tact despite these friendly fights.Neither the Congress nor the NCP leaders wanted to spell out which these seats were. When pressed, city Congress chief Jaiprkash Gupta said : \"I have to meet high expectations of my party workers who have been working for years in their wards. We are still trying to resolve the differences with the NCP at the local level. If we cannot find a solution locally, senior leaders in Mumbai will step in.\"The Congress is unhappy that NCP is preferring only open category seats. \"We told them to pitch in for some of the 14 reserved seats for ST especially in Halba dominated areas where there is a problem of candidates from that community obtaining caste validity certificates,\" explained Gupta.City NCP chief Ajay Patil also confirmed that the scene for further talks may shift to Mumbai for final seat sharing.Meanwhile the Lokmanch which is the Congress ally has been offered 7 seats though it was insisting on at least nine. The Congress wants at least 100 seats. It also has to accommodate smaller allies that include RPI factions led by Jogendra Kawade and Sulekha Kumbhare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11621872", "title": "New olds: Between tradition and innovation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three years back, when the German designer and curator Volker Albus, visited India for the first time, its abundant craftsmanship and rich tradition inspired him and the idea of the exhibition 'New Olds' took its genesis. The exhibition which opened on January 24 at the National Institute of Design (NID) gallery, displays 58 products from 45 international designers which marry traditional methods in products meant for contemporary consumers.Albus, a curator with IfA, Stuttgart, Germany, since 12 years, said conducting 'New olds' at a space like NID, which produces future designers, is important. \"Many designers from South Asian countries like India look towards the west for inspiration. However, there exists a much deeper tradition here which is often forgotten. Innovative inspirations can be connected to traditions,\" he said. The products on display are a testimony to this thought.Also the connection has extended to addition of Indian designers, Errol Pires, Rajiv Jassal and Bikram Mittra, from NID, in the exhibition.On display, thus, are furniture made by traditional knotting methods using recycled plastic and natural wood among others. There are oriental carpets made with modern patterns and parcel packs printed with traditional motifs which also substitute as carpets. Interestingly the plastic chairs available in India have inspired many European designers to explore the form in materials available locally. These chairs are on display and in production.\"This exhibition is also an important marker in the celebrations of 60 years of Indo- German diplomatic friendship. It will now travel to Pune and Hyderabad,\" said Dr Marla Stukenberg, director of Max Mueller Bhavan, who is organizing the exhibition for IfA at NID. One can view the exhibition until February 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622285", "title": "IM recruited 36 youths in Bihar: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) has begun to contend with a new breeding ground for terrorists, namely Darbhanga district in Bihar. The banned Indian Mujahideen (IM) recently indoctrinated and recruited youths there.\"It's worrisome, because Bihar is a state where there is huge unemployment and youths are moving to metros to get any odd job they can find. Such youths can become easy prey for criminals, particularly the underworld and terror outfits,\" said a senior police official.IM's founder members have always dodged investigating agencies by shifting their recruiting grounds from Maharashtra to UP and now Bihar. The Mumbai police said this is also in keeping with the IM's avowed aim of spreading the net as wide as possible to cause maximum damage.ATS chief Rakesh Maria said that the IM first recruited youths from Cheetah Camp in Trombay, then Kondwa in Pune, then Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh and now Darbhanga in Bihar. Police said IM founding member Yasin Bhatkal had indoctrinated and trained as many as three dozen youths in Darbhanga. \"Bhatkal also made Bihar a base at which he could receive hawala money through Pakistan via Dubai . He also helped Pakistan's ISI circulate counterfeit notes in India by first landing them in Bihar,\" said Maria.The two arrested men, Naqi Ahmed and Nadeem Akhtar, have been accused of facilitating, aiding and abetting Bhatkal and two Pakistanis in the 13/7 blasts. Both Naqi and Nadeem hail from Deora Bandhauli, Darbhanga district, Bihar. Earlier, the Delhi police had arrested six IM members, including Qateel Siddiqui, for the Chinnaswamy Stadium and Delhi high court blasts. They too are from Darbhanga.\"In 2008, when the Mumbai crime branch arrested 21 IM members for 11 blasts, including the Ahmedabad and Jaipur blasts, IM founding member Riyaz Bhatkal and his associates went underground. At the same time, the Delhi police carried out the Batla House operation in which IM man Atif and a police inspector were killed. IM's key members, like Riyaz Bhatkal, Mohsin Choudhary, Iqbal Bhatkal, Abu Rashid, Dr Shanuwaz, Bada Sajid and Salman, fled to Pakistan. Yasin Bhatkal sheltered with his friend Gayoor Jamali at Darbhanga,\" said an ATS officer. Jamali is one of the six held in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11624501", "title": "Shiv Sena to contest 63 seats, BJP 89", "text": "PUNE: After a month-long discussion saffron alliance partners, the BJP and Shiv Sena, finally arrived at a seat-sharing formula for the civic polls in Pune.\"Sixty-three seats will be given to the Shiv Sena while 89 will be contested by the Bharatiya Janata Party . Sixteen seats will be given to Republican Party of India, some from the BJP and others from the Sena's share,\" Neelam Gorhe, Shiv Sena's spokesperson told TOI.Senior leaders of all three parties sorted out the seat-sharing and final touches were added later.Gorhe said that some changes may yet happen. \"The list is almost final, but a couple of seats are open for discussions,\" she added. Both saffron parties want some key wards for their party. These wards included Kothurd, Parvati and Cantonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11624002", "title": "'All mum on saving language'", "text": "With all the political parties finally out with their manifestoes, two organizations associated with culture and literature have accused them all of failing to address issues related to Punjabi culture and language.Coming out with a list of loopholes in the manifestoes, Punjab Jagriti Manch and Punjabi Bhasha Academy stated that the Congress, SAD, BJP and even PPP had not given any importance to preserving Punjabi language.Representatives of the two organizations stated that while all parties were eager to rule Punjab, they had missed out on the relevant concerns and their agenda had nothing to do with Punjabi language and culture.In a joint statement issued by Manch general secretary Satnam Singh Manak and Academy president Joginder Singh Puar, they said that while the Congress had completely missed mentioning Punjabi language, SAD had merely given a passing reference to it without giving any clear roadmap on the issue.They said it was a cause of concern that Punjabi language was dying in Punjab but the political parties, except CPI (M), had avoided taking a stand on the matter.These organizations appealed to the parties to include the issues now in their agendas. They also demanded that the parties make clear promises about inclusion of Chandigarh, where Punjabi was being wiped out despite it being the capital of the state.Punjab Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11623908", "title": "Jay Leno's spoof intolerable, says angry SGPC", "text": "AMRITSAR: Jay Leno's spoof on Golden Temple has invited the ire of Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) that has termed his remarks as \"intolerable\" and appealed to the US government to file a case against the TV host of The Tonight Show on NBC channel.Leno had flashed a picture of Golden Temple during the programme and termed it as a possible summer home of US republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney .The show had also shown a few non-Sikhs laughing after Leno's comments.\"It is a very serious issue and can't be taken lightly. The incident has hurt the religious feelings of Sikhs across the globe,\" said SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar on Tuesday.He said Sikhs had significantally contributed towards the development of the US. The management of NBC channel and Leno should render an unconditional apology to Sikhs without any further delay, he underlined.Makkar said SGPC had written to the PM, foreign minister and US ambassador in India to convey the feelings of Sikhs and demanded strict action against the management of NBC channel and host of the show. SGPC had also made an appeal to US president Barack Obama .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11624459", "title": "City faces dengue, chikungunya threat", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The mounting garbage heaps in the city have become a cause of concern with the district health administration confirming the spread of diseases like dengue and chikungunya.\"Garbage heaps have increased the number of mosquitoes in certain areas of the capital city and this is helping the spread of diseases,\" said National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) district programme manager Dr Unnikrishnan. However, he said that there was no need to panic since it is not an epidemic.Steps have been taken for source reduction and fogging has been intensified in the areas where cases of fever have been reported. Most of the cases have been identified in the coastal belt of the district, he said.The areas between Poonthura and Veli have been identified as most sensitive as the garbage menace is the worst there. Apart from this, certain pockets of Valiyathura have also been identified as vulnerable.Every day at least five case of dengue or chikungunya are reported from this area since last week. So far, 24 cases of dengue have been reported from these coastal areas.Intermittent rains are also a cause of concern for the authorities.They have confirmed that rain and water-logging have also increased the mosquito density in the coastal belt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11623195", "title": "India has no official military history post- Independence", "text": "JAIPUR: At the Jaipur Literature Festival's session on \"Indian Military History: The Missing Links\" ex-Army officers and scholars of military strategies expressed concerns that India lacked a post-Independence military history.\"We virtually have no military history as whatever information that is in public domain is not official,\" said retired Major General VK Singh, one of the participants at the session. \"The history of 1962, 1965 and 1971 wars has been written but not published yet. Ironically, this is available on the internet,\" Singh said, commenting on the pathetic government approach in declassifying the military records.Anit Mukherjee, a member of the Institute of Defence Studies and Analysis, highlighted how despite being on the payrolls of the ministry of defence he struggles to get access to primary sources of Indian military history. \"I have to file applications under the Right to Information Act to get official information that is 4-5 decades old, but even then the information is denied to me,\" Mukherjee said.Former Indian ambassador and scholar in diplomatic and military history, Chandrashekhar Dasgupta explained how the official military history of a country was important to its residents to know the national and political objections of the nation. He mentioned an interesting revelation about how the key players in the first Indo-Pak of 1947 were all British officers. \"Those involved in this war at the senior level on the Indian, Pakistani and British sides were surprisingly British officers,\"The audiences were stunned when the participants highlighted that many of the official military documents were being destroyed for sheer lack of proper storage facilities. \"There is no mechanism to even preserve the records that are considered functional documents. These are destroyed after sometime due to space crunch,\" said RTS Chhina, retired Sqn Ldr.Mukherjee said no one in the government appeared to be bothered about declassifying the military records. Singh underlined that even the National Achieves was ignoring its job to demand the military records that should have been declassified as per the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11623132", "title": "Once a Goan, always a Goan", "text": "JAIPUR: The audience got a taste of the Goan way of life and a peek into the guarded Jewish lifestyle at the session 'Theatre of the novel'. Damodar Mauzo, a renowned Konkani writer and Esther David, a Jewish-Indian author, both Sahitya Akademi Award winners, enlightened the gathering on authentic Catholic lifestyle of Goa through readings from their works.Another panelist, Wendell Rodricks , could not be at the session due to some flight problem.The wrong notion about the culture of Goa and unavailability of works on the lifestyle of Catholic Goans in English prompted Mauzo to get his characters from the villages of Goa. He read out excerpts from his novel Tsunami Simon.\"All the religions in Goa live in exemplary harmony and a lot has been written on Goa and its beaches. But the Catholic way of living in the state is yet to be presented in true light. So my writings touch upon that a lot,\" Mauzo explained. On the connection with the soil of Goa, he added that \"anyone who belongs to Goa but lives outside wishes to spend his last days here\".Esther David who writes about the Jewish community in India shared interesting facts about Jewish living, which largely remains secretive. Throwing light on the relatively unknown Jewish culture, David stated, \"The Jewish community speaks the language and adopts the culture of the state where they stay. But when it comes to our prayers we say them in Hebrew. In the synagogue, Jewish prayer house, we become completely Jewish.\"She also read from her work, Book of Rachel, set in Danda of Konkan coast. The story revolves around Rachel's fight to preserve an ancient synagogue in her backyard with the help of a young lawyer.Attributing her liberal upbringing for her inquisitiveness about the community, David said \"I was not brought up in a religious family, so there is a quest to know about the community. This led me to lot of research to write about it\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622232", "title": "We will clear MSEDCL's dues before March: Spanco chief", "text": "NAGPUR: Power franchisee Spanco is confident of clearing its Rs250 crore plus dues to MSEDCL well before the end of this financial. Company's chairman Kapil Puri told the media on Tuesday that banks would disburse the loans soon and Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was expected to clear the Rs80 crore investment by US-based equity fund Bessemer Venture Partners soon.Puri contended that Spanco had not caused any loss to MSEDCL. \"An escrow account has been opened whereby our entire bill collection amount is being deposited with MSEDCL. Secondly, we are doing book adjustment with MSEDCL for the payment due to us for R-APDRP work. MSEDCL also has Rs50 crore bank guarantee and in addition we have done Rs75 crore capital investment in the franchisee area. So MSEDCL is on the positive side,\" Puri said.While Puri refuted allegations levelled by unions that Spanco had diverted money from Nagpur operations elsewhere he refused to elaborate why there was a huge difference between the money collected by Spanco from consumers and that paid to MSEDCL. \"In absence of bank funding we have spent crores on operational and capital expenditure. MSEDCL has audited our accounts through an independent auditor and it is satisfied with that,\" he said.Till December-end Spanco had collected Rs415 crore but paid only Rs200 crore to MSEDCL. It is not ready to explain what it has done with the remaining Rs215 crore.The chairman said that his company had decided to invest Rs400 crore in Nagpur franchisee area in 2012-13. However, the actual expenditure might be less as all works would not be completed before March 2013.Admitting that cracking down on power theft was a major problem Puri averred that MERC should have stricter norms for power theft. \"In our submission to the central government appointed Shunglu committee we have stressed on making the panchnama procedure simpler,\" he said.He stressed that once the existing meters were replaced by smart meters power theft would come down automatically.On BPO and other operations in Nagpur, he said that they would be started soon once power business is streamlined. \"Our motto will be 'We also supply electricity',\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11625787", "title": "I've never been a part of any camp: Priyanka Chopra", "text": "Refusing to dwell on her personal equations with co-stars, Priyanka Chopra talks about the professional space and what makes her tick in BollywoodShe had been in the news for not the best reasons of late. And yet, Priyanka Chopra refuses to let the rumours affect her. At least professionally. When faced with personal questions about rumours of her special friendship with Shah Rukh Khan, the actress fidgets and declares, \"I will not talk about this. I shall never talk about this.\" However, when it comes to her films, the actress doesn't shy away from answering.About her upcoming Dharma Productions venture 'Agneepath', the actress gushes, \"I am nervous and excited. Reports have been brilliant. They have liked Hrithik (Roshan), Sanju ( Sanjay Dutt ) and my work. More than anything, they have loved the film. I'm very proud of Karan (Malhotra, the director) as this is his first film and I'm his first heroine. For me, it's not a remake. I hadn't even seen the original 'Agneepath' till I signed this film. Also my role has been written fresh.\"And this film strengthens her bond with Karan Johar and Dharma. She had earlier worked with the production house in 'Dostana'. Though she is not doing 'Dostana 2', \"My love story ended in the first part when I walked away with Bobby Deol\" being the actress' reason for the same, her relationship with the production house has remained.\"Miami to Mandva. It was lovely working with Dharma again. As an actor, you don't involve yourself with the production much. You're closer to the director,\" says the actress.Despite her proximity to Dharma, her relationship with Yash Raj Films is reportedly not as strong. Rumour has it that Yash Raj did not keep its promise of offering her a big film after she agreed to do a small project 'Pyaar Impossible'. However, the actress maintains that it wasn't YRF she was working for but Uday Chopra Productions.Good with a section of the industry and not too close to the rest, this is Priyanka's career graph in a nutshell. However, with single minded determination and what trade analyst Amod Mehra calls 'luck' the actress despite being shunned some, has managed to maintain her position in Bollywood.The actress has also tried to hold on to the few 'good' relations she has in the industry. For example, despite delivering an award winning performance for Madhur Bhandarkar in 'Fashion', the filmmaker's next project 'Heroine' finally had Kareena Kapoor. But the actress doesn't begrudge him that. \"I couldn't have done that role. Working on a similar plot did not make sense for Madhur and me. We spoke about the film several times. I'm glad that Kareena's doing it. Both of them will work very well.\"Priyanka puts up a brave front on her reported alienation from the Salman Khan camp. \"I have worked with every co-actor possible. I don't come from a film background. I don't have relationships with people in terms of uncles and aunts. I have been an outsider. Wherever I'm today is due to the support of this film industry.They have given big films and amazing work to me. It hasn't been because of any director, production house, actor or a person. I have never been a part of any camp. I respect every co-actor tremendously and equally. I would work with anyone,\" declares the actress.As for her not having worked ever with the third Khan of the triumvirate, Aamir, she simply laughs, \"Ask Aamir. If the offer hasn't come to me yet, what can I say about it?\"While in hushed tones, insiders do cite her friendship with Shah Rukh as the reason of her alienation from the other Khans, when questioned about her rise and rise in Bollywood, they all agree upon one thing - her professionalism.According to Suneel Darshan, who gave her the first break with 'Andaaz', \" Priyanka is not the conventional beauty like Kareena Kapoor. Despite that, she has done very well for herself. Knowing well that the perks of stardom can be really high, she has set her goals accordingly. There is determination written all over her face. When it comes to her, there is hardly anything left between the apple and the arrow.\"But trade analyst Amod Mehra feels differently. \"Kareena is number one. Katrina is on number two. And Priyanka who was once on the second position is now on number three. That's because Priyanka has made all the wrong choices and given many flops - '7 Khoon Maaf', 'Kaminey', 'What's Your Rashee', 'Drona'. I would say that she has been lucky,\" says Mehra and adds, \"Also, she has limited choices. Her big star bracket is restricted to SRK and Hrithik. Salman doesn't want to work with her. Aamir hasn't worked with her yet. She hasn't worked much with Ajay Devgn. And she can't work with Akshay Kumar.\"Filmmaker Ratan Jain who worked with Priyanka in 'Aap Ki Khatir' however seems to be almost on the same page as Darshan. Maintaining that films in Bollywood depend on the male actor, Jain says, \"Priyanka is a very popular actress. She is an excellent performer too. Else, why would she be cast in so many movies? Note that she has also improved her acting abilities over the years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11623408", "title": "Biggest arms surrender to PC by 9 rebel groups", "text": "GUWAHATI: Militancy-hit Assam was able to shirk off this tag on Tuesday with the biggest surrender of over 1,600 cadres of nine outfits in a day. However, a few remnant groups, including Ulfa hardliners led by Paresh Baruah, did not join the peace process.An assortment of about 201 small and big weapons were deposited by the groups comprising five Adivasi, three Kuki and a Hmar outfit, before Union home minister P Chidambaram and chief minister Tarun Gogoi. Welcoming the cadres back into the mainstream, the home minister said, \"We can build a great India, a great economy and we ask you all to join us in this glorious task of nation building.\"Gogoi, on the other hand, reiterated his appeal to Baruah and his group to join the peace process. \"Our doors are open for those who are willing to join the peace process but we will firmly deal with hardliners,\" he said.Hailing the mega arms surrender ceremony, the home minister said, \"Not often do we see so many groups, which have taken the path of militancy, returning to the path of peace, reconciliation and brotherhood. We believe that in our republic and democracy every voice deserves to be heard and all differences can be settled through talks and consultations.\"Chidambaram said, \"In the past couple of years, we have reached out to several outfits. We have signed the suspension of operation with the pro-talks faction of Ulfa, we have signed a memorandum of settlement with UPDS and negotiations with the DHD(J) are in the final stages. We expect a memorandum very soon, talks with DHD(N) are progressing well and talks with the NDFB (Progressive) will continue. Talks with the KLNLF are also progressing and the Ranjan Daimary faction of the NDFB has declared unilateral ceasefire.\"The nine outfits, Kuki Revolutionary Army, United Kukigram Defence Army, Hmar People's Convention (D), Kuki Liberation Army, Adivasi Cobra Military of Assam, Birsa Commando Force, Santhal Tiger Force, All Adivasi National Liberation Army and Adivasi People's Army had earlier declared a ceasefire. Chidambaram added, \"We assure you that the government of India and the government of Assam will treat everyone of you as equal citizens with honour and dignity.\"Also present at the ceremony were the 4th Corps GoC Lt Gen Shakti Gurung, 3rd Corps GoC Lt Gen Dalbir, director general of police and chairman of the Operational Group (Unified Command), J N Choudhury, GoC, Red Horns division Major General R N Nairand GoC Red Shield Maj Gen Binoy Poonnen.The additional director general of Assam Police (special branch), who was responsible for the arms surrender ceremony, said, \"All major outfits have finally come to the peace process except a few remnants and deserter groups.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11624080", "title": "BMC to clear building plans in 60 days", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic officials will no longer be able to delay a builder's project file. A circular issued by the civic administration on Tuesday warned the BMC's building proposals (BP) staff that \"any lapse in approving building plans within 60 days will be viewed seriously\" .The new guidelines come barely weeks after the state government approved the new Development Control Rules (DCR), which seek to curb large-scale misuse of building concessions by developers. To halt this malpractice, the amended rule allows developers 35% extra area to build residential buildings and 20% additional area for commercial projects in lieu of a hefty premium to be paid to the municipal body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11623044", "title": "The lava of poetry at Akhtar's session", "text": "JAIPUR: The front lawns of Diggi Palace turned into a poetry classroom on Tuesday with noted writer Javed Akhtar teaching the art of writing 'poetry' to the audience, who occupied every nook corner of the lawn. The session was titled 'Lava: The Drama of Words' based on his latest book.The magical session saw recital of his poems, discussion on basics of poetry, a confession and some accounts of his personal life. He explained the difference between Ghazal and Shayari, giving minute details from their origin to its present shape, quoting examples from the lives of renowned poets.In the session, he recited some of his famous poems and also from his book Lava, which was widely appreciated by the audience. The lyrical session left the audience craving for more when the poet read from his work, dedicated to his wife and noted actress Shabana Azmi .Even tourism minister Bina Kak couldn't stop hooting for more recitals. In his typical style he explained different perceptions people have about an artist. \"They (artists) create an aura and myth around them. If people think creative people draw inspiration while gazing moon and stars, and only drunken artists create masterpieces in their mediums, they are wrong,\" added Akhtar. \"They are ordinary people like us,\" he said.He surprised the audience when he said that he was a habitual drinker in his early days. \"Those were the worst days of my life. I advice people to stay away from the habit of drinking as it brings no value addition to your thoughts,\" said Akhtar.Using this platform, he conveyed his message to the youths that \"You have a world infected with casteism, communalism, rich and poor divide etc. It's a challenge before you to make it a better world.\" On his latest book, he said that it has less emotion and talks about social issues and women emancipation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11620750", "title": "Lokayukta asks IMC to file status report on violators", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh Lokayukta, who is in the city, took up several cases relating to anomalies with the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) on the second day of the hearing on Tuesday. 15 cases relating to IMC were taken up of which nine were related to building permission and colonizer cell, but since these cases were pending with the courts no substantial action was taken.Legal advisor of Lokayukta, N V Kaur said that as long as the matter is subjudice, Lokayukta can not take any action. The civic body has been asked to submit status report and further investigations and action will be taken after the court verdicts in these cases.The matter related to illegal construction at Central Mall was taken by in which was alleged that the builders resorted to illegal constructions. The top floor of the mall is alleged to be an illegal as the mall had permission to construct only seven floors.However, the builder and owner of the mall claimed that construction has been done in accordance with the building permission and map sanctioned by IMC. The top floor (eight floor) was constructed as it had enough FAR left after the construction of seven floors.When the matter was brought before the Lokayukta, the IMC carried out an inspection wherein it was found that the builders have made an illegal construction of about 600 sq ft. Civic officials said that it is true that on paper the builder had enough FAR after construction of seven floors, but the construction in basement nullified that FAR. The builder has approached the court and procurred a stay on the matter.Illegal construction in Tilak Nagar under an overhead water tank was found to be legal and Lokayukta closed the matter. The matter related to construction of drainage line in Khajarana was closed as IMC claimed that drainage line has been constructed.Similarly, on illegal construction in Ali Colony-wherein a complaint has been filed with Lokayukta for encroachment of garden area-IMC said that colony is illegal. The matter related to Nipaniya and Balaji, in which district administration is also one of the parties, is also in the court.Another important issue taken up by the Lokayukta was pilferage of water from water supply. Lokayukta has received a complaint that large amount of water supplied from different sources including Narmada is being pilfered. In its reply IMC claims that right now most of the water is being supplied directly to some colonies in the absence of water pipeline. The work for laying water pipeline is in progress and water will be supplied through the pipeline after the completion of work.The matter related to felling trees in Brahma colony was closed by Lokayukta as IMC claimed that an amount of Rs 1.91 lakh has been recovered from the accused and a departmental action has been taken against the guilty official.On the complain over civic body laxity in purifying tube well water as per the guidelines of Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), IMC argued before the Lokayukta that water supplied through tube well is not meant for drinking, thus it doesn't come under CPCB guidelines and civic body is liable for purification of water supplied for drinking purpose only.Meanwhile, Legal advisor of Lokayukta V S Kaur said that in last two days around 12 complaints have been admitted by Lokayukta-three on Monday and nine on Tuesday. On third and last day of hearing the Lokayukta will take up matters related to district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623984", "title": "BJP manifesto promises strong Lokayukta", "text": "Just six days before Punjab goes to polls, the BJP finally came out with its election manifesto, promising to deliver a strong Lokayukta, here on Tuesday.Upping its ante on the issue of corruption, BJP assured to make legal provisions for confiscating the assets of corrupt politicians or officials and to declare the same government property.Releasing the document, leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said after coming to power, the SAD-BJP alliance would be guided by the stand taken by the parties in the Parliament on Lokpal Bill where the two had strongly opposed a weak draft and suggested amendments.\"No person would be allowed to earn profit from corruption,\" he said. The manifesto also calls for bringing all categories of officials and employees under Lokayukta, apart from adding more services under Citizens' Charter.Flanked by BJP national general secretary J P Nadha, MPs Navjot Sidhu and Avinash Rai Khanna and state general secretary Kamal Sharma, Jaitley said they had not repeated all the promises made by SAD in its manifesto but were in full agreement with all those issues. BJP has also promised to remove octroi from diesel and petrol in cities.Promising 24-hour power supply in cities and villages and development of industrial clusters in the state, the party also reiterated the promise made by SAD to provide free power to agriculture sector, apart from crop insurance. It also assured a single window system for industry.Jaitley held that the SAD-BJP government would industrialize the Punjab economy for ensuing more employment avenues and higher economic growth of the state. He claimed that promises made in 2007 elections were substantially achieved by the combine. \"With this performance, the alliance would get comfortable majority,\" he said confidently.BJP has also promised to increase widow and senior citizen pension to Rs 750 per month. Jaitley said as trade with Pakistan was expected to open, there would be special focus on developing business centres near Amritsar and Ferozepur border posts.Punjab Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11623236", "title": "CM launches Pillur II drinking water scheme", "text": "COIMBATORE: Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa on Tuesday launched the much awaited Pillur-II Dedicated Water Supply Scheme, which will release 62.5 mld of drinking water to the water scarce regions of Coimbatore city.The chief minister inaugurated the Rs 140 crore project through video conferencing from Chennai while mayor S M Velusamy and MLAs Challenger Durai and T Malaravan took part in the official function held in the city.This project will ensure dedicated water supply to areas including Ganapathy, Avarampalayam, Maniyakarapalayam, Singanallur, Peelamedu and Ramanathapuram. The long awaited project is likely to resolve a major portion of the water needs of the city.The project to supply Bhavani water to the city began in 2007, at an estimated cost of Rs 113.7 crore. However, the final project exceeded Rs 140 crore. Within 10 years, it is expected to meet the water needs of 12.10 lakh people.At present, the city receives its water from Siruvani and Pillur I scheme. The total supply of water from the existing Siruvani and Pillur I scheme is 137 mld catering to a population of over 1.1 million. The newly commissioned project is expected to supply an additional 62.5 mld.\"The project is aimed at eradicating drinking water scarcity in the city. The Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission undertook 50% of the cost, while the state government met 20% and city corporation undertook 30% of cost,\" said corporation commissioner T K Ponnusamy.The project will be fully operational within the next few days. Works on the water entry tunnel near Periyakombai hills and construction of the water treatment plant near Veliankadu, are in the finishing stages, he informed.The scheme is divided into six stages, with the construction of a raw water collection well at the foothill of Periyakombai hills near Pillur dam.The water is pumped from the collection point in the dam through a 1.5 kilometer tunnel line through Periyakombai hills into the water treatment plant at Veliankadu. From the treatment plant, water will be pumped to the Master Reservoir (MSR) with 30 lakhs capacity at Ramakrishnapuram through a 10.8 kilometer pipeline cutting through the Kattan hill.Sources in the corporation say that residents will continue to suffer water woes until the supply lines are laid throughout the city. \"We have sent a detailed project report to the government and are awaiting clearance to lay an even distribution system to ensure undisrupted water supply to Coimbatore Corporation. It is likely to be completed within the next one year,\" said a senior corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622585", "title": "Pool of talent at display on the third day of Unifest", "text": "NAGPUR: Unifest seems to have rolled the ball of talent such that it has not stopped gathering momentum. Competitions have become all the more interesting as the third day of the feast witnessed some jaw-dropping acts and performances redefining the event altogether.In the one-act play competition, Mumbai's SNDT Women's University sent a strong message against official apathy which leads to terror attacks. Using women's sandals as a symbol of public ire, the young performers gave an evocative display of good acting and a strong script.One-act play was one of the two events where RTM Nagpur University managed to qualify for the national finals. The home team's play focused on how the illicit practice of moneylending is resulting in poor farmers committing suicide.The team from Guru Nank Dev University received a standing ovation from the packed gathering for their sterling performance. They depicted a heart-rending story of a poor woman offering her womb as a surrogate mother to raise money to treat her mentally-challenged daughter.The tender subject of 'Mother and Child' was strongly supported by most contestants at the clay modelling event of the festival. The competition was held in the campus of South Central Zone Cultural Centre (SCZCC). Clay modelling participants from eight finalist universities were also given the theme of 'Labour,' which was used by four contestants.The themes of 'village life' and 'animal life' were given to participants at the collage making competition on Tuesday. The artists used strips and bits of paper torn out of newspapers and magazines to create images depicting their chosen themes.Sparsh Goyal from Punjab University depicted a caricature of Anna Hazare who is seen making attempts to save the country with the parliament house in the background.Corruption, unemployment , terrorism and social injustice were prominently featured in the stories of most other one-act plays. The participating teams included those from MDU Rohtak, Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar, Mangalore University, University of Kerala, Manipur University and Tezpur University.Similarly, there were some very mature views expressed by the young contestants in the debate contest on the topic \"Women's Activism is a Challenge to the Male Dominated Society\". Speakers from Guru Nanak Dev University, University of Kashmir, Mahatma Gandhi University, University of Madras, Devi Ahilya University and Jadavpur University summed up by agreeing that there should be an element of cooperation rather than one of confrontation between men and women .Lokpal, a word that has come to represent the anti-corruption movement in India, turned out to be the favourite among the three themes given to contestants of the cartoon drawing competition. The other two themes were 'An incident from your life' and 'Indian Politics'.The wafting notes of sa re ga ma... convinced listeners that despite all the cacophony of contemporary Hindi film songs, India's rich heritage of classical music in not under any threat and will last forever.Punjab University's Satinder Singh deftly used Raag Bhim Kauns to enchant the listeners. Equally impressive were Kartikeyan from Calicut University and Deepika Bhide from Mumbai University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622406", "title": "Naquee arrest helped IM boss to wriggle out", "text": "NEW DELHI: Naquee Ahmed, arrested for his alleged role in 13/7 Mumbai blasts by Maharashtra ATS, had been 'won over' by the Special Cell of the Delhi Police as they were concentrating on catching India's most wanted man at present- Ahmad Siddi Bapa alias Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh, through him. TOI has learnt that the Special Cell, after discovering that Naquee was in touch with Bhatkal, tracked Naquee's movements, call details and visits and finally convinced him to help them in catching India's most wanted man - Bhatkal.In fact the Special Cell had kept Naquee with them for almost one month after giving him an assurance he would not be arrested. Sources revealed that Special Cell had received information about Naquee by reliable sources sometime in November and found that his call details, matched those on Yasin Bhatkal's phone. This gave them hope that Bhatkal would either come to Mumbai or try to contact Naquee again. The Special Cell, which had won over Naquee, had no idea that the Maharashtra ATS would take him away instead, which has now dashed all hopes of catching Bhatkal.Highly placed sources say that when seven Indian Mujahideen members, including a Pakistani national - Mohammad Adil and Mohammad Qateel Siddique, Mohammad Irshad Khan, Gauhar Aziz Khomani, Gayur Ahmad Jamali, Abdur Rehman and Farooq, were arrested in November by a Special Cell team, they already had information about Naquee being in touch with Jamali and also Yasin Bhatkal. This input was confirmed during questioning of these seven members. Naquee's call details also reportedly had shown pattern of calls on numbers which are suspected to have been used by Bhatkal. He was finally picked up from the Shaheen Bagh area on December 9 and pleaded innocence to involvement in any blast but admitted to have helped some people referred to him by either Bhatkal or Jamali.From here, Delhi Police decided to catch Yasin Bhatkal with the help of Naquee as he had admitted to have provided accommodation to two suspected Pakistan nationals - Waqas and Tabrez, whom Maharashtra ATS called 'A' and 'B'. Naquee had also reportedly helped in getting them SIM cards and enrolling them in a gym in Mumbai. Sources say that the Special Cell knew about these facts and that his role in 13/7 July blast was limited to being a facilitator. Delhi Police knew they were on the right track when Naquee took them to a place where these two suspected militants had stayed in Byculla (Mumbai). However, till recently, the Special Cell was only concentrating on catching Bhatkal or these two suspected Pak nationals, who could have led the cops to Bhatkal.\"They (Special Cell) were following a wait and watch policy to arrest Bhatkal for over one month from December 9 till January second week as they believed that Bhatkal would call Naquee or would turn up in Mumbai. However, they had no idea that Maharashtra ATS was also working on inputs on Naquee and wanted to solve their case,\" said a source. Special Cell was, in fact, technically not even concentrating on the Mumbai blast case as they wanted to nab the main man - Bhatkal, and get information on all the previous blast cases in the country and learn the future plans of the Indian Mujahideen.\"We learned that Bhatkal played a role in the Jama Masjid attack and we have to arrest him at any cost,\" said a senior Delhi police officer, on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626335", "title": "Vikram caught in a fix", "text": "Irked that the actor's name has been dragged into the title issue, Karikalan's producers plan to file a defamation suit.Acivil court in the city had ordered an interim stay on Karikalan's filming after K S Rajasekaran, aka, Nagaraj sent a notice to the team alleging that the film's story and title were his. The court had also issued summons to its makers and hero Vikram. But, now, the producers of the film are planning to file a defamation suit against Rajasekaran for involving Vikram's name in this issue.When CT got in touch with S S Vasan, one of the film's producers, he said that it is grossly unfair to drag Vikram's name in this issue. \"It is understandable when the producer and the director are issued summons in such a case. But, involving an actor in such a case is unfair. He is not part of both the script and title registration process,\" he says. He reveals that Vikram had spoken to him about the issue, and feels that this has caused mental agony for his hero. \"It brings down his reputation and we are consulting our lawyers about filing a defamation suit,\" he claims.Stating that they have adequate proof to argue their case, he says, \"We have the documents declaring approval of the title from the producers' council, the producers' guild and the film chamber. They have a monthlong verification process during which they crosscheck whether the title applied for has already been registered or if there is any litigation over it.\" The producer says the next schedule of shooting will probably begin by next month once the legal issues and the FEFSI wage issues are sorted out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613343", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan shows his love for Gauri", "text": "SRK has his ways of putting rumours to rest and proving everything's fine between him and Gauri Khan.For everyone working overtime contemplating problems in Shah Rukh Khan's paradise, King Khan has proved that he is an eternal romantic and loyal lover not just onscreen but also off-screen, in personal life.Recently rumours were rife that there seem to be some problems between the steady couple Shah Rukh and Gauri Khan because of SRK's over-friendliness with Priyanka Chopra. The sizzling chemistry between the Don costars was said to have transpired beyond the silver screen. Shah Rukh never reacted to these reports but had his own way of putting the rumours to rest.Shah Rukh and Gauri Khan had recently been to an awards function in foreign lands and their camaraderie at the after party seemed just out of a Bollywood love story. A source present at the party said, \"Shah Rukh invited Gauri for a dance and expectedly she graced the dance floor. The couple indulged in a love-soaked ball-dance on some beautiful numbers and their chemistry was for everyone to see\".We must say Shah Rukh Khan clearly knows how to silence his detractors without speaking a word!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11623901", "title": "\u2018Need to ensure better mental health care\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: Experts of psychiatry have called for a better and constructive government initiative in mental health care. At a workshop organized by the Indian Psychiatric Society in Kochi on Tuesday, psychiatrists from across the state asked the government to provide treatment and rehabilitation facilities.According to statistics, 10% of Kerala's population suffers from some kind of mental illness, but the state and families do not have facilities to provide the necessary care . About 120 centres are functioning in the state, but most of them do not have a legally valid licence and qualified personnel. And these agencies do not envisage treatment as their primary responsibility, but since they provide a shelter for patients, the government should take steps to better their services, experts said.NGOs are doing a good job of rehabilitating patients and giving them proper care, but the state should ensure that human rights are not violated in these centres, said Dr T Murali, vice-president of the World Association of Psychiatric Rehabilitation. There should be effective campaigns to educate the public regarding mental health, said Dr M Chandrasekharan Nair, chief psychiatrist of Nair's Hospital, Kochi.V M Sudheeran, who inaugurated the conference at IMA House, suggested that the government should constitute an assembly committee to study the problems in this sector, and also institute a pension for patients. The functioning of the mental health authority should be revamped, he said.Dr Mohan Isaac, professor of psychiatry in the University of Western Australia, spoke on rehabilitation based on recovery and human rights. Dr S Jinan, state president of the Indian Psychiatric Society, presided over the meeting. Dr K Sudarshan and Advocate Litto Palathingal were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11623198", "title": "Nagaland Congress team in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: A eight-member Nagaland Congress team led by its cultural leadership programme (CLP) leader who's also the leader of the opposition in the Nagaland assembly, Tokheho Yepthomi, on Tuesday met Manipur PCC president Gaikhangam and discussed issues related to the assembly election.The Congress forms the opposition in Nagaland while it is the ruling party in Manipur.\"We came here from Kohima to wish the Manipur PCC luck in this election. We will not campaign in Manipur as we do not know the areas well,\" said Tokheho.Nagaland's ruling Naga People's Front (NPF), led by Neiphiu Rio, is contesting Manipur elections for the first time. The NPF is contesting 12 seats, including the 11 Naga-dominated constituencies.Sources said Nagaland Congress leaders are worried about NPF's debut in the Manipur polls and if Rio's party manages to win a few seats, it may have a positive effect for the front in Nagaland, which is going to polls early next year. Tokheho, however, denied the party had any such concerns.\"The NPF, by contesting just 12 seats out of the total 60, cannot decide the fate of Manipur. There will also be no affect of its Manipur poll performance in next year's Nagaland assembly elections,\" Tokheho said. He added that Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio was only trying to gain some political mileage by campaigning in Manipur.When asked about Rio terming the Congress and Manipur chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh as anti-Naga, Tokheho replied, \"Nobody is anti-Naga or anti-national.\"Commenting on militant attacks on Congress workers in both Imphal valley and hill districts, Tokheho said, \"If the militants claim that they are fighting for people's welfare, they should desist from such violent acts. If they continue such attacks, there will be no peace.\"The Congress leader said because of insurgency, the northeast is lagging behind in all spheres. \"While the whole world is marching ahead today, we are still talking about bringing development,\" he added.The team included two Congress MLAs, K V Pusa and Joshua, besides five office-bearers of Nagaland PCC .Election 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11625688", "title": "Former ISRO chief, three other scientists barred from govt jobs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking action in the controversial Antrix-Devas deal, the government has barred former ISRO chief G Madhavan Nair and three other eminent space scientists from holding any government jobs.The action comes in the wake of the controversial deal in which a private company was allotted scarce S band spectrum by ISRO allegedly in violation of rules.Besides Nair, K Bhaskaranarayana, former scientific secretary at ISRO, KR Sridharamurthi, former managing director of Antrix, commercial arm of ISRO, and KN Shankara, former director of the ISRO satellite centre, have been penalised by the department of space, an ISRO official said.The contract with Devas was signed during the tenure of Mr. Nair as the chairman of ISRO.The government action comes after considering a report of the high-powered committee (HPC) that went into the Devas deal and that of another panel which examined the HPC report.The Prime Minister had on May 31, last year, constituted a five-member high-level team under the chairmanship of former Central Vigilance Commissioner Pratyush Sinha to examine aspects of the agreement between Antrix and Devas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626853", "title": "Emma Bunton in no rush to wed", "text": "Emma Bunton insists getting married is not a \"major priority\".The 36-year-old singer - who became engaged to former Damage singer Jade Jones a year ago after 10 years together - admits the couple and their children Beau, four and eight-month-old Tate are so close anyway, marriage is not on the cards at the moment.She said: \"We're already a really close-knit family, so it's not a major priority. I'm sure it's something that will happen, but definitely not in the near future.\"Despite her loving relationship with Jade, Emma was shocked when Michael Buble confessed to having a crush on her when she was in the Spice Girls.She told Britain's OK! magazine: \"Michael said, 'You used to be my celebrity crush.' I was like, 'Oh my gosh this is embarrassing!' \"However, the 'Stop' hitmaker joked that some of the celebrities she admires failed to echo the sentiment expressed by Michael.She added: \"Johnny Depp didn't say that to me, but I'm sure he was definitely thinking it though!\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11622086", "title": "Prosecute more cops: Witnesses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While the Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team (SIT) has been successfully dodging the issue of implicating cops in riots cases by claiming that further probe is underway, the witnesses have also decided not to give up their legal battle.Within a month's time the special court hearing the Naroda Patia case disposed off an application demanding prosecution of top cops like P C Pande and M K Tandon, witnesses have come up with another application. This time they are demanding that the court should arraign then Naroda PIs K K Mysorewala and V S Gohil, SRP officer Ketan Parikh and an SRP commando identified as Dataniya.Witnesses' counsel Yusuf Shaikh said that the court has examined 60 eye witnesses, and of them eight witnesses have described Mysorewala's role in the violence that witnessed 95 persons dead on February 28, 2002. The lawyer said that they are seeking Mysorewala's arraignment on basis of evidence that has come on court's record, which cannot be overlooked.Mysorewala and Gohil have been accused of gross dereliction of duty on the fateful day. While a witness testified that Mysorewala became part of the mob and ordered it to open fire on Muslims, another witness told the court that the cop told her, \"It is decided that you have to die today\".The SRP officials have been sought to be arraigned because when hapless people ran for cover and requested the officials to let them inside the SRP quarters, the personnel headed by Parikh not only refused, but also started beating them. According to witnesses, Parikh even pointed gun at Muslims and lobbed teargas shells on them to push them to open fields. The same role has been attributed in regards with Dataniya.Advocate Sheikh said that specific evidence has come on court's record, and on this basis the investigating officer should have taken action against these persons. However, since SIT is silent, witnesses have to move the application under section 319 of CrPC to arraign these cops.The lawyer also filed a similar plea in November last year to probe further the call records obtained during the riots period, but SIT's assurance that further investigation was underway nullified the application. \"SIT has not done anything in regards with the last application. We are moving another application on Wednesday morning,\" advocate Shaikh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11624139", "title": "\u2018Dinos were caring moms\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Dinosaurs were caring mothers in their early evolution, say palaeontologists after claiming to have unearthed the oldestknown nesting site of the species, dating back to 190 million years, in South Africa.An international team, led by the University of Toronto, says that the nesting site at Golden Gate Highlands National Park in South Africa reveals that dinosaurs exhibited care and compassion when it came to raising their young. The nesting site, which provided clues about evolution of reproductive behaviour in early dinosaurs, actually belonged to Massospondylus, a 20-foot ancestor of long-necked sauropod dinosaurs that lived 190 million years ago, says the team.In fact, the palaeontologists claim they have discovered at least 10 nests at different rock levels, with up to 34 eggs in each, suggesting the dinosaurs returned to the same spot to lay their eggs.The finding also showed several clutches of fossilized eggs, many containing embryos. Tiny footprints of the newborn dinosaurs showed that they stayed in the nest long enough to grow to double their size, the British media reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11620530", "title": "Three state officials in presidential appreciation award list", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three officers with the Gujarat Customs &amp; Central Excise department have been selected for the 'Presidential award of appreciation certificate' for meritorious service this year. Out of the three officers, two are posted as intelligence officers with Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, Ahmedabad unit.The award is being conferred for extraordinary services to customs and excise officials every year and declared before Republic Day. This year 35 officials from the country have been selected for the award.The awardees are intelligence officer Gajraj Singh Thakur and senior intelligence officer Rakesh Rajani, and customs superintendent Janardan Dave, who is currently posted at Ankleshwar inland container depot. Senior customs officials said that the award is given after assessing 15 years' performance of an official.All the awarded officials from Gujarat have made several cases of companies defaulting on customs and excise duty in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11622726", "title": "Five arrested after clash in Ekbalpore", "text": "KOLKATA: Five youths were arrested following a clash between two groups at Ekbalpore area on Monday night. The two groups had got into a tiff over eve teasing. youths from two localities - biscuit galli and barrister galli - got involved in a clash.They pelted stones and soda bottles at each other. Huge police force from Ekbalpore police station rushed to the spot to control the situation. Around 11 pm the situation was brought under control. But once again trouble broke out after a group of youths abused a youth from rival camp at ekbalpore crossing on Tuesday morning. Police intervened and now force has bee posted to prevent further trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11623219", "title": "Biscomaun official sacked", "text": "PATNA: Biscomaun regional officer Anwar Jamal, son of former deputy managing director of Biscomaun, Mohd Sirajuddin was dismissed from services on Monday.As per a press release issued here by the Biscomaun MD, the action followed after a departmental inquiry proved his unauthorized absence from office with effect from September 15, 2002, to December, 2011.Cricket match: Judicial officials and advocates will play a friendly cricket match on January 26 on the premises of Patna College.Patna district judge Visheshwar Nath Mishra would be the chief guest on the occasion. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "11621504", "title": "Mayem, Poira locals stop work at Chowgule mines", "text": "BICHOLIM: Irate villagers from Mayem and Poira stopped work at Chowgule mines in Poira and surrounding areas on Monday, accusing the company of \"sidelining locals and giving jobs only to outsiders\".Locals had asked the Chowgule mining industries officials to give them jobs in areas where mining activity is hectic-Mayem, Sinquerim, Chimulwada, Haldanwadi, Gaonkarwada, and surrounding areas. Upon realizing that their pleas were falling on deaf ears, the locals, led by local panch member Santosh Bhonsle, Kisan Chodankar, Santosh Sawant, and a large number of youth decided to bring mining work to a halt.Company officials Shankar Shet and Ramesh Chodankar reported the matter to the police who took the agitators to the Bicholim police station. Later, PI Sagar Ekoskar attempted to solve the issue amicably but in vain. The locals resolved to continue the agitation till their demands are met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "11623109", "title": "Malegaon teachers on dharna over dues", "text": "MALEGAON: School teachers and pensioners from Malegaon Municipal Corporation schools are on a three-day dharna demanding payment of salary dues and outstanding pension. They have threatened to go on an indefinite hunger strike from January 27 if their demands are not met.The protesters began the dharna on January 23 outside the civic headquarters. Convenor of the Municipal Corporation Primary Teachers' Core Committee, Altaf Ahmed, said the total amount due was over Rs 21 crore.\"The municipal commissioner's dilly-delaying tactics in fact forced us to stage dharna,\" he said. \"If our demands are not met, four teachers will sit for an indefinite hunger strike beginning January 27.\"Commissioner Jeevan Sonawane said the corporation has asked for monetary support from the state. \"As per the general body decision taken in March 2011, we are following up with the state for a special grant or loan to pay the dues,\" he said.A total of 103 Urdu and Marathi schools fall under the jurisdiction of Malegaon Municipal Corporation and have 547 teachers on rolls, while there are 866 retired teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "movie review", "code": "11626322", "title": "Aparajita Tumi", "text": "Movie Review: Aparajita Tumi\" is the story of a man torn between two women. It's a story of a woman coming to terms with the fact that the father of her two children can and does have fondness for another lady. It is the story of five lives, each fighting his/her own demons and trying to exist peacefully in a world that's scarred by scabbed-over sensibilities.The film, an adaptation of a Sunil Gangopadhyay story, deals with a wafer-thin plot surrounding the lives of two NRI couples - Pradip (Prosenjit), Kuhu (Padmapriya) and Ronojoy (Chandan Roy Sanyal), Ushashi (Kamalinee). As the friction between Kuhu and Ushashi increases, Pradip finds himself slowly dragged into the matrix of another relationship. The lives of Kuhu and Pradip vector into a different space where the latter's sensitivity nurses the loneliness of the former's cold marriage. Then comes the filmi twist in the tale, what with the news of Pradip's malignancy rearing its ugly head.Can crisis dissolve hatred enough to forgive a person? Can leftover emotions of attraction be erased because one has reconciled with his partner? Aniruddha answers a few questions and leaves behind the rest for the audience to figure out. What sets \"Aparajita Tumi\" apart is the treatment. The lyrical quality of Ranjan Palit's lens, the sensitive dialogues of Shyamal Sengupta and a haunting sense of love in the times of loneliness that is partly reminiscent of Mira Nair's \"The Namesake\", saves the film from being a case of old wine in a new bottle. As one enters the life of a solitary woman (Padmapriya) walking down the shore while leafing through the pages of a book gifted during the second coming of her former partner (Yusuf), one ponders the meanings that unfold from her line: \"Relationships are not about bonded labour.\"In terms of performances, Prosenjit comes up with a restrained and mature act. Combining an interesting blend of vulnerability, sensitivity and a person with a glad eye, he comes across as a character for whom life exists in spaces that are not defined by water-tight compartments of right and wrong. Then, there is Padmapriya. She internalizes her role and is all complete with her American accent and broken Bengali. Chandan is the dark horse, who surprises with his queer mix of cynicism, wit and world view (\"lobhe e paap, paap e mukti\"!). Kamalinee, as Chandan's wife and Prosenjit's love interest, has to precariously balance her act to retain the viewers' empathy. Indraneil (both in terms of look and Bangal accent) comes across as a pleasant surprise as Yusuf. He keeps it very understated and yet makes sense while saying: \"Shomoy er sathe sathe mone hoy odhikar gulo chole jaye\". While Soumitra Chatterjee's guest appearance only adds a touch of nostalgia and curiosity value, Tanusree Shankar as Padmapriya's mother is a good choice for the role.If there is another hero in the film, it is Ranjan Palit. All credit goes to the master cinematographer who makes a modestly-budgeted Bengali movie look lyrical. There is loneliness written over the montage of images that tug at the heart even as composer Shantanu Moitra (with his team of Anindya Chattopadhyay, Chandril Bhattacharya, Neha Rungta, Shreya Ghoshal, Hansika Iyer, Monali Thakur, Suraj Jagan and Rupankar) musically articulate what is essentially \"Bola baron\".The film's languid pace might work for some but for the restless others, it runs the risk of making it a boring film. But, the in-film branding is quite an eyesore and no matter how much the director argues about the need to recover money, they remain like irritating ink blots on the rich and aesthetic tapestry of Palit's canvas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623418", "title": "Republic Day: Putting the last first", "text": "In the 21st century, the world is no longer a place where men fighting bloody battles rule the roost. With radical changes in forms of government and exchange of ideas across the globe, the notion of a developed society is increasingly linked with that of empowered women. This remarkable shift in thought can be seen reflected in laws and policies of many countries. While a dip in the sex ratio in Haryana's Jhajjar district took the world by storm in 2011 and the state was forced to take corrective measures, law had to take note of virginity tests performed by the Egyptian army on women protesters after severe condemnation worldwide.In India, women's role in the building of the nation was recognized even before the country gave simultaneous suffrage to both its men and women. Ever since, lawmakers have strived to achieve a more equal society through amendments to the Constitution, formation of institutions to ensure women's rights and policies addressing issues relating to women and children at the central, state and local levels. However, there's much that remains to be achieved.The year 2020 has become a landmark on the Indian calendar ever since a book written by a former president of the country set the date as a mild deadline to achieve a developed India. The deadline can indeed prove beneficial for setting targets and to perform a quick review of the various social and economic indicators. In the given scenario, a look at the picture from the point of view of women and children in the country becomes essential.In any economy, and especially in an agrarian one, women and children are most sensitive to changes in state policies relating to economic issues, food, education, health, family and the environment. The interests of any group cannot be expected to be justly served unless the group finds a minimum optimum representation in the lawmaking bodies of the nation. On the other hand, the struggle for power continues and the women's reservation bill, first introduced in Parliament in 1996 arguing for 33% reservation for women in the central, state and local bodies, still waits an approval from the Lok Sabha. It is debatable if this 25-year long wait will reach an end in the near future, yet the issue definitely seems to have engaged the imaginations of both the government and the civil society. The implications of this bill are varied; from influencing the government budgeting and planning in a gender-sensitive manner to a plan to divert at least 40% of all funds/benefits allocated under development schemes towards women's development , the bill promises much.It is hoped that the increased representation of women in leadership positions will also result in a more effective implementation of legislation addressing discrimination and violations against women. In these circumstances , there is an increased possibility that mechanisms to ensure the effective implementation of Domestic Violence Act, Pre Conception and Pre Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act, the Hindu Succession Amendment Act, the Equal Remuneration Act and the Prevention of Sexual Harassment of women at the Workplace Bill will be in place throughout the country.However, women's leadership in this decade will not remain limited to the Parliament, but will see a parallel growth in the number of women entrepreneurs and on boards within the corporate sector. This is reflected in the target of 50% woman CEOs in the corporate sector by 2020 set by Nasscom. The National Rural Employment guarantee Act and other employment schemes will help achieve targets of equal opportunity of work to the significant population of women living in rural India.Government initiatives will support children, particularly girls, from disadvantaged regions or communities to access education. Measures will be taken to ensure the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009 is implemented. With women stepping into the public sphere in large numbers, the government will be expected to be proactive and address issues of violence against women, provision of shelter, safe transport and gender sensitive policing. Women's rights organisations will continue to play a role in supporting disadvantaged women achieve their rights, advocating gender equality and monitoring the government's accountability towards the implementation of gender initiatives and schemes. Improved neonatal and child health infrastructure will help reduce neonatal, infant and under-5 mortality rates.The final decade towards the 2020 deadline began with a series of political revolutions worldwide. Perhaps the world, and hopefully India, is posed to change for the better.(The writer is director of Centre for Social Research, Delhi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11622720", "title": "Brace for massive traffic snarls", "text": "KOLKATA: All roads to Kolkata Book Fair are set to get clogged in the coming days, despite all-out efforts by the Kolkata Police. An under-construction flyover, mammoth traffic flow on EM Bypass and the Park Circus Connector and paucity of parking space might mar the festive spirit that marks the book fair with the world's highest footfall.On the day of inauguration of the book fair, TOI went on a reality check of the existing traffic troubles and the proportion it might assume during the peak of the fair, particularly on Saturdays and Sundays. Even during the non-peak hours on Tuesday, the traffic on Bypass and Park Circus Connector was not only slow, but also caused such lingering snarls that the traffic police officers had a harrowing time clearing the way for the chief minister's convoy.\"On weekdays, we can somehow manage. But on Sundays, we are just keeping our fingers crossed. The book fair-bound traffic will be mammoth. Last year, at any point of time in the weekend, book fair-bound cars were not less than 7,000. Most of the cars could not be accommodated in the parking lots. This year, it would be no different. The roads adjacent to the fair ground will be clogged for hours,\" said a traffic sergeants.This time, there are two major parking lots - one at Mathpukur on the northern side of the fair ground and three parking lots in Science City, on the southern side of fair. But the collective capacity of these two grounds would not be more than 4,000. \"We have kept a space reserve for another 100 cars at PC Chandra Garden. But not many would like to park their cars there,\" said another traffic sergeant.There are only four pedestrian cross-over points - one on Bypass at Mathpukur side, another on the southern part of Bypass, a little ahead of Ambedkar bridge, the third and fourth, which are the main cross-over points, will be on either side of Science City main gate to the book fair main gate.\"We have no option but to restrict pedestrian movement. Otherwise, traffic on Bypass would go out of gear. So we have barricaded the pedestrian pathway. Book-lovers will only be allowed to walk along these channels. Even though there is no entry fee, there will be chaotic rush at the entry-exit gates.Like earlier years, Surface Transport Corporation will run special buses from Tollygunge, Esplanade, College Street Shyambazar and Howrah to the book fair ground. Buses will mainly take Beleghata and Narkeldanga Connector in north and Rashbehari Connector in south so as to avoid the Park Circus Connector, which remains perpetually clogged. More than half the width of the road is occupied by the construction-site of Bypass-Park Circus flyover.According to traffic police, the cars coming along Park Circus Connector from Park Circus may choose Car Park I as their alighting and boarding point. The cars from north, that is from Ultadanga, may choose the opposite of Hotel ITC as the alighting point and the car can go ahead and take an U-turn below the Ambedkar bridge to park their cars in Science City Parking Lot (Park II). Similarly, the cars from south, that is Garia, can choose the point after Ambedkar bridge as the alighting point and then move to the Science City parking lot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626254", "title": "All the religious books should be burnt: Arif Zakaria", "text": "He's a man of myriad moods and has romanced various genres of acting - from theatre to TV and films - with equal fervour. No wonder, Arif Zakaria's name has become synonymous with refined school of acting, whose portrayals in films like Darmiyaan, Hero, Asambhav, Haunted and musicals like Merchant of Bollywood have been applauded by masses as well as classes.Not one to be bracketed in the so-called arty arena, Arif today has a lineup of A-list Bollywood films in his kitty. We catch up with the virtuoso actor in a candid chat...Commercial callArif will soon be seen in films like Krrish 2 and Jannat 2, which are out-and-out commercial projects. Ask him if this true-blue commercial arena stifles the actor in him, who has been tagged in the same intellectual league as that of Om Puri , Naseeruddin Shah etc., and he replies with a laugh: \"I'm also doing Agent Vinod with Saif Ali Khan. You know, intellectual actors is a pseudonym for average looks. Honestly speaking, it's all about doing quality work because the thin line between the art and commercial cinema has blurred long time back; it's all about entertaining cinema now! I'm happy to do good work, which pleases the actor in me.\"Writer's musingsArif is a multifaceted man with myriad creative hues at his beck and call. From blogging to writing poetry, he does it all with panache. So, is he ready to take the next logical step towards direction? \"I have a flair for the written word. In college, I used to write plays and I have some ideas which I would love to project on screen. So direction will surely happen, but it will have to wait for a while,\" says he.Beyond divides!The actor, who lives on the staple diet of biographies and films, feels that it's the dogmatic approach adopted by the so-called religious police, which has created divides between different cultures. He says rather passionately: \"In my opinion, all the religious books in the world should be burnt! These books have created a lot of wars. The world would be a happier place without dogma.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11622847", "title": "Biometrics in Aadhaar flawless, says report", "text": "HYDERABAD: A detailed analysis of the biometric accuracy and performance based on 8.4 crore Aadhaar enrollments across the country has shown that the present technology being used to gather data was highly accurate.Releasing a report titled 'The role of biometric technology in Aadhaar enrollment', the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) said on Tuesday that this analysis had put to rest the fear that the use of biometric technology in the Indian context would be unreliable and flawed.UIDAI director-general R S Sharma, in press release, said, \"This certainly gives us a high degree of confidence in executing this prestigious project of national importance. It has been affirmed that UIDAI's biometric capability for enrolments is ready to handle high turnout (10 lakh Aadhaars per day), accuracy (99.965% on duplication detection) and scale (database can be of 112 crore people).\"The primary design decisions that have enabled achievement of this high degree of accuracy and scale are combining both 10 finger prints and 2 Iris has greatly improved accuracy of de-duplication. It has also contributed to lowering costs, increasing throughput and fine-tuning accuracy.Based on the analysis, the UIDAI confirms that the enrollment system has proved to be reliable, accurate and scalable to meet the nation's need of providing unique Aadhaar numbers to the entire population. It is asserted that the system will be able to scale to handle the entire population.The analysis resulting from such a large data set is empirically repeatable and statistically accurate.The release quoted UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani as saying, \"The UIDAI biometric system is processing over 100 trillion biometric person matches with a high degree of accuracy each day. This makes it not only one of the most accurate but soon to be the largest biometric system in the world.\"The UIDAI has issued over 10 crore Aadhaar numbers as of December 31, 2011, since issuing the first Aadhaar number on September 29, 2010 in Tembhali in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "college road", "code": "11623501", "title": "City Keralites have a share in home team's win", "text": "COLLEGE ROAD: If the Kerala team continued their legacy in the 57th School National Athletic Championship for the 15th consecutive term, there certainly is a small but important contribution from the Ludhianvi Keralites too in this victory.Standing by the boys and girls from their home state, the Keralites of the city made them feel home since the time teams arrived here. From providing morale support to quilts and winter clothes, they did all they could to comfort the visitors.P N Ramanand, owner of a playway school and a Jamalpur resident, said they came to know that the athletes were not provided proper facilities by the authorities. \"So, we got together and provided them food, water and necessary clothing as many of them were unaware of the weather conditions here,'' he added. Among those present to congratulate the native squad included N V Rajan, Satishan Warrior, Balakrishnan, K Babu, Suman Babu, Alex Sunil and M J Baby.Ramanand, who hails from Allapuzha in Kerala, said he had married a Punjabi girl and settled in Ludhiana 33 years ago. \"My wife expired 10 years ago and I stay with my daughter Sheena now, who is equally delighted with the achievement of our home team,'' he added.\"I am happy for Punjab's finish at second spot too,'' said Sheena, who is born and brought up in Ludhiana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11624306", "title": "BJP supporters protest", "text": "VARANASI: A group of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) supporters staged a demonstration at the party office in Gulab Bagh area on Tuesday to express their protest against the alleged unhealthy culture in the party.The protesters were not happy with the appointment of Pankaj Singh , son of senior BJP leader Rajnath Singh , as the state general secretary in UP.A BJP supporter, Arun Singh , said, \"The BJP is called a party with difference, but unfortunately today, the party is promoting dynastic concept overlooking the committed and efficient party workers.\"He added that there is a great resentment among the party workers for imposing inefficient persons.The protesting BJP workers alleged that the party is deviating from the democratic principles and promoting dynasties just to satisfy big leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626782", "title": "Chris Hemsworth will be a 'great dad'", "text": "Elsa Pataky thinks her husband Chris Hemsworth will be a ''great dad'' to their unborn child because he is so good with his nieces.Chris Hemsworth's wife thinks he will be a \"great dad\".The 'Thor' actor and spouse Elsa Pataky are expecting their first child together and the 35-year-old actress admits she was \"mesmerised\" when she first saw her spouse interact with kids.She said: \"He's the person I feel closest to and we understand each other very well. And then I see him as a great dad - it's important to know if the person you're with will be good at parenthood.\"Chris is very good with kids. His older brother has two little girls and a third on the way. We always spend our holidays together and it's lovely to watch him with his nieces. I was mesmerised by it. He's going to make a great dad. He's very excited.\"Chris and Elsa got married in December 2010 after almost a year of dating but the 'Fast and Furious 5' star thinks starting a family is an even bigger commitment than tying the knot.She told Britain's HELLO! magazine: \"Starting a family is an even bigger commitment for me than getting married, because children involve you with the other person for the rest of your life so you have to be sure.\"Some people fall pregnant without giving it much thought but in our case, it's something we decided together.\"We both had [having children] in mind and I think it's one of the reasons you get married.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11621856", "title": "Nursing students stage protest", "text": "TRICHY: In the wake of the state government's order permitting nursing students studying in private medical colleges to compete for government services, nursing students of a government medical college staged a protest here on Tuesday.As part of the state wide demonstration, about 300 girl students pursuing their Diploma in Nursing at the K A P V G medical college boycotted their work at the Annal Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital in the afternoon. They decided to protest soon after nursing students of the Madras Medical College were arrested on Tuesday for staging a protest against the G O. The hospital administration and the police were caught unawares by the sudden move of the students, which was done without informing the head. Police attempted to pacify the agitated students to abandon their strike, to no avail.Meanwhile, the students formed a human chain and lamented about their situation after the completion of their education. A final-year student who did not wish to be named said that admission for the three-and-half year diploma course in government colleges was done purely on merit, based on their plus two marks. Most of the students pursuing the course in government colleges hailed from poor families. The recent order of the state government permitting students pursuing their diploma from private colleges to also apply for government services, would cut their opportunity, a third-year student said.Unlike students from private colleges, government college students were being trained in handling patients by frequent practical sessions held during the course, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11623907", "title": "Is this really Kochi\u2019s true colour?", "text": "KOCHI: A group of 58 Nigerians who have come on student visas to Kerala has complained about \" racial discrimination\" by the residents of an apartment in Thrikkakara where they have been staying for the last one month.These students from Niger Delta have lodged a complaint in this regard with the chief minister, the home secretary and the director general of police (DGP). On Tuesday, they met city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar and raised the issue.In the complaint, they have alleged that \"a few anti-socials in the apartment are threatening us with dire consequences. They are discriminating against us by calling us Negros and Blacks.\" These Africans are here for training at a private institution, Euro Tech Maritime Academy, and are being sponsored by the Government of Nigeria.\"A few people in the apartment have been targeting us unnecessarily,\" said Andy Toboro, the leader of the group of 55 students, two cooks and a programme coordinator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622674", "title": "Salankar remains cool despite 'Agneepath' victory", "text": "NAGPUR: \"I don't want any compensation. This 2 lakh figure which appeared in the papers is towards the expenses borne by me to fight this legal battle,\" says 29-year-old Aditya Salankar about his judicial victory.The young musician has got a stay order from the District and Session Court in Nagpur, which says that the latest Karan Johar film 'Agneepath' will now release without the song 'O saiyyan'.Salankar had contested that the song is a copy of his composition, which is a part of his soon-to-release music album 'Kaira'. The film will now open in theatres on Republic Day without the song. The music CDs too would have to delete this number.Still a bit bewildered with the victory, for Salankar, who is a civil engineer by profession, the full magnitude has still to sink in. \"This is the first time that I have gone to court. I was warned that I was taking on a very mighty opponent. But I paid little heed to their status. Had it been just the music or the lyrics that were similar, I would have thought of it as a coincidence. But since both are similar it couldn't be so,\" he said.Incidentally, music director duo Ajay-Atul has composed the music of the film and one of the songs 'Chikni Chameli' is already a big hit.Salankar says that it is still a matter of conjecture as to how his song made way into the film. \"I composed it in 2009 and it has been on my website for quite sometime now. It was on January 13 that I got a call from my friends who asked me if I had sold this song to Dharma Productions as a number in 'Agneepath' was almost the same.\"Admitting that he was very depressed with the development, Salankar adds, \"What hurt me was that they did not give a reply to my letter. Perhaps they thought that I was just a nonentity from a small town, trying to wrangle a bit of cheap publicity.\"Ask him if he would have sold his number to the producers had they approached him in time and he says no. \"I have no ambitions to make it big in Bollywood. I have worked hard on my album and have spent 15 lakh to produce it. I don't want to share that effort with anybody,\" he said.Not sure of the production house's next move, Aditya says that some people from Dharma were supposed to appear in court on Tuesday but they didn't. \"All I can say is that I was in the right and so I got justice. Now I would like to release my album as fast as I can. Maybe I too would draw some mileage out of all this,\" he concludes with a smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11623194", "title": "Songs from Papon's album put on i-Tunes", "text": "GUWAHATI: Two songs from Papon's debut album 'The Story so Far' released by Times Music globally has been put on i-Tunes, the popular online music application store, making them the first Assamese numbers to achieve the feat.The album was released on Tuesday at Gateway Grandeur in the city in the presence of noted filmmaker Jahnu Baruah and Assamese musical icons Khagen and Archana Mahanta. This is the singer's debut Hindi studio album eight years after Papon made his grand debut with his Assamese album 'Joonaki Raati' in 2004. A compilation of 10 songs out of which nine have been composed, programmed, produced and sung by Papon, the album, according to the singer, is a labour of love made up of songs that enabled him to reach the platform he has attained now.\"The album is a compilation of songs that I had 'weaved' almost 10 years ago. The album is made up of 10 songs. The album has been made up of different styles and genres,\" said Papon. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11623446", "title": "Turmeric farmers go on a 3-day protest", "text": "COIMBATORE: All turmeric procurement shops in the spice hub of Erode remained closed on Tuesday, the first day of the three-day market boycott protest by growers. Various turmeric farmers' associations are participating in the boycott to demand direct procurement from the government at a minimum support price of Rs 10,000 per quintal.The loss on the first day of the boycott strike was estimated at Rs 20 crore. Growers from Kerala, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka are also participating in the strike.Turmeric farmers across the region are facing severe loss this season as a quintal of turmeric fetches hardly Rs 4,000. Last year, it was Rs 17,000 per quintal. Now the farmers are demanding direct procurement with minimum support price like in the case of rice and sugar cane.The boycott was in response to a call by Turmeric Farmers Associations of India, which has been exerting pressure on the state government to rescue the sector from the crisis. Association president P K Deivasigamani said that turmeric was sold up to Rs. 17,000 per quintal in almost all markets last year, but prices had started declining this year and it now sells at below Rs. 4,000 per quintal.Alleging that the traders have joined hands to form a cartel to quote low prices, Deivasigamani pointed out that turmeric was selling at more than Rs. 8,000 in private open markets at Mumbai and Sodhapuram in Andhra Pradesh. This has resulted in farmers incurring huge losses, he said. Deivasigamani said farmers in Sangli in Maharashtra had already stopped supplying turmeric for sale to the market from Jan 17 itself.Erode Turmeric Merchants Association president R K V Ravishankar said that the market remained closed because farmers had not turned up. Why should we keep it open when farmers are agitating, he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11627470", "title": "RIM: Global issues don't impact Indian users' decision", "text": "NEW DELHI: Are you lost? Marooned? Fired? Hurt?\" Raghav Sood asked in a presentation for a tracker app at a two-day Hackathon app developers event organised by Research in Motion, maker of BlackBerry smartphones, earlier this month.Incidentally, Research in Motion-which will soon offer Sood's 'friend in need' to Black-Berry users in the country--looks lost and marooned and all that, after its global market share and market value tumbled in 2011 and irate investors forced co-CEOs Mike Lazaridis and Jim Balsillie out last weekend, as Google and Apple outsmarted it in the marketplace.In India too, BlackBerry's market share has been sliding as Android phones such as Samsung Galaxy gain ground. While the company has been taking a number of initiatives including launching new handsets and touch phones and getting Indiaspecific apps under its new MD Sunil Dutt , several analysts feel it could prove too little too late.\"Samsung and Nokia have hit it hard in terms of premium positioning , and they don't have a handset below Rs 10,000 in India,\" says a telecom analyst, adding BlackBerry may need to cut prices to regain its market share.Experts say the Canadian company will need to give up its premium positioning and introduce lower-priced handsets if it has to defend its share in a price-sensitive market like India. Analysts say that RIM's strongest differentiator-push mail--may have lost its appeal as other mail and social networking apps gain traction.Global trouble Once a dominant player in the smartphone industry, RIM has lost significant ground in the past couple of years as Google's Android came and conquered the industry , with every second smartphone sold in the world now running on Android.RIM's market share, meanwhile, dipped to 11% in the third quarter of 2011, according to Gartner. In the US, its share halved to 16.6% in November last from 33.5% in November 2010. And its market value has dropped below $9 billion now, from $80 billion in 2008. Its share lost 75% of its value on the Toronto Stock Exchange in 2011 alone.Co-CEOs Lazaridis and Balsillie, credited with designing the firm's rise, quit on Saturday following months of clamouring by restless investors. The new CEO, Thorsten Heins, is already under pressure. A Reuters report quoted Jaguar CEO Vic Alboini, who leads an informal group of 16 RIM shareholders calling for a radical restructuring, as saying, \"If Thorsten really believes that there are no changes to be made, he will be gone within 15 to 18 months.He will be a transitional CEO and this will be a transitional board.\" Last year was particularly forgettable for RIM with a series of failures. Its table PlayBook flopped, the launch of its new line of smartphones was delayed, a massive service outage hit its brand image, and, it cut some 2,000 jobs in June. \"Anybody can say the direction the company is headed to...and it's definitely going to impact its India operations,\" says the telecom analyst quoted earlier.Confident Dutt Research in Motion India MD Sunil Dutt, however , denies that BlackBerry has lost market share in the country. He says the company has been rationalising its channel strategy and this could have impacted volumes over the last two quarters. \"But our revenues are not hit.\" He says RIM has successfully managed to appeal to Indian youth, adding that the global issues do not impact Indian consumers' decision.\"From being an enterprise product , BlackBerry has transformed itself into the consumer space,\" says Dutt. \"We will launch more plans such as BlackBerry messenger for . 5/day,\" he adds. RIM India Marketing Director Krishnadeep Baruah says, \"Our brand equity is intact in India, which is the fastest growing smartphone market in the world.\"RIM indeed has had phenomenal success in India-one of the markets that can either make or break the fortunes of the Ontariobased handset maker. Saurabh Uboweja, director of brand consulting and design firm, Brands of Desire, says it used the peer pressure strategy effectively.\"In a common interest group, if somebody is left out without a BlackBerry, he is likely to feel left out of the group,\" he says. This made BlackBerry a status symbol, while keeping its aspirational status intact. Not any more, perhaps. Last year's global network outage hit the brand value of BlackBerry.Tough market And there's increased competition . Samsung's Android-based Galaxy series has become a huge success. The country's largest phone maker Nokia too has introduced its first Windows-based phone in an aggressive bid to regain its share in the smartphone market.With Samsung and Nokia breathing down its neck, analysts say RIM will have to think out of box to survive. Cutting price could prove to be a runaway hit as happened with the PlayBook, but it may result in diluting the aspirational value of the brand.Rahul Gupta, senior manager (emerging markets) at global research and consulting firm Strategy Analytics, feels Blackberry will have to redesign its strategy for both high-end consumers and mass market consumers. \"The strategy should be to target B and C class cities with sub-Rs 10,000 devices and metro and A class cities with high-end devices,\" says Gupta, adding it will also have to make its services more affordable to reach out to the masses.Uboweja of Brands of Desire, however, believes RIM has already reached a point of no return. \"BlackBerry like Kodak has been guilty of trying to innovate while looking in the rear view mirror. The mobile ecosystem changed significantly with Apple iPhones and then Android based phones in 2007.BlackBerry simply refused to acknowledge this, remained self obsessed and entered this phase of self destruction,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622149", "title": "College teachers slam proposed university Act", "text": "MUMBAI: Representatives of teachers and principals from city colleges have decided to frame a parallel draft of the Maharashtra Public Universities Act (MPUA), 2011. At a workshop on Saturday to discuss the provisions of the proposed Act, teachers, principals and management organizations in the city have unanimously opposed it. The MPUA 2011 report was recently submitted by a panel chaired by Arun Nigvekar.The workshop was jointly organized by the Association of Non-Government Colleges (ANGC) and Bombay University and College Teachers' Union (BUCTU) and association of managements of educational institutes in Maharashtra. BUCTU president, C Sadashivan, said, \"The Act is framed in an undemocratic manner. Primary stakeholders like teachers, principals and college managements have not been given proper representation while formulating the Act.\"Minister of higher education, Rajesh Tope, said, \"Representations from all stakeholders will be considered if their suggestions are feasible.\"The proposed Act changes the senate constitution. The new administrative body, Society Partnership Council (Soul), in place of the senate, termed by the Nigvekar report, will be the bridge between the university and various stakeholders. Sadashivan said most of the boards and officiating bodies which had elected members will be nominated members under the new Act, which hampers the democratic functioning of the university.\"The panel suggests that colleges with an A grade from the National Assessment and Accreditation Council should be recommended to the UGC for Colleges for Potential for Excellence. But there are ambiguities in the clause,\" said Principal T A Shiware, president of ANGC. Even the concept of empowered autonomous colleges and the possibility of a joint degree certification by the parent university and empowered colleges, is not clear, said a principal.Sadashivan added, \"We will request the government to form a panel to look into the proposed Act. Also, principals and college managements' associations will come together to frame a parallel draft and submit it to the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626761", "title": "Chennai girls go partying", "text": "Hey guys, if you thought that the ladies of this town needed some pointers when it came to making merry, you're truly mistaken.For all practical purposes, it could be the girls who could teach you a thing or two about letting your hair down and livin' da vida loca. This recent evening of revelry saw some of the city's sassiest babes make heads turn in more ways than one. The popular night haunt was buzzing with activity as the girls waltzed in, accompanied by their BFFs who had made it a point to indulge in some high-octane celebrations. A little bit of tittle-tattle, lots of laughter and checking out the hunky fellas who were more than happy to be at the centre of the action - the lasses had their hands full this night. Well, what can one say but live it up, ladies...!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622427", "title": "Nabard has Vidarbha in focus", "text": "NAGPUR: With the routine job of increasing the availability of credit to farmers, the National Bank for Agriculture and Development (Nabard) in the coming financial year 2012-13 is also planning development in certain targeted areas in the six distressed districts of Vidarbha.The bank, besides supporting the other banks offering loans to farmers, will be focusing on strengthening three weak areas in agriculture support system like warehousing, dairy (in four selected districts) and specifically increasing productivity of all major crops of Yavatmal district, one of the most suicide-prone districts in the state.The chief general manager of Nabard at Pune, MV Ashok told TOI that though the primary job of the bank was refinancing it is now particularly keen on developing infrastructural support in the region through certain selected areas for this year. \"The district cooperative banks (DCCB) mainly focus on crop loan but as Nabard we are developing projects for improving the warehousing, dairy, producer's organizations through multipurpose farmer's organizations or cooperatives. The other thrust areas include poultry, horticulture, micro-irrigation, wasteland development, fisheries in Amravati, Akola, Washim, Wardha and Yavatmal,\" he said.\"The amount of actual disbursement for the past three years has actually risen substantially. In 2010-11 this figure was 4,450 crore which increased to 5735 crore in 2010-11 and for 2011-12 the projected figure was Rs9640 crore,\" said Lalit Jadhav, the bank DGM at Pune. This year the credit outlay planned for Vidarbha is Rs11,615 crore whereas the state as a whole would get Rs67,122 crore.Stressing particularly on Yavatmal district, Ashok said that importance would be given to increasing productivity of cotton, tur, soyabean, Bengal gram in district with help of state agriculture department , Agriculture University and the NGOs in training and transferring the package of practices for farmers. Yavatmal would thus get a separate Nabard office for the purpose.Nabard is specifically chosen Yavatmal, Washim, Wardha and Bhandara districts for development of dairy activity. It would also include development of link roads for point to point milk collection through state government by supporting the state through rural infrastructural development fund as a part of the infrastructure development project.KS Raghupati, the DGM at Pune, said warehousing is another major thrust area. \"Vidarbha also has very few proper warehouses. To strengthen the warehousing capacity of region is one of the biggest priorities,\" he said.PM Ghole, general manager, and Sudhir Jadhav, Nagpur Nabard officer also addressed the reporters at a press conference organized by the bank later.Facts &amp; FiguresProjected potential credit for state - 67,122Vidarbha's share for 2012-13 - 11,615Main thrust areas would be Yavatmal as a model of productivity increase, warehousing, dairy in four districts; poultry in Gadchiroli district, fisheries, self help groups, developing primary agriculture credit societies into multipurpose farmer's or producers organizations or companiesFunds per area: Crop loan - 6283, micro-irrigation - 484; poultry 319e, farm mechanization - 378; dairy 273, sericulture 91, plantation and horticulture 150, food processing 285, inland fisheries 20Note: All figures in Rs crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11623794", "title": "Notices to five for violating poll code", "text": "KANPUR: The district election authorities have issued notices to the candidates of Congress, BJP, Bahujan Samaj Party and Samajwadi Party for violating the model code of conduct.They have been given a week's time to submit replies. Notices were issued to five candidates for pasting stickers, posters and using party flags more than the prescribed limit on vehicles during campaigning. Yogendra Kumar, returning officer, Kidwainagar said that Congress candidate Ajay Kapoor, BJP candidate Viveksheel Shukla, Samjawadi Party candidate Om Prakash Mishra and BSP candidate Shyam Garg have been issued notices for violation of model code of conduct.Deputy election officer Shailendra Kumar Singh said that notice has also been served to SP candidate from Seesamau assembly Irfan Solanki for using posters, banners and flags above the permitted count at his Rajbi Road office in Arya Nagar. A complaint in this regard was made by Peace Party candidate to the election officials on Monday. Besides, nobody would be allowed to hurt religious sentiments during election campaign.\"The person would be sent to jail and sentenced to three years imprisonment with a hefty fine,\" Singh said. Meanwhile, the general observer, imparting training to district election officials, has directed that atleast 100 mock votes be cast using electronic voting machines (EVMs) before the actual voting procedure on February 23. This instruction was passed on by general observer Sudhir Kumar Rakesh to polling staff summoned for training at the Ragendra Swaroop auditorium on Monday.The nominations for the state Assembly elections would commence from January 28 and the last date for withdrawal of the nominations is February 8.During the meeting at Ragendra Swaroop auditorium, Rakesh said that each candidate can fill upto a maximum of four sets of nomination forms and elections from maximum two Assembly segments. He told the election staff that they should keep a tab on the timings of the nominations filed by the contestants. If any contestant files his/her nomination after 3 pm, his/her nomination form should not be accepted.He told the returning officers to conduct the scrutiny of the nomination forms on time so that they do not accumulate and become pending. If the scrutiny of the forms would be done side by side, it would ease the task, said Rakesh, who is the chief electoral officer of Bihar.He raised this issue in the context that the last date of withdrawal of the nomination forms would be February 7 and 8 and if the withdrawals are not done within this period, the nominations would stand cancelled.District election officer Hari Om, chief development officer Madan Pal, IG Chandra Prakash, DIG Rajesh Rai and other officers attended the meeting.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622680", "title": "2G scam: Delhi HC notice to CBI on Goenka\u2019s plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court on Tuesday issued notice to the CBI and sought its response on the plea of D B Realty MD Vinod Goenka challenging the order on framing of charges against him by the trial court in the 2G scam .Goenka was arrested on April 20, 2011, for his `role' in the scam and was granted bail on November 23 by the Supreme Court. So far, of the 17 accused, 10 have moved the HC challenging the trial court's October 22 order.Goenka, former telecom secretary Siddhartha Behura, Reliance ADAG officials - Group MD Gautam Doshi, Senior VP Hari Nair and Group President Surendra Pipara - and Unitech MD Sanjay Chandra, Rajeev Agarwal and Asif Balwa, directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Private Ltd have moved the HC. Telecom firms, Reliance Telecom Ltd and Unitech have also challenged the lower court's order.Special CBI Judge O P Saini had framed charges against the 17 accused for offences of conspiracy, criminal breach of trust, cheating, forgery and abuse of official position under the IPC and the Prevention of Corruption Act.The Special Judge had said Goenka along with Swan Telecom promoter Shahid Usman Balwa and others, was prima facie involved in the money trail and \"created false documents to show the bribe amount of Rs 200 crore (from DB Group to DMK-run Kalaignar TV) as a loan and with a view to use them in any stage of judicial proceedings and thereby committed offence punishable under Section 193 (giving false evidence) along with 120B IPC (criminal conspiracy)\".CBI had alleged the accused had conspired and caused a loss of Rs 30,984 crore to the state exchequer in the grant of 2G licences to various telecom firms in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622875", "title": "Court: Bangla immigrant votes hamper eviction", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has criticized the government for indulging in \"petty votebank politics\" and preventing action against three crore Bangladeshi nationals, who are illegally staying in the country and enjoying the benefits meant for the citizens of this land.\"It is unfortunate that while genuine citizens of this country continue to suffer in abject poverty, it is petty votebank politics which prevents a firm, resolute and intense government action against the three crore Bangladeshi nationals staying illegally in our country, enjoying the benefits which otherwise are the entitlements of citizens, thereby compelling the courts to step in,\" additional sessions judge Kamini Lau said.The court's remarks came while awarding a four-year jail term to a Bangladesh-based man, who was convicted for illegally staying in the national capital. The court said Fazlu, who was also involved in various other criminal cases in the national capital, was maintaining a family in Bangladesh but had taken advantage of the \"porous border\" to frequently come to India.\"I may observe that convict Fazlu is a foreigner being a Bangladeshi.\"He is maintaining a family in Bangladesh but in an attempt to create his rights in India, is also maintaining a family consisting of two wives (whose citizenship he has withheld from the court) and seven children in India.\"Further, as per information from the investigating officer, Fazlu, taking advantage of the porous border frequently crosses over and while in India has involved himself in a number of criminal cases,\" it said while directing the authorities to deport Fazlu to Bangladesh after his jail term ends.The court said the 47-year-old man placed before it a \"fake\" ration card in order to prove himself a citizen of this country.The judge also referred to a Delhi high court order saying even the division bench had wondered how ration cards were being issued to illegal migrants whereas foodgrains were to be supplied to the needy.Fazlu was arrested on January 9, 2004, at Haiderpur along with five others for allegedly preparing for dacoity.Out of the six accused, four were Bangladeshi nationals.Two of them were declared proclaimed offenders during the trial while one died during the pendency of the case.The court, which convicted Fazlu under the provisions of the Indian Foreigners Act, acquitted him and one Mohan of the charge of preparing for dacoity, as the prosecution failed to prove its case against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11623868", "title": "Phase one of automated transport system in Feb", "text": "KOCHI: The district administration is set to make Kochi the first city in the country to implement the automated transport system (ATS). District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said the first phase of implementation will begin in the first week of February.Tourists and foreigners coming to the city will be able to access route maps and calculate distance with the help of this system.There are plans to introduce a subscription fees for vehicle owners to avail the service on an annual or permanent basis. The details of the project will be finalized after discussion with the officials of Centre for Development of Imaging Technology ( C-DIT), which will be held on Friday.A total of Rs 20 lakh has been earmarked for the project. \"The system will be initially installed at 10 locations in Kochi and if successful it will be extended to other parts as well,\" said Pareeth. Each unit to be fitted in a vehicle will cost between Rs 10,000 and Rs 12,000.The district administration will implement project with the support of companies with technical expertise. Several firms have come up forward for implementing it. \"We have initiated talks with various companies regarding the technical support for the transport system. Once the project is implemented, there will be a permanent solution for the traffic congestion in the city,\" the collector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11623481", "title": "Two trains to pass through city, 7 more await nod", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Southern Railways has agreed to temporarily allow two trains to pass through Coimbatore. The Yashvantpur-Kannur Express will stop in Podanur and the diverted Tirunelveli-Bilaspur Express will stop in Coimbatore. The train to Tirunelveli will operate from March 11.Confirming this, Salem divisional railway manager (DRM) Sujatha Jeyaraj said she was expecting a positive response from the railway board, regarding the rerouting of seven more trains. The Coimbatore Railway Struggle Committee, which met the DRM, presented a detailed memorandum, listing out several public grievances. The DRM said the decision on rerouting the seven trains was with higher authorities.The request to add more coaches to the Mettupalayam passenger is also being looked upon favourably, the DRM told the committee. \"A reservation counter at Peelamedu is not possible since a counter is already available in North Coimbatore station which is only 7km away. But if the Coimbatore MP intervenes there is a possibility, under a special scheme,\" she told the committee.Work on the Singanallur foot over-bridge and platform roof work has come to a standstill due to scarcity of funds. However, funds would be released soon to complete the project, the DRM assured. She also agreed to provide toilet and lighting facilities both at Singanallur and Irugur stations. But lights would be switched on only during train arrivals, in keeping with the energy conservation norms of the railway board. She also agreed that Irugur station was in urgent need of a foot over-bridge and platform, which would be sanctioned soon.The committee asked the DRM to request the divisional railway users consulting committee (DRUCC) to include coordinator GK Nagaraj as a committee member.The memorandum further said Coimbatore will soon expand beyond Peelamedu. Passenger traffic at Peelamedu is increasing day to day. The daily sales at the Peelamedu counter was Rs 3,000 uptil three months ago. After the hike in bus fares, the collection has increased to Rs 12, 000. The collection during Pongal was Rs 22, 000.Peelamedu residents had requested the authorities to consider providing reservation staff at Peelamedu Railway Station. This was when Coimbatore was under Palakkad Division. When Salem Division was formed, Coimbatore was merged with this division and the proposal was put in cold storage due to shortage of staff. \"We request staff from other departments to be deputed to the reservation counter as it is a profit making enterprise,\" the memorandum read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11628993", "title": "Prachi replaces Chitrangda in ad", "text": "The interesting point is that both are also in the same film with John Abraham; they are his love interests who compete for his attentionThe world of endorsements is a fast-changing one. Apparently Prachi Desai has replaced Chitrangada Singh for an endorsement deal. A source says, \"The brand wanted a younger, more vibrant girl for the new commercial. It's a beverage brand that Chitrangda has previously endorsed with Saif Ali Khan against the backdrop of the Taj Mahal , but they have not renewed the contract with her and signed Prachi instead. They wanted someone with mass appeal.\"Prachi shot the ad with Saif a couple of days ago. The actress is currently shooting with Ajay Devgn and Abhishek Bachchan for Rohit Shetty's Bol Bachchan in Film City. The source adds, \"With Prachi's film lined up for release, she was a perfect fit for the brand. She is paired opposite John Abraham and Abhishek this year. Last year, she had been extremely unwell for over a month so she couldn't work too much. Prachi was down with a viral which she just wasn't able to recover from. She was in Pune last month to recover completely from the viral which left her weak. Now she's raring to go.\"The source says Prachi is looking forward to her film, Shrishti Behl's I, Me Aur Main, with John. \"\"John Abraham plays the protagonist. It is about him and the women in his life, played by Prachi and Chitrangda. There also they clash but on a personal level as both fall in love with John and want him to decide whom to choose between them both.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11624380", "title": "Pune railway station block extended till January 30", "text": "PUNE: Railway passengers will continue to face hardships at the Pune railway station as the ongoing \"block\" has now been extended up to January 30. The work was supposed to be completed by January 25.Platform number six at Pune station is not being used for arrival/departure of trains owing to the block. Six local trains to Lonavla will run from Shivajinagar and Khadki stations, while the passenger trains to Satara, Kolhapur and Solapur will run from Ghorpadi and Hadapsar stations instead of Pune station, while the block is underway.The block, planned for apron rehabilitation work and expansion of platform number six, began on January 16. The block has been extended as the work has not been completed, according to the railway administration. The capacity of the platform is being augmented to accommodate 24 coaches from the existing 18 coaches. With this, the platform will be able to handle traffic of long-distance trains having more than 20 coaches.As per the revised plan, Lonavla-Pune local trains leaving from Lonavla at 2 pm and 3 pm will terminate at Khadki station, while the Lonavla-Pune local train leaving at 5.30 pm will terminate at Shivajinagar. These trains will not travel up to Pune station.The Pune-Talegaon and Pune-Lonavla local trains leaving Pune station at 3.40 pm and 4.25 pm will remain cancelled up to Khadki. These trains will leave from Khadki at 3.51 pm and 4.36 pm respectively. The local train to Lonavla scheduled to leave at 7.05 pm from Pune station will leave from Shivajinagar at 7.11 pm.Among passenger trains, the Kolhapur-Pune and Satara-Pune passenger trains will terminate at Ghorpadi station and will not travel up to Pune station. These trains will start their return journeys from Ghorpadi station at 9.24 am (Kolhapur) and 5.12 pm (Satara). The Manmad-Pune passenger train will terminate at Hadapsar station, while the Pune-Solapur passenger train will leave from Hadapsar at 8.27 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11621945", "title": "Nursing students stage protest", "text": "TRICHY: In the wake of the state government's order permitting nursing students studying in private medical colleges to compete for government services, nursing students of a government medical college staged a protest here on Tuesday.As part of the state wide demonstration, about 300 girl students pursuing their Diploma in Nursing at the K A P V G medical college boycotted their work at the Annal Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital in the afternoon. They decided to protest soon after nursing students of the Madras Medical College were arrested on Tuesday for staging a protest against the G O. The hospital administration and the police were caught unawares by the sudden move of the students, which was done without informing the head. Police attempted to pacify the agitated students to abandon their strike, to no avail.Meanwhile, the students formed a human chain and lamented about their situation after the completion of their education. A final-year student who did not wish to be named said that admission for the three-and-half year diploma course in government colleges was done purely on merit, based on their plus two marks. Most of the students pursuing the course in government colleges hailed from poor families. The recent order of the state government permitting students pursuing their diploma from private colleges to also apply for government services, would cut their opportunity, a third-year student said.Unlike students from private colleges, government college students were being trained in handling patients by frequent practical sessions held during the course, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11625875", "title": "Lara Dutta returns home with her baby girl", "text": "The newest mother in B-town returned home. And our photographer Satish Malavade was there to capture Lara Dutta , visibly tired but with an unexplainable glow.According to a source from Lilavati Hospital, where Lara gave birth to a baby girl on January 20, 2012, the actress was to be discharged at 10 am on Tuesday.But the shutterbugs had to wait till 4 pm to capture the moment. Apparently, the actress, who was to fly out to Bangalore after being discharged from the hospital, waited longer than needed as she got information that her flight was postponed. She was accompanied from the hospital by her father, father-in-law and mother-in-law.And with her motherly instincts kicking in, Lara arranged the great escape from the media by fleeing from the hospital in a friend's car. At her residence in Bandra West, Mahesh's father was seen taking the baby into the building. Seen in the pictures are the new grandparents and Lara entering Anstel apartment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622298", "title": "Haroon's arrest was key to cracking case: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the announcement that it has cracked the 13/7 case, Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) officers came out with several revelations on Tuesday. First, they said that Haroon Rashid's arrest in September 2011 led them to discover that the Indian Mujahideen (IM) perpetrated the 13/7 blasts. Second, the SIM card trail led them to discover that Imran in Darbhanga, Bihar, was in fact IM founding member Yasin Bhatkal.ATS officers also said that Bhatkal assembled the bombs in Mumbai and that there was only one scooter bomb, at Zaveri Bazar. The Opera House bomb was ferried there in a scooter, but kept in a dustbin. The third bomb in the 13/7 blasts, which killed 27 and injured 137, was placed on a bus stop in Dadar.ATS officers said on Tuesday that Mumbra resident Haroon Naik's arrest on his return from the Middle East in September led the agency to conclude that the IM was involved. The conspiracy was allegedly hatched in January and Rs 10 lakh sent to India through hawala channels last February.\"Naik sent Rs 10 lakh in February from UAE to Mumbai for the 13/7 blasts,\" said an ATS officer. \"Six to seven months after the money was sent, Naik returned to Mumbai from Jeddah. He was apprehended at the Mumbai airport. During interrogation, he admitted to sending the money through hawala channels. By September, we had zeroed in on the outfit behind this, but did not declare it since we wanted to nab all the accused first,\" said an ATS officer. Before Naik's arrival in India, there had been a lookout notice for him put out by the ATS.When asked whether Naik knew Naqi Ahmed, who has been arrested in the blasts case, the police officer said, \"We are yet to take Naik into custody. Once he is in our custody, we will confront him with Naqi. However, it is not necessary that the two know each other since in terror outfits the work is done only on a need-to-know basis.\" Naik is currently in Arthur Road jail in a separate case for carrying fake currency of over Rs 80,000.The ATS has also arrested Naqi's friend Nadeem Akhtar in the blasts case. The two have been remanded to police custody till February 2. The agency will take Naik into custody soon. Three persons, including IM founding member Yasin Bhatkal and two suspected Pakistanis, Tabrez and Waqqas, are wanted in the case.\"The two scooters in which bombs were planted were stolen from south Mumbai by Naqi and Nadeem,\" said a senior ATS officer. \"Later, these stolen vehicles were handed over to the two suspected Pakistanis in the Do Tanki area near Grant Road. Naqi told us he did not know where these scooters were taken afterwards.\" Sources said that while one bomb-laden scooter was parked at Zaveri Bazar, another bomb was kept in a scooter's boot and a planter rode it to Opera House. \"He parked the scooter there and put the bomb in a dustbin,\" said a police source.\"It was Bhatkal who assembled the bombs. He acted on the instructions of his mentor, Riyaz Bhatkal,\" said the ATS officer. However, Riyaz has not been shown as a wanted accused in the case.ATS chief Rakesh Maria also said that the agency has arrested eight people, including an MTNL agent, Ganesh Vitthal Tikole, who led them to uncover a huge SIM card racket. \"We found that the IM men were using cards procured on fake documents. This led us to Bihar. In fact, the SIM cards used by the accused were provided by one Mumtaz Khan, a SIM card retailer. We have arrested Khan in a cheating case,\" said Maria. \"We were trailing the SIM card racket and found that Imran (in Darbhanga) was none other than Yasin Bhatkal.\"Bhatkal false alarm?After asking the public to come forward with information, ATS chief Rakesh Maria said a woman called up the agency on Tuesday to say she saw someone resembling Yasin Bhatkal travelling in a Central Railway train at around 6 pm on Monday. She said the man resembled photos of Bhatkal released by the ATS and published in the media. Maria said that after investigations turned up nothing, the woman was called to the ATS office and shown Bhatkal's picture on Tuesday. She then said the man she saw looked about 50 to 60% like the man in the photograph. Police said they are following all leads. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11620509", "title": "City plans mega bash to mark Chinese New Year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The five-decade old 'Hindi-Chini Bhai-Bhai' slogan is all set to get a new twist - 'Gujarati-Chini Partner-Partner'. Aapnu Amdavad is now gearing up to host a grand Chinese New Year celebration on January 26.From tips to use chopsticks to recipes for authentic hakka noodles; and from lessons in traditional Chinese tea to crash course in Mandarin language, the celebrations are set to teach Amdavadis the basics in Chinese etiquettes.Interestingly, for the first time in the city, Chinese dance troupes will perform traditional lion and dragon dance and artists will sing the Chinese New Year song. A film festival and a quiz show on India and China have also been organized.The Gujarat chapter of the India China Economic &amp; Cultural Council (ICEC) is lining up the celebrations and firming up plans with the governments of Gujarat and China. The event is seen as a precursor to the Vibrant Gujarat summit in 2013 where the state government is expecting Chinese companies to play a big role.\"After the visit of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , there is a high level of awareness and interest in China about Gujarat. As culture acts as a bridge between people from different regions, the new year gave us perfect reason to celebrate this new friendship and create awareness about China in Gujarat,\" said Zhang Zhihong, counsellor - cultural, Embassy of Peoples Republic Of China in India.The event has been organized at Karnavati Club, where a large Chinese contingent including diplomats and media persons would participate.\"We couldn't get a better day - Republic Day - for organizing the Chinese New Year festivities in the city. The celebrations will serve as kaleidoscope to Chinese culture for Amdavadis. The culinary delights to be served at Chinese food festival and dance shows will add to the experience,\" said Jagat Shah, chairman ICEC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622363", "title": "IPS officers also own huge flats in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: With police chief Arup Patnaik issuing eviction notices over official quarters, guilty IPS officers are expected to swing into action. According to a senior police officer, they are waiting to be allotted houses and brought the anomaly to Patnaik's notice a day after he took charge.\"A constable or a police inspector who fails to vacate his official quarters is evicted the next day, and the principle should apply to IPS officers too,\" said the officer. \"Patnaik took a strong stance-accordingly, a survey was conducted and eviction orders were served on 12 IPS officials.\"The official observed that not only did some IPS officials retain their government quarters in Mumbai as well as at their new place of posting but also owned huge flats in Mumbai.\"It's shocking that such people should illegally occupy government quarters,\" he said. \"In certain cases, it was confirmed that the rent received by some IPS officers for their flats, which they had leased out, was more than their monthly salary.\" More shocking, he added, was the fact that all the IPS officials were occupying quarters meant for assistant sub-inspectors, sub-inspectors and police inspectors, directly controlled by the Mumbai police commissioner, even though they were eligible for bigger quarters from the general pool maintained by the general administration department.DCP Ankush Shinde told TOI he had permission to stay till May 31. Nanded range IG Sandeep Bishnoi said while he had not received any notice, he was vacating his official quarters. Another senior IPS officer, D Kanakratnam, who has been asked to pay a penal rent of Rs 9 lakh, claimed he did not receive any notice. He said he had been unable to vacate his Mumbai quarters due to a \"personal problem\" but was now leaving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11622144", "title": "Digambar Kamat faces \u2018MFC\u2019 challenge", "text": "MARGAO: In a move that could upset chief minister Digambar Kamat's election plans in Margao, two of his detractors-ex-Margao Municipal Council (MMC) chairperson Savio Coutinho and councillor and ex-Congressman Avinash Shirdokar-have joined forces to form 'Margao Front For Change' (MFC).While addressing mediapersons in Margao on Tuesday, Coutinho and Shirdokar said that their forum would field an independent candidate in the upcoming assembly election and criticized Kamat in the presence of MMC councillor Sangeeta Audi and other MFC members-Sanjay Audi, Prasad Wanskar and Pradeep Naik.The forum members lashed out at Kamat for \"failing to develop Margao city despite holding the highest post in the government, for fooling the youth with government job assurances, the spate of thefts and traffic woes in the city\". Recalling how she was attacked at Moti Dongor recently, Audi said that Margao was unsafe for women.Shirodkar and Audi, who were a part of the CM-backed council panel, pointed out that the panel never returned to power after their term ended \"due to the games played by Kamat\".Alleging that he was aware of the \"games being played by the Congress party\", Coutinho said that the BJP would field a Margao candidate that Kamat approved of.When asked if his decision to form the MFC had anything to do with him being able to influence his wife and Youth Congress president Pratima Coutinho's chances of contesting on the Congress ticket, Coutinho said that the issues were separate and that he was sticking to his decision irrespective of the scenario. When asked to clarify if he was a Congress party member or not, Coutinho diplomatically replied saying he was a Congress member in the past.When pointed out that he had similar plans to contest five years ago but backed out, the former MMC chairperson said that a lot had changed in the last five years and that Kamat no longer enjoyed the confidence of his past voters.When asked who their MFC candidate would be, Coutinho said that they were taking each decision in a step-by-step manner and would announce the candidate's name in due time.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622367", "title": "HC raps bank for stopping old staffer's pension", "text": "MUMBAI: Stating that depriving former employees of their pension rights was an arbitrary move, the Bombay High Court has directed Allahabad Bank to restart the fund of an 87-year-old man.\"Pension constitutes an important source of wherewithal for senior citizens so that they can live the twilight years in dignity,\" the HC said. Criticizing the nationalized bank's conduct in withholding the pension of an old employee, the court said service conditions set by the state authorities could not be modified arbitrarily.\"The deprivation in the present case has taken place patently in violation of law and flouts the guarantee of equal protection under Article 14 of the Constitution,\" said a bench of Justice D Y Chandrachud and Justice Amjad Sayed on January 19, while deciding in favour of Shapoor Mehta who retired from Allahabad Bank in 1986 after working there for 39 years.Last October, the bank discontinued the pension scheme in lieu of gratuity pending amendment to the Officers Service Regulations and stopped paying Mehta a monthly pension of Rs 5,660. In HC, Mehta's counsel K J Presswala said retirement benefits were not a largesse and sudden stopping of pension of an 87 year old who was an \"award staff\", was blatantly unlawful, unconstitutional and against natural justice. Pension was governed by the Pension Rules that were in force even prior to nationalization of banks and the same terms were to continue later, he said.Opposing the petition, bank's counsel Ashish Mehta said as the bank, following a Supreme Court order, had to pay gratuity under the Payment of Gratuity Act 1972 only, it was within its rights to stop paying pension. Finding \"no merit\" in the argument, the HC said, \"As a matter of first principle,Retirement benefits, including pension and gratuity, constitute a valuable right in property.... Where the employer is a public sector firm, the rights are constitutionally protected and their deprivation must stand scrutiny. Employers cannot grant or withhold retirement benefits at their whim and caprice.\"Pointing to the flaw in the bank's argument, the HC said the SC held that \"pension and gratuity were separate retirement benefits and so, the statutory right to paying gratuity could not be withheld on the grounds that the employees received pension\". The HC said the SC judgment \"has been met with a reprisal by depriving employees their right to a pension. Nothing more arbitrary can be conceived of.\" Stopping such payment unilaterally by an executive act was arbitrary as the SC had held that the employees were entitled to gratuity in addition to pension as getting gratuity was a statutory right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11627044", "title": "HP launches TouchSmart620 3D touch PC", "text": "NEW DELHI: HP has expanded its portfolio of 3D devices with the new HP TouchSmart620 3D Edition PC.\"HP's latest 3D technologies are designed to make the interaction between people and technology more intuitive and rewarding. We're enhancing the different aspects of the 3D experience, from introducing the new entertainment experience on the TouchSmart620 3D Edition PC to display technologies for presenting 3D content,\" said Vinay Awasthi, senior director, products &amp; marketing, Personal Systems Group, HP India.With the new HP TouchSmart620 3D Edition PC, users can create their own 3D videos and pictures with the TouchSmart's built-in webcam and share them with family and friends online or through the PC's 23-inch (58.4 cm) diagonal Full HD display. There's also a TriDef Ignition game player.The TouchSmart620 3D Edition reclines up to 60 degrees, enabling users to adjust the display's position for a comfortable experience or reduce glare while viewing 3D content with the Active Shutter 3D Glasses.In addition to features like LinkUp Technology and Beats AudioTM, the HP TouchSmart620 3D Edition also offers the latest version of TouchSmart software, graphics and processors. The next-generation TouchSmart 4.0 interface allows users to customize their user experience by multiplying the workspace with a scrolling desktop that expands horizontally, and dragging and dropping their favourite files and apps onto the desktop's carousel.Some other features include: integrated premium stereo speakers coupled with Beats Audio; Blu-ray and DVD playback software; 1GB ultra-fast GDDR5 graphics memory; and Win7 Home Premium (64-bit).HP TouchSmart620 3D Edition PC is available at MRP of Rs 92,999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "11622116", "title": "Cast vote to teach Congress a lesson: BBSM", "text": "BICHOLIM: Subhash Velingkar of Bhartiya Bhasha Suraksha Manch (BBSM) said casting the valuable vote is the foremost weapon to teach a lesson to the Congress party who are pretending to be sleeping over the question of medium of instruction is concerned.He was addressing the gathering on the occasion of one day convention of parents organized by recently formed PTA mahasangh of Bicholim taluka at Deendayal Bhavan hall Bicholim on Monday.Adv Pandurang Nadkarni, Prof. Anil Samant, Kanta Patnekar, Ramchandra Garde, Srikrishna Dhond, Arun Naik were present on the occasion.Velingkar further said this is the preplanned conspiracy of the Congress led Coalition government to finish the local languages in order to plant western culture in Goa.Earlier, Srikrishna Dhond welcomed the gathering. Function was compered by Arvind Sinekar while, Arun Naik proposed vote of thanks.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11623217", "title": "Frequent attacks on docs in Saharsa worry IMA", "text": "PATNA: The Indian Medical Association (IMA), state branch, on Tuesday expressed its concern over the apathetic attitude of the Saharsa district administration towards increasing incidents of attacks on doctors.A meeting of the state branch was held here under the presidentship of IMA state branch president Dr Parmanand Prasad Pal to discuss the condition of Saharsa doctors.A letter sent by the president, IMA, Saharsa branch, to the state chapter said that in the recent past, there were several incidents of assault on doctors during duty hours by anti-social elements. The letter further mentioned that in protest against the apathetic attitude of the district administration, the doctors at Saharsa had gone on token strike on January 19.The state IMA branch is concerned over the apathetic attitude of the Saharsa district administration in preventing such incidents and expressed its solidarity with the cause of Saharsa doctors, according to state IMA secretary Dr Rajiva Ranjan. The members present on the occasion, expressing concern, expected proper response from the local administration, which should take action against the culprits immediately, he said.Dr (Capt) V S Singh, Dr S L Mandal, Dr D K Choudhary, Dr Manju Geeta Mishra, Dr Basant Singh, Dr Sahajanand Prasad Singh, Dr B K Karak, Dr Arun Kumar Thakur, Dr A K Vatsayayan, Dr Sachchidanand Kumar and Dr Harihar Dikshit were prominent among those attending the meeting.BESA office-bearers: Ashok Kumar Verma was elected president of the Bihar Engineering Services Association (BESA) while Rajeshwar Mishra was elected as the general secretary at the two-day annual general body meeting of the BESA, which concluded on January 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622609", "title": "Capital galleries roll out art-illery", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's just four years old but the India Art Fair has already given Delhi its \"art week\". Even before the doors open to the big, white tents of IAF at its new venue in Okhla on Thursday, the capital's galleries have rolled out the heavy art-illery.The list of shows is staggering: the Skoda art prize show at Lalit Kala Akademi, the Iranian art show at Devi Art Foundation, one of the biggest shows of Bengal art at the Delhi Art Gallery and a new show titled Crossings at the Kiran Nadar Museum of Art.And that's even before you get to NSIC grounds brimming over with the hottest names in modern and contemporary art. It is estimated that there is around Rs 50-70 crore worth of art for sale this year.Last year, 138,000 people, equivalent to Frieze and Miami Basel combined, visited the fair. The organizers are expecting many more to wander the aisles this year even if some of them do bring down an occasional installation (an over-eager visitor brought Subodh Gupta's bartans down in a clatter last year). From bearded artists to LV-toting socialites, they're all expected to come - some to buy and others to see and be seen. Since there is masses of art, almost too much to absorb, here's a quick guide to the event...This year, the international contingent has grown sizably. When the fair started in 2008, it was almost totally a desi affair. This year almost 50% of the galleries (43 of 93) are from abroad and include blue-chip names like White Cube, Lisson and Hauser &amp; Wirth. They have also brought their stars. White Cube is bringing British contemporary artist Marc Quinn while Hauser's line-up includes Louise Bourgeois, one of the most influential contemporary women artists, as well as new works by Subodh Gupta and Bharti Kher. Damien Hirst's gallery Other Criteria is bringing original Hirst works. Lisson Gallery has Marina Abramovic, a renowned performance artist who has had a stranger point a loaded gun at her head, sat in silence for 700 hours, and arranged her own funeral.But will this translate into sales, especially since Indian collectors have a marked preference for homegrown artists? James Lavender, associate director, Hauser &amp; Wirth, is confident.\"As with any growing collector base, it invariably begins with collecting art by local artists and then broadens to include artists on an international level, and the works that we plan to present at the fair reflect this development. Many of the collectors in India we are close with have an international outlook and are travelling, and looking at work, all over the world.\"Even some Indian galleries have brought foreign artists. Tushar Jiwarajka of Mumbai-based Volte has a lineup of six artists including international names like William Kentridge.The Indian galleries are bringing out their marquee artists as well as the hot new things (or so they hope). Established names like Bharti Kher (ceramic samosas), Manjunath Kamath, Zarina Hashmi will hang alongside promising names like Sujata Bajaj and Rina Banerjee. Chatterjee &amp; Lal have teamed up with Chemould gallery to bring Pakistani artist Rashid Rana's spectacular photographic mosaic.A unique performance art marathon organized by NGO Khoj is one of the most interesting sideshows. In an event that has nothing to do with commerce and everything to do with art, artists like Subodh Gupta, Vivan Sundaram and Pushpmala N will put together an evening of live performances at the Blue Frog in Mehrauli on January 27. \"some of the performances will challenge the notion of performance as mere spectatorship,\" says Pooja Sood, founder of Khoj.For some high-brow stimulation, there is the speakers' forum where debates will be held on issues such as why you don't have to be a millionaire to collect art.Speakers include Tim Marlow, director of exhibitions, White Cube; Yuko Hasegawa, chief curator of the Museum of Contemporary Art, Tokyo; and Sophie Duplaix, chief curator, Centre Pompidou. For those who want an art education, Swiss curator Nadia Schneider Willen will lead a curated walk through the fair. Each walk will be about half an hour long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11622724", "title": "Chaos greets boi mela guests", "text": "KOLKATA: Heaps of wooden planks, polythene sheets, scaffoldings and bamboo poles greeted Italian author Beppe Severgnini, chief minister Mamata Banerjee and other dignitaries at the book fair inauguration on Tuesday.It was a familiar picture of stalls being put together, electric wires dangling from posts and signboards being fixed in a vain attempt to meet the deadline. Even as the fair opened on Tuesday, less than 20% of the 785 stalls were ready to greet book-lovers. The fair ground resembled a construction site with books nowhere in sight. While the Publishers' and Booksellers' Guild pointed at the late handover of Milan Mela - the venue - stall-owners alleged that things have been further delayed by the poor superstructure that was given to them for stalls.Even as the inaugural programme got off with an orchestra, the sound of hammers hitting nails on planks often drowned the music. \"We had to restructure the stall, for it was in very poor shape when the guild handed it over to us. Our decorators had to virtually re-build it. Also, there was hardly enough time to get the stall ready. You have to pay more if decorators are asked to build it quicker,\" said Diptangshu Mondol of Deep Prakashan. Small and medium publishers suffer the most, for they lack the manpower and finances to get their stalls ready in a matter of days, Mondol added.A walk around the park revealed a sorry state of affairs. Few stalls, including those inside the halls, had a complete structure. Barring the four walls and the shed, nothing was ready. Shelves and racks were being built while books remained dumped in one corner at most stalls. Many preferred not to fetch their books.Some of the bigger publishers, including Rupa, Oxford, Family Book Store and Dey's were, however ready to display books.Smaller publishers blamed the system for the chaos. Unless the fair ground was handed over to them at least a fortnight before the inauguration, it will continue, said Sanjib Bhattashali of Sanjib Prakashan. \"You can't build a 3,000 sq ft or even a 1,000 sq ft stall in four days. You need at least 10 days for it. So, we need the ground earlier,\" he said. The guild's plan of building stalls for smaller publishers won't work, he felt. \"They will insist on a uniform design and size which may not be acceptable to all,\" he said.Rising expenses were also weighing them down and forcing them to give in to the whims of decorators. \"They take their own sweet time, for we can't pay them promptly. They also take advantage of the fact that we need the work to be finished fast and overcharge,\" said Mondol. Bhattashali pointed out that a cost of erecting a 1000 sqft stall worked out to Rs 12,000. \"Add the hiring charges for electrical fittings and the power consumption charge and it becomes very expensive. We should, at least, be given enough time to work on our stalls so that we can keep a check on the expenses,\" he said.The guild, pointed out some publishers, was responsible for the chaos since it was not interested in hiring the ground earlier. \"It saves on the hiring charges for the four halls which are quite steep. Unless they are ready to shell out more, you will never have a ready fair on the inaugural day,\" said a publisher.Some of the publishers also alleged that they have not been given the stalls promised to them. \"The guild members have the privilege of choosing their stalls. The rest have to just accept what they are allotted. This is highly discriminatory,\" said Mondol.Even as Mamata Banerjee urged book-lovers to ignore the minor glitches, the state of preparedness left most visitors disappointed. Hundreds who visited the fair hoping to catch a first glimpse of the stalls left disheartened.\"We shall ensure that the work is finished off in the next two days,\" said Guild official Sudhanshu De.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "11621065", "title": "Fishermen return to freedom with tales of Lankan hospitality", "text": "RAMESWARAM: There was a pleasant twist to the tale of the nine fishermen who returned to Rameswaram from Talaimannar in Sri Lanka on Tuesday morning. In sharp contrast to the harrowing experience of fishers who have been in the custody of Sri Lankan naval personnel in the past, this lot was treated well by their captors.The fishermen, who arrived in an Indian Coast Guard vessel at Mandapam, told the media that they were treated with dignity and given good food and proper accommodation during their stay at Sri Lankan naval base in Talaimannar. The naval personnel took them into custody on Saturday afternoon after two of their boats developed broke down in Lankan waters. Chinnian, Malaichamy, Tamilselvan and Selvam from one boat and Rajamanickam, Packia Joseph, Mariappan, Vijayakumar and the owner of the second boat, Ramu, were taken to the naval base where they were held for two days. On Monday night, the Sri Lankan navy released them at the International Maritime Boundary Line and the Indian Coast Guard took custody from there on.Mariappan and Packia Joseph told the media that they were stranded in Lankan waters near Katchatheevu when the navy personnel found them. They casually asked the fishermen what the problem was. Upon learning that the vessels had broken down, they towed the boats to the naval base at Talaimannar. \"We were treated in a dignified manner and they provided us good food and decent accommodation throughout our stay there,\" they said.Later, Ramu told TOI on phone that the naval personnel spoke to them in Tamil. \"We feared the worst. But they treated us well. At Talaimannar, they repaired my boat,\" he said. \"Besides food, they gave the fishermen comfortable beds to sleep and bed sheets. They didn't torture us in the name of inquiry but just asked how we ended up in that area. When we explained the problem, they helped us in very humane way,\" he said.Such treatment is new to fishermen, according to Jesudoss, a fisherman at Rameswaram jetty. He had a tough time when he fell into the hands of the Lankan Navy during the peak of the civil war in the island nation some years ago. \"They tortured me to know if I belonged to LTTE. Being tall and black, they mistook me for an LTTE cadre,\" he said. \"After the inquiry, they took me to the boat but pushed me into the sea with my hands tied behind. Fortunately, the rope loosened when I fell in the water. By grace of God I survived,\" said Jesudoss.However, many in the fishing community mentioned that there is a palpable change in the attitude of Lankan naval personnel towards Indian fishermen. Those who were stranded in Lankan waters during Cyclone Thane were treated well, according to them. \"We feel that their attitude changed after we disassociated ourselves from the attack on Thirukumaran Natesan, a relative of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapakse , by Tamil nationalist groups when he visited the temple here,\" said Selvakumar, a boat owner from Rameswaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11622706", "title": "Cong-NCP boycott Gondia Zilla Parishad general body meet", "text": "Gondia: The opposition Congress-Nationalist Congress Party members in the Gondia zilla parishad went belligerent seeking transparency in the functioning of the zilla parishad - especially in the building and construction, education and health departments. The opposition even boycotted the ZP's January 23 general body meeting.However, ZP vice president Vinod Agrawal dismissed opposition protest as and termed it as preplanned and routine.As soon as the general body meeting began, leaders of opposition parties Yogendra Bhagat (Congress) and Narendra Turkar (NCP) began raising questions regarding the alleged irregularities and corruption in building and construction, health and education departments.In reply, the ruling party's contended that the zilla parishad's 394-page annual report has all the details and information sought by the opposition. The opposition then asked as to how did the House pass a voluminous report in two-three hours? Procedue mandates that the report should have been circulated among the members a week before the general body meeting. Failure to do so, the opposition argued, the ruling party wanted to hide something from the House. In protest, the opposition staged a walkout.Later, addressing media persons, the opposition leaders alleged that works under employment guarantee scheme were executed by favouring a few select contractors. Either the tenders for some EGS works were not floated or were not displayed properly, the leaders alleged. Same was the case with health and education departments and even the zilla parishad members were not informed about the various activities, they claimed.But, Agrawal said the opposition was trying to cry hoarse in an effort to cover up their non-performance during their tenure at the helm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11622903", "title": "Finding women candidates a tough task for major parties", "text": "AKOLA: 50% reservation for women in the municipal corporation is proving to a daunting task as most of the major political parties are finding it difficult to get candidates.None of the major political parties, including Congress-NCP, BJP-Shiv Sena, BRP-BMS, Left Front and the front of smaller parties is finding it difficult to field women with elective merit for 37 seats in the 73-member Akola Municipal Corporation.Sources said that leaders of various parties have now decided to field wives, daughters, daughters-in-law and relatives. However, the parties could not declare the list even as the poll process began today.Sources said that wives and other women relatives are being fielded mostly by gangsters, matka kings, gambling den owners and illegal trade businessmen. The rule by proxy would thus continue, sources said.Meanwhile, aspirants are frustrated as no final voters list is published even as the election process began with the filing of nominations. A company from Pune did not provide voters' list till Monday evening but was shown on the internet.Assistant election officer Vishakha Motghare said that 1,800 copies of the voters list have been sought for 50 prabhags each. Arrangements are being made to get more copies. The final voters list would be sold at the rate of 60 paise per copy, Motghare said.Sources said that the state election commissioner has urged the state government to provide 2 crore for conducting elections as the AMC is totally bankrupt and unable to meet the expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622569", "title": "Tourism ministry clears 45 projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: The tourism ministry recently cleared 45 projects, including Rs 57 crore for Uttar Pradesh and Rs 15 crore for Punjab. The projects cleared for UP is the Agra circuit for the development of the Taj Mahal and its surrounding areas, the Varanasi-Sarnath-Ramnagar circuit and the development of Mathura-Vrindavan as a mega destination, including the renovation of Vishramghat.In Punjab, the ministry has allocated Rs 15 crore for the Amritsar destination. Other new projects include development of the national park in Assam covering Manas, Orang, Nameri, Kaziranga, Jorhat, Sibsagar and Majouli, development of Dilli Haat in Janakpuri in west Delhi.Continuing its focus on J&K;, the ministry has given over Rs 38 crore for three projects, including Mubarak Mandi Heritage complex in Jammu, Naagar Nagar circuit (Watlab via Hazratbal, Tulmullah, Mansbal) and Wullar lake in Srinagar and development of mega circuit in Leh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhimumbai", "code": "11622637", "title": "13/7 blasts: Centre backs Maharashtra cops on Naquee arrest", "text": "NEW DELHIMUMBAI: The Centre on Tuesday came out in support of Maharashtra ATS over Naquee Ahmed's arrest in connection with the 13/7 blasts, seeking to seal an ugly feud between the country's leading counter- terror agencies which has exposed that the costly lessons of 26/11 may not have yet been learnt.A day after sources in the Delhi Police's Special Cell, its anti-terror wing, claimed that Naquee was actually an 'informer' who would have led them to Ahmed Siddi Bappa aka Yasin Bhatkal and that the ATS had queered their pitch by arresting, Union home secretary R K Singh publicly defended the Maharashtra cops. \"We are happy with the Maharashtra ATS who have cracked the case. They have come to the conclusion (Naquee being part of the 13/7 conspiracy) after investigation and have worked out the case based on evidence which will be put through legal procedure,\" said Singh.Asked about the claim attributed to sources in the Delhi Police's Special Cell, the home secretary said, \"It is true that IB and Delhi Police were running an operation where he was the informer... But the fact that he was an informer in a particular operation does not preclude the fact that he could have been or was involved in the bomb blast\".Singh's remarks came after unseemly squabbling between Special Cell and ATS over the Naquee's alleged complicity in the 13/7 atrocity, with the former accusing Rakesh Maria and his team of not only arresting an informer but also putting a spoke in the operation to nab the mastermind Bhatkal. Sources in IB rebutted the perception that they have expressed doubts over ATS' investigations leading to the arrests of Naquee and Nadeem Akhtar, who hailed from the same village.Stung by the accusation, sources in Maharashtra ATS hit back on Tuesday by daring their Delhi counterparts turned competitors to follow through their assertion about Naquee's innocence by moving the trial court in Mumbai.The public bloodletting has brought out in stark relief the continuing lack of co-ordination among different agencies despite the growing pile of evidence that it is such gaps and distrust that has facilitated terrorist attacks of the scale of 9/11 and 26/11.Singh avoided a direct reply to the question whether the two agencies were guilty of defying the Centre's insistence to break down the silos and co-ordinate among themselves. However, he agreed that recrimination among two agencies tasked to protect the two major cities has validated the need to set up the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC). He said that the home ministry was keen that the much-delayed agency, supposed to facilitate better co-ordination, particularly smooth sharing of intelligence, among counter-terror agencies, started functioning soon.He also said that a meeting of Director Generals of Police will be called shortly to lay out a Standard Operating Procedure to eliminate such mix-ups.As the infighting raged, the investigation into a terror attack - a crucial one since it marked the return of Indian Mujahideen after a lull - runs the risk of becoming a political football. On Tuesday, both National Minorities Commission and CPM-affiliated Sahmat demanded a probe into Naquee's arrest. ATS sources were even apprehensive that the controversy may have a bearing on their case in the court.At the heart of the squabbling, which has underscored the need for the early activation of National Counter Terrorism Centre, is Delhi Special Cell's success in busting what is now being called the \"Darbhanga\" module of IM as well as its eagerness to show its mettle after a long spell when it was consigned to the sidelines.The breakthrough against the Darbhanga module - a much appreciated achievement which pointed to IM's success in finding new recruitments from unsuspected pools - set the Special Cell both on the path to Naquee as well as a confrontation with ATS.One of the arrested members of the Darbhanga module Gayur Ahmad Jamali told the Special Cell that he had introduced Bhatkal to Naquee, who is also from the same district in Bihar. Naquee, who has a Mumbai connection in that his family owns a leather bag manufacturing unity in the city, admitted under sustained pressure to have helped Bhatkal rent a house in Byculla East where the two suspected 13/7 bombers - Waqas and Tabrez - stayed.Naquee told his Delhi Police handlers that he did not know about the intention or antecedents of either Bhatkal as Gayur Ahmad lied to him when he introduced the IM mastermind. He led the Delhi Police to the landlady in Byculla East who on the basis of photograph confirmed that the man who stayed in her house was indeed Bhatkal.It is not clear whether Delhi Police fully believed Naquee's claim about being innocent of the bombing plot. But they did not arrest him because of their belief that the Darbhanga man would lead them to their real target: Bhatkal who has been their \"most wanted\" in connection with the terror attack near Jama Masjid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11624026", "title": "Olympic class pool soon at St Aloysius", "text": "MANGALORE: The city's 132-year-old St Aloysius College will have an Olympic-class swimming pool in the near future, which will be the first for any institution on the coast.The project, envisages the construction of an ozonised swimming pool of Olympic standard with eight lanes and 50 mts in length and also a kid pool at an estimated to cost Rs. 2.3 crore. The University Grants Commission (UGC) has already sanctioned Rs 1 crore for the project, which is subject to time-bound execution.Fr Swebert D'Silva, principal the college told TOI the pool will come up behind high school where there is enough amount of land for the pool and the allied infrastructure. ``We will commence the construction work as soon as UGC releases the grants,'' said Fr D'Silva.He said that UGC has big plans to improve sports infrastructure in colleges. \"We are carrying forward that impetus to develop our sports infrastructure to enthuse Gen Y into sports, including tracks at the centenary grounds,'' he said.Observing that the present generation was more into malls, computers and mobiles, Fr D'Silva said: Creating infrastructure will help our youngsters not waste their time as we believe a healthy mind requires a healthy body.As a precursor, during the annual reunion of St. Aloysius College Alumni/ae Association (SACAA) recently, prospective supporters of the pool project were allowed to draw the silver coins stamped with numbers from 600 to 6,000 - with the donor paying the selected number in Rupees.The corporation pool at Gandhi Nagar here is of 50 mts length and 25 mts in width, and has six lanes. Manipal University has a pool of 30 mts in length and has six lanes.Mysore University Swimming Coach Nabhiraj said the university pool was 50 mts in length and had eight lanes, constructed according to earlier Olympic standards. \"Now the standard is 10 lanes, which Jananasarovar International school in Mysore has,'' he said adding that even Basavanagudi Pool at Bangalore was eight lane and the authorities were planning to extend it to 10 lanes in their silver jubilee year of existence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11624183", "title": "GRP in a fix over cartridge haul as dealer denies illegality", "text": "AMBALA: Six days after recovering 4,000 live cartridges from Malwa Express, the Government Railway Police (GRP) is in a fix over action against the Karnal-based supplier, who claimed to be innocent as he has followed all the guidelines.While GRP men, who were bent on looking for possible breakthrough to ascertain details about the person to whom the consignment was sent, Rajender Rao, owner of Raj Arms Ammunition claimed that he has provided all relevant documents to police.Rao said he will approach higher police authorities for cancellation of the case registered against him at Ambala's GRP police station.While the GRP team insisted that they are yet to ascertain the genuineness of the Merrut-resident party for whom the consignment was meant, they raised questions about packing of the parcels.Ishwar Chand, DSP, GRP, said, \"The cartridges were packed carelessly and chances were high that it could have fallen in wrong hands. The illegal supply and other related issues are being looked into. We cannot say anything further till the investigation concludes.''On January 18 GRP men had confiscated 4,000 cartridges, stuffed in six parcels, bearing the office stamp of Karnal district magistrate, from Malwa Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622248", "title": "Youth fakes own kidnapping for money to start business", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old youth from Dahisar faked his own kidnapping, keeping his family on tenterhooks and the police on their toes for several hours recently. The youth, Arvind Mane, wanted money to start his own business but was scared to ask his family as he had not done too well in academics, said the police.Arvind is the son of a teacher, Shivaji Mane, based at Rawalpada in Dahisar (E). Mane teaches in a Borivli school.On January 19, Arvind left home to go to his computer class around 1.30pm. In the evening, When he did not return, his parents got worried. His uncle received a text message on his cellphone from Arvind's phone saying Arvind had been kidnapped. The abductors demanded Rs 3 lakh. and threatened to harm Arvind if the sum wasn't paid.The Manes approached the Dahisar police station to lodge a complaint. \"We recorded a case of kidnapping. Eight to 10 teams of policemen were formed to hunt for Arvind,\" said assistant commissioner Sunil Deshmukh. The police started tracking down the location of Arvind's cellphone.Eventually, they reached a forested region where they laid a trap for the kidnapper andfound Arvind. He admitted that he had faked his own kidnapping. \"We traced Arvind within five hours of the complaint being lodgedThe kidnapper's text message was sent on his uncle's cellphone and not his father's, which made us suspicious. The display screen of Arvind's father's cellphone was damaged and he couldn't view text messages. This could only be known by someone close to the famil,\" a police official said.\"Arvind had taken admission for a diploma course a few years ago, but was unable to do well and took a break from college. He wanted money to start a business, but was hesitant to approach his father who was a strict disciplinarian. He then decided to fake his kidnapping and messaged his family from his phone, pretending to be the kidnapper,\" Deshmukh said.The kidnapping case will now be closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623010", "title": "Team Anna to evaluate corporators", "text": "Till early December, the India Against Corruption (IAC) movement led by Anna Hazare had taken a rigid stand against the Congress. But with the December agitation fizzling out due to low attendance and Anna's poor health, there clearly seems to be a rethink.Team Anna will now be focusing only on creating awareness about candidates in fray for all elections in the country. While major states are headed for Assembly elections, in Nagpur the stage is set for the civic polls. IAC members have begun the ground work in full swing in a bid to reach out to citizens regarding their sitting and prospective corporators.Ajay Sanghi, city coordinator for IAC, said, \"We will be putting up banners in every ward. The banners will mention how much development funds have been utilized. This way the citizens will come to know how much their corporator claims to have spent in their locality. If it is false then they can immediately take the corporator to task by using their ballot power.\"The IAC is in the process of culling out ward-wise information from the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and hopes that citizens will themselves realize the truth. \"Neither are we taking any sides nor are we opposing anyone. We are looking at the NMC elections in a very positive manner where citizens will awaken and decide what is best for them. Our task is to provide them the information needed to make a decision,\" said Sanghi.Considering the size of the city it looks unlikely that all wards will be covered under this awareness programme launched by the IAC. But Sanghi is hopeful that most wards in all corners of the city will be visited by volunteers.\"We have already started visiting some slum areas as it is here where people need to be politically educated the most. The first message being given to slum dwellers is that they should not vote for anyone who is offering them money. If they 'sell' their vote then the corporator will never feel obliged to help them or work for them,\" said Sanghi.The IAC has already printed handbills which mention the points which need to be factored in while choosing a candidate. The handbill says that past track record and qualification of the candidate must be looked into carefully and no importance should be given to caste and religion while voting.Team Anna in the city is holding weekly meetings every Monday evening at their Congress Nagar office and encourages people to participate and share their views.\"There independent candidates approached us and asked for support saying they will work honestly and be accountable. But we have refused all of them and even it has been decided that no one from the IAC will contest the NMC polls either. We do not want people to feel that we are taking political sides,\" said Sanghi.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11622633", "title": "Poachers took four limbs, two canines of Jharan tiger", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Now it is official that the dead tiger found in Jharan range of FDCM North Chandrapur on Monday evening was poached by electrocution. Postmortem of the carcass and the circumstantial evidences gathered from the spot on Tuesday have confirmed that tiger had died due to electrocution. While poachers hacked and took away all four limbs and two canine of the beast, they left behind the metal wire used for electrocution.Not much was left of the tiger's carcass as it turned out that beast was killed more than five days back. \"It was adult male tiger aged around 6 years. A black injury mark, caused due to contact with electric wire, was found near the neck. Only four nails were recovered near the carcass,\" said veterinary doctor PD Kadukar, who conducted the postmortem.Earlier FDCM officers had planned to take the carcass to Chandrapur but owing to its deteriorating condition, they finally decided to carry out autopsy at the same spot on Tuesday mornFollowing the recovery of carcass an extensive search was carried out in compartment No. 122 of Jharan range. The search had revealed several signs which substantiate that the place was a haven for local poachers.Foresters recovered over 300 metre long metal wire from the jungle which was used for electrocution of the tiger. Small ropes were found tied to the lower parts of the trees standing across the forest tracks to hold the electric wire which is laid low just above the ground, so that any wild animal walking along the track comes in the contact with the live wire.Internal sources in forest department claimed that, both 11 KV and 66 KV electric line passes over the place where the carcass was found. \"Poachers might have used the 11 KV line for electrocuting the animal, as use of 66 KV line would have destroyed the wire as well as the carcass by its high voltage current,\" forest officers said.The trip record of the electric supply line summoned form the MSEDCL, too have helped in confirming the time of poaching. As per records, the Aksapur electricity feeder , that regulates the electricity supply in all the villages around had tripped at 3am of January 19, the probable time when the tiger was electrocuted, sources claimedForest officers are confident that it is the work of local poachers who were after a herbivore, but accidentally tiger was killed by the live wire.\"The way tiger's claws were hacked, suggests that it was the work of non-professional poachers. They went on to axe the right jaw of the tiger to remove the right upper and lower canine tooth. But, they left four nails behind, failed to remove left upper and lower canine and even did not bother to go after the skin,\" sources said.Entire circumstantial evidences put together, it is apparent that poachers belong to some nearby villages and were actively poaching the herbivores in the area with electric wire since last few months.Meanwhile, senior forest officers including FDCM MD SK Sood, APCCF Anmol Kumar, regional manager FDCM Sanjay Thakre, CCF Chandrapur circle BSK Reddy, divisional manager, FDCM MA Ghoshal along with PCCF's representative Bandu Dhotre and NTCA's representative Poonam Dhanwatey were present during the postmortem of the tiger.Veterinary doctor Kadukar has removed the available viscera to forward it to forensic lab. The carcass was later burnt at the same spot before the witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11622742", "title": "The trouble with principles", "text": "KOLKATA: What if there are riots and lives of some innocent people are lost? Would Salman Rushdie's visit to the country still have been worth it? Does a symbolic defence of an abstract principle warrant such an outcome, whatever its likelihood? This is the argument used in this case and in several others in the past. The sentiments of a section of the population get inflamed because of a film or book, and in the name of taking precautions and preventing a law-and-order problem, some form of censorship gets applied. The debate is rarely conducted at the level of the principle; the reasons cited for the action taken, be it in this case or in the case of M F Husain , have to do more with prosaic matters of keeping the peace and preventing needless violence.The underlying reasons have to do with political expediency; the possible cost of upholding principles is deemed too high to take a chance with. In this particular instance, both the objection by the Deobandis as well the reaction by the government smack of naked opportunism. Rushdie has come to India before and has attended the same literary event without any significant objections; if the UP elections were not round the corner, it is likely that there would be no issue to resolve. Of course, even without elections being a variable, given the track record of the state in these kinds of issues, it seems safe to hazard a guess that the government's action would have been similar.The time has come to ask a difficult question. So what if there are riots which involve the possibility of violence and even fatalities? The very idea of a structure like the state rests on the inviolability of some fundamental principles. The state is duty bound to protect these even if it involves paying a price. Nobody would ask questions of the state if in defending territory, it uses violence and suffers the loss of lives. Most actions of the state have a differential impact across constituencies and there is simply no way that its action will please everyone. Protests are thus part of the democratic process. The act of protesting does not carry any implicit and automatic legitimacy. When the state allows groups with narrow partisan and often cynical agendas to have their way, it creates a situation where any caste or religious group can manipulate the system by blackmailing it. The more these protests get encouragement by way of acquiescence, the more frequently we are likely to witness instances of enacted touchiness. It takes nothing for a few to claim that 'sentiments have been hurt'; and the state cannot take responsibility for the emotional fragility of all its constituents.Why is it that religious protests get special treatment? Many lives have been lost because of the Telengana movement and no one uses the fear of the possibility of violence as a reason to concede the demands being made. There is no shyness in carrying out a bloody and oppressive campaign against the protests in Manipur and similarly, when the state believes that it has something important to defend, as in the case ofKashmir, it is not afraid to use force over extended periods of time. The idea that the threat of violence should automatically lead to a retreat is not practised in any other instance save when a principle is involved.Perhaps because, it is after all, only a principle. Easy to disregard, transact and negotiate around.There is little advantage seen in standing up for it, while the costs loom large. In a world where action has become detached from a larger belief system, the cost of compromising principles becomes invisible. Every action can be evaluated purely on the basis of immediate profit and loss and when viewed from this lens, it makes very little sense for the political system to stand up for an abstract principle.What is interesting is that while on the one hand principles that define the nature of democracy in the country are deemed to be too symbolic to be concerned about, we are otherwise reacting to symbolic slights and perceived insultsall the time. The most recent episode involves the apparent denigration of India by a BBC programme, something that has been officially taken up by the government with its British counterpart. This is part of a long line of such perceived insults, which are routinely reacted to with much anger and outrage. At one level, the reactions reveal the inherent discomfort felt when confronted with the wrong end of the freedom of expression and at another, the importance of an ego outwardly projected rather than a belief, inwardly valued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11624479", "title": "Advanced aviation meteorological support for 46 more airports on cards", "text": "PUNE: The integrated airport meteorological instrument system (AMIS), which is currently operational at eight airports in the country, will be extended to another 46 airports as part of the IMD's modernisation programme.The AMIS is operational at the Amritsar, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Guwahati, Jaipur, Mumbai and New Delhi airports. This facilitates automatic acquisition, processing, dissemination and display in real time, of meteorological parameters affecting landing and take-off operations.S Krishnaiah, additional director general of meteorology (ADGM) at IMD's Pune office, said: \"State of the art meteorological instruments are required for measuring the runway visual range (RVR), which refers to the distance over which the pilot of an aircraft on the centreline of the runway can see the surface markings delineating the runway.\"The RVR also plays a key role in determining the kind of visual aides like the instrument landing system (ILS), that are required to be installed at the airports for the pilots to effect smooth landings and take-offs.The International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) has specified the RVR values, normally expressed in feet or metres, for ILS instruments, starting with CAT-I to III and the more advanced CAT-IIIA and CAT-IIIB equipment. The last named is installed at the New Delhi airport.The IMD provides meteorological support to the aviation sector through a network of four meteorological watch offices located at Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai and New Delhi airports. It also provides support to 18 aerodrome meteorological offices and 53 aeronautical meteorological stations at airports across the country.These offices provide forecasts of winds and temperature required for flight planning, prognostic weather charts, forecasts for aerodrome weather for landings and take-offs, and other significant weather information for aviation operations such as route forecast, area/local forecast and online briefing to airlines.Asked why instances of disruption of flight schedule due to bad weather conditions like fog keep occurring despite the advanced met support at airports like New Delhi, Krishnaiah said, \"The IMD has done its part of providing the most advanced meteorological support. However, much also depends on other factors like the pilots' training and compatibility with advanced ILS equipment like CATIIIB.\"\"We have provided 10 RVR instruments in Delhi itself considering that the airport has three runways,\" he said. \"Similar instruments have also been provided to Delhi's alternate airports like Jaipur and Amritsar in case of flight diversions. However, the pilots' capabilities of handling advanced ILS equipment has more to do with decision-making for landing and take-off in bad weather conditions,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "dehra dun", "code": "11629992", "title": "Ramdev asks people to vote for BJP and CPI", "text": "DEHRA DUN: Yoga Guru Baba Ramdev today asked people to vote for BJP and CPI in the coming Assembly elections in five states and \"reject\" other parties which have failed to accept \"genuine\" issues of bringing back black money and corruption.\"Those parties, which are not supporting and accepting the genuine issues of bringing back black money and corruption, must be rejected in the elections as their intentions are bad,\" Ramdev told reporters here.He said in response to the letters sent by him to all political parties asking for their acceptance on seven points including declaring black money stashed in foreign banks as national assets and others, only two parties-- BJP and CPI gave their acceptance.\"Give your vote to those parties who want to save the country and bring back the black money to the country and reject other parties,\" he said.He said he also wrote to Congress President Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the issue of black money but he got no response from them or their representatives.Ramdev said he would soon visit election-bound states of Uttar Pradesh and Punjab and make a similar appeal to voters.Without taking any names, he said he wanted to hold a meeting in Haridwar for which he gave an application 15 days ago but he was not given permission under \"some pressure\" in the name of threat to peace and law and order.\"I want to know what wrong I have done which posed threat to the peace and law and order. I have only talked about bringing back black money from foreign banks. Is this a sin,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11620786", "title": "IMC to divide city into 3 zones for vendors", "text": "INDORE: Acting on the directives of the state government, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will divide the city into three zones namely green, yellow and red for vendors. The move is expected to help the vendors, who sell articles door-to-door and do not have a permanent place, in doing their business smoothly in the city.Accordingly, the IMC will divide city into green zone wherein street vendors will be allowed to conduct trade all the time. The green zone falls many in residential areas. In the yellow zone, the vendors will be allowed to trade on selected days like festivals and weekly markets. The civic body has demarcated places including Rajwada, Mahalaxmi Bazaar and AB Road for the yellow zone.No vendor will be allowed in the red zone. The civic body will prohibit the vendors in the areas coming under the red zone, which will cover VIP areas, high court and high traffic areas.IMC official said that soon they would classify the city under three zones and the vendors would be communicated in this regard. This move is aimed at making the business of the street vendors hassle-free, say the civic body officials.It is to be noted that earlier also IMC was instructed to make hawkers zone. Following which, three hawkers zones were declared in the city. However, it failed to function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "11624157", "title": "Poll norms tie families in knots over 'baraat' cavalcades", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Little did these hapless grooms or their families know that they should have consulted the Election Commission than \"pandits\" before fixing January 29 as the \"Shubh Muhurat\" for tying the nuptial knots with brides in various cities of neighboring Uttarakhand.Harish, a resident of Urban Estate, was taken aback when he received a call from his would-be in-laws in Dehradun, who told them to bring the cavalcade of cars in \"baraat\" at their own risk because of the strict adherence to poll norms by the district election officer in Dehradun.Similar is the case of Navdeep, who is scheduled to tie the nuptial knot in Haridwar on the same day. Harish's family has now approached Yamunanangar deputy commissioner to intervene and help them out in this regard. There are a number of families, like these two, who are facing similar dilemmas.Though deputy commissioner Ashok Sangwan has assured to help out the families, sources in the administration said that nothing concrete can be done officially as nobody can defy Election Commission's guidelines. Still, they are trying their best to help out these families, they said.We can understand the problem, but we are in a fix. We have already informed our relatives and keeping in view the wedding rush, we have made advance payments for taxis. If things don't work out, then we will be losing money. This tantamount to disrespect to relatives, who would be coming from far off places to join the barat,'' said Vishnu Datt, uncle of one such groom, who has approached Yamunanangar DC for help.\"The bride's family has clearly said that since they have informed us in advance, we have to make all arrangements at our own risk. Hence we have asked the DC to help us in taking special permission from the area magistrate-cum-election officer,\" he added.When contacted, DC Ashok Sangwan said, \"We understand the sentiments of the families. We assured them that we will do everything possible to help them out. But it is quite difficult to say anything at this moment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623857", "title": "First-timers keen to go out and vote", "text": "Exploding the myth that the GenX is averse to politics and voting comes towards the bottom on their priority list, the youngsters in UP's four major cities have shown that they can't really wait to cast their votes. In a TOI-Ipsos Survey, over three-fourths of the respondent - all first-time voters -- said that they were 'very excited' about becoming eligible to vote.In fact, 87% of them said that they had already decided who they are going to vote fore. This is quite an encouraging scenario in the state where more than 50% registered voters skip the trip to polling booth on the election day.One factor that will separate the coming state election from all the previous ones is the pre-dominance of youth power. With 54 lakh electorates in the 18-19 age-group and nearly 34% of them below 29, we are going to see the youngest-ever voters base exercising their right to elect the government of their choice. If one assumes that those up to 23 are first-time voters, this number comes to approximately 1.5 crore, or 12% of the total electorates in the state.As we observe the National Voters' Day on Wednesday, these young voters are the biggest hope for giving a decisive push to the notoriously low voting percentage in UP.During the previous assembly election in 2007, the state witnessed just 46% turnout which was a fall of nearly 8 percentage points compared with the 2002 election. While Allahabad North was the worst offender with just 24% polling, other big cities like Lucknow and Varanasi were only marginally better. The combined polling percentage of Lucknow district, in fact, was the worst in the state while smaller towns like Saharanpur and Pilibhit did much better.With a hope that the young voters, especially the first-timers, would bring a turnaround in the voting percentage, TOI commissioned Ipsos, the world's third largest market research agency, to assess the mood of first-timers in Lucknow, Kanpur, Varanasi and Allahabad, and what they would be thinking at the time of voting. The survey, which was conducted between January 14 and 17, did throw up some interesting insight about the psyche of first-time voters.Nothing was more surprising than the fact that poll speeches generally make no impact on them.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622462", "title": "All major parties to go it alone in Zilla Parishad polls", "text": "NAGPUR: After days of conflicting statements, the four major political parties of the district - Congress, NCP, BJP and Shiv Sena - have finally announced that they will contest alone in zilla parishad (ZP) and panchayat samiti (PS) polls. But, barring BJP the three other parties have not announced all their candidates so far and are expected to do so just a day before the withdrawal of nominations.Congress and NCP as well as BJP and Sena had tried till the last moment to salvage a consensus on the seat sharing arrangement but the efforts did not bear any fruit due to intense pressure from party workers. Leaders of the four parties had held meetings till late night but they could not achieve anything.State Election Commission (SEC) has allowed political parties to announce their candidates till the last date of withdrawal of nominations. All parties are hoping to reduce the number of rebel candidates this time. As on date, there are many seats where more than one candidate has filed nominations as the party's nominee. This has happened in all the four parties. But, only those who get the party's AB form will be treated as one by the SEC.Political experts say that those candidates who feel that they can't win without their party's symbol may panic at the last moment when they are not given the AB form, and opt out of the race.Meanwhile, sources in Congress blamed NCP leaders for failure to ink a pre-poll pact. \"All the top NCP leaders did not want a tie-up with us in their areas of influence. Civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh did not want it in Katol and Narkhed, ex-minister Ramesh Bang in Hingna and Kalmeshwar and outgoing ZP vice-president Nitin Rathi in Saoner. This did not leave much room for an alliance. Our leaders got infuriated and they too made similar demands,\" a Congress leader said.NCP leaders on the other hand have blamed Congress for the fiasco. BJP and Sena leaders also blamed the other side over pre-poll pact.BJP has announced 56 out of 59 candidates so far while its national level ally Sena has declared 40. NCP has announced seven candidates while Congress is yet to open its account. All the parties are likely to provide AB forms to their candidates on January 29, just a day before last date of withdrawal of nominations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622303", "title": "Residents for Metro III diversion", "text": "MUMBAI: Enthused by the support of Mumbaikars to the proposed 34-km underground Metro line between Colaba and SEEPZ in Andheri via Bandra, hundreds of western suburb residents have demanded diversion of the underground route from Bandra up to Charkop, instead of the proposed elevated route.The demand to the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) has the support of 33 residents' forums, which questioned the discrimination between the island city and suburbs in offering eco-friendly underground routes.\"Why can't the Bandra-Andheri route of Metro III be diverted towards Charkop, and another underground route between Bandra and Bangur Nagar via Kalina, JVLR, SEEPZ Andheri, Aarey and Goregaon be created? It will have more ridership and better space for development,\" the associations from Bandra, Juhu, Khar, Vile Parle and Andheri said.The Bandra-Charkop section is part of the contracted second Metro line between Charkop and Mankhurd, whereas the Colaba-Bandra-Andheri underground line is yet to be contracted.Some forums have taken up a legal battle against the proposed elevated track between Charkop and Mankhurd via Bandra, which they say will occupy space on S V Road, Link Road, the western express highway and at the Bandra-Kurla Complex, besides leading to congestion and pollution.\"The underground route helps avoid railway permission. Crossing highways, high-tension electricity wires, waiting for environment permission, the civil aviation ministry's nod, traffic congestion during construction work, destruction of trees, and sound and dust pollution can be avoided,\" said Sherley Singh of Save My Suburbs, which has the support of 31 forums.Hansel D'Souza of the Mumbai Nagrik Manch congratulated MMRDA for proposing the first totally underground route but said it must be integrated with the Bandra-Charkop section to avoid congestion and pollution during and after construction, due to the proposed elevated route under Metro II.\"If we give a continuous underground Metro from Colaba to the far end of the western suburbs, it will be the city's 'spine' and prove to be a boon for decongestion. Since the Bandra-Charkop route of Metro II and Bandra-Airport-Andheri route of Metro III will become closely parallel, the proposed Bandra-Andheri section can be diverted via Kalina, Marol, SEEPZ, JVLR, Aarey and then Goregaon and Bangur Nagar to create a new route,\" he suggested.Singh, on behalf of the Juhu Scheme Residents' Association, termed the experience of building an elevated Metro route between Versova and Ghatkopar via Andheri as 'disastrous' and requested the authorities not to repeat it. \"The alignment will resolve environmental and traffic issues and the space crunch for building car depots and casting yards for both Metro lines, as Kalina, Aarey and Charkop can offer better space,\" she said.An MMRDA official said, \"If we change the route, we will have to do a fresh feasibility study. The cost will be thrice and it will lead to delays. But we will look into residents' suggestions.\"MMRDA has contracted the 32-km Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd Metro II to Reliance Infrastructure , but work is yet to commence as it is awaiting environmental permission for land for the car depot and approval to use the Centre's land for the casting yard.\"If we change the elevated route between Bandra-Charkop to underground, we will have to do a fresh feasibility study. New plots will be needed too and the cost will be thrice. New proposals will take time for state and central clearance and thus delay the project. But we will look into the residents' suggestions,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11622814", "title": "Mahindra Satyam file plea against CLB order", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mahindra Satyam filed an appeal before the Andhra Pradesh High Court on Tuesday challenging the order of the Company Law Board which rejected its plea to compound the criminal complaint filed against it by the government of India.Following the company's disgraced founder B Ramalinga Raju's letter of January 7, 2009, that admitted fudging of the company's accounts, the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) filed a criminal complaint against Satyam and its secretary. SFIO also filed other cases against the former management comprising Ramalinga Raju , Rama Raju and Vadlamani Srinivas and former independent directors.Mahindra Satyam, the new management of the company, filed a compounding application before the Company Law Board stating that it was a victim of the fraud and offences against it were technical in nature and that they were punishable only with a fine of Rs 5,000 and therefore the offences might be compounded.Mahindra Satyam counsel K Vivek Reddy said that the government of India had also sought to withdraw the case filed against it. However, the CLB rejected the application. Against the order, Mahindra Satyam filed an appeal in the HC on Tuesday through its CS Jayaraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11623687", "title": "MSY appoints Anuradha, Yashpal to senior posts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party (SP) supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on Tuesday appointed Chaudhary Yashpal Singh and Anuradha Chaudhary as the party's national vice-president and national general secretary respectively.\"The party president has made this appointment, which will strengthen the party,\" said the party national spokesperson Ramgopal Yadav. Both Yashpal and Anuradha have recently joined the SP. While, Yashpal was in Congress, Anuradha was in Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) and were considered close to its chief Ajit Singh.He said that the move would strengthen party's hold on west UP.Anuradha, who wielded considerable influence within the RLD, has been the irrigation minister in the RLD-SP government in 2003.Meanwhile, SP's candidates' reshuffling exercise continued. In fact, on Tuesday, the party changed and restored a candidate within a space of six hours. SP had decided to field Rakesh Singh as its candidate from Chharra. On Tuesday morning, Singh was replaced by Khwaja Halim. By evening, Halim was shown the door even as Singh got restored as the SP candidate. Likewise, Manoj Chawdhary replaced, Tarabuddin Chawdhary as SP's candidate from Chhaprauli.The Samajwadi Party has been juggling with the candidates since April 2011, when it replaced its first list of candidates.Hitting out the BSP government's proposal of dividing the state in four parts, SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav said that Uttar Pradesh is not Mayawati's ancestral land, which could be divided on her whims and fancies.\"Today the people of Uttarakhand are repenting the division of the state by tearing of hilly regions from Uttar Pradesh. People are emotionally and socially attached with the land and everyone has relations here and Mayawati wants to break the relations by dividing the state in four parts,\" Mulayam said.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623704", "title": "Why is Cong turning India into a religious state? asks Uma Bharti", "text": "Uma Bharati has emerged the saffron brigade's star campaigner in UP. By fielding her from Charkari in Bundelhand, BJP president Nitin Gadkari has hinted that the Sadhvi could play a key role post-election. Even though senior colleagues have gone into a sulk, the cadre is happy to have the Hindutva icon to bank on. Uma has perked up the drab poll scene. The sanyasin discusses her roadmap to UP 2012 with Manjari MishraBJP is making much of minority quota in the OBC. Is it a ploy to divide and rule? Why did Congress get this bright idea to offer reservation only a month before the UP polls? Why this insistence on religion-based reservation in a secular country? We are a Hindu nation and not a Hindu state. Why does Congress want to turn India into a religious state like Pakistan where minority Hindus suffer much? Moreover, 4.5% reservation is a sham. It will benefit only the creamy layer of backward Muslims.But isn't BJP out to stoke hatred among Hindu OBCs for electoral gains? It concerns our ideology and beliefs. We don't want bloodshed and violence over this. That said, we would, by a massive agitation, force the Centre to roll back the 4.5% reservation sop to minorities . BJP will not allow pseudo-secular forces to damage the interests of backward Hindus for their narrow gains.BJP is known to be a divided house in UP. How do you assess the party's chances? BJP has a strong network of grassroots cadre. This has always been our strong point. Leaders are working hard to galvanize them. The public response to our candidates is encouraging. BJP is the only party which has given corruption-free rule in UP in the past. Whatever our detractors say, we'll make our mark this time.How will the BJP fare? Your estimate? You're asking someone who's in the contest herself. Of course, we'll win. Why not? I'm a fighter and have the reputation of being confident. So, take it seriously.Congress calls you a comatose party on ventilator and claims their fight is with BSP and SP. This shows their desperation. They had thought the common man was unhappy with BSP and SP. Therefore, they'd be able to cash in on the angst and convert it into votes. With BJP's presence, this plan has been derailed. This realization has led to their frustration. It explains the derogatory remarks against me by their senior leaders. I hope Rahul Gandhi teaches basic manners to his flock.What are the key issues for you this time? The corruption of Mayaraj and SP's goondaraj that I'm sure the public has not forgotten. Congress stands discredited in Delhi. People are bleeding. We have the balm to dress their wounds. We have enough time. All it needs is to awaken voters to ground realities.Won't you add Uma factor as something which could swing votes in BJP's favour? I feel blessed that workers, supporters or public take notice of my presence and feel I would be able to make a difference.With your busy schedule, will you get time to campaign in Charkhari? Certainly. Charkhari is Bundelkhand's most peaceful constituency with the lowest reported crime in the belt. I am no stranger there. Khajuraho , my constituency in MP, borders Charkhari. Voters know how I changed Khajuraho and gave it a facelift with a slew of development projects from surface transport ministry, Railways, tourism etc. Then, though Rahul has no clue, I have been touring Bundelkhand all this while. My voters have faith that I can be trusted to make a positive change in their lives too.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11622748", "title": "State's second Sainik school to come up in Darjeeling", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal is all set to get another Sainik school, this time at Darjeeling. The state government has already selected a plot near Ghum and informed the defence ministry. Work will start as soon as the MoD carries out inspection and gives clearance. Sources in the ministry said that there won't be any problems with the clearance so long as the state government keeps its commitment to create necessary infrastructure at the spot.In fact, the MoD is happy that the new government in West Bengal is taking an interest in the matter of Sainik schools. The Left Front government had done little, save for making the necessary annual grants, towards improving infrastructure at the Sainik School in Purulia.It has been learnt that the Sainik school was originally planned to be set up near Siliguri but its location was changed later for the benefit of the people from the Hills as well as the state of Sikkim. Darjeeling has a large population of servicemen, both serving and retired. Many of them want their children to study in a Sainik school.The Sainik School at Purulia, that turns 50 on January 29, may not be a viable option for the Hills people. Even now, only a handful of students from the Hills study at Purulia, which by no means is a reflection of the actual demand from that region.\"On January 6, we wrote to the MoD, expressing our desire to set up a Sainik school in Darjeeling. This was in accordance with a proposal from the chairman of the Board of Administrators of the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council ( DGHC). We have already identified 40 acres about 13 km from Ghum Jorebungalow where amenities such as power and water are available. A Sainik School for Darjeeling was also in the list of proposals drawn out during the tripartite agreement between the Centre, state government and Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) in 2011,\" a state government official said.Sainik schools are set up by the MoD only if the state governments commit to provide land and other infrastructure. The defence ministry then provides three service officers, a physical instructor and NCC staff and takes care of overall supervision. The MoD also provides concessions to students on the basis of merit. The remaining expenditure is borne by the state governments. There are a total of 24 Sainik schools across the country. States like Bihar, Karnataka and Haryana have two Sainik schools each. Orissa, which already has one, has asked for a second. A new Sainik school is being planned in Mizoram as well.\"The Sainik school in Darjeeling will be of great help. Though there are several good schools in Darjeeling, most students are from the plains. The school will be of great help to local children,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11623067", "title": "The JLF bookstore does brisk business", "text": "JAIPUR: Just as the number of attendees at the fest keeps swelling year after year, the books at the festival bookshop, too, fly off the shelves that quickly. The bookshop was buzzing with buyers on all five days of the fest.With a daily footfall of 3,500 people, the shopowners are enthralled with the response. \"The sale this year has been more than the last one. People came in large numbers, especially the school children, and bought books,\" Priyanka Malhotra, director of the store, said.Gulzar and Ben Okri remained the show stoppers of the Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF), which translated into increased sales of their books. The store was running short of their copies and had ordered for more, which vanished even before they could make it to the shelves. The other authors in great in demand were Amy Chua, Michael Ondaatje and Chetan Bhagat. More than 300 copies of these authors were sold in four days.\"This year the sale of books was more author-driven, so we ran short of copies of some authors. Though we had forecasted such demand and were prepared for it, but not many of their copies are in print and we tried to get as many as we could. For authors like Lionel Shriver and Alex Watson , we ordered copies from the US and for Gulzar we got copies delivered from Delhi every day,\" Malhotra said.The scenario here belies preference for e-books over physical books. There was huge excitement among attendees to get their copies signed by the authors as soon as sessions got over. \"The fact that you get to meet the author in person and get books signed is fascinating and that can never happen with e-books. I met Fatima Bhutto which for me is an opportunity of a lifetime and I will remember the interaction with her all my life,\" said Payal Bhalla, who came from Chandigarh to attend the festival.This year the store gave special emphasis to Hindi literature by dedicating a section to Hindi books. On the concern of authors about the drop in Hindi readers, the store owner said Hindi books are not easily available even at the publications. \"Hindi books are hard to source and we start collecting them at least two months before the JLF. But most of the times, titles are out of stock or out of print,\" said Malhotra. However, the works of Javed Akhtar and Nirupamma Dutt were sold in huge numbers on all four days.With the fest getting bigger in shape, size and scale, the store owner voiced the need for a bigger space for book stall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11622068", "title": "BJP laments MGP alliance with Congress", "text": "PANAJI: The BJP on Tuesday expressed sadness that even as the MGP is talking to their party about forging an alliance for the March 2012 assembly elections, the party remains a part of the Congress-led coalition government.Addressing the media on the success of the BJP's Jan Sampark Abhiyan, BJP general secretary Govind Parvatkar said that the people of Goa, as well as the BJP, also want more clarity on the MGP's stand. But when asked about the sticking points between the two parties in forging an alliance, Parvatkar said the MGP was asking for 10 seats and some of these included important seats like Porvorim, Tivim and Quepem. \"The BJP is willing to give four seats to the MGP and that can increase to five, but 10 is a bit too much,\" Parvatkar said.Parvatkar said the BJP's Jan Sampark Abhiyan has evoked a very positive response from people in South Goa, where BJP opposition leader Manohar Parrikar and other BJP leaders covered 24 constituencies and addressed almost 85,000 people at various meetings. Parvatkar said that the people are fed up of the Congress' failure to address price rise and the rampant corruption. \"If the BJP comes to power, the BJP government is formulate a scheme to give 1000 to women to combat the price rise in Goa,\" Parvatkar said, adding that the details of this scheme will be highlighted in the party's election manifesto soon.Parvatkar also said that the people are fed up of the Congress policy of allotting multiple election tickets to some candidates under the \"family quota\" system. \"These Congressmen feel that two hands are not enough to loot the state. They want four, six or even eight hands to loot the state some more. The people can see through this,\" Parvatkar said.He said that the Jam Sampark Abhiyan enters North Goa on Tuesday and ends with a large public meeting at Mapusa on January 30. \"Senior BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu will address the Mapusa meeting, \"Parvatkar said.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622353", "title": "Wanted to rob, not kill: Malad murder plotter", "text": "MUMBAI: Allwyn Fernandes who was recently arrested for plotting the murder of a senior citizen in Malad, John Cardoze, told the police that his plan was to rob the family and not to kill anyone as he was in dire need of money to repay his aunt from whom he had stolen some cash.The incident occurred on December 28 when two youths, posing as courier boys, entered the Cardozes' flat in Orlem and killed John (68). Later, it transpired that Fernandes had hired the two, Yogesh Saroj and Suraj Kanaujia. Fernandes-his sister Katherine was supposed to marry John's son Lionel-had hatched the plot as he had assumed that the family would have loads of money as John used to work in the Middle East. Fernandes is the brother of Katherine who was set to marry John's son, Lionel.\"On January 12, Fernandes was traced to Bandra (E). He stayed with his mother, grandmother and sister at Kherwadi, but after the murder, he went into hiding. Our teams finally caught him from the same area,\" kept a watch on the area before he was caught from the same locality,\"investigating officer Vasant Patil said. While on the run, Fernandes moved from Vashi to Kurla and often spent the night at railway stations and yards.Fernandes told the police that he had planned to rob the Cardozes and had no intention of killing John. He had to repay his aunt from whom he had stolen some money.But after Yogesh and Suraj entered the flat, John put up a tough fight. \"Fernandes claimed that John bit the hand of one of the accused and wouldn't let go. Unable to free himself, the accused stabbed the senior citizen repeatedly till his wife, Leanne, came to the spot and raised an alarm,\" the police said. While Yogesh and Saroj were caught by two patrolling constables, Fernandes fled.The police said on the fateful day, Katherine had gone for a job interview and Lionel was with her. Fernandes kept calling her to ensure that Lionel stayed with her and did not return home early. The police believe Katherine was unaware of Fernandes' intentions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11622265", "title": "SC relief for doctors, lawyers", "text": "NOIDA: Commercial activity may have been disallowed by the December 5 Supreme Court order, however, thousands of professionals were given relief by the apex court on Monday. In a hearing held on January 23, the apex court said that 25 per cent of the Floor Area Ratio of the total residential area would be permissible for professional use as opposed to the previous order wherein it had been stated that only 30 per cent of the residential area on the ground floor could be used.Professionals, including doctors, lawyers, architects and chartered accountants, had previously said that displacing them from residential areas would deny residents easy access to essential public services. \"Professionals such as doctors, who operate from residential areas, provide valuable public services to residents at nominal prices and it is very convenient for residents to avail to these services. Displacing them would have an adverse effect on the social life in the city,\" said Dr NK Sharma of the Noida Doctors' Association.The SC's decision to make permissible the use 25 per cent of the FAR of residential areas for commercial use has come as a welcome relief for professionals operating in the city. \"As per the order, doctors will be allowed to run OPDs in residential areas. But any nursing homes operating in the area will have to shift out,\" added Sharma.\"What this means is that professionals like advocates, architects, doctors, etc will be allowed to use a part of their residences,\" said Captain SK Diwedi, CEO, Noida Authority. \"These professionals need to make sure that they shall use the premises for no other purpose other than the practice of their professions,\" added the CEO.While the Authority has started brainstorming to come up with policies to accommodate around 76 bank branches and 50 odd nursing homes displaced by the SC order, it has also shot off notices to such plot owners who have rented out their residential properties to the commercial units. According to the Authority, this has been done to ensure that the latter shut operations within a maximum of 15 days. The Authority has warned these plot owners that in case of non-compliance, their lease deeds would be cancelled.However, the plot owners in the city are still apprehensive about the Noida Authority's claims that they have sufficient land to accommodate banks and nursing homes. \"While our hands are tied for at least six weeks, the Authority needs to understand that the displaced units can't simply be flung to vacant plots. A number of factors like the cost and time of construction of suitable buildings need to be taken into consideration by the Authority,\" said Rohit Sapra, a plot owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11624394", "title": "New police station wants 135 personnel", "text": "PUNE: The city police have submitted a proposal to the state home department seeking 135 police personnel for the Market Yard police station. The police station, opened on Tuesday, has just two inspectors, two assistant inspectors and 20 constables.Deputy commissioner of police (Zone II) Raghunath Khaire said at the inaugural function that the new police station has jurisdiction over two lakh people in a 5.5 sq.km. area.It was created after converting the old police chowky at Market Yard and carving out areas from the jurisdiction of Swargate police station. The police station will cover Shivneri road, DAD complex, Bibvewadi-Kondhwa road, Satara road and City Pride multiplex areas.Inaugurating the police station, police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar said that the staff of 24 police personnel sanctioned for running the police station is suitable only for a police chowky and not for a police station. The issue of sanctioning 135 personnel has been taken up at the government level, she added.The police chief appealed to the public to build up pressure to sanction more staff to the police station, adding that, the existing staff has been given from the police headquarters.The public should enroll their names at the police-run committees and co-ordinate with them regularly, Borwankar said. She directed senior inspector Raghunath Jadhav, the in charge of the police station, to set an example by providing best services to the public.According to Khaire, the need to maintain security at Market Yard was felt as people from all over the state come here for business and other related works. Around 200 cases were reported from the area last year. He praised the Market Yard committee members for providing infrastructure for setting up the police station in the shortest possible time.Market Yard administrator B G Deshmukh said, around 35,000 traders visit Market Yard for business purposes and numerous incidents of attacks on traders, drivers and cleaners were reported in the past. Hence, the committee demanded an independent police station in the area since 2006.Market Yard has engaged the services of 100 security guards and will co-ordinate with the police in maintaining security and resolving traffic problems in the area, Deshmukh added.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said that the new police station was required as the business activity in the area has increased. He stressed on the need for having police-public participation for resolving law and order problems, etc.District collector Vikas Deshmukh hailed the initiative taken by senior officials in opening the police station, while additional commissioner of police (south region) Chandrakant Kumbhar proposed the vote of thanks.Tatya Konde, vice-president of the Market Yard Business Association said that the new police station must curb the crimes against traders who come here with huge cash for business purposes. The traders who reach Market Yard at 4 am have no place to stay or eat but, now, they can at least think of getting instant protection from the police if needed.Businessman Sanjay Londhe said that Market Yard has 1,000 stalls divided into onion and potato, fruit and vegetable markets. There are around 400 employees and a transaction of Rs 200 crore is done daily. The police station has less staff but still it can play a significant role in providing protection to the nearby markets of grocery, banana, pan and animals.Senior inspector Raghunath Jadhav said that plans are on the anvil to start two police chowkys as there are three slums near Market Yard. The 24 police personnel will work in two shifts of 12 hours each, he added.The police station has 13 rooms, including a lock up for keeping criminals. The police station requires minimum staff strength of 75 for smooth functioning, Jadhav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11624156", "title": "Discovered: The genetic switch key to heart\u2019s health", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have discovered a genetic switch that influences the heart's health, a finding they say offers new insights into the genetic roots of congenital heart disease and could lead to developing new treatments for this potentially fatal disorder.Scientists from the Gladstone Institute in San Francisco found that a specific gene in mice which fails to turn off at the right time in an embryo's development could mean illness later in life.They found that rodents in which the gene was left active were born apparently healthy, but suffered heart muscle problems later.Prof Peter Weissberg from the British Heart Foundation said the the research was \"important\" and it might one day be possible to fix the genetic switch. \"What this shows is that a really crucial step in normal heart development is the switching off of genes. If this doesn't happen, and they continue to be expressed, this can cause trouble later in life,\" prof Weissberg said.For the study, published in the journal Nature Genetics, the scientists focused on two genes and their role in cardiomyopathy, a enlarging and weakening of the heart muscle which is a feature in lifethreatening heart defects in children and adults.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11624364", "title": "Woman commits suicide", "text": "PUNE: A 27-year-old woman allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling at her residence in Shivane around 11 pm on Wednesday.The Warje Malwadi police have identified the deceased as Vaishali Shabbir Tadvi of Sai Residency, Shivane. There was no suicide note on the spot and the reason behind the suicide has not been established. The police said that Tadvi was a homemaker.She is survived by her husband, who is a share broker, and a daughter. The Warje Malwadi police are investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11624310", "title": "New research offers hope for cancer patients", "text": "VARANASI: Can blocking the pathway for DNA break-repair mechanism help fight cancer? If recent studies are to be believed, identification of a novel inhibitor of non-homologous DNA end joints (NHEJ) promises to show good results in fight against cervical and breast cancers.According to Dr Sathees Raghvan, department of biochemistry, Indian Institute of Sciences, Bangalore, studies and experiment at IIS have shown that blocking the DNA-repair pathway by inducing ligase IV could help in destruction of cancerous cells. It also promises to increase the life span and prevent progression of cancer especially in the cervical and breast cancer affecting women.Dr Raghvan was in the city to present his research paper during the two-day symposium on 'Population genetics and chromatin dynamics' organised by the department of zoology, BHU that concluded on Monday.Saying that potential ligase IV inhibitor blocks one of the DNA double strand breaks (DSBs) repairing sub path-ways that channelize the energy system, the research scientist also emphasized that studies had shown that addition of ligase IV reverts SCR 7 inhibition which in turn affects joining of DSBs irrespective of the ends. It also interferes with binding of ligase IV and inhibits NHEJ besides leading to DSB formation in cells. Further, SCR 7 induces cytotoxicity in cancer cells, leading to their destructions. The phenomenon has shown good results in cervical and breast cancer, though in other forms of cancer including leukemia (blood cancer), the results are not so convincing.While blocking the energy pathways ultimately destroys cancerous cells, research studies on harmful effects on normal cells are yet to be seen. It has been noted from the studies that SCR 7 does not significantly affect other physiological changes, though more studies need to be done. However, it is clear that SCR 7 leads to increase in unrepaired DSBs in the cells and improve the efficacy of drugs and it has been proved in mice with lymphoma (form of cancer), added the senior research scientist from Bangalore. Similarly, the identification of novel inhibitor of NHEJ unearthed by IIS scientists also promise to take care of genomic instability apart from chromosomal translocations in cancer.How novel inhibitor helps in fight against cancer?The potential novel ligase IV inhibitor blocks the energy pathways (DNA repair pathways) in cancerous cells, leading to their destruction. Addition of ligase IV reverts the important SCR inhibition which affects the joining of DNA double strand breaks (DSBs) irrespective of the ends. SCR 7 interferes with binding of ligase IV and leads to DSB formation in cells.Further, it induces cytotoxicity in cancer cells and increases the lifespan and prevents progression of cancer. It also increases the unrepaired DSBs in the cancer cells and improves the efficacy of standard drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11621094", "title": "Victim of trafficking tells court she was abused by cop", "text": "PANAJI: A 22-year-old victim of trafficking, who escaped her abusers only to be sexually abused by a police constable, deposed before the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC), Mapusa, on Monday. Her statement was taken in camera and lasted for over three hours.Sources said the victim confirmed that she was sexually abused in August 2011 by the constable. They added that the victim broke down while narrating the abuse she faced at the Mapusa police station. The woman had come from Mumbai to give her statement to the court.She reiterated what she had said in her statement to the Pernem sub-divisional magistrate ( SDM) and panel members of the Merces-based state protective home last year, sources said.The woman recounted how she escaped from the flat of her alleged traffickers-Uttaranchal couple Sonu and Saroj Singh-hoping to get to Mumbai, but spent 40 gruelling hours being tossed between two police stations, apart from being sexually abused by constable Vishva Vijay Parab.Mapusa police later arrested the constable-cum-police driver for having unnatural sex with a victim rescued from trafficking. Parab was also placed under suspension.A departmental inquiry ordered into the incident indicted four police personnel attached to the Mapusa police station for failing to avert the victim's abuse. Though submitted in September last year, the report is yet to see any action taken against the personnel.Mapusa police had held that they had picked up the woman after receiving a call that she was moving suspiciously about town. When sent to the state protective home the victim disclosed that the constable, during interrogation, had misbehaved with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11624173", "title": "Post-sex pillow talk healthy for relationships", "text": "LONDON: Men, please note - pillow talk after a passionate night does matter to ladies. In fact, it's as important for a healthy relationship as sex, says a study. Researchers at the University of Michigan have carried out the study and found that women whose partners nod off to sleep after being intimate are left feeling insecure and wanting attention.The study has found that cuddling and talking after sex is a crucial way for a couple to express their commitment to each other, the 'Daily Mail' reported . The researchers have based their findings on an analysis of 456 people who were surveyed for the study. Lead researcher Daniel Kruger said that the study of couples' sleeping patterns found men often fell asleep first. He said: \"The time couples spend together after sex might be as important as what happens before it in terms of building the relationship.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11624016", "title": "SAI to contest in UMC alone", "text": "MUMBAI: After the Congress-NCP combine's decision not to tie up with the Secular Alliance of India Party for the Ulhasnagar civic polls, party leader and Sindhi saint Sai Balram has decided to go it alone in 72 seats. During the last poll in 2007, the SAI won 15 seats in alliance with the Shiv Sena-BJP and were given the deputy mayor's post in the UMC. However, after deputy mayor Vinod Thakur parted ways with the SAI, the party withdrew support to the Sena-BJP. This time it was keen on an alliance with the Congres-NCP but both alliances did not give it proper seats. Sai Balram has said this time the party will contest from 72 seats and will help independent candidates and two BSP candidates in the rest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11624280", "title": "Bhopal Municipal Corporation warns contractors on safety measures", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has warned the contractors involved with the BRTS project and other construction works in the city that they will be held liable for any accidents occurring due to negligence or non-adherence of safety norms.The corporation has filed a complaint with the Bagh Sevania police station asking the police to probe into the accident that took place at RRL tri-junction on January 22. A youth was killed after his bike rammed into the drum filled with stones kept as a sign for diversion by the contractors working on the BRTS corridor.The BMC announced that the agencies undertaking the development and construction works in the city will have to follow the safety measures around the sites, especially in the case of BRTS corridor.The contract for the construction of the BRTS corridor is given to Ashoka Buildcon Pvt. Ltd. from Nasik. The BRTS corridor extends from Misrod to Board office and from Indira Gandhi square to Bairagarh in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622697", "title": "12 DRI officials bag President's medal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) dominated the list of 35 Customs officers who were awarded Presidential medal this year, announced on the eve of the Republic Day. At least 12 of the awardees are from the premier revenue intelligence agency, including P N Pandey, who had investigated the imported car scam in 2005 that led to a crackdown on film stars and politicians.Pandey, an additional director-rank officer and posted in the Indian Consulate in Hong Kong, has been an ace investigator and had solved several economic offence cases during his stint at DRI's Delhi zone office prior to his overseas assignment.G Sreenivasa Rao of DRI Mumbai zone and Gurusharan Singh of directorate of central excise intelligence (DGCEI), both additional director-rank officers, were among 35 Customs officers who have bagged the prestigious award.S S Bajaj, joint director with the Enforcement Directorate in Mumbai, has also been awarded the presidential medal. Recently, the ED's Mumbai's office was involved in conducting a probe in the IPL affairs and some of biggest money-laundering cases such as the Hassan Ali probe.Most of the other awardees were in the rank of intelligence officers and senior intelligence officers posted with the DRI and the DGCEI among other Customs formations. Of these, nine were from the DRI alone, who are responsible for crackdown on drug syndicates and fake Indian currency note racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ranaghat", "code": "11622739", "title": "Five fall ill after drinking 'tari'", "text": "RANAGHAT: A mob ransacked two shops and set a tea stall on fire at a Nadia village on Tuesday afternoon when five persons fell ill after drinking 'tari', a kind of liquor allegedly sold from the shops.The five persons of Rabanbore village under Ranaghat police stationwere admitted to Ranaghat subdivisional hospital on Monday from where they were referred to Kalyani JNM Hospital in the night. They are still under treatment.This sparked tension in the localityand people ransacked the tea stall and the two other shops and set the former on fire. Locals alleged that the liquor is sold from these three sources.Later, a police force controlled the situation. They confirmed that the 'tari' the men had drunk had indeed been purchased from these three places. Hospital sources said they suspected that the liquor turned poisonous. Nirupam Biswas, the medical officer of JNM Hospital, said the patients were out of danger.A team comprising the BDO of Ranaghat I and the BMOH of Ranaghat I visited the area on Tuesday.BDO Dibendu Sekhar Biswas confirmed that the men had fallen ill after drinking the liquor and added that they are now out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11623146", "title": "Choubey 'jan swasthya yatra' from January 28", "text": "PATNA: State health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey would embark on a 'Jan Swasthya Chetna Yatra' from the city's Gandhi Maidan on January 28. Chief minister Nitish Kumar and Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad are also expected to grace the occasion.Addressing a press conference here on Tuesday, the health minister said the yatra would cover 20 districts of the state's nine divisions from January 28 to February 20 and the remaining 18 districts from April 5 to April 30. The divisions to be covered in the first phase of the yatra are Patna (January 28-29), Bhagalpur (January 30-31), Purnia and Kosi (February 1, 2 and 3), Saran and Muzaffarpur (February 13-14), Darbhanga (February 15-16), Magadh (February 17-18) and Munger (February 19-20).Choubey said Sri Sri Ravi Shankar's Art of Living and Baba Ramdev's Patanjali Yogpeeth have expressed willingness to participate in the yatra. Their volunteers would provide a helping hand to the health volunteers in several districts.The minister said the yatra has a five-point agenda, including providing health cards to all the schoolchildren of the state by March 22 which would be celebrated as Bihar Diwas and achieving the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) target of performing family planning operations. Last fiscal the state lagged behind as only 5.25 lakh operations were performed as against the target of 6.50 lakh operations.The yatra is also aimed at decreasing the infant mortality rate and maternal mortality rate and increasing institutional deliveries. Stress would be given on checking malnutrition during the yatra, he said and added malnutrition centres are already functional in all the 38 districts. \"We also want to maintain the achievement recorded in vaccination with Bihar's immunization percentage at 66.5 being more than the national average at 61%,\" Choubey said.The blindness control programme will also be given impetus, Choubey said and added the state performed 2 lakh cataract surgeries in 2010-11, which was 50,000 more than the target fixed by the NRHM for the period. He hoped the state would achieve the target of 2.85 lakh cataract surgeries, fixed by the NRHM for 2011-12.The health minister will also undertake 'padyatras' in areas which were affected by kala-azar and other diseases, including encephalitis, in March with the state government declaring to observe Kala-azar Diwas in the month to create awareness among people.Principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha said of the 1,543 additional health sub-centres (APHCs) in the state, 477 would be made functional 24X7 by March this year. Some APHCs are already running 24X7 in Nalanda district. A 'Village Health and Nutrition Day' would be organized every month from April for which help has been sought from the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation, Sinha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622927", "title": "Times Big Reward prizes distributed", "text": "NAGPUR: The Times Big Reward shopping bonanza, presented by First City that is now underway at 50 outlets across the city, organized its second prize distribution function at Eros Furniture Mall, Rani Jhansi Square, Sitabuldi.The following lucky customers were awarded gift coupons at the event anchored by RJ Jia of Radio Mirchi: Madhavi Kavishwar - Altaf H Vali; Pooja Jeswani - Avi's Fitness Studio; Rinku Hajare - Avi's Fitness Studio; Yogesh Lachoriya - Avi's Fitness Studio; Anuradha Chaudhari - Cosmos slim clinic; Seeta Agrawal - Eros; Prakash Agrawal - Eros; Anjali Pandi - Eros; Shaila Nalwaya - Figure Framing; Ravi Waghmare - Hotel Hardeo; Pradeep Kumar Madhesiya - Hotel Heritage; Anant Dwivewi - Hotel Heritage; Rahul Niranjane - Opulence Cafe; Neha Das - People's Gym; Harsha Gondane - People's Gym; Madhukar Gondane - People's Gym; Priti Manapure - Raj Darbar; Mahesh Singh - Raymonds; Ujwala Ninawe - Robusta Lounge; Kanchan Khobragade - Robusta Lounge; Rahul Churad - Sirf Men's; Pooja Jagyasi - Sirf Men's; Pankaj Bavishi - Sony; Rahul Hirani - Sony; Mangesh Renge - Total Clinic; Sumit Renge - Total Clinic; Mangesh Deodhar - Trans Fitness Gym; Sushma Khobragade - Unique Slim Point; Prafull Nanotkar - Unique Slim Point; Sweety Bagde - Unique Slim Point; Siddhartha Bose - V5; Deepa Vaidya - VLCC and Harshat Thakkar - Vogue.Akhil Pande of Eros Furniture Mall was also present at the event. The next batch of prize winners will be given prizes at a function to be held on January 31.Shoppers who have not yet joined the shopping extravaganza must shop now before the end of the event at any of the 50 participating outlets the list of which is being advertised in the Nagpur Times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622346", "title": "Files destroyed in chowky fire", "text": "MUMBAI: Important files and documents were destroyed in a fire that broke out at a police chowky in Shanti Nagar, Mira Road on Monday.Though the cause of fire is said to be short-circuit, the police have not ruled out sabotage as the ceiling of a first floor room was broken.Furniture, a printer and laptops were destroyed in the blaze that occurred around 3.30am on Monday. The fire was noticed by civic pay-and-park employees.Though two officers were assigned duty at the chowky, it was unmanned when the fire occurred. Sources said 15 files pertaining to important cases of the Mira Road police station were destroyed.A portion of the cement slab of the chowky was broken and the police are investigating whether it was a planned operation. Thane Rural superintendent of police Rajeshkumar Mor visited the police chowky. Details of the losses suffered and documents destroyed could not be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new yokk", "code": "11626305", "title": "Jay Leno sued over Golden Temple remark", "text": "NEW YOKK: US talk show host Jay Leno has been sued by an Indian-American in California for his \"racist\" comments on the Golden Temple and ridiculing the entire Sikh community by portraying the holy shrine as a vacation home.According to court papers filed in Los Angeles Superior Court, Randeep Dhillon claims that Leno \"hurt the sentiments of all Sikh people in addition to those of the plaintiff\" with his joke that the Golden Temple could be a possible summer home of Mitt Romney , a leading Republican presidential hopeful.The celebrity website TMZ said Dhillon has filed a libel suit and is seeking unspecified damages.The suit adds that Leno's joke \"clearly exposes plaintiff, other Sikhs and their religion to hatred, contempt, ridicule and obloquy because it falsely portrays the holiest place in the Sikh religion as a vacation resort owned by a non-Sikh.It said this is not the first time that Leno has ridiculed the Sikh community.\"Previously, in 2007 he called Sikhs 'diaper heads.' Clearly, Jay Leno's racist comments need to be stopped right here,\" the suit added.In more trouble for the TV host, a Sikh rights group here has lodged a complaint with a federal agency demanding action be taken against Leno and NBC channel for airing the \"racist and derogatory\" depiction of the Golden Temple.Sikhs for Justice has filed its complaint with regulator Federal Communications Commission against Leno and NBC.FCC is tasked with regulating the broadcast of television programmes, analysing complaints and conducting investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11622065", "title": "No toilet breaks for medical students for PG entrance test", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The PG entrance test for medical students will be held on January 29. Officials said that for the first time, students will not be allowed toilet breaks for the first one-and-a-half hour of the three hour duration of the exam to avoid copying.Gujarat University (GU) officials said that this time, the PG entrance test will be held in 12 different buildings instead of the KS School of Business Management where the test was held in the past. \"There was, however, huge number of complaints that the students used to fix a time, meet in the toilet and exchange notes. This way, mass copying used to take place\", officials said.To prevent this, the GU has decided to ban the students from leaving the examination hall for a toilet break for the first one-and-half hour of the exam.In all, 1,973 students will be appearing for the PG test for 170 medical seats, 50 dental, 28 nursing and 48 physiotherapy seats.The officials said that four versions of the exam paper will be distributed to check copying. Since the test has multiple choice questions, the different versions will make it difficult for students to copy off hand.The students will be given the answer key to the PG entrance test immediately after the exam so that they can instantly know about their performance.Also, instead of teachers from medical colleges, teachers from science faculty will be roped in for supervision so that they are not able to help the students with answers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11623688", "title": "BJP tars Mayawati and brother in graft paint", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Tuesday alleged that Mayawati and her brothers had amassed wealth worth thousands of crores of rupees in the past five years and demanded a CBI inquiry.A PTI report quoting BSP said it had already rubbished the charges. The party said the allegations had been levelled by BJP out of frustration due to the party's \"rejection\" by the poor, dalits, backwards and minorities.Levelling serious charges against the UP CM, her family and friends, a BJP statement released on Tuesday said: \"On January 1, 2007 the net worth of her brother Anand Kumar's companies was less than Rs 5 crore. With the help of inflow from non-transparent dealings and income from dubious transactions, the wealth of Mayawati's family and friends group companies has crossed Rs 10,0000 crore.\"Anand Kumar's wealth has multiplied by a thousand times, claimed Kirit Somaiya, BJP national secretary, in Lucknow. \"As per records available with the government departments as on January 1, 2007, Anand Kumar had a couple of companies. In five years, during the rule of Mayawati between 2007 and 2012, the number of Kumar's companies crossed 300, he alleged.The major company Anand Kumar had on Jan 1, 2007 was Hotel Library Club Pvt Ltd, Somaiya said, and added that alleged kickbacks from non-transparent transactions of the Mayawati government were parked in these 300 dubious companies . \"In the last six months, it seems dozens of new companies have been formed by Mayawati's friends and family members. The latest example is Front Age Investments Pvt Ltd. This company has been registered with the Registrar of Company on January 13, 2012. This is the latest company registered by Anand Kumar group,\" he added.The BJP leader said the alleged scam money is diverted and invested in hotels, properties, lands and banks. Somaiya has demanded a CBI investigation on source of funds, the number of companies, the reasons behind the steep rise in Kumar's wealth. He also demanded that Mayawati and her brother should declare their connections, transparent and non-transparent financial interests in various companies.PIL DISMISSED Allahabad High Court on Tuesday dismissed a PIL challenging the Election Commission order on BSP statues. The judges said the petitioner was \"misguided in filing this frivolous petition on a misunderstanding of the correct legal position\" .Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626156", "title": "Farooq Abdullah turns singer in a musical event", "text": "Delhi was witness to a super-melodious and patriotic evening on Wednesday as Tabla legend Bickram Ghosh launched his own musical composition called Vande Mataram.On 63th Republic Day Veecon music unrevealed their audio and video, where 21 India's finest singers and musicians came together and express their feeling of patriotism and national pride by singing and giving music to Vande Mataram in their own unique style.The evening was graced by the presence of Chief Minister of Delhi Mrs Sheila Dikshit and Dr Farooq Abdullah.During the event Dr Farooq Abdullah showed his talent by singing Vande Mataram in his own style and adds a classical touch to it.We spotted Sonu Niigaam who came along with his father, Pt Vishwa Mohan Bhatt, Indian Ocean , Mahalakshmi Iyer, Bickram Ghosh with his wife Jaya and Veecon's MD JK Srivastava.India Got Talents framed Prince Group performed on the event and made the night more magical as they danced on the same song 'Vande Mataram' dressed in tri color.Bickram Ghosh's Vande Mataram will be played on all 60 airports in India on the occasion of Republic Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11622092", "title": "Chinese come to Ahmedabad to take lessons in entrepreneurship", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chinese, who have usurped major market-share world-wide, are looking at Ahmedabad to hone their entrepreneurial skills. A delegation had visited from China to attend a programme on entrepreneurship at Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDI).\"We learnt that Gujarat is the centre of entrepreneurial activities in India because of the entrepreneurial spirit among the people here as well as other geographical factors like its long coastline and a strong initiative from the state government. So it was just appropriate for us to associate with EDI in Gujarat and learn about entrepreneurship from the institute,\" said Zhou Chang Chung, deputy dean of faculty of Management and Economics at Kunming University of Science Technology in the Yunnan province in China.Chung was taking part in a faculty development programme in entrepreneurship at EDI along with associate professors at Kunming University of Science Technology Xiong Bin and Fuhong in December 2011.\"We do not have a structured programme solely dedicated to entrepreneurship in our university yet. So we want to learn from EDI on how to develop such a model for our students. At the moment, we offer entrepreneurial courses to our students, as a part of other subjects, only in the final year of the four-year programme,\" said Bin.Highlighting classroom features that were interesting to them, Bin said: \"We are impressed with the dynamic interaction between students and faculties in the classrooms in India. We notice that there is rigorous interaction, discussion and exchange of knowledge and experience among students as well as between students and faculties.\"The delegates also pointed out that the functioning of institutes like EDI, which act as a bridge between the government and the enterprises, is a very interesting system. \"We are looking forward to have faculty and students exchange between our university and EDI so that we can learn from each other. We are also proposing to set up a joint research centre with EDI at our University,\" said Bin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11624125", "title": "Bus-cab drivers' clash leave girl injured", "text": "PANCHKULA: A schoolgirl suffered injuries while as many as 40 passengers onboard a Haryana Roadways bus had a harrowing time when the bus driver scuffled with seven to eight maxi cab drivers over the carrying of passengers, on the Morni road on Tuesday morning. The bus driver managed an escape and drove the vehicle to the Chandimandir police station for help.Schoolgirl Aruna was injured when the maxi cab drivers pelted stones at the bus, and the windowpanes broke. The child was travelling to government school in Sector-7 Panchkula, and was admitted to General Hospital in Sector 6.Bus driver Prem Singh said, \"I was carrying 40 passengers from the Tikar Taal Morni route to Panchkula. It was near Old Panchkula when my vehicle was forcibly stopped by a maxi cab carrying around nine to 10 youths. They pulled me out of the bus and thrashed me.\"\"I managed to drive away the bus but the youths chased me and pelted stones. I rushed towards the police station.\" The driver said he quarreled with some maxi cab driver the previous day. A case has been registered at the Chandimandir police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11624480", "title": "Digging pits and burning plastic dangerous: IMA", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has warned the authorities against a decentralized waste management system for the city advocated by the state government.Experts at a district seminar organized by the IMA warned the authorities of serious health consequences if they go ahead with the plan.\"The idea proposed by the civic authorities to dig pits and bury the waste in it or to burn the waste in public places will have serious consequences. Burying of waste could contaminate the ground water, especially in a city like Thiruvananthapuram. The burning of waste too is not recommended because the fumes that are produced could be toxic,\" said IMA district president Dr Sreejith.He said that the civic authorities and the government should go for a centralized waste management system where in the plant can be properly monitored and certified.\"If you go for decentralized waste management, there is no guarantee that every person will have a scientific waste management system or a scientific biogas plant. It will also be a difficult task for the agencies like the Pollution Control Board to check these waste management units. Instead, if you have half a dozen centralized waste management units we can ensure safety,\" said Sreejith.The IMA observed that it was not practical to dispose the garbage generated in the households there itself.In fact, the segregation of waste should be done at the source level and waste management should be done at plants set up by the civic authorities.Sreejith said the burning of wastes could trigger serious respiratory disorders. \"Patients suffering from asthma will have serious problems with this,\" he added.Thiruvananthapuram: The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has warned the authorities against a decentralized waste management system for the city advocated by the state government.Experts at a district seminar organized by the IMA warned the authorities of serious health consequences if they go ahead with the plan.\"The idea proposed by the civic authorities to dig pits and bury the waste in it or to burn the waste in public places will have serious consequences.Burying of waste could contaminate the ground water, especially in a city likeThiruvananthapuram. The burning of waste too is not recommended because the fumes that are produced could be toxic,\" said IMA district president Dr Sreejith.He said that the civic authorities and the government should go for a centralized waste management system where in the plant can be properly monitored and certified.\"If you go for decentralized waste management, there is no guarantee that every person will have a scientific waste management system or a scientific biogas plant. It will also be a difficult task for the agencies like the Pollution Control Board to check these waste management units. Instead, if you have half a dozen centralized waste management units we can ensure safety,\" said Sreejith.The IMA observed that it was not practical to dispose the garbage generated in the households there itself.In fact, the segregation of waste should be done at the source level and waste management should be done at plants set up by the civic authorities. Sreejith said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11630215", "title": "Am I worse than terrorist? asks former ISRO chairman Madhavan Nair", "text": "BANGALORE: Bitter over the action taken against him and three other eminent space scientists on the controversial Antrix-Devas deal issue, former ISRO chairman Madhavan Nair today slammed it as \"an act of cowardice\" and accused his successor K Radhakrishnan of being behind the move and \"misleading\" the government.He also accused Radhakrishnan of having a \"personal agenda.\"He has misled the Government on the whole issue (the deal). He is the key person who worked behind this; he misled and miscommunicated to the Government and he has taken action,\" Nair said, targeting Radhakrishnan, secretary in the Department of Space and Chairman of the Space Commission.\"That individual is bent upon hitting so many people and in that process, he is killing the organisation,\" he alleged.\"This (the action) is a complete act of cowardice,\" Nair said. It was a \"clear violation of conduct and pension rules\" as well as legal aspects, said Nair, who was the key figure behind India's Chandrayaan-1 moon mission.\"Even the person who has done the terror attack in Mumbai....he is enjoying the freedom of going to 3-4 levels of appeal. Are we worse than terrorists?\", he asked.\"Even in a military rule, the people are given a hearing before condemnation is made. This (the action against us) is worse than that,\" said Nair, hurt over the action to bar him and three other scientists from holding any government post.The government action came in the wake of the controversial Antrix-Devas deal in which a private company was allotted scarce S band spectrum by ISRO allegedly violating rules, when Nair was the agency's chairman.Nair said he has not received any communication on barring him from government jobs and would apply under the RTI to get it and based on that, he would chalk out his plan of action. \"...Whole thing has been handled in an absolutely shabby way\".\"There is no enquiry conducted in the matter; there is no charge sheet issued to anybody. Without that, how can any government take punitive action?\", he asked.Nair said seven people -- three administrative and four technical -- have been named (by a committee and team which probed ISRO-Devas deal) and asked: \"Why administrative people have been totally left out?\"First of all, I don't subscribe to the view that it (the deal) is an issue,\" Nair said. The only issue is that ISRO should have informed the Government that it's entering into a deal with Devas but according to the existing rules at the time, ISRO was not supposed to do that, he said.\"It's not a violation of rules (vis-a-vis not informing the Government beforehand). \"..How they have singled out only scientists?. It's a shameful thing\".He claimed that Radhakrishnan has no idea of rules or regulation about technology and \"he will simply kill ISRO\".Calling Radhakrishnan \"a disaster,\" he said, \"I have kept quiet all these days because of my respect for ISRO\". \"You look at ISRO's programme for the last two years, that will speak volumes about where we stand\".On the regional transport aircraft project, in which he is chairman of the high-powered committee constituted by CSIR-NAL spearheading it, Nair said he submitted feasibility and project report within a year.\"I just don't care if the government is so casual in dealing with such a matter (action against the four). I just don't care. For this government, I am not going to do anything further. It's their funeral they have declared. Let the Government worry about it (the project); not me,\" Nair said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11624057", "title": "Team Anna tests Punjab waters", "text": "AMRITSAR: Team Anna arrived in the holy city on Tuesday to launch an anti-corruption campaign and to pursue people to cast their votes only after weighing the creditability of candidates and not to get swayed by populist promises. The core committee members of Team Anna initiated their Punjab visit as a campaign for \"polls against corruption\" after paying homage to martyrs of Indian freedom struggle at Jallianwala Bagh here. Later, members of India Against Corruption (IAC), including Prashant Bhushan, Manish Sisodia, Gopal Rai, Maulana Shamoon Qasmi and Anillana addressed a meeting to enlighten public about their right to vote and for enactment of a strong Jan Lokpal Bill.Maulana Shamoon Qasmi, member of IAC core committee, said IAC was not against or with any political party. They were with the general public only, who had always raised their voice for enactment of a strong Jan Lokpal Bill. He said the government had betrayed the whole country by not passing the Jan Lokpal Bill. Another member, Anillana, shared that these political parties had considered common people as \"machine to vote.\" They allured the voters with false promises and succeeded in buying their priceless votes. \"Now, this is the time to peep into the reality and unveil their corrupted faces,\" he added.\"Parties are changing since 1947. But now, it's a time to change the system. We need a system, not a party. So, whoever tries to play mudslinging games with the system must be punished,\" said Gopal Rai. Manish Sisodiya said that the recent incident of showing black flags to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh happened in Amritsar only, which is the land of warriors. \"The government will have to face such situations as long as they fail to pass Jan Lokpal Bill ,\" said he.\"We-the-people have become who-the-people for them. Now it is time to give them the answer for who-the-people,\" he added. Prashant Bhushan said, \"It's time to shun voting based on religion, caste and creed. We have to rid the system of bribes. The polling must be fair, people must vote and they should vote for the right persons only.\"Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11623377", "title": "HC reprieve for DMK MP", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday quashed four criminal cases, initiated by various banks against DMK MP, R Vasanthi Stanley, saying she had settled the claims and obtained no-dues certificates from the banks.Justice T Mathivanan, concurring with the submissions of the MP's counsel, said, \"On perusal of the averments of the petitioner (Vasanthi Stanley) as well as the no-dues certificates issued by the authorized signatories of the respective banks, this court finds that the petitioner has fully settled the dues.\"The Central Crime Branch (bank fraud wing) registered four different cases against the Rajya Sabha member, stating she had stood guarantor for loans obtained by her husband from four banks. He died later.Noting that she had merely signed without being aware of the business transactions of her husband, she said she had settled all dues on various dates in February 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623286", "title": "Republic Day: A tale for many cities", "text": "In just eight years, 2020 will be upon us. By then, our cities will be either areas of more chaos or meaningfully planned. The choice is ours. We are at a crucial junction as far as urbanism goes. The need to work vigorously on our cities and improve them is urgent and critical. Their populations have surged tremendously in the last few decades . Delhi's population increased from12.8m in 2001 to 16.3m in 2011. Bangalore grew from 5.7m to 8.5m during the same period.Our urban planners have perhaps not understood the nature of the modern city, what it takes not just to run them but to make them livable. The two key requirements of a city are: provision of basic services and social infrastructure. These need to be developed together.So what is a city? It's a dense amalgamation of buildings and people. A city must provide equity and also be sustainable. As an architect who has been closely connected with Delhi and its planning, my wish list is more about the direction we need to take so that future generations don't end up living in chaotic dysfunctional cities.The first requirement for a city is a pragmatic plan. Many of our cities such as Delhi and Bhubaneswar and even Port Blair in the Andamans have reasonably good master plans. Many also have City Development Plans which have been made an essential requirement to draw funds from the government's Urban Renewal Programme (JNNURM). But they should be updated frequently based on the changing needs of its people.And let's not forget its citizens - they need to be more pro-actively involved when evolving master plans. But often, there's lack of planning and inadequate implementation systems. This applies to all essential components of a city - streets, public transport system, traffic management , affordable housing, cars and parking , drainage, water supply, sewerage and garbage. Any deficiency in these will lead to poor quality cities which won't be able to handle the pressures of increased population and changing needs.The second requirement of a good city is good social infrastructure such as parks and places for leisure such as river and sea fronts. It needs to preserve and protect its heritage. We are a nation with a rich diversity in culture, arts and crafts and cities are great platforms for that, given the right facilities. And let's not forget good and affordable educational and healthcare facilities too.We don't have to look far. There are enough cities worldwide which have managed to radically improve the quality of life of its citizens. Take Singapore . It has managed to limit cars and has a very efficient transport system. Shanghai has wonderful footpaths everywhere. New York is actively developing cycling facilities in large parts while Holland, Denmark and other Scandinavian countries have developed cities around a bicycling infrastructure , creating a complete culture around them which is humane and ecological. There's Tokyo , the world's most populous city, which has a metro system used by 80% of the population.But a great sustainable and livable city doesn't emerge by accident and its development cannot be taken for granted. It requires hard work, cohesive planning and meticulous implementation. And high management skills.Perhaps the time has come to have an Indian Urban Service, a body of highly trained professionals who will manage the city. This could be akin to the IAS, IFS, Revenue and Forest services. There's also a need for a top-notch thinktank which develops policy and goals for urbanism. These should include the best people from various areas - town planning, urban designing, transport, energy, environment , public utilities, landscape , housing, etc.But a start has been made. JNNURM , which is some six years old, has started an ambitious development plan in many cities. The results have been encouraging. But to bring our cities to any basic level of development, many more need to be brought into its fold. More areas need to be addressed. We also need to reinvent and restructure the institutions that served us well in the past such as Town and Country Planning Organization, the DDA in Delhi and the MMRDA in Mumbai. Then, there are also research organizations such as CRRI for roads and transportation and CBRI for buildings. Reinventing them will need political will and administrative vision.There are some glimmers of hope. I met up young Navdeep Ahuja who along with another colleague , began the innocuously named Graduates Welfare Association Fazilka. They are bringing about change with the mandate of citizens participation in governance and are facilitating the creation of physical and social infrastructure across 22 cities in Punjab. The have put in place a network of cycle rickshaws called Ecocabs which can be booked through a mobile phone. They are also developing car free zones, food and culture streets in these cities. All this is being done very efficiently and at a low cost. We need many such organizations.However, my ideal of a city in 2020 is not a utopian dream. It is achievable. It has streets where people walk on wide footpaths shaded by leafy trees. Streets are usually one-third of a city's area and its most democratic segment. Public space dedicated to pedestrians reduces inequality and should be accorded priority when developing cities.Adjoining the streets should be cycle lanes where bicycles and rickshaws can sail past smoothly. It'll have a great public transport system with buses, metro and taxis. Parking will be difficult and expensive so people will use public transport rather than cars. There will be parks and gardens and the air will be clean, as pollution levels will have dropped dramatically.And then, cities will become areas of graceful living and a charmed way of life.(The writer is an architect and urban planner based in New Delhi.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622566", "title": "Agrovision gets Election Commission nod", "text": "NAGPUR: Agrovision - an exhibition for farmers patronized by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari - got a green signal from the state election commission. The expo will be held from January 27 to 30 at Reshimbagh Ground.Objections were raised alleging that holding this event at the time of NMC polls can amount to violation of election code of conduct. Following this organizers approached the election commission which gave its clearance a day ago, claimed Ravi Boratkar, managing director of MM Activ Sci-Tech Communications, one of the firms organizing this event.Although Gadkari will be present but the venue will not have banners or cut-outs having his picture. A decision on his speech during the occasion will be taken after going through the finer details of the order, said Boratkar during a press conference.Boratkar added that this year, the event will have participants from Israel as Israeli Chamber of Industry and Commerce has agreed to sent representations from six firms, of which two deal in irrigation systems.The names of the firms have not been declared yet, said Boratkar.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11623391", "title": "Robbers \u2018met\u2019 bank manager before heist", "text": "CHENNAI: Two of the four men who robbed a bank on Rajiv Gandhi Salai in the city's IT Corridor on Monday carried out a final check of the bank minutes before the heist.Police investigation has revealed that two robbers, posing as customers, entered the manager's cabin. \"They apologised, saying they had entered the wrong room, and walked out,\" an officer said. The officer said the men were most likely conducting a last check of the bank for any possible hitch before the robbery. Ten minutes later, the duo returned with their accomplices. This time the two of them were brandishing guns.According to investigating officers, bank employees did not inform police for more than 10 minutes after the gang left even though telephone lines were not cut. Some bank employees and customers still had their cellphones, even though the robbers had forced most of them to hand over their phones.Branch manager Balaji confirmed that robbers entered the bank just before the heist. But investigators said the culprits had probably staked out at the bank before the robbery. \"The robbers appeared to know the layout of the bank well. In all probability, they explored the bank days ahead of the crime,\" the investigating officer said.Joint commissioner of police K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran said that 25 teams had been formed to nab the robbers and 100 people have been questioned. The robbers' fingerprints retrieved from the bank have been sent to the State Crime Record Bureau and the National Crime Record Bureau to see if they matched the prints of known offenders.Before they escaped, the robbers warned employees and customers not to raise an alarm. \"Ten minutes after they fled, one of the customers called his driver who was waiting outside,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622242", "title": "Freeze to recede by Republic Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you are planning to attend the Republic Day parade this year, go prepared to pull off the warm layers of clothing if it gets too hot. The Met department has predicted that there may be shallow fog in the morning but it will clear up by 8.30am. The remaining day should be clear because of which the maximum temperature could be on the higher side.Wednesday, meanwhile, is likely to be cloudy though no rain is expected.\"The impact of the Western Disturbance over the western Himalayan region has been wiped out completely. In the past three days, there has not even been any significant snowfall in the hills. Shallow fog in the mornings can be expected but from January 26 till the end of the month, the sky should remain clear and the maximum temperature will not fall below 18 degrees Celsius,\" said R K Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.Met officials said the next system was expected only in the first week of February but its impact on the northwest plains could not be determined at present. From Thursday till the end of the month, the weather is expected to remain quite pleasant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11625679", "title": "Fire on Aamir Khan's reality show sets", "text": "Aamir Khan has always been known as a perfectionist. And it does not only extend to his acting and filmmaking. On Monday evening, a fire broke out on the sets of his reality TV show at Vrundavan Studio, Madh Island.Explaining the cause of the fire, an unit member added, \"Someone from the technical department was doing a routine round of check in the night. While checking the lighting section there was a spark and then the fire spread onto the entire floor. In fact, the very same day, a team of around 20 members from Aamir's office had visited the set during the day to take some creative calls.\"While this surely was an unprecedented setback, the actor had already devised an emergency plan to tackle the situation.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Aamir Khan Productions had specially hired a team of four, who were specially trained to handle such emergencies. So, to minimise casualties in the event of a fire, over and above the normal security, the four men were present on the sets.The unit member informed that though the fire spread rapidly, Aamir's security personnel attended to the fire immediately. \"It was good that they were there considering the fire brigade took some time to reach. The fire caused a lot of damage to the estimated Rs 1 crore set,\" he added.The unit member also informed us that Aamir and his employees have not been allowed entry to the fire affected areas, until the local authorities are done with their inspection.When contacted, Aamir said, \"I am just very relieved that there were no injuries or casualties. Thank God.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623612", "title": "Young voters think they can make a difference", "text": "The speeches delivered by politicians during election campaigns hardly leave any impact on young voters. During the TOI-Ipos survey,when the first-time voters were asked what would they refer to while deciding on the candidate or party of their choice, only 13% said they would depend on speeches of the candidates. In Lucknow, the percentage of such respondents was just 4%. Clearly, they take poll speeches as no more than rhetoric.Overall, the generation, born and grown up in the era of liberalisation, is very excited to cast their valuable vote. The quantum of excitement is highest in Kanpur with 84% of the youngsters evincing keen interest to exercise their right to franchise. This is closely followed by Lucknow and Varanasi, where 82% of youth are eagerly waiting for the voting day. Another heartening aspect is the confidence among the first-time voters that even one vote can make a significant difference. Almost 85% of them feel that their vote can make a difference.A whopping 92% of young voters of Allahabad feel that their vote can make a difference. Both, Lucknow and Kanpur stand second at 84%, while 80% of voters in Varanasi feel that their vote could prove to be crucial. Similarly, 87% females and 85% males feel that their vote can make some difference.Unlike Lok Sabha elections where political parties are preferred while deciding a candidate's fate, 40% first-time voters from Lucknow give importance to candidates over political parties.The voters are more inclined to votes for issue-based politicians rather than opting for a political party as a whole.The trend is just the opposite in Varanasi,where 46% youths prefer to stick to a political party while deciding whom to vote.In Allahabad, 45% youngsters believe in choosing the right candidate irrespective of the political party they belong to. The trend shows that voters are concerned with ground realities and will vote for the politician who promises change and betterment.In deciding whom to vote for, nearly 23% first-timers vow to elect 'fresh and energetic' leaders and for them caste/community, educational background, family background and financial background are the factors that matters the least.In Lucknow, majority expect their candidate to have experience and clout to exert influence. The urban educated first-timers look for real leaders with local connect, rather than inaccessible candidates. 'Dharti ka laal/hamara aadmi' type image appeals maximum of voters. Rapport with locals and knowledge of grass-roots issues inspires 22% of voters.Another significant finding is the youth's angst against corruption and employment. While 21% of voters feel motivated to vote to eradicate corruption, for 30% it's unemployment.In Varanasi, only 6% felt that corruption was an issue, the percentage of such respondent was highest in Kanpur (32%). The motivation to eradicate corruption is more among males as compared to females. Inflation, education, ideal leader, electricity, good governance, roads, water availability, pollution, bribery, reservation, hygiene, and transport facility rarely provide any enthusiasm to the first-time voters. While deciding the candidates, first-time voters consult their family the most.The survey shows that 88% of first-timers from Lucknow consult their family for information about candidates in fray,whereas in Allahabad, 65% prefer to refer to newspapers and TV as primary source for guidance/reference before they vote. Peer groups would also play a vital role as 64% of first-timers from Lucknow would like to discuss with the peers before they vote. The percentage is on the lower side in other cities.Track record of candidates will also matter a lot for voters from Allahabad. Nearly 31% of voters will decide their candidate of choice based on perception and track record. Party manifesto interests 36% of first-time voters from Lucknow. When asked about the key issues in their constituency, 100% of first-time urban voters find poor transport facilities, pollution and bad traffic management as key issues. Proper drainage system, potholes, parking space, stray animals and traffic lights and traffic rules are irksome.The voters expect better roads and traffic management from the next government.They expect their candidates to fight unemployment and crime.Only a minuscule percentage of first-time voters expect their candidates to address issues like women security, water availability, power crisis, healthcare and good governance.Voters from Allahabad are more concerned about crime and transportation. 22% of voters want their elected leaders to tackle the crime scene and the same numbers of voters are concerned of traffic scenario of Allahabad.Hygiene and pollution related issues appeal 18% of Varanasi first time voters which speaks of their concern about pollution in and around Ganga. Electricity supply is a major issue in Allahabad as 10% of first time voters think that should be in the agenda of their elected candidates.A distinct trend can be seen in price and inflation related issues as nearly 19% of female first-time voters wants their MLA to focus on the issue whereas a mere 3% of their male counterparts treat it as an issue.Has Anna Hazare's anti-corruption movement inspired to participate in voting? 84% of respondents across cities and gender say yes. 88% of females would be exercising their right to vote being promoted by Anna Hazare's movemovement against corruption.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11620554", "title": "Iyava on boil: Local residents oppose samadhi of killed sadhus, killer at the temple", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the gruesome killing of four persons including three sadhus on Sunday at Neelkanth temple in Sanand, residents of Iyava village have opposed the burial of murdered sadhus and murderer, Dharamdas, within the temple complex. A group of village leaders met with Ahmedabad rural superintendent of police on Tuesday and sought stay on the action proposed by religious groups.On Sunday, Dharamdas - one of the sadhus living at the temple and serving mahant, Somnath bapu, attacked sleeping sadhus and local youths with a heavy iron rod on their heads.The killed include Shankardas Bapu, Purannath, and an unidentified sadhu along with Prithvirajsinh Vaghela, 23, a local who helped sadhus prepare offerings for Sunday's puja. Two other youths, Mahavirsinh Jadeja, 25, and Rajdeepsinh Vaghela, 21, along with Somnath bapu were injured in the incident.Dharamdas later committed suicide near the temple's shikhar when he heard that police officials were on their way to the crime site.R K Patel, deputy superintendent of police, Sarkhej division, told TOI that members of a religious sect had come forward to propose samadhi of the slain sadhus within the temple premises as per tradition. When the local residents came to know of the plans, they gheraoed the temple and asked the sadhus to leave.\"It created a bit of tension. So we deployed police officials on the spot. On Tuesday, a group of citizens represented their case to Rajiv Ranjan Bhagat, the superintendent of police. As per their application, they don't want the sadhus, who have got killed in the incident, to be buried at the temple as they have their traditional temples to perform the ritual,\" said Patel. \"As Dharamdas is involved in such a crime, they don't want to worship his samadhi. They said that the only natural right to burial is with Somanth bapu and they would listen to his opinion on the matter.\"Investigators said that the mahant has not yet regained consciousness, two days after the incident. He has been admitted at a private hospital in Ahmedabad. Meanwhile police have stayed any activity on the temple premises till the next order, to maintain peace in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11623543", "title": "Sasikalaa\u2019s home district Tiruvarur gets new collector", "text": "CHENNAI: In yet another reshuffle of IAS officers in the state, the Tamil Nadu government on Tuesday posted M Karunakaran back in his old post as Coimbatore district collector. Rural development and Panchayat Raj deputy secretary S Natarajan has been posted as collector of Tiruvarur, replacing C Munianathan.Senior government officers say the postings of Karunakaran and Natarajan are significant. Karunakaran, said to be close to Sasikalaa Natarajan, recently expelled from the AIADMK, was directed to keep away from the office of Coimbatore collectorate and was kept on waiting list. An official release had announced his transfer soon after Sasikalaa was expelled from the party. Karunakaran reportedly shared a good rapport with Sasikalaa and her relative Ravanan, a resident of Coimbatore. Also significant is the government's move to post a new collector in Sasikalaa's native district of Tiruvarur.SIPCOT chairperson and managing director D Sabitha has been posted as school education secretary in the place of T S Sridhar. A press release said Sridhar, principal secretary (in charge) of higher education department, has been transferred and posted as an additional chief secretary of the same department. Rajesh Lakhoni, chairman and managing director, State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu (SIPCOT), has been transferred and posted as commissioner of tourism and managing director, Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation, in the place of Santosh K Misra. T N Hariharan has been transferred and posted as deputy secretary, rural development and Panchayat Raj department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11623073", "title": "'Water contamination is a major issue here'", "text": "NASHIK: Residents of the Hanumanwadi area (ward no. 7) in the Panchavati division of the city have complained of getting contaminated water and have demanded that the old pipeline supplying water to the locality be replaced.The area, one of the major wards in the Panchavati division, includes the Hanumanwadi, Kranti Nagar and Ramwadi localities. The population of the predominantly middle-class ward is around 19,000. The sitting corporators in the ward are Sanjay Navle (Shiv Sena) and Ashok Mutardak, who just quit the Shiv Sena and joined the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS).Local Ashok Jagtap said, \"We have been getting foul-smelling, contaminated water from the past few days. We have complained several times, but no measures were taken by the NMC in this regard. Besides, a drainage line running close by has also burst. The NMC administration started repair work around eight to nine days after we lodged a complaint. Some of the streetlights in the area are also not functioning.\" The contamination complaint was a common one in this area.\"Road work was started in the area ahead of the NMC elections. But the situation of internal roads in the area has been very bad from the past four-five years. Generally, most development work is carried out when elections are due,\" Jagtap added.Yashodabai Tajane, another resident, said, \"We have been getting contaminated water from the past the last seven-eight days. The water we get has bad odour. This is the problem we are facing for the last 7-8 years as we suddenly get contaminated water with bad odour.\"Sunita Sonawane and Hannabi Raut, other locals from Hanumanwadi area also repeated the same complaints of contaminated water.\"Sanitation work is not carried out properly. Sweepers clean the area only twice a month, so people just chuck their garbage everywhere. We do have all the basic amenities like sufficient water, good internal roads, streetlights, etc.,\" said local resident Tukaram Handore.Meanwhile, residents from the Krantinagar and Ramwadi areas were satisfied with the developmental work carried out in their localities. Krantinagar local Nilesh Suryavanshi said, \"We are getting all the basic facilities like water, good internal roads, streetlights, etc.\"Ramwadi resident L B Sarde said, \"We have no complaints and are satisfied with the work carried out by the sitting corporator Sanjay Bagul We are getting enough water and there is no problem of streetlights here. Sanitary works are also carried out very well.\"Bagul said, \"We have still not received any complaints about contaminated water. It is true that there is an old pipeline near the area, but we have already laid down two new water pipelines parallel to the old one and got permissions for new connections for the local residents. It is their job to get their water connections in place.\"\"In last five years, I have carried out developmental work amounting to Rs 60 crore in the area, including the concretization of Lendi nullah, tarring and widening of the Y-Junction Road, laying of water pipelines, concretization of the main Hanumanwadi and Dalwi Road, etc.,\" Bagul added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11623179", "title": "Tutor held for murder of girl, brother", "text": "JAIPUR: A tuition teacher was arrested on Tuesday for brutally killing an 18-year-old Class XII student and her brother in the city on Monday night. While the girl was murdered at her house in Sanganer, her 24-year-old brother was murdered at Dussehra Ground in Pratap Nagar. The police believe that the accused first attempted to rape the girl and then killed her and her brother at two different locations.The tuition teacher, Tarachand Bairwa, had a relationship with the girl for the past two years and was suspecting that the girl was getting close to someone else recently. So he killed her, said police. The girl's brother had also come to know about their relationship a week ago. Suspecting that the brother would spill the beans before the police, the teacher killed him also.According to the police, the girl, identified as Bhagya Sri alias Guddu, was a Class XII student at Veenavadini School and stayed at Sector 63/54 near Shyopur Road in Sanganer police station area. Her 24-year-old brother Chandrashekhar was an employee at a jewellery firm.\"Their parents had gone to attend a family function in Malpura and when returned on Monday night, they found the door of the house locked from outside,\" said a police officer.Their father Mohan Lal Dadheech enquired about Bhagya Sri and Chandrashekhar with the neighbours, but everybody expressed ignorance. \"The he spotted some blood stains on the wall near a water tank in the house. When he opened the tank, he found his daughter's body,\" said the officer.The postmortem of the girl's body has been conducted. \"Prima-facie, the possibility of rape of the girl cannot be ruled out,\" said the officer.He added that the girl also had injury marks on her body. Meanwhile, police was informed by some passer-by about a body lying in the Dussehra Ground.\"It was that of Bhagya Sri's brother Chandrashekhar. He had repeatedly been stabbed,\" said the officer.\"The accused lived in the neighbourhood and used to give tuition classes to the girl,\" said the officer.He added that it has come up during investigation that the teacher had gone to the girl's house in the afternoon. \"Mobile call details suggest that Tarachand had called up Chandrashekhar late in the evening. It seems that he called Chandrashekhar to the Dussehra Ground and both consumed alcohol there,\" said the officer.Police said that Tarachand stabbed him repeatedly with a sharp-edged weapon. The police have also found some food items near the place where the body was recovered. His body was found with at least 50 wounds in the Dussehra ground.\"To prepare an alibi, Tarachand admitted himself to a hospital on Monday. But he has confessed to the murder. Blood stains were found on his clothes and nails,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11622109", "title": "Mahatma's Mexican fans make Vidyapith their home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Anna Hazare may be projected as the 21st century Gandhi who is using the Mahatma's ways towards ridding the country of corruption. But the only Gandhian university in the world - Gujarat Vidyapith - has few takers for its course on Gandhian thought. The silver lining, however, is that Gandhiji's aura has continued to spread across the world, and this is reflected in foreign students regularly coming to the Vidyapith to better understand the apostle of peace.Latest in the group is three professors from Mexican universities who have chosen to live in Ahmedabad for three years as part of a faculty exchange programme. At the end of it, they hope to take a little bit of Gandhi back with them.The professors will learn Gujarati in the first year and then translate some of Gandhiji's writings from Gujarati to Spanish in the remaining two years. \"We see no point in translating Gandhiji's writing from English, which is already a translation,\" says Zarina Estello Aguirre Lozano, one of the professors from Universidad de Guadalajara who have come to the Vidyapith as part of the programme. \"We would prefer to translate from original Gujarati so that the essence is maintained.\"Besides the language, the professors also want to soak in the experiences of the city of Ahmedabad which prepared Gandhiji for the final assault on the Raj. \"We want to understand the environment and the culture of Gujarat and then translate Gandhiji's writings,\" said Alberto Guillermo Lopez Ruiz, who teaches politics back home. \"We hope to take back a Gandhi with us that people in our country don't know.\"The professors add they have many books available in Mexico but they want to go beyond the available literature. They also hope to write about the Gujarati people.\"In Mexico, we are taught Gandhi as part of world history. The Mahatma commands a lot of respect in our country. He is seen as a freedom fighter and a man who stood for truth and non-violence,\" says Antonio Rodriguez , professor of administration. \"We will live on vegetarian food because Gandhi believed in it. We have also decided to live in the Vidyapith campus. At present, we are living on rice and dal, and plan to learn about more varieties of Gujatrati food.\"Kamlersh Dave of the Vidyapith, who speaks Spanish, has started teaching the group Gujarati, \"They seem to be quick learners,\" he says of his new students. \"They have already started constructing small sentences.\"The Vidyapith recently signed MoUs with three Mexican universities -University of San Luis, University of Guadalajara and the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM). The deal took almost three years of hectic paper work correspondences and visits of institutional heads. The first part of the program includes participants coming to the Vidyapith to learn Gujarati, while students from Vidyapith will be in Mexico to learn Spanish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11622790", "title": "Arrest heat on CPM men after campus row", "text": "KOLKATA: What started as a political showdown between rival student organizations SFI and Trinamool Chhatra Parishad at Netajinagar College has ended up with a criminal charge being slapped on some CPM activists.The complaint has nothing to do with the college election. Suricha Mazumdar, a first year science student and a TMCP candidate, complained to police that some CPM activists snatched her necklace during Friday's fracas. The 'snatching' apparently happened when 100 policemen - including a company of Rapid Action Force - stood guard on the campus.Suricha made the complaint at Patuli police station on Friday evening. Her complaint was one of three on the campus fracas but it was the only one turned into an FIR the next day, after the overnight transfer of the Patuli office-in-charge Uttam Mukherjee.So while, TMCP and SFI members reportedly involved in the college fracas are out on bail, local CPM leaders now face arrest under non-bailable sections for the chain snatching.Suricha has named CPM leaders Jayatu Bose, Utpal Sur Roy, Monoj Kar, Gautam Guha and others of attacking her and snatching her chain.Two other complaints were made by TMCP and SFI on the campus ruckus but police lodged a case under non-bailable sections 379, 506, 323 and 114 IPC against CPM leaders only on Suricha's complaint, say sources. DCP, south suburban division, Biswarup Ghosh said: \"Since complaints have been made, we are investigating them.\"According to police sources, the brother of a Trinamool minister had reportedly called police urging them to convert Suricha's complaint into an FIR on Saturday. The Patuli police initially tried to explain that they would find it difficult to prove that a snatching took place right in front of a hundred policemen but the caller flew into a rage, say sources.Having lodged an FIR, Patuli police are now investigating three separate cases (Numbers 41, 42 and 43, January 20) on the same incident with contradictory complaints. Case Nos. 41 and 43 were registered on the basis of a TMCP complaint against four CPM workers and a college SFI leader. \"It was a complaint of manhandling, intimidation and minor scuffle\" an officer said.A counter complaint (No. 42) was also registered on the claim of Subhasis Jha, a student, that Trinamool councilor Tapan Das, TMCP members Kohinoor Mazumdar and Dablu Singh and two other college students assaulted him. Das allegedly led the attack at Jadavpur Vidyapith, as well. Jha submitted his medical report to buttress his complaint but police chose to act only against the college students, sparing the Trinamool leaders.The college union elections on Friday turned out to be a turf war between Trinamool and CPM as college students looked on helplessly. More than 500 supporters of both parties swarmed the roads accusing each other of foul play. The election was stopped indefinitely after the ballot boxes were broken in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622478", "title": "Road repairs come off in three days, NMC orders entire stretch redone", "text": "NAGPUR: A surprise inspection by NMC engineers has exposed the shoddy quality of road works being done on a war footing all over the city. The NMC has now ordered entire stretch of South Ambazari Road between Deekshabhoomi and Mate square to be relaid just three days after it was repaired.The quality of original work was so bad that it came apart almost immediately. But for the chance inspection, Rs 92 lakh public money would have gone down the drain.With an eye of elections, Bharatiya Janata Party led NMC has started road works all over the city. With extensive work being carried out the contractors and NMC officials seem to be having a field day. NMC has undertaken road works at an expense of Rs 32 crore.The work from Deekshabhoomi to Mate square and Mate square to Hingna T-Point was started a few days ago at the cost of Rs 47 lakh and 56 lakh respectively. PMA Constructions was to complete patch work on 200 metres followed by surface layer of 900 metres from Deekshabhoomi to Mate square. OG Bajaj Constructions was to do patch work on 156 metres followed by surface layer 1,250 metres on the remaining stretch.The patch work from Deekshabhoomi to Mate square was done on Sunday. However, it started to come off on Monday. The material came lose and was spread all over. Chief engineer AN Shambarkar and executive engineer GD Jambhulkar learnt of the same and inspected the road separately. By Tuesday morning, patch work was in total material had totally come off. In the afternoon, workers of the contractor removed the material.'Contractor did not apply tack coat properly'Chief engineer AN Shambarkar told TOI the contractor had not applied tack coat (tar spread on the surface of road) before spreading bitumen (tar mixed material) in the bad patches. \"Besides, tar was used in less quantity and also the standard of material was not up to the mark. Thus, the patch work started to come off,\" he said.Jambhulkar issued a notice on January 23 to the contractor and directed him to remove the work done. \"Contractor has to do the work again on the patches. We will ensure that the work is done up to the mark or the payment would not be released,\" he said. Similar work was also done from Mate square to Subhash Nagar T-point. Here too, the patchwork is substandard but has not come off completely. Besides, the contractor has started work of surface layer that would hide what went inside.On Tuesday afternoon, Shambarkar and executive engineer (projects) Ramesh Hotwani collected samples from the site. \"Substandard work is being done on this road too. The quantity of tar is less quality of material inferior. The surface layer is not pressed properly. Besides, the super elevation work was not carried out on curve near petrol pump. Instructions will be issued to the executive engineer on Wednesday to ensure work is done properly,\" Shambarkar said.However, he said no action would be taken against junior engineers RK Phale and OP Lakde supposed to supervise the work. \"Engineers are on election duty and so might failed to monitor the work. The contractors are to blame. Their payment will not be released,\" he said.These cases point to frightening possibility of roads being repaired after years of neglect going to seed again in a few months. The liability period of contractor is two years but NMC rarely invokes this to have roads redone at contractors' expense. In this case, the contractor was exposed as the patchwork came off immediately. If the surface layer would have been laid over it, the fault would have been buried and road gone bad during rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11622763", "title": "S K Birla to reward Dhakuria bravehearts", "text": "KOLKATA: S K Birla, the chairman emeritus of S K Birla Group and one of the senior members of the Birla family, will reward some of the local boys who risked their lives to save a number of patients from AMRI Hospitals last month.Bharat Sevashram Sangha, the leading philanthropic institution, is associated with the initiative. \"The heroic and selfless act of local youths deserves to be rewarded. This is our duty to encourage these people,\" Birla said.Birla has announced that he will fund the cost of job-oriented training for 16 boys who took part in the rescue operation. Bharat Sevashram Sangha, whose monks rushed to the spot soon after the fire broke out, is helping to identify the beneficiaries.\"We have found out that some of the young bravehearts were already pursuing vocational courses and, with the help of Bharat Sevashram Sangha, we've decided to fund the cost of education for 16 of them. I have no doubt that the initiative will encourage more young men to come forward with helping hand whenever needed,\" Birla said.In a letter acknowledging Birla's initiative, Swami Biswatmananda, joint secretary, Bharat Sevashram Sangha, said: \"We are happy to be associated with S K Birla Group for their endeavour to encourage the bravehearts by way of help for educational expenses, especially for the job related studies connected with technical and vocational courses.\"An official of S K Birla Group pointed out that the present initiative may be regarded as an extension of various welfare activities already being undertaken by the group in Kolkata and these include, among others, generous donations to Bharat Sevasharam Sangha for its massive hospital in South 24 Parganas district, running a school for bustee children at Chetla in association with Chetla Sri Ma Sarada Seva Kendra and medical vans in rural areas in association with Bharat Sevashram Sangha and Vivekananda Swasthya Seva Sangha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11623944", "title": "Woman fights snatchers, shot", "text": "KOLKATA: Bike-borne goons fired at a woman and her daughters, aged 10 and four, at a Kasba playground when she fought off their attempts to snatch her mangalsutra on Tuesday evening. Vidya Desai, 35, was shot in the abdomen and lay bleeding for about 10 minutes as her neighbours froze in horror.The children kept crying over their slumped mother, unable to comprehend what had happened. The elder girl was finally jolted by the growing pool of blood and ran to call her father, a central excise officer. Vidya is now in ICU in a critical condition. A CAT scan shows a bullet lodged in her body. This incident will make every Kolkatan think twice before visiting the neigbourhood park or even taking an evening walk in their locality.Vidya was playing badminton with her daughters Rachna and Prerna at a playground a stone's throw from her home on RK Chatterjee Road when three men on a \"black bike\" screeched to a halt beside her. \"One of them snatched my mother's mangalsutra and they tried to speed off but ma turned around and latched on to the bike,\" said Rachna. The goons revved the bike but Vidya kept pulling them back, throwing them off balance. \"One of them pulled out a pistol and started firing,\" said Rachna. Vidya staggered back after being shot and the trio jumped on the bike and fled with the necklace.But Vidya wouldn't give up and ran after them, doubled over and trying to stem the blood flow with both her hands, said a neighbour Amalesh Yadav. \"She chased the snatchers to a lane adjoining the field but then collapsed,\" said Yadav. He saw the police pick three bullet casings from the spot. Rachna and Prerna ran over to their mother, weeping and trying to pull her up. Rachna seemed horrified but gathered enough nerve to run home to call her father, Rama Rao Desai. \"When I reached, she was bleeding profusely. I took her to the Ramakrishna Mission Hospital,\" Desai said. \"I am shocked. The bullets could have killed my wife or daughters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11624412", "title": "IMA facility to help renew registrations", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Medical Council has decentralised the process of renewal of registration with the Indian Medical Association (IMA). The IMA, Pune branch, has been authorised to provide renewal of registration facility for doctors in Pune district. Valid registration is mandatory for practice or for working as a doctor/medical officer, otherwise, it becomes an offense. The facility is for renewal of registration for all doctors and those who have renewed their registration in 2007.Documents for renewal of MMC registration includes two copies of application forms (photograph affixed on one copy only), MMC original registration certificate (obtained after internship) with its photocopy, MMC identity card and photocopy (obtained in 2007), one more passport size recent photograph, CME (continued medical education) credit certificates and one photocopy each date-wise. Candidates will be charged Rs 500 for MMC renewal. An IMA member will be charged Rs 100 and Rs 200 will be charged to non-IMA members as administration charges.\"The member will have to come personally. The member renewing in IMA Pune branch will get back their original certificates across the table right away after due verification,\" said surgeon Ambarish Shahade, president, IMA, Pune.\"There are over 12,000 registered qualified allopathic doctors and those whose last renewal was done in 2007 in Pune district. They need to renew it before February 29. For the first time in history, Maharashtra Medical Council has authorised NGO like IMA to verify the credentials and collect fees on its behalf and forward the documents and fees to MMC. It is a good example of public-private partnership ( PPP),\" said senior paediatrician Jayant Navarange.If a doctor, MBBS and above is not re-registered as per the MMC Act, his practice will be actionable offence and will amount to negligence per se.The facility is on between 2 pm and 5 pm from January 24 including Saturdays and Sundays except January 26. For details and appointment call IMA Pune branch on 24464771 / 24430042 / 32318774.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622497", "title": "Court seeks details on Bombay Dyeing new construction", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday asked Bombay Dyeing to give details regarding the status of its construction on over 10 hectares of mill land in Naigaum, Dadar (E) and Lower Parel.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi was hearing a petition by Bombay Dyeing and Manufacturing Company Limited, seeking to differ handing over one-third of its mill land to BMC and another one-third to Mhada for construction of recreation grounds and housing for mill workers and transit accommodation. To submissions by its counsel, Navroze Seervai, stating the the firm would anyway hand over the land after completing 30% of the proposed construction, the court asked what good it would do to differ transfer of land.\"Whether it will take two years or fifty, will you also differ handing the land to these authorities,\" asked Justice Shah. Raising concerns that such activity could be differed indefinitely, Justice Dalvi intervened to ask Seervai how much of the construction has been completed till date. Seervai said he had to take instructions. The judges also asked him to state the time-frame by when they would complete 30% of the work.(Additional government pleader G W) Mattos took umbrage to the conduct of Bombay Dyeing who, before the monitoring committee, had promised to hand over the land once their plans were amended. \"Subsequently, they changed their stand, saying they would have to look into the aspect of construction of the mill workers' houses on site,\" he said. He also argued that permission for closure of the Bombay Dyeing Mills was conditional to the handling over of the requisite land to BMC and Mhada. The judge, on suggestion by Mattos, directed BMC to furnish particulars for the proportion of construction on site by the firm, and adjourned the matter to February 3.Bombay High Court on Tuesday asked Bombay Dyeing to give details regarding the status of its construction on over 10 hectares of mill-land at Naigaum, Dadar (East) and Lower Parel and the time-frame for its completion.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi were hearing a petition by Bombay Dyeing and Manufacturing Company Limited seeking to differ handing over one-third of its mill-land to Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation and another one-third to Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority for construction of recreation ground and housing for mill-workers and transit accomodation. To submissions by its counsel Navroze Seervai that it would anyway hand over the land after completing 30 percent of the construction, the court sought to know what good would it do differ transfer of land.Whether it will take two years or fifty years, will you also differ handing the land to these authorities?'' asked Justice Shah. Raising concerning that such activity could be differed indefinitely, Justice Dalvi intervened to ask Seervai how much of the construction was carried on till date. Seervai said he had to take instructions.The judges also asked him to state the time-frame by when they will complete 30 percent of the proposed construction.Mattos took umbrage to the conduct Bombay Dyeing who before the monitoring committee had promise to hand over the land once their plans were amended. Subsequently they changed their stand saying they would have to look into the aspect of construction of the mill-workers houses on site,'' he said. He also argued that the permission for closure of the Bombay Dyeing mills was conditional to the handing over of the requisite land to BMC and MHADA. The judges on suggestion by Mattos directed BMC to furnish particulars for the proportion of the construction carried on site by Bombay Dyeing and adjourned the matter to February 3, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622458", "title": "Govt mulls on new hospital rules", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is mulling an option to amend the rules so that new hospitals coming up in Mumbai and the rest of Maharashtra cannot have operating theatres (OTs) and intensive care units (ICUs) on higher floors.\"In case a fire breaks out, the elevators are shut down. If OTs and ICUs are on higher floors, then evacuating patients will be an uphill and risky business for any agency. To ensure safety of patients, the department is of the opinion that the OT and ICU be on the lower floors,\" said Suresh Shetty, public health minister. \"If needed, existing norms would be changed to meet the requirement,\" Shetty added.The decision comes close on the heels of a blaze in a Kolkata hospital which claimed 93 lives.Architect Chandrasekhar Prabhu said, \"It is good thinking to have the ICU and OT on lower floors.\" He added, \"A separate ramp should be created at a safe distance from the hospital building. The ramp should be constructed in such manner that it has connectivity with all floors of the hospitals and fire cannot reach the emergency route as it would be used for rescuing patients or their relatives during any calamity.\"When asked what the state administration would do about the existing government and private hospitals with OTs and ICUs on higher floors, Shetty said, \"One cannot do much about the existing hospitals. Still, the department has organized an interactive seminar of hospitals with top architects of the city. The architects may suggest some alteration in the existing hospital structure, if possible, or else will suggest alternatives to deal with calamities.\"Reacting to recent news reports that 75% of hospitals were in violation of fire safety norms, Shetty said, \"The report of the hospitals' fire audit is yet to reach Mantralaya corridors. Management of the erring hospitals will be asked to make changes in the system so that they (hospitals) comply with the norms.\"According to health department officials, immediately after the civic elections are over, a high-level meeting would be called in Mantralaya. The meeting, chaired by Shetty, will be attended by senior health department officials, additional chief secretary (health) Jayant Kumar Banthia, principal secretary (health) Bhushan Gagrani and senior DHS official Vikas Kharge. Officials from the urban development, civic and fire brigade officials will also be called for the meeting. The civic elections in ten municipal corporation are scheduled on February 16 and counting a day later.Having operation theatre (OT) and intensive care units (ICU) on higher floors will create a major hurdle for management in getting permission to start new hospitals. The state government is mulling an option to amend the rules in such a manner that new hospitals coming up in Mumbai and rest of Maharashtra cannot have OT and ICU on the higher floors of the hospital building.\"In case of fire break out, the functioning of elevator is stopped. Same rules are applicable for the hospitals too. If OT and ICU are on higher floors then evacuating patients would be an uphill and risky business for any agency. To ensure safety of patients, the department is of the opinion that the OT and ICU should be on the lower floors,\" Suresh Shetty, public health minister told TOI. \"If needed existing norms would be changed to meet the requirement,\" Shetty added.The decision to amend the rules comes close on the heels of a fire tragedy at the Kolkata hospital.Meanwhile city based architect Chandrasekhar Prabhu, said, \"It is good thinking to have ICU and OT on lower floors.\" Further suggesting another solution to the department, Prabhu said, \"A separate ramp should be created at a safe distance from the hospital building. The ramp should be constructed in such manner that it has connectivity with all floors of the hospitals and despite that fire cannot reach the emergency route as it would be used for rescuing patients or their relatives during the casualty.\"When asked what would state administration do about the existing government and private hospitals having OT and ICU on higher floors, Shetty said, \"One cannot do much with the existing hospitals. But, still the department has organised an interactive seminar of hospitals with top architects of the city. In this seminar architects might suggest some alteration in the existing hospital structure, if possible or else will suggest alternate measures to deal with the casualty.\"Further reacting to the recent news reports of 75 per cent hospitals violating the fire safety norms, Shetty said, \"The report of fire audit of hospitals is yet to reach the Mantralaya corridors. Management of the erring hospitals will be asked to make changes in the system so that they (hospitals) comply with the norms.\"According to health department officials, immediately after the civic elections are over a high level meeting would be called in Mantralaya. The meeting chaired by Shetty will be attended by senior health department officials, additional chief secretary (health) Jayant Kumar Banthia, principal secretary (health) Bhushan Gagrani and senior DHS official Vikas Kharge. Also officials from the urban development, civic and fire brigade officials would be called for the meeting. The civic elections in ten municipal corporation are scheduled on February 16 and counting a day later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11612974", "title": "Shammi Kapoor\u2019s life on 70 mm", "text": "The Rang De Basanti director will pay a heartfelt tribute to the late icon; it will be a documentary on his lifeRakeysh Omprakash Mehra is all set to make a documentary on the life and times of Shammi Kapoor , the iconic actor who passed away in August last year due to chronic renal failure.The documentary will be the Rang De Basanti director's heartfelt tribute to Shammi, who, to his mind, personified everything Bollywood. \"Shammi's was a joyous celebration of life; he was the first dancing star of the industry. Before him, our superstars, including the great triumvirate of Raj Kapoor , Dilip Kapoor and Dev Anand, didn't dance,\" says Rakeysh emphatically.Shammi brought with him a sense of positivity and hope that independent India desperately needed at the time; he sounded a wake up call for India's youth, says Rakeysh. \"From the pessimism of Guru Dutt's Jinhe naaz hai Hind par woh kahan hain, Shammi took us kicking, screaming, singing and dancing Hum pyar ke toofanon se ghire hain hum kya kare,\" he explains.\"Shammi's presence was liberating. With him, heroes became boys, and I'm not talking about their age. It was the attitude of exuberance, positivity, wonderment and celebration. From Shammi to Ranbir Kapoor , our heroes continue to be boys to this day,\" Rakeysh continues.Apparently, the director's search for Bollywood ended with Shammi while researching his documentary, Bollywood The Greatest Love Story Ever Told. \"One evening, I was with Shammi till the wee hours and we talked cinema, both his and mine. I remember he held my hand and told me never to lose sight of my creative vision. I've held on to that,\" reminisces Rakeysh.Work on the Shammi documentary is slated to begin after completion of Rakeysh's Bhaag Milkha Bhaag in July. \"It's something I need to do for myself more than anyone else,\" he says on an ending note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11630258", "title": "Leonardo DiCaprio wants a girl like his mother", "text": "Leonardo DiCaprio says his ideal woman is like his mother.The 'J. Edgar' actor is currently dating model Erin Heatherton but he admits any girlfriend has a lot to live up to because he compares them to his beloved mum, Irmelin.He said: \"My mother is the centre of my life. To have a woman like that in your life, who is strong, who'll be honest with you about who you are... that's something I treasure. And it's something I look for in a woman.\"Leonardo - who has previously dated models Gisele Bundchen and Bar Refaeli - also revealed how his love life suffered when he starred in 1997 blockbuster 'Titanic', because it transformed him into a worldwide heartthrob.Leonardo - who starred in the romantic blockbuster alongside Kate Winslet - is quoted by the Daily Express newspaper as saying: \"I had better success meeting girls before I did the film. My interactions with them didn't have the stigma behind it.\"Last year, the 37-year-old actor split from 'Gossip Girl' actress Blake Lively after five months of dating and has been linked to several models since.Leonardo has previously admitted he is unsure if he will ever marry because seeing other people's failed unions has put him off tying the knot.He explained: \"I don't know whether I'll ever get married. I've seen too many supposedly happy marriages go down. I've been as shocked as anyone.\"No one can look at the marriages of other people and make a judgment. I don't know the private lives of the actors I work with. I just know if they are good actors or good directors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11623127", "title": "Excise dept seizes smuggled liquor, Rs 87,000 confiscated", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik branch of the State Excise Department raided a den of smuggled liquor in the Trimbak area of the district confiscating Daman-made liquor worth Rs 87,360.Superintendent of the Nashik Unit of the State Excise Department, JB Patil said that as part of the special drive undertaken by the department, the stock of smuggled liquor was raided at around 8.15 am on Tuesday.As many as 1,584 nips of country liquor and 240 bottles of Kingfisher Strong beer were recovered during the raid in the tribal area of the Trimbakeshwar tehsil. The action was undertaken by an 18-member flying squad , led by PI Suryakant Pathak.The action is part of the three day special drive on backdrop of the Republic Day celebration. Meanwhile, the Excise Department has launched a tirade all across the district to burst dens of illicit liquor and also stop the smuggling of liquor from the adjoining parts of the district.Patil said that his department has registered 95 offences from January 1 and arrested 43 accused involved into either smuggling of liquor, preparing duplicate liquor or illicit liquor. The seized liquor includes 549 litres of illicit liquor, 2,026 lites of country liquor, and 2,533 litre of Daman made liquor. The department has also confiscated a Maruti Omni van, a Maruti 800 car and a motorcycle, all worth Rs 16.36 lakh.Meanwhile, SP JB Patil said that police intervention was largely noticed in the rural parts of the district in Excise related matters. Police personnel have been terrorising and fining IMFC/CL license holder for no reason while the Excise department is competent enough to tackle issues under their jurisdiction. This was nothing but affecting our revenue collection.Patil said on this backdrop, a departmental order from the chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad to Director General of Police K Subramaniyam, recently has come as a great respite. If there is a breach of licence condition or rule, which is a compoundable offence, the District Collector has the authority under section 104 of the Bombay Prohibition Act to fine the concerned licensee. The police taking action hampers the revenue generation from the Excise Department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11623086", "title": "Disputed wards on netas' minds", "text": "NASHIK: While the Congress and the NCP have decided to form a pre-poll alliance for the upcoming elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), there are some wards where both the parties have influential aspirants, which might pose to be a hurdle in smooth seat distribution. The problem has mainly arisen because both the parties had contested the 2007 polls against each other.For instance, the newly formed wards 9, 17 and 21 are disputed and a decision on which party would contest from each of these wards will be taken only after due discussion between both the parties on Wednesday.In ward 17, created by merging wards 51 and 52, both the sitting corporators are known to be politically strong. Sitting corporator of ward 52 Sadashiv Mali (NCP), who comes under OBC male candidate category, is likelu to get a ticket, NCP party leaders said.The female candidate in this prabhag (which is a multiple-member ward) comes under the open category and as a solution, Congress leaders are trying to coax sitting coporator of ward 51, Dinkar Patil (Congress) to field his wife from the ward. \"Whatever the decision is, it will be taken amicably by the parties,\" said NCP's city chief, Gajanan Shelar.The other disputed ward is number 21, where both the Congress and the NCP are asking for seats. \"The male general candidate from this ward has not yet been finalized by either party. Among the women , Yogita Aher of the Congress has applied for a ticket, while former mayor Prakash Mate's son, Vikrant Mate, from the NCP, is also in the fray,\" said a senior Congress leader. He also said that Aher is being strongly recommended by Jayprakash Chhajed of Congress.Ward no. 9, which was earlier ward 10, is under the scanner for different reasons. Congress leaders are skeptical about sacrificing their claim over the seat for sitting corporator Kavita Kardak (BSP), saying that though she may have joined the NCP, she still has inclinations towards the BJP-Sena combine. \"The Congress is not prepared to leave its claim for the seat lest she switches loyalties,\" said a senior Congress leader.Kardak said that she has been invited by the NCP, but nothing has been finalized as yet.Party insiders reveal that the decision is final but fear that she may ask for saffron support again. Kardak said, \"I had been elected in the general female category. In the fray is Congress candidate Balasaheb Waghmare, who comes under the reserved category. Female candidates in the general category have not yet been finalized. The Congress and NCP have no female candidate here. This is an all-category ward, general candidates are very few.\"\"The chief minister is deliberating over the seat-sharing issue and everything will be finalized by Wednesday,\" said Shelar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11622967", "title": "NCP may tie up with Gavai faction for civic polls", "text": "AMRAVATI: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) which has decided to contest independently was mulling to join hands with Republican Party of India (Gavai faction) for Amravati civic elections, said former MLA Sulbha Khodke.Addressing a press conference on Tuesday here, Khodke also announced the entry of three rebels, two from Congress and one from BJP into NCP.Congress corporator Sanjay Shirbhate, former BJP corporator Rashmi Nawandar and husband of Congress corporator Vijaya Bambal and Milind Bambal joined hands with NCP after they were denied ticket. This was for the third time that Rashmi has switched party.Nawandar was a BJP corporator. Then she joined Congress and now that she was denied ticket from Ambapeth ward she joined NCP. Congress corporator Sanjay Shirbhate was also denied candidature by Congress. Milind Bambal, who also addressed the press conference, said that he had not sought ticket from any party for the civic polls.Khodke said that NCP had always encouraged women and taking advantage of the reservation facility we have decided to give candidature to 44 women and 43 men for Amravati Municipal Corporation polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11620788", "title": "Pulses industry demands lifting ban on exports", "text": "INDORE: The pulses industry demanded the government to lift the ban on the export of pulses. The government imposed the ban on export of pulses some five years back.Talking to ToI in Indore on Tuesday on the sidelines of the announcement of The Global Pulses Conclave, which will be held in Mumbai from February15 to 17, Bimal Kothari, vice-president, India Pulses and Grains Association (IPGA), said, \"We are in talks with the government to allow the export of pulses with certain quantity of restriction\".India is the largest producer, consumer and importer of pulses in the world. However, the country was unable to export pulses thanks to the ban imposed on it by the government, said Kothari.Nearly 450 delegates, including 150 from India, were likely to attend the forthcoming event, which will be held by IPGA, which was known as Pulses Importers' Association of India until a year ago.Expressing his happiness over the declining prices of pulses price, Kothari said that the prices of pulses decreased in the country by 40% over past one and half years and the trend was likely to continue for some more time.The reason he cited was the good production of pulses. Even though the production of pulses was likely to be marginally down 5% to 17 million tonne during the current fiscal, when compared to the last fiscal's mark of 18.2 million tonne in the country, it was not likely to affect the prices of pulses in the country, hoped Kothari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11622186", "title": "Goa elections: Bars to shut by 10pm from February 6", "text": "PANAJI: The North Goa district election officer Mihir Vardhan on Tuesday said that election authorities have identified around 38 vulnerable polling stations and about 80 hypersensitive or critical polling stations in North Goa. He explained that vulnerable polling stations are those where voters may either be prevented from voting through threats or lured to vote through inducements.The constituency-wise vulnerable polling stations are as follows: Bicholim (19, 20, 22, 23); Mapusa (38, 39, 40); Saligao (30), Taleigao (1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 39, 40, 41); St Cruz (7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14); Sanquelim (14); Poriem (46, 47); Valpoi (40, 41, 42, 43, 44); Ponda (11, 12, 13, 41); Shiroda (30).Vardhan said this is a tentative list and the list will be firmed up once the nominations are finalized. There will be one sector officer for 10 such vulnerable polling stations and along with the police, he will visit these polling stations to build up voter confidence and to encourage them to vote.The hypersensitive or critical polling stations are those where there is possibility of a law-and-order situation due to rivalries, where a candidate garnered 75% votes in the last election or where there are missing voters without family linkages.The North Goa superintendent of police Waman Tari said that police have identified 81 history sheeters in the district and that police have already started preventive action against anti-social elements from disrupting the electoral process. He said that such anti-social elements will be bound under various sections of the law.The North Goa district collector revealed that police had recommended three cases to him for action under the NSA, but he had returned these to the police to strengthen the grounds for such action.Meanwhile, all liquor shops, bars, restaurants and eateries in North Goa will close at 11pm with effect from January 25 till February 5 as per the order issued on Tuesday by Vardhan, the North Goa collector, who is also the North Goa district election officer.With effect from Febuary 6 till March 6, all liquor shops, bars, restaurants and eateries in North Goa will close at 10pm, he added.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622816", "title": "Phoolan 'killer' to fight UP polls from Tihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Wednesday allowed the prime accused in bandit-turned-politician Phoolan Devi murder case, to file his nomination papers from Tihar to contest Uttar Pradesh assembly election.The accused, Sher Singh Rana, had moved the court of chief metropolitan magistrate, Vinod Yadav, seeking custody parole for filing the nomination papers for contesting the elections from Jewar constituency in Gautam Budh Nagar district as a candidate of Rastravadi Pratap Sena.Denying him custody parole, CMM Yadav said, \"I am not inclined to grant custody parole to the applicant for this purpose. However, if the applicant is eligible to contest assembly elections, then it is his constitutional right to have his nomination paper filed in the constituency in accordance with rules.\"The court also directed the director general (prisons), Tihar Jail, to take all possible steps to get Rana's nomination papers filled up and ensure that they are sent to the concerned officer as per rules.Rana had allegedly shot dead Phoolan Devi outside her official residence in central Delhi on July 25, 2001.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11622904", "title": "Ground water hits rock bottom in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of several areas may face severe water crisis in the coming summer as ground water levels have plummeted to alarming levels. Marredpally and its surrounding areas may be the worst hit as water level has sunk as low as 24 metres below ground level (BGL).According to the ground water department officials, water levels were recorded between 3.60 metres and 24 metres BGL in the city in December 2011. They attribute the grim situation to deficit rainfall and over exploitation of ground water.\"Marredpally has set a record low in the twin cities by recording water at a depth of 24 meters BGL. A drastic fall in water levels has also been observed in areas like Sanjeevareddy Nagar, Ameerpet, Nampally, Gachibowli, Shaikpet, Asifnagar, Bandlaguda, Charminar and Saidabad. In S R Nagar and Ameerpet, the groundwater levels are reported between 10 and 20 metres below ground level,\" deputy director, ground water department, K Dhanunjaya told TOI.In 2011-12, the Hyderabad district had received 577.40 millimetres of rainfall against the normal of 787.40 mm. The net rainfall of the district recorded between December 2010 and 2011 was 3.909 meters due to deficit rainfall (-27%).In the case of Marredpally mandal, the water level fell to alarming levels from 14.25 metres in 2010 to 24 metres BGL in 2011, he added.In Ameerpet and SR Nagar, the water level fell from 17.98 metres BGL to 19 metres BGL, while in Nampally it has gone down from 4.34 metres to 9.2 metres BGL.\"As hundreds of apartment complexes have come up in a span of five years, there is over exploitation of ground water. Though rain water harvesting structures have been constructed, due to lack of awareness among citizens, they have not been properly maintained,\" he added.When contacted, HMWS&SB; general manager K Vijaya Rao said: \"We are supplying around 200 tankers a day to colonies in Marredpally. Normally, the demand for tankers start from March-end, but we have been getting requests from December itself.\"In view of the drastic fall in the ground water level, the Water Board has started making arrangements to supply water this summer, he replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11630129", "title": "I don't want to disclose secrets of Mulayam, says Amar Singh", "text": "Lucknow: Taking on his former party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , Rastriya Lokmanch leader Amar Singh today claimed he knew a \"lot of secrets\" about the Samajwadi Party supremo but did not want to disclose them.\"I have kept the trust he had in me and I still maintain that. I have a lot of facts related to him, which I have not disclosed and will never do that...I am doing that to maintain my credibility. The political trust should not be broken,\" Singh told reporters here.He countered Yadav's claim that the SP had paid for his treatment in Singapore .\"The hospital in which I got treated in is the most costly one. Yadav says that he got me treated there and I am abusing him in Faizabad yesterday...he should tell from which account of SP, payments of the hospital bills were made,\" Singh said talking to reporters here.\"His (Mulayam) only contribution is that he visited there (Singapore) on my plane and returned,\" he said adding that he had a lot of secrets of Yadav but he did not want to disclose them.On Gandhian Anna Hazare's reported statement on \"slap and corruption\", Singh said that Anna should clarify whether he was a Gandhian or not.\"Those facing disproportionate assets cases share space with him (Anna) as he wanted their support\", Singh said.Singh also announced the party's manifesto demanding separate Purvanchal, Paschimanchal and Bundelkhand states, free electricity and water to weavers and farmers, 30 per cent reservation to youths in legislature, restoration of students' union besides others.He said that his party would contest on 393 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622560", "title": "Sleuths bury the hatchet to nab big fish Bhatkal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union home ministry is trying to play down the rift between Delhi Police and Maharashtra ATS over the botched investigation into the Mumbai serial blasts. But while trying to paper over cracks, the ministry has acknowledged in the same breath about a serious lack of coordination between the two intelligence agencies.Delhi Police, however, continues to claim that it has credible intelligence that Indian Mujahideen's India operations head Yasin Bhatkal is still holed up in the country and is looking for a safe hideout. Yasin controls every IM module operating in the country is the main target of intelligence agencies. Now, both Maharashtra ATS and Delhi Police have been told to work in sync to nab Yasin. And a bounty of Rs 70 lakh has been announced for the IM mastermind.A special team of Delhi police has fanned across five states - three of whom are in south India in search of the IM kingpin. Sources said Yasin depends on hawala channels from Dubai and Nepal to fund his operations and IM sleeper cells are still active at Bihar, North Bengal and eastern UP.\"Sleuths have mounted vigil in UP with elections round the corner. They are tracking all possible public meeting points in two districts of Bihar, Darbhanga and Madhubani. Yasin, who knows Karnataka and Tamil Nadu like the back of his hand and his conversant with the language, will try to hide in these states with a parallel network near the borders,'' a special cell officer said.In a veiled reference to the arrest of IM suspect Tauqee Ahmed, Delhi Police claimed several family members of the alleged terrorists are helping to build inputs. \"We could have arrested them for abetting terrorists since several of them had unknowingly provided logistics at Darbhanga and Delhi. However, we chose not to arrest them as the direct role in the blasts could not be established. We believed Yasin was hiding at Byculla and technically they had informed MHA that the same IM module was beyond the Mumbai attacks as early as middle of November,\" he said.Intelligence Bureau sleuths say IM may have established more than seven sleeper cells in the area. \"We have information that IM has lured youths from Mirganj, Araria, Sitamarhi, Madhubani and Darbhanga by indoctrinating them on jihad and offering them money. They are shown videos of Iraq and Afghanistan wars, with which the Indian state has no connection,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11623124", "title": "Government to book cocompanies for road project delays", "text": "PATNA: The rural works department (RWD) has decided to file an FIR against some construction companies engaged in construction of rural roads for inordinate delay in completion of some projects. \"We are resorting to this after the construction companies failed to react to warnings issued to them, deduction from their security deposits and threat to blacklist them,\" said RWD minister Bhim Singh.He said that despite being defaulter, these companies file tenders for fresh work and also succeed in grabbing the work in violation of the rules. Recently, CM Nitish Kumar detected these irregularities during his Seva Yatra in Madhubani and other districts and directed the department to take stern action against the defaulting companies. It has been found that companies from outside the state come for bidding and after bagging the contract, sublet the work to petty contractors.The companies facing action are -- Aravali Construction working at Madhubani and Sitamarhi, SPR working at Bhagalpur and Samastipur, BSS at Muzaffarpur and Chhapra, Singh Construction at Madhubani, Shiv Swati at Moatihari and Madhubani, Raja Construction at Magadh division and JKM Infrastructure at Sasaram.The case will be filed against them under Damage to Public Property Act and various sections of the IPC, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11624421", "title": "10,500 memory cards seized", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The customs and intelligence officials on Wedneday night seized 10,500 memory cards from a passenger at the Thiruvananthapuram international airport.The passenger has been identified as R Murugan, a native of Paramakudi, near Ramanathapuram in Tamil Nadu. The officials arrested Murugan after the security check. Cards of 2GB capacity were kept in eight small polythene bags.Each bag was packed in separate bags and concealed inside two elastic bands which he wore around his knees. The cards seized are worth Rs 31.5 lakhs, officials said. They said that Murugan was a carrier and part of a big smuggling racket.Murugan was taken to the economic offence court in Kochi on Thursday. He was arrested by a team comprising of additional commissioner P C Raja Das, assistant commissioners S Sivaprasad and V P Omkumar and intelligence officers M Suresh Kumar, Jyothirmoy, M P Udayakumar, S S Potty and Ancy Joyichan.Last week customs officials had seized gold ornaments worth Rs 14 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11621437", "title": "Man gets 7 years in jail for raping minor", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court convicted a 25-year-old man to seven years' imprisonment for raping a minor girl. Mohammed Ansari was arrested for raping a 13-year-old girl at Bandra (E) on April 1, 2011. The girl who studies at an Urdu School was forcibly taken by Ansari to the mezzanine floor of his house and raped. The girl returned to her house only the next morning and Ansari threatened to beat her if she revealed the incident to anyone. The victim told her family that she had spent the night at her grandparent's home. However he father disbelieved her and on his persistence the victim revealed the truth.The prosecution examined 17 witnesses. Medical evidence also supported the prosecution's case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11624067", "title": "Local Venkataramana too basks in gold", "text": "MANGALORE: Lord Venkataramana basks in golden hue - be it in far off Tirupati, or nearer home on Ratha Beedhi here. Not wanting to be left behind, Lord Venkataramana at Sri Kshetra Gurupura near here has willed through his devotees that he is on golden footing as well. An initiative of Sri Varadaraj Venkataramana Kshetrabhivruddhi Samiti and temple management committee, the deity now stands on a renovated golden peeta with prabhavali.A decision to renovate the golden peeta was taken to coincide with the 60 anniversary of the renovation of the temple. A golden throne and golden peeta and prabhavali were offered to the presiding deity Sri Varadaraj Venkataramana nearly 90-years ago. This event had then created history for it was the first such known instance of golden throne being offered to any deity in any temples across then undivided Dakshina Kannada district.This time around, the two peeta-prabhavali measuring around two feet high has been remade using 2.5 kg of gold. Other utensils and items made of gold that go with the peeta prabhavali weigh around 1 kg. Ajay Nayak, CEO, Swarna Jewellers, Mangalore who executed the work for the temple told TOI that nine kg of silver too has been used to make these peeta-prabhavali as well as the utensils and items used to offer pooja to the deity.A peeta-prabhavali made of gold and weighing 1.25 kg was offered to the utsava murthy (idol taken out during processions) of the presiding deity in 2008. The jewellers also restored the golden throne used to house the presiding deity. Sri Sayameendra Thirtha swamiji, patta shishya of Sri Sudhindra Thirtha swamji, head of Kashi Mutt will offer these items to the lord at a function later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11615253", "title": "I\u2019m open for item songs: Hrishitaa Bhatt", "text": "When almost every B'town babe is vying for item songs these days, why would then actress Hrishitaa Bhatt lag behind in the race?Yes, the actress who's full on for item songs says, \"If a good item song comes my way, I will definitely grab it; like I did in 'My Name Is Anthony Gonsalves'. It's in trend and gives you a good opportunity to connect with audience.\"Hrishitaa, who is also seen doing quite a few regional films these days, adds, \"I don't get into too much of regional cinema but last year I did couple of good endorsements for regional films. I did a Marathi film 'Mani Mangalsutra', which earned me lot of critical acclaims. The script and my role were so promising that I couldn't stop myself from doing it. The kind of essence and culture a Marathi film has can't be done in Hindi flicks. Nevertheless, I love doing Hindi cinema and it will continue being my first love. I just want that people should remember me for my films.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11624153", "title": "Haryana financial commissioner's car hits another", "text": "A brother and sister had a narrow escape when their car was hit by a sedan of Haryana financial commissioner (FC) Krishan Mohan near the sectors 8-9 traffic lights late on Tuesday evening.The sedan was being driven by the commissioner's driver and his friend. Yamini and Gaurav, residents of Sector-4 Panchkula, were on their way home at the time.The sedan driver removed the beacon and escaped. Additional SHO Ajay Singh said, \"I don't know whose sedan was it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11622822", "title": "Rs 2k cr for drinking water in draught-prone Bankura", "text": "KOLKATA: Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh on Tuesday sanctioned Rs 2,000 crore for providing safe drinking water in draught-prone Bankura. The money will be granted in two phases of Rs 1,000 crore each, Ramesh said in Bankura after a meeting with officials.Later in the evening, the minister sanctioned Rs 1,500 crore for potable water projects, along with sewerage and drainage projects, in Purulia. Since Bankura and Purulia suffer from water crisis and there is high percentage fluoride in water, Ramesh prioritized on providing safe drinking water. He also stressed on proper implementation of MGNREGA programmes as he found the state was not executing MGNREGA schemes properly. He criticized the Bengal government for poor progress in various central schemes.During his visit, Ramesh said Bankura and Purulia should get the status of Maoist-prone district so that the Centre could give special funds for development under backward region grant fund. In order to thwart Maoist movement, the minister felt there was need to accelerate development along with political movement and police action. Ramesh asked the state government to submit its plans for better funding from the Centre.According to Ramesh, road connectivity had to be improved in the backward regions so that development can be faster. He promised funds so that Jangalmahal can have concrete roads. He also cleared funds for net connectivity for the zilla parishad and panchayat samity. He cleared Rs 30 crore each for the two districts for rural development. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11624020", "title": "Yeddyurappa rules out floating a new party", "text": "HUBLI: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa made it clear that he has no plans to form a new party joining hands with leader of the opposition in the Assembly Siddaramaiah.Speaking to reporters here on Tuesday, Yeddyurappa said, \"I have no plans to float a new party. Joining hands with the Siddaramaiah is simply out of question. Opposition parties are making unnecessary statements against me.\"The former CM was on his way to Yediyur village in Chikkodi taluk to attend a function. He said the party members including him adhere to the decision of the high command regarding leadership issues in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11623155", "title": "The comrade who looks for change", "text": "IMPHAL: At 63, M Nara Singh is a figurehead of sorts for the new generation of Leftists in Manipur. The young lot is counting on him to lead them into the future as the old guards phases out. It is therefore not surprising that Nara Singh, state secretary of the Communist Party of India (CPI), has emerged as one key player in this week's Manipur assembly election.The CPI was the backbone on which Okram Ibobi Singh's government has been propped up over the last 10 years. The party, however, has expressed its displeasure over Ibobi's second term at the helm, during which the Congress did not bother to organise regular meeting of the coalition Secular Progressive Front (SPF)'s steering committee.\"The steering committee was meant to monitor the progress in implementation of SPF's common minimum programme (CMP), but the body has not met for over two years. We were forced to stay in the coalition for the sake of stability,\" said Nara Singh at his residence in Tentha village. After the chief minister ignored his request for regular meetings, Nara Singh resigned as the secretary of the committee, saying the CMP was not implemented during the SPF's second term.This time, CPI, refusing to enter into any pre-poll alliance with the Congress, has fielded most of its candidates for the seats that are being contested for by the Congress. The party has not even joined the People's Democratic Front (PDF) - the opposition alliance led by the NCP and Manipur People's Party (MPP) - even though the state's other left party, CPM, is already a part of the alliance.NCP leader Radhabinod Koijam said the opposition alliance is confident that CPI will join the PDF after the polls to stop Ibobi from winning a third term as the CM, as the party is supporting PDF candidates in constituencies where it has not fielded its own candidate. \"We prefer a broad alliance after the polls, but we cannot say who will be in the new coalition. As of now, we are sure that it will be a fractured mandate and it will all depend on the results,\" said Nara Singh, adding that a new political equation is evolving in the state.Formed on August 23, 1948 under the leadership of the legendary Hijam Irabot, CPI has been in Manipur's electoral fray since the 1952 Lok Sabha polls. The party made its debut in the state assembly in 1967 when Manipur was a Union Territory, and since then they have been a regular fixture there. After Manipur attained statehood in 1972, CPI candidates have made it to the assembly in all polls barring 1995 polls, when the party drew a blank. In the last assembly election, CPI won four seats. The left party has been in power partnering the Congress in 1974 and the Manipur People's Party (MPP) in 1990. It has also been a coalition partner in the Congress-led government since 2002.\"Many questions were asked over our alliance with Congress in Manipur. But, the CPI central leadership considers ours a peculiar case. We are with Congress for the sake of stability and that stability has brought development over the last ten years,\" Nara Singh said.Which way the party will go once the results are out is still not clear, but there are indications that they prefer a non-Congress, non-BJP coalition - just like Left parties have always tried in national politics. Nara Singh, who could end up playing a crucial role in the formation of the next government, said CPI is fighting the election on three planks - safeguarding territorial integrity, tackling corruption and initiating dialogue with militants to end insurgency.Manipur Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11626750", "title": "Delhi gears up for R-Day celebrations", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi today geared up for Republic Day celebrations with a ground-to-air security apparatus put in place to keep a tight vigil and authorities giving final touches for the event which showcases the country's military might and cultural diversity.Over 25,000 police personnel, including those from paramilitary and sharpshooters from NSG, have been already deployed across the city in the run-up to the celebrations, which will be attended by Yingluck Shnawatra, the first woman Prime Minister of Thailand.To maintain air security, the airspace over the capital will remain closed for an hour tomorrow from 11.15 AM to 12.15 PM.Snipers were deployed at high-rise buildings while over 160 CCTVs are keeping a tight vigil on people's movement between Rajpath and Red Fort, the route of the parade which showcases India's military might and cultural diversity.Mobile hit teams, anti-aircraft guns and sharpshooters of the NSG are also on the job at various places while paramilitary and Delhi Police commandos were keeping a close watch along the route of the eight-kilometre long Republic Day parade from Raisana Hills to Red Fort.A multi-layer security ring has already been put in place at Rajpath, where President Pratibha Patil will unfurl the tricolour and take the salute of marching contingents.\"There is a special emphasis on anti-sabotage checks, access control measures and intelligence coordination. The entire route of the parade will be covered by special security and anti-terror arrangements.\"Elaborate air defence measures, including deployment of anti-aircraft guns, have also been taken to check intrusion of air space,\" a senior police official said.Besides the air defence measures, helicopters of the Indian Air Force will hover around Rajpath and all along the route of the parade.Patrolling in crowded market areas has been intensified and checking and frisking in Metro, railway stations and bus terminals tightened. Security at the IGI airport has also been strengthened in coordination with the CISF.Checking and frisking have also been intensified at all entry points with police setting up barricades to keep a vigil on all those entering the capital.No vehicles will be allowed to ply on the Rajpath from 6 PM on January 25 while vehicular movement will be affected on Tilak Marg, Bahadurshah Zafar Marg, Netaji Subhash Marg upto Red Fort from 4 am the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11625417", "title": "Pune driver hijacks bus, goes on rampage killing 9", "text": "PUNE: A rogue bus driver went berserk on the crowded streets of the city this morning, smashing all vehicles coming in its way and leaving nine persons dead and 27 others injured.It was a nightmare in the Swargate area in the heart of the city, as the bus driven by a Maharashtra State Corporation bus driver came from wrong side of the busy Pune--Solapur Road and went past smashing all types of vehicles in the way and injuring pedestrians, who ran for their lives.The driver 30-year-old Santosh Mane was arrested after an hour-long chase near Neelayam theatre in the city. Though initial reports said the bus driver was mentally disturbed, police said it was too early to comment.Satpal Singh, ADG (Law and Order), said, \"Nine persons are dead and 27 have been injured in the accident\".\"He was hitting everything that was coming in his way,\" he said.The Swargate bus terminus officials said they were investigating the incident involving the bus, which was scheduled to leave for Satara.Pune mayor Mohansingh Rajpal, who visited the spot, asked angry citizens to maintain peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622183", "title": "Most IGCSE students score distinctions", "text": "MUMBAI: There has been an increase in the number of distinction and A-star holders among those who took the International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) exams (Oct-Nov session), the results of which were announced on Monday.\"Of our total batch of 107 students who appeared for the examinations, most students got A-stars and A grades. Girls performed exceptionally well in this batch,\" said Vandana Lulla, principal of Podar International School, Santa Cruz.While most IGCSE students opt for the April-May session for their final examination, a small chunk of students choose the October-November session. Since those who appear for the exams in May get their results by August, they are out of the junior college admission process that starts in June every year.At DG Khetan International School, Malad, 22 of the 28 students who appeared for this exam scored a distinction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626238", "title": "Fire on Aamir Khan\u2019s set", "text": "Aamir Khan has always been known as a perfectionist. And it does not only extend to his acting and filmmaking. On Monday evening, a fire broke out on the sets of his reality TV show at Vrundavan Studio, Madh Island.Explaining the cause of the fire, a unit member added, \"Someone from the technical department was doing a routine round of check in the night. While checking the lighting section there was a spark and then the fire spread onto the entire floor. In fact, the very same day, a team of around 20 members from Aamir's office had visited the set during the day to take some creative calls.\"While this surely was an unprecedented setback, the actor had already devised an emergency plan to tackle the situation.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Aamir Khan Productions had specially hired a team of four, who were specially trained to handle such emergencies. So, to minimise casualties in the event of a fire, over and above the normal security, the four men were present on the sets.The unit member informed that though the fire spread rapidly, Aamir's security personnel attended to the fire immediately. \"It was good that they were there considering the fire brigade took some time to reach. The fire caused a lot of damage to the estimated Rs 1 crore set,\" he added.The unit member also informed us that Aamir and his employees have not been allowed entry to the fire affected areas, until the local authorities are done with their inspection.When contacted, Aamir said, \"I am just very relieved that there were no injuries or casualties. Thank God.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11623542", "title": "Juggling dreams with passion, Bhupesh clicks away merrily", "text": "BRS NAGAR: It was a tough call for Bhupesh Gupta, 19, a BRS Nagar resident, to decide what to pick when his father gave him an option between a computer and a camera. But, the love for photography prevailed over the need to have a computer, says Bhupesh, who is also a computer freak.The BTech-I student is studying computer science at his college and juggles well between his interest and his academics. \"I don't want to disappoint my parents and so, I concentrate on my studies as well,'' the young photographer says.Bhupesh, who carries his third eye, a Nikon D5000, all the time, is these days occupied with a photo shoot of a rock band he is planning to do. He has clicked pictures for some events in past for no cost as his passion for the lens is not a source of making money, he says. \"I have also made two documentary films along with my friends for a charitable cause,'' adds Bhupesh, who has been nurturing his love for lenses since he was in Class X. \"But, it took me two years to convince my father to buy me a proper camera,'' he says. \"He gave me two choices-- either a camera or a computer-- and I went for a camera though I wanted a computer too. He gifted it to me when I was in Class XII,'' adds Bhupesh. Excited to get what he had dreamt for over the past two years, Bhupesh picked up a friends and headed for Bharat Nagar Chowk, where he climbed a water tank and clicked as many pictures as he wanted.\"Nature is what I like capturing the most. Including flowers, landscapes and various moods, I have captured about 1,000 pictures so far,'' says Bhupesh. He wishes to sharpen his skills with the camera through out his life but studies are a priority for the budding photographer as he doesn't want to miss the \"larger goals'' in his life.His father Arun Kumar Gupta, a businessman, says he doesn't have a problem with Bhupesh's love for photography. \"But, I have asked him to be attentive towards studies as well. No doubt he is a good photographer but, career is equally important,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11623298", "title": "TMC counts on Mamata magic", "text": "Imphal: Bengal's Mamata di is a much-revered figure in Manipur and with the assembly polls barely four days away, her party aims to cash in on her popularity as well as the cry for change coursing through much of the insurgency-ridden state, which has seen much more than its fair share of struggles and problems in the past couple of decades.The Manipur unit of Trinamool Congress (TMC), which is reportedly facing serious internal squabbles, is eagerly awaiting the arrival of the party's chairperson and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee here on Wednesday.State TMC leaders said there were no differences inside the party and everyone was looking forward to Didi's poll meeting. \"We have made elaborate arrangements to welcome Mamata Banerjee tomorrow and we hope her campaign boosts our morale. We are confident of emerging as the single largest party in this election,\" said S Priyokumar Singh, vice president of the Manipur Trinamool unit.TMC is fighting the election on the promise to bring much-needed 'change' in the state and has fielded 47 candidates, most of them young politicians. \"There is a sudden wave in favour of Trinamool now and many of our candidates have improved their winning prospects. As we seek to bring change, we have fielded a large number of young candidates,\" said Priyokumar.However, the Manipur unit of the party is devoid of a known face who can lead the party. Former chief minister R K Dorendra Singh, who was the stalwart in the state unit, resigned a few months ago.The only other popular figure in the party now is former Lok Sabha MP Kim Gangte (who had won on a CPI ticket). However, she is being unable to command the party properly after she triggered a recent fiasco concerning the list of candidates.Trouble began when Gangte, before sending the list of candidates to the TMC main unit in Kolkata for approval, gave it to local newspapers and it was published. The party high command later made some changes in the list sent by Gangte. Trinamool insiders said the state unit made some further changes in the approved list sent by the party high command.This created a huge dissension not only in the state TMC unit, but also among many Trinamool leaders in Kolkata and New Delhi. The state TMC office here was also ransacked by ticket seekers and their supporters early this month. But, the party high command decided to bury the crisis till the polls are over.With Mamata's visit to the state just a day away, the venue selected for the meeting - Langjing in Patsoi constituency of Imphal West - is also raising many eyebrows. The reason for this is that the main rival of the Trinamool candidate in Patsoi, Kunjeswar Singh, is state Congress vice president A K Mirabai Devi, who has a fair chance of winning the election. There are 14 women candidates in all contesting the assembly polls, including sitting MLA Landhoni Devi, wife of chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh. Landhoni was the lone woman MLA in the last assembly.Despite of the crisis, TMC has emerged as a force to reckon with in this election and the buzz is that it may fair better than many other parties like CPI, BJP or Manipur People's Party (MPP), aided, no doubt, with a bit of Mamata magic.Manipur Election 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11622127", "title": "Branding all transgenders as sex workers inappropriate: Expert", "text": "MADURAI: Don't look at all transgenders as sex workers as there are many who are struggling to come above this stigma and prove themselves as successful members of society, feels Asha Bharathi, member of the Tamil Nadu Transgender Association.She was speaking at an interactive session on Third Gender Issues: Understanding Alternative Sexuality, organised by the Bharathi Kanamma Trust and the American College Students Circle, on Tuesday. Listing out the reasons for transgenders taking on to this trade, she said discrimination by their own families was one of the main reasons why youngsters who faced this problem took up this trade to earn a living.Sudha of Sahodaran said nobody respected them, which forces them into sex trade as they cannot face society at large. The problem could be reversed if society came forward to recognize them as equals and not shun them, she added. These speakers also spoke about the problems faced by them in the past and how they overcame them.Principal of American College Thavanmani Christopher said their institution had introduced a \"gender study\" in a move to identify transgenders and help them overcome their problems.\"They too are members of our community and should be treated as equals,\" he said. A short film on lesbians and transgenders titled Hidden World filmed by students Gopi Shankar and Naveen was also screened at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11623140", "title": "Tour operators offer titillating 'human safaris' in Orissa", "text": "LONDON: Tour operators have been offering titillating \"human safaris\" in Orissa that provide a close look at the Bonda tribe, notwithstanding the recent row over the degradation of Jarawas in the Andaman islands in which the half-naked tribals were video-taped dancing before tourists.Royal India Holidays, which has offices abroad, was advertising a tribal tour of Orissa, wherein tourist can \"see the lifestyle of tattooed, heavily beaded, nearly naked people, their day-to-day activity and their extremely primitive way of living\". Its brochure details a trip to the Jeypore area, which said, \"After breakfast, an excursion to the nearby hills where most amazing and fierce Bondas tribes (naked people) reside.\"The culture of Bondas is said to have changed little over the last 1,000 years. The owner of Royal India Holidays, Newton Singh, admitted to Britain's Observer newspaper that most tours to Orissa concentrate on the tribes. He, however, said he would review the tours. \"I don't want to do anything against the laws of humanity,\" he was quoted as saying.Not only those based abroad, even India-based tour operators are also promoting questionable human safaris in Orissa. Aces India Tours, located in Delhi, mentioned on its website:\"On the north-west of river Machkund live the wildest, rudest and possibly the most interesting tribe known as Bonda Tribe.\" It added: \"The scanty dress of the Bonda women and homicidal tendency of Bonda males make them most fascinating people.\"Bhubaneswar's Dove Tours, related to its tour of Orissa, elaborated: \"The area we visit is the home of the (sic) approximately 6,000 members of the fierce Bondas (naked people).\" Both Royal India Holidays, which has offices abroad, and Dove Tours state that the best chance of seeing the Bondas is at a local market on Thursdays. Yet, Gagan Sarangi of Dove is learnt to have said, \"We are totally against any kind of unethical practices in the tribal area.\"Some of the operators are also learnt to have pulled out such material from their websites upon enquiry.Earlier this month, the London Observer had exposed the exploitation of Jarawas in the Andamans, including Jarawa women being enticed, if not coerced, into dancing for visitors. Stephen Corry, director of London headquartered Survival International, a charity that stands up for tribal people, said, \"Sadly, the existence of human safaris in the Andamans is not isolated, but replicated in other areas of India.\" He, then, said, \"Promoting tours by using derogatory terms such as 'primitive' and advertising their 'nakedness' shows a clear lack of respect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11622793", "title": "BINP transfers to affect researchand treatment", "text": "KOLKATA: Eight months ago, Bangur Institute of Neurosciences and Psychiatry (BINP) had lost its director. Now, it is set to lose almost half of its doctors, many of whom had been with the hospital for years.The spate of transfers implemented across government hospitals in the state has hit BINP hard. Five of its senior medics - four from the radiology department and one from neurology - have already been shifted to other hospitals while one more could receive his transfer order on Saturday. At least two newly set up departments, apart from teaching, could suffer in the absence of these experienced specialists, fear junior doctors at the hospital. Several are planning to quit BINP.It would take time for BINP, which has 12 full-time doctors, to settle down with a new panel, admit the authorities. But it would tide over the teething problems soon, claimed director Asit Senapati. \"It won't be much of a problem for the new doctors to slip into the job. After all, it's about efficiently handling patients and reading the CT scan and MRI reports,\" said Senapati.But there was much more to BINP than just this, pointed out doctors. A modern cathlab, that had been launched last year, faces an uncertain future. The digital subtraction angiography machine - the only one of its kind in eastern India that could have modernized the treatment of cerebral strokes - is now without its in-charge Soumitra Ghosh. He has been transferred to the Malda Medical College. It was Ghosh, an associate professor of radiology at the hospital, who had taken the initiative to install the machine and use it for more advanced scanning of vascular haemorrhage. The angiography instrument could also be used for intra-vascular treatment. \"I have been working on the machine along with a junior doctor. Between the two of us we had developed an expertise. The instrument was leading us to a more advanced form of diagnosis and treatment of strokes. Thousands of patients would have benefitted from it. It would be a difficult for someone who is new to the set-up to carry on the work,\" said Ghosh, who had undergone a training stint at PGI, Chandigarh for the job.Junior doctors fear that the machine, which was installed at a cost of Rs 10 crore, could now turn non-functional. \"A lot of research and studies were going on at the cathlab for using the machine efficiently. You need specialized training to run it. Also, a new doctor may not be interested in pursuing that,\" said a doctor.Similarly, senior neurologist Shyamal Kumar Das had started a neuro-genetic laboratory at BINP. It was later converted into a full-fledged department, the only one in this part of the country. He had been researching extensively on movement disorders as well. Significant studies on Parkinson's disease had emerged from BINP, thanks to Das' efforts. With his transfer to the Burdwan Medical College, both departments are now left without a trained specialist at the top. Research work and clinical activities could come to a complete standstill, fears Das.\"For the last decade and a half, I have been working in these areas with help from juniors. Even though several posts have been sanctioned for these departments, no initiative has been taken to train juniors. As a result, they will now be directionless. Unless you are clued in to the work going on, it's difficult to carry it forward,\" said Das. He added that significant progress has been made in neuro-genetic medicine research at BINP. \"We had come up with two new papers. More importantly, we also served patients at the department and it would be unfortunate if the clinical section is shut down,\" he said. BINP has 170 beds spread across the neuro-medicine and neuro surgery departments.A distinction should be made between the health service and the medical education service during transfers, felt some senior doctors. \"Continuity is more important in education and research. So, those involved in these activities need to be given a long run and provided the opportunity to carry on their work. Unfortunately, all our doctors have been transferred to places where they won't be able to pursue their research or even the clinical work they were doing at BINP,\" said a doctor at the hospital.Lack of research opportunities has already affected BINP. It has found it hard to fill up three resident medical officer posts in the last two years. One is still lying vacant. Even though the authorities had selected three candidates, all of them turned down the offer to join.Last May BINP superintendent SP Gorai was suspended following a surprise visit to the hospital by chief minister Mamata Banerjee . The chief minister had sought an explanation from Ghorai on the long queues for MRI. She had promised a new machine but it hasn't been replaced.\"A final decision on Ghorai will be taken up once we get the report from the enquiry committee that is looking into the case. Departmental proceedings take time,\" said director medical education Dr SK Bandopadhyay. \"There has been no communication from the health department after I replied to the show-cause notice,\" said Ghorai. The neurosurgeon who headed BINP since then has not joined any organization. He however is attached with the nursing home he has been with since 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11623818", "title": "Cops nab man on his wedding day", "text": "LUCKNOW: Aliganj police arrested a man who was about to get married on Tuesday at a gurudwara at Sohramau in Banthra area, on charges of rape and fraud.The man was identified as Amit Sandhu, a resident of Sector J, Aliganj police station area.According to reports, Amit was seeing Smriti (name changed), a resident of Sector 2, Vikasnagar, for over six years.Both had developed intimacy as Amit, according to the police, had promised to marry Smriti.However, about a few months back, Smriti came to know that she has been ditched by Amit and he was no more interested in marrying her.Enraged over this, she lodged a complaint of rape and fraud against Amit at Aliganj police station on January 6.The police came to know that Amit was going to get married on Tuesday. A tip-off was received by the police that Amit was to get married at a gurudwara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622375", "title": "SEC hears civic chief, top babu", "text": "MUMBAI: State chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad and municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar on Tuesday made the case before the State Election Commission that the election code of conduct was not violated by a 'mere presentation' on the proposed construction of a coastal road.The two officers were asked by the SEC to give an explanation in regard to a complaint of a model code violation. The complainant, BJP, argued that code guidelines were breached when the coastal road project was unveiled last week. It even named CM Prithviraj Chavan in the plaint.Gaikwad and Kumar, who heads the 11-member state-appointed committee to look into the feasibility of the 32-km road, told state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan that the project report was submitted to the state government three days before the code came into effect in the first week of January. Thereafter, an indoor presentation was given to the CM, who did not announce it officially in a press conference, the two said.\"Both officers told the SEC that they were being targeted by political parties needlessly since there are no other real public issues to focus on. They also said that giving a presentation indoors and submitting a report before the code of conduct is implemented does not contravene guidelines,\" said an SEC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11620526", "title": "Auto driver dies after being hit by car", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 32-year-old autorickshaw driver died on the spot after being hit by a speeding car near PT Thakkar College near NID on Tuesday afternoon. The car driver was rushed to a nearby hospital after being injured in the incident. Police have started recording statements of the deceased's family members and the driver.According to Ellisbridge police officials, the incident took place when Mohammed Farouq, 32, a resident of Danilimda, was taking turn to go towards Chandranagar when a Maruti Alto car came from a diagonal direction. The car driver, later identified as Hemant Shukla, could not understand the auto's move and rammed it head-on. The collision was so severe that Farouq got crushed inside the auto.B K Purohit, inspector of Ellisbridge police station, said, \"We are in the process of recording the statement of the car driver who also was injured in the incident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11624060", "title": "Impish panther cub warms Palemar\u2019s heart", "text": "MANGALORE: Big cats at Dr Shivaram Karanth Biological Park at Moodushedde near here are now hot property. Close on the heels of KIOCL Ltd adopting a male panther, minister for environment and ecology J Krishna Palemar has served up a double delight to authorities of the biological park by adopting a male tiger cub, which he has named 'Krishna'. Palemar has followed it up by adopting a female panther cub, which he has named 'Shashi'.There is a general sense of fear among people about these big cats and their gut instinct is to harm or maim them, said Krishna Palemar, also the district in-charge minister.\"It is my bounden duty as the minister for ecology and environment to protect every species along with the bio-diversity of the state,\" Palemar told TOI on reasons for him adopting the cubs of these big cats. \"If we lead by example, it will encourage others to follow suit,\" he said.Floored by the active nature of Shashi, an orphan that was rescued at Permude near here three months ago when it was barely a four-to-five-day old infant, Palemar said 'Shashi' is a joy to watch. H Jayaprakash Bhandary, director of the park, pointed that it was a tough task bringing up the infant cub. \"We had to feed her milk every three hours and give it vitamin supplements to ensure that its immunity levels too went up, bolstering her survival chances,\" he says.The park now has another panther cub, rescued near Kundapur, two female panthers - one rescued and one that was trapped, and a 10-day-old tiger cub disowned by its mother 'Shambavi' up for adoption.A Dubai based entrepreneur K G Shenoy, who has earlier adopted Lions and Elephant Calf at the park is keen on adopting the disowned Tiger cub, Bhandary said, adding the park would give him this honour once the cub is old enough.Seeking to cash in on this impetus for adoption of animals, Bhandary said the park would shortly start a help desk to help those wanting to adopt animals - big or small. \"We will display a rate list - the annual cost of feeding them - at which one can adopt different animals,\" he said, adding all such persons would be given free passes to enter the zoo. This will certainly be a bonus to the person adopting animals and see how they fare, he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11623652", "title": "\u2018People are now fed up with temple issue, want growth\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: Residents of Ayodhya rue that the town is always identified with BJP's Ram Temple movement and actual problems always take a back seat. They also blame the media for focusing more on the political aspect of place.Before Lok Sabha election in 2009, people had stood up against proposed construction of a township on the banks of Saryu. The public anger forced the government to stall the project, but it has not been scrapped as yet. People fear that township can be revived again and if that happens, it would be an environment hazard and disastrous for farmers.Conceived during Mulayam's regime and implemented in Maya's rule, the Rs 700-crore Saryu township project was proposed on nine-kilometre stretch comprising 1,695 acre of agriculture land on the riverbank. It posed a threat of displacement of over 50,000 families living in 21 villages between Kakarhi Bazar and Kaushalya Ghat.The green belt, known as Manjha, is the main source of fresh seasonal vegetables and fruits for Faizabad. The district is also dependent for milk on the livestock owned by farmers. The government plan was to convert the fertile land and cattle grazing ground into a concrete jungle.Besides the najul land, the area also has land owned by zamindars given by British for their loyalty in 1857 revolt.However, the land is being cultivated by dalits and backward classes for years. These communities are settled here for last 150 years. \"Our forefathers came here and we have been cultivating this land since last over 150 years,\" said Ram Shri, whose patta was cancelled by the government for acquisition of land. Besides, wheat, sugarcane, cauliflower, pumpkin and cucumber, the area is also known for its famed Faizabad guava.The project would have also rendered thousands of vendors jobless.Scharada Dubey, social activist, who was part of the agitation, which opposed the township, said that the need is to construct proper drainage, sewer lines, sewage treatment plants to save Saryu river.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11623439", "title": "Residents empty beer bottles at Tasmac office demanding removal of outlet", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over hundreds of residents at Anna Nagar in Sundarapuram here organized a rare protest in front of the zonal office of Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation at Kavundampalayam on Tuesday. The protest was organized in the backdrop of reluctance on the part of Tasmac to shift its Indian Mode Foreign Liquor (IMFL) retail outlet from the proximity of a local hospital and a school.The protesters poured out beer from bottles on the floor. According to residents' association president Sivasubrahmanyam, there were many assurances in the past about shifting the liquor outlet. However, the TASMAC authorities later backtracked from the assurance. Since then, the residents have been protesting and demanding the authorities to shift the outlet to some other area.On Tuesday, when the association members reached the Tasmac zonal office, they were told that the senior officials were out of town. Irritated over the lukewarm response, the association members soon organized the protest by purchasing half a dozen beer bottles and then emptied the bottles in front of the office.Sivasubrahmanyam later informed that the protest to shift the outlet would be intensified in the coming days with the participation of all the residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11620595", "title": "Filmy act landed medical students in police lock-up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They got inspired by watching mushy Hollywood films and decided to enjoy the night in its full glory by getting out of a car's sun roof and locking lips in the open. However, unlike in films, this scene did not have a happy ending as city cops decided to play the moral police.Two youths and a girl spent the night in the lock-up of Satellite police station before they were released on charges of 'indecent public behaviour' and 'obscenity'.According to Satellite police officials, inspector J M Bharwad was going home at 1.30 am from Satellite police station when he spotted a brand-new car zooming past with its speakers blaring at full volume. The cop decided to ignore them for a while. But soon, he spotted two youths emerging out of the sun roof and locking lips and indulging in an intimate act.\"We then chased the car from Satellite police station to Star Bazaar as the driver sped up seeing a police vehicle behind. When we forced the speeding car to a halt we found two boys and two girls of around 19 years of age. While the boy from the couple that locked lips studies medicine at BJ Medical College, the girl is a physiotherapy student at Civil Hospital. The youth driving the car is an engineering student who was accompanied by his girlfriend. Their act in a running car could have proved to be dangerous both for them and other vehicles on the road,\" said Bharwad.Police said that the car was brand new and a youth's father had allowed them to take it for a ride. Police also found some clothes from inside the car.In an earlier incident, Satellite police had charged a tattoo artist with obscenity when he put up a mannequin with tattoo art outside for display near Shivranjani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11621208", "title": "Salman Rushdie: Politicians in bed with extremists for electoral gains", "text": "NEW DELHI: Salman Rushdie , whose Jaipur Litfest video conference was cancelled on Tuesday, expressed disappointment that politicians are in bed with religious extremists groups and hence unwilling to oppose or stop them.\"My overwhelming feeling is a disappointment on behalf of India, which is a country that I have loved all my life and whose long-term commitment to secularism and liberty is something I've praised for much of my life. And now I find an India in which religious extremists can prevent free expression of ideas at a literary festival, in which the politicians are too, let's say, in bed with those groups...for narrow electoral reasons, in which the police forces are unable to secure venues against demonstrators even when they know the demonstration is on its way,\" said the writer of Midnight's Children and the controversial Satanic Verses in an interview with NDTV.Religious extremists were the real enemies of Islam, Rushdie said. The writer said, \"The real enemies of Islam are the leaders, the Deobandis, the various extremist leaders and their followers, who behave like this, because what they do is to strengthen the extremely negative image of Islam as an intolerant, repressive, and violent culture, as an ideology masquerading as a gentle faith, whereas actually what happens every time it's crossed, or every time it dislikes something, is that it resorts to threats and violence. People like this, who behave like this, are the ones who feed that image and they are the ones responsible for the negative views of Islam in the world, and they should be called the enemies of the faith.\"Rushdie felt it was ironical that The Satanic Verses was banned in India whereas it was available in 50 other countries, including Turkey, Egypt and, now, Post-Gaddafi Libya. \"We live in the information age in which information moves freely. And no matter what this gang of protesters tries to do, they will not prevent the dissemination of my novel, which is published all over the world, I think in more than 50 languages and, by the way, is legally published, in my certain knowledge, in Turkey and Egypt, and recently, after the fall of the Gaddafi regime, it was un-banned in Libya. So you have several Muslim countries in which the novel is freely able to be sold and read without any trouble. And yet, in India; this was the first country in the world to ban the book and after 23 and a half years that ban still survives. If Libya can do this, Turkey can do this, Egypt can do this, does India want to be a totalitarian state like China or does it want to move in the right direction towards liberty and the open discussion of ideas?\"Rushdie added that the whole episode was a scandalous but it will not stop him from coming to India. \"I will come to India as many times as I choose to.Do what I will and I will not allow these religious gangsters and their cronies in the government to prevent me...so deal with it.\"He also said, \"I thought the whole thing was fantastically fishy. I think that from the moment, the way in which the Congress Party...the way in which Congress officials, and many other party officials of other parties, all stated their opposition to my coming, I felt quite clear that some way would be found to prevent me from coming. And in the end, sadly it was.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11622344", "title": "Curchorem businessman joins BJP to \u2018Save Goa\u2019", "text": "PANAJI: Prominent Curchorem businessman Nilesh Cabral on Tuesday formally joined the BJP and said he joined the saffron party \"to save Goa.\"Welcomed into the party by state BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar, Cabral said he is not aspiring for a BJP ticket in the next assembly elections and that his only aspiration now is to protect the interests of Goa.When asked how he would justify working for the BJP now when he had worked for the Congress in the last election, Cabral said he had not worked against the BJP party but was against the person and the issues then. Asked to rate the Congress Sanvordem MLA Shyam Satardekar's performance, Cabral said Satardekar had not performed at all, so there was no question of evaluating his performance.Cabral denied he was a business partner of Satardekar but admitted he was a personal friend of the Congress MLA. He also admitted it was a mistake to support Satardekar in the last elections.When asked what he wanted to save Goa from, Cabral said he was opposed to the rampant corruption and to illegal mining in all forms. Cabral also said that since he was from the mining belt, he was fully aware of the mining issues.He said mining dumps around the Curchorem, Sanguem and such areas are an eyesore and need to be cleared. Cabral said he has a diverse portfolio of businesses including barges, trucks, mining machinery, petrol pump, etc.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11623361", "title": "Curtain raiser to Feb anti-dam meet held", "text": "GUWAHATI: The civil society organizations (CSOs) against the Lower Subansiri Hydro Project on Tuesday announced a two-day state convention on February 25 and 26. At a curtain raiser here on Tuesday in the presence of various civil society groups, anti-mega dam groups and political parties, the CSOs decided to organize a month-long awareness camp across the state in February.The CSOs also vowed to endorse the recommendation of the expert committee comprising experts from Gauhati University, Dibrugarh University and IIT-Guwahati, which has asked for a fresh detailed study of the Lower Subansiri dam. The committee has been set up by the anti-dam groups.Peasant leader Akhil Gogoi, who participated in the meeting, said due to the lack of a proper study of the entire northeastern region's geology and seismological status, the controversy over the NHPC mega-dam on the Lower Subansiri has been refusing to die down.\"No detailed study has ever been done on the region's geological and seismological status before. But this doesn't mean that the state government has the right to overlook the expert committee report. There are no grounds to justify the claim that the report submitted by our expert group is inferior in comparison to those of other experts. The state government should have some courtesy for the report submitted by our experts,\" said Akhil.The expert committee here, in its last parley with the state government's group of ministers (GoM), gave various recommendations to the authority - from shifting the dam site to redesigning it for the safety of the people living in the downstream areas.Akhil added, \"We are not opposing small dams, which are beneficial to all. But constructing a mega-dam in such a high seismic zone is a very big risk that the government is taking.\"Shantanu Bharali, state BJP spokesperson, suggested the citizen group should press for a 'green commission' and sought the intervention of the judiciary to halt the construction of the dam. The AIUDF also extended its support to the anti-dam movement.Extending support to the public convention, AGP president Chandra Mohan Patowary appealed to all the anti-dam groups to join hands to strengthen the movement. \"Everyone should come forward for the cause. When mega dams are emerging as a threat to the state, we all should join hands to back the cause,\" said Patowary.The CSOs announced the dates for the public convention but are yet to decide on the venue for the event. \"We are looking for a suitable venue as we expect a huge gathering,\" said Manoj Baruah, president of Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuva Chatra Parishad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11623220", "title": "12 law students burn effigy of Kalam, held", "text": "COIMBATORE: At least 12 students of Government Law College were arrested for blocking the road and burning the effigy of former President Abdul Kalam near the collectorate on Tuesday.The students were agitated over former President's support to Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant project. They also raised slogans against Kalam.\"The nuclear plant is a great threat to the future of the country and its people,\" said Devasahayam, one of the students.The state requires power for its development but it should not be at the cause of many lives, who would be affected by the implementation of the nuclear power plant, he said. The protest created traffic jam for nearly half-an-hour outside the collectorate. The city police arrested the students and filed a case under sections 143, 341 and 285. The students were later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11622241", "title": "Ban ferry of voters, party tables: NGOs", "text": "MARGAO: Following a recent meeting held with joint chief electoral officer N S Navti and representatives of several South Goa-based NGOs, a memorandum was submitted to Navti demanding that transportation of voters and the use of 'party tables' be banned during the upcoming assembly elections.\"Such malpractices such as transportation of voters from their residence to the polling stations, keeping party tables outside the polling station and the presence of party workers or candidates near the polling station on the day of the elections, should be curbed by your authority\" read the memorandum. The NGO's stated such practises had to be abolished \"so as to allow the voters to exercise their democratic right and free will to chose and cast their valuable vote to whomever they wish for better governance of the state.\"The NGO's, which included Popular Front of India, United Goans Welfare front, Goenchea Xetkarancho Ekvott amongst others, further claimed that due to such malpractices voters were mentally harassed and inconvenienced unnecessarily.Elections 2012 New sGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "11624169", "title": "Jat quota stir: Year on, police summon 150 persons over Mayyar incident", "text": "HISAR: Courtesy the directions from Punjab and Haryana high court, police finally woke up to summon about 150 persons, allegedly involved in violent incidents during Jat Maha rally at Mayyar village of Hisar on September 13, 2010.Police have started sending summons to 150 persons, who were identified on the basis of video footage and press cuttings and photographers deployed by IG Hisar range on the day when the incident took place.These persons -- about 100 from Hisar district and 50 from other areas -- had come to attend the Jat reservation rally in Mayyar village, 20 kms from here.However, the fate of the case registered against Subhash Yadav, the then SP, over the death of Sunil Sheoran, a youth, who allegedly died when policemen resorted to firing, to disperse the crowd, is not yet known, sources said.Representatives of Jat bodies, however, termed the latest move as a tool devised by police to pressurize them into withdrawing the murder case. On Tuesday morning, the Jat leaders, accompanied by Rajbala Devi, mother of Sunil Sheoran, met the deputy commissioner and submitted a memorandum.General secretary of Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti, Mahender Singh Poonia, said, \"During the talks with CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda, the CM assured us that justice will be done with Jat community. We were demanding OBC quota in government jobs, but police started lathicharge on those who were protesting peacefully in Mayyar. This is the fault of police who first killed our younger brother Sunil Sheoran and later registered a case against us. The cases registered against Jats are fake. The government must take back the cases at the earliest. Or else, we will again organize a Maha Jat Rally in the same village on February 19.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "11622340", "title": "Rare surgery saves labourer", "text": "FARIDABAD: A rare surgery has lifted Dannu Ram's family from the depths of despair. In a freak accident on January 17, Dannu fell from the third floor of an underconstruction building and landed on an iron rod that pierced right through his abdomen and stuck out of his back.Penetrating the intestines at more than three places, it damaged his pancreas and other organs. The 45-year-old labourer from Vaishali, Bihar, was taken to Sarvodya Hospital in Sector-8 Faridabad by fellow labourers.The team of surgeons headed by Dr Pankaj Zutshi succeeded in removing the rod after a two-and-a-half-hour-long operation. \"The iron rod had ripped through his small and large intestines. We had to reconstruct the injured parts of the intestine. We also had to remove the spleen and the tail of the pancreas. We will be discharging him today,\" he said. Dannu's family consists of wife, four daughters and two sons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11628509", "title": "Omkar Das: Who said I can\u2019t dance hip hop?", "text": "Remember Omkar Das Manikpuri who played the innocent Natha in \"Peepli Live\"? The movie proved to be a turning point in his career and now, he has half a dozen releases lined up this year.What's interesting is that Omkar has gone for an image makeover and embraced hip hop fashion for \"Qasam Se Qasam Se\" that also has Rakhi Sawantshaking her booty.Ask Omkar about the song and he says, \"It is a movie on college life that revolves around two friends. I am playing the character of Nath who is friend of Azim Rizvi and Faith. My entry into the movie is like an extended sequence of \"Peepli Live\" when Natha runs away from the village to reach the city. While fleeing from his village, he bumps into a car. That's when his transformation happens from a simple farmer to a trendy guy. This will be the first time that I will be seen dancing to a fast number in any movie.\"So, is shaking a leg easier than doing a serious role? \"My image is linked to that of a common man. That's perhaps why I am offered such roles. Besides, I am at ease while doing such roles. But. this movie will project a different Omkar. Who said I can't dance hip hop?\" asks Omkar. O mkar also wants to mention the contribution of choreographer Lollypop. \"He made things easier for me. \"Rokra ki maya\" and \"Bolne me kya jata hai\" are two of my dance tracks. The latter features Rakhi Sawant and Satish Kaushik too. Though we feature in the same song, we are there in different scenes. I'm told that she had wanted to match steps with me but time was a constraint. Needless to say, Rakhi is a good dancer.\" So, does he think that Rakhi has it in her to become a good actor? \"I don't know much about her. But if people approaches her more for item numbers, she will be seen more in them. Acting koi badi baat nahi hai par movie mein heroine hona thoda alag hota hai,\" he insists.Apart from \"QSQS\", Omkar's other upcoming movies include Anurag Kashyap's \"Monsoon Shootout\" in which he is playing a taxi driver. \"I am doing \"Aalaap\" with Raghuveer Yadav, \"Sabka Baap Rupaiya\" with Rajpal Yadav and \"Dharna Unlimited\" with Ahsaan Qureshi. I am playing the lead in \"MLA\",\" he signs off", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11629879", "title": "Celebrating literature in Jaipur", "text": "It's been making headlines since the last one week and will continue to do so for a few more days, or so it seems, but for me the one-and-a-half-day experience at DSC Jaipur Literature Festival 2012 was in one word, fruitful.The rise of 'Lucknow Boy' My first and only session of Day 2, 21 January 2012, was when Outlook's ex managing-editor, Tarun Tejpal engaged in a conversation with the magazine's current editor-in-chief, Vinod Mehta, to discuss his latest book, Lucknow Boy. The book, which is an autobiography, Vinod explained, traces his life in Lucknow during the 1950s, as a boy who barely managed to pass in his subjects during graduation who grew up to become one of the greatest editors of India. Of course, he was more than humble in acknowledging Tarun's joke that he was an 'accidental editor', and in fact went on to say that he simply blundered his way into editing. The humour went on to reveal that he calls his dog 'Editor' because he is stubborn, thinks he knows everything and is the son of a bitch.From delving into tales of his stints with numerous publications, his share of controversial politics and his attempt to package news in a way that attracted the average Indian, the chat turned rather personal when he confessed having fathered a daughter in his twenties. Having lived a life of 'pseudo secularism', and admitting a fondness for Sonia Gandhi , Vinod Mehta gave a peep into the skeletons in his closet during the discourse.Day 3 of the DSC Jaipur Literature Festival 2012 began as early as 9.30 am. The most anticipated session of the day was to take place in the Front Lawns and an obscene number of people had already started queuing up to see the chat show queen , Oprah Winfrey in conversation with Barkha Dutt for the first time in India. My interest, however, rested in a different subject that was being addressed by two authors of Pakistani origin. Both the sessions were to happen at the same time and I chose to attend the latter.On Jihad and Pakistan Much has been written about Pakistan's current state of crisis and throwing light on the same was academician and author of 'Partisans of Allah: Jihad in South Asia' Ayesha Jalal in conversation with William Dalrymple . Her views on Jihad, which has been misinterpreted as warfare by some, was much appreciated by the audience. Bearing a tone of elucidation, the author explained the nuances of the 'holy war' as an ethical concept, wrongly favoured by extremists for their territorial purposes.The enlightening session was followed by yet another engaging gathering at the Mughal Tent where Ayesha joined the ever so charming chat show host Karan Thapar , and the very graceful author of 'Songs of Blood and Sword', Fatima Bhutto , to discuss Pakistan , politics and more. A fabulous discourse on the gulf between the country's power-hungry politics, its ignorant or rather callous attitude towards the underprivileged, and the conscious, educated yet helpless minds enduring the suppression of the army were some of the high-points of the chat.Journalism, literature and more One of the strongest panels of the festival got together to discuss 'literary journalism' and they did not disappoint. The participants, David Remnick , Philip Gourevitch, Joseph Lelyveld, Katherine Boo and Jason Burke, all agreed to the moderator, Samanth Subramanian's explanation of the term as, 'something that tells a story through many dimensions that any other form cannot; it is deeply rooted and loaded with facts'.The journalist-turned-authors took turns to express their respective views on the thin line of difference between journalism and literature - how different is writing a novel from simply running a quote, how important it is to spend time with the characters, observing them, avoiding the inclusion of documentary evidences and most importantly, letting the story take a shape of its own.Katherine Boo, the author of soon to be released 'Behind the Beautiful Forevers...' questioned the idea using the first person narrative while writing a novel about the journalistic experiences, to which Philip Gourevitch disagreed. He explained, \"The narrative may have an 'I' but it shouldn't have a 'Me'. One must be a guide to the reader, tell him why the issue is being discussed. Also the first person is an incredible memoirist tool. But yes, 'I' can be abused resulting in self-indulgent writing'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11627971", "title": "Facebook, Twitter should be more responsive: Ankit Fadia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ethical hacker Ankit Fadia said social networking sites Twitter and Facebook should be more responsibile and responsive when it comes to removing objectionable content.He also said it is impossible to control content being posted on internet, but social networking sites are doing it through post screening measures.\"Using Twitter, Facebook anybody can post what they want. There should be strong post screening measures available. Twitter and Facebook should be more responsible and more responsiveness when government gets in touch with them for removing contents that is illegal or hurts sentiments of region or religion,\" Fadia told reporters here.Fadia was speaking on sidelines of his book launch 'How to Unblock Everything on the internet'.\"Any nudity or pornographic material is being removed. There is always a link on YouTube and Facebook where you can report the content as illegal and it will be taken down. There is no technology available that can look at an image or video and decide whether it is legal or illegal,\" Fadia said.He said he does not promote any illegal activity, though his book will guide non-tech savvy students to unblock social networking sites blocked in their instituted.\"I support unblocking of sites that are legal. Most educational institution across the world are not blocking Facebook, not blocking Twitter. In all IITs, major engineering college these websites are blocked which I strongly oppose,\" he said.He added that he expects IT system managers in organisations and the government will be among first buyers of the book to make their system more robust and therefore he will come out with new ways on unblocking website within next three months.\"Blocking sites is no answer. People who waste their time will find other ways of wasting their time. There needs to be more dialogue between user and administrator, instead of just policing it,\" Fadia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11624118", "title": "Society must be friendlier towards missing persons", "text": "MYSORE: Home minister R Ashoka on Tuesday warned action against those involved in foeticides. He was speaking during the valedictory function of state-level seminar on 'Missing Girls and Women: Issues and Implications' conducted by Karnataka State Commission for Women and Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy, Manasagangotri, University of Mysore, at Rani Bahadur institute here on Monday.He said due to society's attitude towards missing persons when they return home, the percentage of missing persons returning home is very small. Society should change its attitude for the betterment of these people, added Ashok.He also called upon the police department to take missing cases very seriously. The police department in its monthly review meeting should take special care about such cases, added Ashoka. \"In the assembly, a lot has been discussed on these issues, but we have failed to come out with laws on these issues,\" added Ashoka.Dr Balasubramanyam, who also spoke on the occasion said Women posses more talent then the men-folk but unfortunately, they are not seen in more numbers. In America, just 4% of women occupy top positions like CEO or MD, but in India the percentage is still very less, added Dr Balasubramanyam.C Manjula, chairperson, Karantaka State Commission for Women, who also spoke on occasion called upon R Ashoka to provide police security and also to keep an eagle eye to women's hostels and college premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11627773", "title": "Miranda, Hazarika, Dharmendra among Padma awardees", "text": "The late cartoonist Mario Miranda and the late musician Bhupen Hazarika were amongst the five people awarded the Padma Vibhushan Wednesday.The others are sculptor K.G. Subramanyan, orthopaedist Kantilal Hastimal Sancheti and civil servant T.V. Rajeswar.Dharmendra and Shabana Azmi were confirmed for Padma Bhushan along with 25 more awardees. The President of India has approved the conferment of Padma Awards-2012.This year the President has approved 109 awards including one duo case (counted as one) and 14 in the category of Foreigners/ NRIs/ PIOs/ Posthumous. These comprise 5 Padma Vibhushan, 27 Padma Bhushan and 77 Padma Shri Awards.There are 19 ladies among the awardees.Padma Vibhushan1. Shri K G Subramanyan - Art-Painting &amp; Sculpture - West Bengal2. Late Shri Mario De Miranda - Art-Cartoonist - Goa*3. Late (Dr.)Bhupen Hazarika - Art- Vocal Music - Assam*4. Dr. Kantilal Hastimal Sancheti - Medicine - Orthopedics - Maharashtra5. Shri T V Rajeswar - Civil Service - DelhiPadma Bhushan1. Smt. Shabana Azmi - Art - Cinema - Maharashtra2. Shri Khaled Choudhury - Art - Theatre - West Bengal3. Shri Jatin Das - Art - Painting - Delhi4. Pandit Buddhadev Das Gupta - Art - Instrumental Music - Sarod - West Bengal5. Shri Dharmendra Singh Deol alias Dharmendra - Art - Cinema - Maharashtra6. Dr. Trippunithwra Viswanathan Gopalkrishnan - Art - Classical vocal and instrumental music - Tamil Nadu7. Ms. Mira Nair - Art - Cinema - Delhi8. Shri M.S. Gopalakrishnan - Art - Instrumental Music-Violin - Tamil Nadu9. Shri Anish Kapoor - Art - Sculpture - UK*10. Shri Satya Narayan Goenka - Social Work - Maharashtra11. Dr. (Judge) Patibandla Chandrasekhar Rao - Public Affairs - Germany*12. Shri George Yong-Boon Yeo - Public Affairs - Singapore*13. Prof. Shashikumar Chitre - Science and Engineering - Maharashtra14. Dr. M S Raghunathan - Science and Engineering - Maharashtra15. Shri Subbiah Murugappa Vellayan - Trade and Industry - Tamil Nadu16. Shri Balasubramanian Muthuraman - Trade and Industry - Maharashtra17. Dr. Suresh H. Advani - Medicine - Oncology - Maharashtra18. Dr. Noshir H Wadia - Medicine-Neurology - Maharashtra19. Dr. Devi Prasad Shetty - Medicine-Cardiology - Karnataka20. Prof. (Dr.) Shantaram Balwant Mujumdar - Literature and Education - Maharashtra21. Prof. Vidya Dehejia - Literature and Education - USA*22. Prof. Arvind Panagariya - Literature and Education - USA*23. Dr. Jose Pereira - Literature and Education - USA*24. Dr. Homi K. Bhabha - Literature and Education - UK *25. Shri N Vittal - Civil Service - Kerala26. Shri Mata Prasad - Civil Service - Uttar Pradesh27. Shri Ronen Sen - Civil Service - West BengalPadma Shri1. Shri Vanraj Bhatia - Art - Music - Maharashtra2. Shri Zia Fariduddin Dagar - Art - Music - vocal - Maharashtra3. Smt. Nameirakpam Ibemni Devi - Art - Music- Khongjom Parba - Manipur4. Shri Ramachandra Subraya Hegde Chittani - Art - Yakshagana dance drama - Karnataka5. Shri Moti Lal Kemmu - Art - Playwright - Jammu and Kashmir6. Shri Shahid Parvez Khan - Art - Instrumental Music-Sitar - Maharashtra7. Shri Mohan Lal Kumhar - Art - Terracotta - Rajasthan8. Shri Sakar Khan Manganiar - Art - Rajasthani Folk Music - Rajasthan9. Smt. Joy Michael - Art - Theatre - Delhi10. Dr. Minati Mishra - Art - Indian Classical Dance-Odissi. - Orissa11. Shri Natesan Muthuswamy - Art - Theatre. - Tamil Nadu12. Smt. R. Nagarathnamma - Art - Theatre - Karnataka13. Shri Kalamandalm Sivan Nambootiri - Art - Indian Classical Dance- Kutiyattam - Kerala14. Smt. Yamunabai Waikar - Art - Indian Folk Music-Lavani. - Maharashtra15. Shri Satish Alekar - Art - Playwright - Maharashtra16. Pandit Gopal Prasad Dubey - Art - Chhau dance and choreography - Jharkhand17. Shri Ramakant Gundecha and Shri Umakant Gundecha# - Art - Indian Classical Music- Vocal - Madhya Pradesh18. Shri Anup Jalota - Art-Indian Classical Music- Vocal - Maharashtra19. Shri Soman Nair Priyadarsan - Art - Cinema- Direction - Kerala20. Shri Sunil Janah - Art-Photography - Assam21. Ms. Laila Tyebji - Art-Handicrafts - Delhi22. Shri Vijay Sharma - Art-Painting - Himachal Pradesh23. Smt. Shamshad Begum - Social Work - Chattisgarh24. Smt. Reeta Devi - Social Work - Delhi25. Dr. P.K. Gopal - Social Work - Tamil Nadu26. Smt. Phoolbasan Bai Yadav - Social Work - Chattisgarh27. Dr. G. Muniratnam - Social Work - Andhra Pradesh28. Shri Niranjan Pranshankar Pandya - Social Work - Maharashtra29. Dr. Uma Tuli - Social Work - Delhi30. Shri Sat Paul Varma - Social Work - Jammu and Kashmir31. Smt.Binny Yanga - Social Work - Arunachal Pradesh32. Shri Yezdi Hirji Malegam - Public Affairs - Maharashtra33. Shri Pravin H. Parekh - Public Affairs - Delhi34. Dr. V. Adimurthy - Science and Engineering - Kerala35. Dr. Krishna Lal Chadha - Science and Engineering - Agriculture - Delhi36. Prof. Virander Singh Chauhan - Science and Engineering - Delhi37. Prof. Rameshwar Nath Koul Bamezai - Science and Engineering - Jammu and Kashmir", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11621889", "title": "IAF women pilots break altitude barrier", "text": "NEW DELHI: Continuing with their sparkling achievements, IAF women pilots have now begun to go where no women has gone before. They are flying military cargo aircraft sorties to forbidding high-altitude forward areas like Daulat Beg Oldi (DBO) and Leh.\"Since December, some women IAF pilots are flying sorties of AN-32 medium-lift aircraft to DBO, the highest advanced landing ground (makeshift airstrip) in the world at 16,500-feet, and IL-76 heavy-lift aircraft to Leh,\" said a senior officer.These \"women air warriors\" have often beaten their male counterparts in military aviation skills to get where they have reached by the sheer dint of their hard work and \"challenging attitudes\". While women pilots are not yet allowed to fly fighter jets, they have been taking to the skies in helicopters and transport aircraft in IAF for over a decade now.Of the around 950 women officers in IAF, around 70 are pilots. Take Squadron Leader Teji Uppal, who has created history by being the first woman pilot to land at DBO, which overlooks the strategic Karakoram Pass and only a few km away from the China-occupied Aksai Chin area.Commissioned in December, 2002, after passing ahead of many of her male counterparts at the IAF Academy, Squadron Leader Uppal attained the \"B-Green\" category, which makes her \"a totally independent captain to operate in the treacherous mountains of Himalayas\" in a short span of six years.\"Though she was out of flying for almost two years to raise her family, she came right back to the thick of things when there was a requirement for forward area operations in northern Ladakh,\" said an officer.\"A member of the elite group of military aviators who have landed at the risky Vijaynagar and Mechuka ALGs in Arunachal Pradesh, she is also qualified to undertake independent dropping operations in the glacial regions of Ladakh,\" he added.Then, there is Squadron Leader Veena Saharan, who is adept at flying the massive IL-76 `Gajraj' heavy-lift aircraft after initially serving two tenures with AN-32. \"She was the first women pilot to land a military multi-engine aircraft like the IL-76 at the Leh airfield in December. Since then, she has been regularly undertaking independent air maintenance sorties in the northern sector, which is a unique feat,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11623927", "title": "Mamata shakes up KMC, mayor downsized", "text": "KOLKATA: After the reshuffle at Writers' Buildings, a surprise restructuring at Kolkata Municipal Corporation. Prodded by chief minister Mamata Banerjee , mayor Sovan Chatterjee has given up three key departments, including the prized one of revenue assessment and collection.Chatterjee has set a precedent of sorts because the revenue department has always been with the mayor. But the fact that this unique show of \"collective responsibility\" was done under the instructions of Mamata has set the rumour mills agog at the KMC headquarters.Interestingly, the announcement about the KMC reshuffle was made at Writers' Buildings, not the civic HQ. \"It is just like a Cabinet reshuffle. Three departments that were with the mayor will now be looked after by three of his mayor-incouncil colleagues. This has been done to bring in more efficiency and speed in work. The mayor will have overall supervision of all the departments,\" urban development minister Firhad Hakim said on Tuesday.The mayor later said that the decision was taken after he had a talk with the chief minister. He emphasized the \"collective responsibility\" of the mayoral council, which he heads, though the move is being perceived as an indication of trust deficit on the mayor from Mamata, who lovingly calls him by his nickname (Kanan) even in public programmes.The biggest surprise is the mayor losing assessment-collection department for the first time in KMC's history. His predecessors Bikash Bhattacharya, Subrata Mukherjee and Kamal Basu had personally managed this department, as did the mayors before them. \"It is like the chief minister parting with the home (political) department,\" a KMC employee said. It is the key to the corporation's functioning.Majumdar will preside over the switch to the unit area tax method - perhaps the biggest administrative step in KMC's recent history. Then, there are the added responsibilities, like riverfront beautification. Majumdar, thus, has his task cut out. He has to somehow mop up money while ensuring it doesn't pinch citizen's pockets and keep Mamata happy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622602", "title": "Two arrested for supplying arms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The police have arrested two persons hailing from Bihar who used to procure arms from a dealer in Bihar and sell them in the capital. The accused have been identified as Aslam and Dharmendra who were arrested from Prashant Vihar in outer Delhi on Monday.\"During security checks in the run up to Republic Day, we received inputs about two arms suppliers in the area. Our team nabbed them as they were trying to flee,\" said B S Jaiswal, DCP outer district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11622764", "title": "Are directors responsible for a hospital fire, ask panelists", "text": "KOLKATA: Should a railway minister or an aviation minister be arrested after a train accident or a plane crash? Should a transport minister be put behind bars when a state bus mows down pedestrians? Should not a fire minister be prosecuted if the department hands out permissions that it should have withheld?These were some of the issues that cropped up time and again as speakers discussed the pressures and pitfalls of corporate citizenship at the Calcutta Club on Monday. The obvious reference was to the AMRI Hospitals case in which directors are in jail for over one and a half months following the devastating fire that killed 92 people.It is only on Monday that police took two operational staffers of the hospital into custody. They were present on the hospital premises during the fire. The growing exasperation came out Monday evening with many panelists wondering why the government could abdicate all responsibilities and demand corporate bosses fulfill professional and moral obligations. \"Is the law equal? What happens if people die in a bus accident? Is it the owner of the bus who is responsible or is the driver at fault? Or did the mishap occur due to extraneous factors?\" wondered moderator Suman Mukherjee, director of Calcutta Business School director Suman Mukherjee.\"It is often alleged that those close to the government escape prosecution. The pitfall lies in defining the limits of responsibility. The government must lay bare its expectation from the corporates and senior executives' responsibilities as corporate citizens,\" said Oxford professor Tapan Raychaudhuri.Acknowledging that large corporates were capable of enormous good or evil and wielded more power than government agencies, CII national council member Dipankar Chatterjee said the need was for more responsible corporate citizens on the board. \"We need independent directors to perform and not scare them off,\" he said.MP Ajay Kumar, who has witnessed life through various prisms including that of an IPS officer and a corporate executive, felt what people really did mind was the unfair manner in which government treated citizens. \"Had railway ministers been put behind bars for accidents, then people would not mind the arrest of AMRI director,\" he reasoned.RTIICS director Kunal Sarkar, too, felt the government needed to spell out its own responsibilities and tell how much a corporate should chip in. \"A few days ago, there was a lot of hue and cry when a woman living on the street was denied admission to a government hospital and gave birth on the pavement but no one questioned why a woman had to live on the pavement at all,\" he said.With the passionate government-baiting by speakers drawing a lot of applause, senior advocate Jayanta Mitra dispassionately guided the audience through the legality of the AMRI case and sought to justify the actions of police and government. \"It is inevitable that in any large company, directors will not be able to do everything. They have to delegate functions to employees. But the responsibility of a director does not end there. Freedom to delegate does not absolve a director from discharging his duties. Directors are required to take reasonable care to run the affairs of the company and guide members of management. What is expected of directors of a hospital like AMRI is that they lay down internal controls to avoid pitfalls. If they fail to do so, allegations of negligence will be brought against them,\" Mitra argued.Neuro surgeon Sandeep Chatterjee agreed. \"All three partners - government, corporate and the public are responsible for successes and mishaps. To earn that extra buck, government agencies gladly furnish NOCs to businesses that do not conform to rules. Even the public who often gloss over the irregularities are to blame,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11623538", "title": "Child abuse probe goes to CBI", "text": "CHENNAI: The alleged sexual abuse of a four-year-old girl by two woman teachers of her school in Kallakurichi will now be probed by the CBI. Suspecting that there was an attempt shield the accused and tired of rapping the police and CB-CID authorities for poor handling of the case, the Madras high court has now entrusted the probe to the central agency.Noting that the CB-CID's report on the matter did not infuse confidence in the court's mind that the investigation was proceeding in the right direction, the first bench of Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam on Tuesday lambasted the agency and expressed suspicion that it was trying to shield the accused.\"The turn of events prima facie establishes all is not well with the manner in which the investigation is being conducted. The repeated insistence by CB-CID to subject the child to medical examination creates a serious doubt in the mind of this court as to whether the agency is serious about the investigation or is it an attempt to shield the accused,\" the judges said.Pointing out that the matter was handed over to the CB-CID more than three months ago, the judges said: \"Now, after a lapse of more than three months, it appears that CB-CID is also dragging its feet.\" The court asked CBI to file a final report in court within 60 days.The UKG student of a private school was allegedly sexually abused by her teacher and the principal. On the basis of a complaint from the child's mother, a first information report was filed on August 3, 2011. A medical examination at the government hospital at Kallakurichi confirmed abuse, and it was further confirmed by a doctor at a corporate hospital in Chennai. After an attempt by the Kallakurichi inspector of police, Vivekanandan, to access the medical report was brought to the court's notice, it entrusted the probe to the CB-CID.The bench expressed surprise over the CB-CID's claim that they were trying to trace an anonymous caller who had made certain allegations against the accused teachers. \"We fail to understand as to what is the relevance of such anonymous call making certain allegations against the lady teachers,\" the judges said. They made it clear that the child should not be subjected to any further medical examination.Earlier, counsel for the child's mother told the court that the accused teachers had not been examined by the CB-CID so far, and that \"there appears to be an attempt to derail the investigation so as to save the teachers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622551", "title": "Sindhi saint's party to contest UMC alone", "text": "MUMBAI: After the Congress-NCP combine's decision not to tie up with the Secular Alliance of India Party for the Ulhasnagar civic polls, party leader and Sindhi saint Sai Balram has decided to go it alone in 72 seats. During the last poll in 2007, the SAI won 15 seats in alliance with the Shiv Sena-BJP and were given the deputy mayor's post in the UMC. However, after deputy mayor Vinod Thakur parted ways with the SAI, the party withdrew support to the Sena-BJP. This time it was keen on an alliance with the Congres-NCP but both alliances did not give it proper seats. Sai Balram has said this time the party will contest from 72 seats and will help independent candidates and two BSP candidates in the rest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11623846", "title": "Soar with the wind at the Kochi kite fest", "text": "KOCHI: Watch for the right wind, check the tautness of your string and let your kite fly! For all you tensed techies, bored businessmen and fellow Kochiites, toss your worries aside and reach for the skies at the kite festival on January 21.Surprised? Well, kite flying is an Indian tradition and for those of you who are bookworms who can forget Khaled Hosseini's The Kite Runner! Let me steer you back to Mattancherry, Fort Kochi and Palluruthy where Gujarati and North Indian population still celebrate this long-standing tradition in style.\"It is something special you see here. People irrespective of religion or caste fly kites here. It's a celebration of unity,\" says Henrita, a former councilor of Kochi Corporation and a resident of Fort Kochi. For Wilson Nazareth it is like setting his soul free.\"The interest was definitely there but kite flying as a competition was introduced two years back and you won't believe the level of acceptance and interest shown both by tourists and natives. It is nothing short of phenomenal,\" says Wilson. Wilson and his brothers have formed the Nazareth brothers, a club based in Fort Kochi, exclusively concentrating on fostering this culture here.Now kite flying is termed as a health sport. \"Flying kites naturally includes tracking your kite and it will help your concentrate and help vision. On the brighter side it's a great stress buster,\" said Rajesh Nair, founder member of Kite Life Foundation (KLF). Organized by the KLF and tourism department, the three-day kite festival will commence on January 21 at Kuzhipally beach near Cherai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11622264", "title": "For Corrupt and communal to go, vote TMC: Willy", "text": "PANAJI: The state president of the Trinamool Congress (TMC), Wil- fred de Souza on Tuesday lashed out at new BJP member Matanhy Saldanha, for propagating that the BJP is non-communal.Souza made the statement at a media briefing, accompanied by his new vice president, former minister Fatima D'Sa. Souza said that Matanhy is accompanying the BJP on their Jan Sampark Abhiyan all over Goa and telling people that the BJP is not communal. \"I don't know who has brainwashed Matanhy. The BJP and its allies are using violence in the country. Even now they are burning churches in Mangalore, just south of Goa. Tell Matanhy to stop this false propaganda and not to invite this violence here. If he wants to be a BJP man because of an election ticket, let him be, but don't say the BJP is non-communal,\" Souza said.Souza also blamed the Congress for being corrupt. He admitted that he had no problems with the Congress at the centre as his party was a member of the UPA coalition. He said parties are not corrupt but the people who make up these parties are corrupt.Souza said people are approaching him asking for a choice between the communal BJP and the corrupt Congress. \"The middle course for the people of Goa is coming in the form of the Trinamool Congress. We will provide new and clean candidates,\" Souza said.When asked, Souza said that he has already invited applications from interested candidates and has also interviewed some of them. He said his party is interested in fielding all 40 seats and will finalize the candidates shortly.Souza said he is most likely to contest elections from Aldona as two villages from his Saligao constituency - Bastora and Ucassaim - have gone into Aldona constituency, he is a grandson of Aldona and there are also other reasons. Fatima D'Sa declined to answer whether she will contest from Porvorim or not.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11622089", "title": "Anger, dismay over Salman Rushdie gag", "text": "JAIPUR: The air was abuzz with anticipation - and apprehension - as the clock ticked towards 3.45pm. The spacious front lawns of Diggi Palace were packed with people, waiting to hear Salman Rushdie on video link.In the courtyard, a group of young men had just finished offering namaz. \"Rivers of blood will flow here if they show Rushdie,\" said one. Muslim Manch representative Abdul Salim Sankhla told TOI, \"We will not allow Rushdie in any form. There will be violent protests if he speaks.\"Suddenly, a small group worked its way on to the stage, and Diggi Palace owner Ram Pratap Singh took the mike. \"I have taken a decision not to allow this video conference on the advice of Rajasthan police,\" he said. \"There are some people averse to the conference. A large number of them have gathered inside. They have threatened violence. Cancelling the conference is unfortunate but necessary to avoid harm to this property, all of you, my children and youngsters here.\"Festival producer Sanjoy Roy added: \"All of us, the organizers, are hurt, disgusted and ashamed. This issue has been unfolding in an idiotic manner over three weeks. We are being made to step down in the fight for freedom of expression...\"The mood at Diggi Palace quickly transformed from disappointment to anger after the Rushdie video fracas as an impromptu group discussion was called as a \"mark of defiance\". \"I don't agree that today is a setback. It is a wake-up call,\" said poet Javed Akhtar . \"You are sitting in a state which banned a film, Jodha Akbar, after it had been cleared by the Censor Board. You are part of a country whose greatest artist died in exile, where exhibitions of his work are attacked. Why didn't you protest then?\"Akhtar was joined by Tarun Tejpal, Ashok Vajpeyi and Rahul Bose . The discussion was later joined by Mushir-ul Hasan of Rajasthan University and Salim Engineer, representing the Jamaat-e-Islami, which has been part of the protests.\"You may ban a film, but can you ban a film-maker?\" Akhtar continued. \"The debate about the ban on \"The Satanic Verses\" is a separate issue, but how can you ban a person? Any civilized nation has to abide by the law, regardless of Hindu or Muslim. The tragedy of India is that the smallest minority here are Indians.\"Engineer denied that the Jamaat had ever threatened to unleash violence, even as incredulous hoots resounded across the lawns. \"We believe in freedom, but freedom has responsibilities. If someone abuses your father, is that freedom?\"Asked by Akhtar to name two communal Muslim organizations, Engineer replied, \"A true Muslim can never be communal.\"So there. Rushdie was barred from appearing in Jaipur via video link. Never mind that only hours later he was on TV, again via video link, nationally available and speaking out his mind on this \"black farce\" of keeping him out of Jaipur.Earlier, festival producer Sanjay Roy said the organizers tried to reason with the leaders of the protests but they refused to listen. \"For them the very image of Salman on screen was an issue. Even seeing his face was intolerable for them. We are being bullied and forced to step down... I urge all of you to take this debate from here into the wider world, into your homes...\"At that point, Roy's voice broke. Red-eyed, he stepped back, attempted to compose himself, then shrugged and walked off stage, followed by other grim-faced organizers, including William Dalrymple and Namita Gokhale.Among the audience, initial shock and disbelief was replaced by anger and disgust. \"It's so tragic that this is happening two days before Republic Day,\" said an audience member. \"What's happening to the idea of India, our constitutionally guaranteed liberties?\" Others present there chanted, \"Shame\" and booed. But some also expressed relief. \"I'm sad that this has happened. But there are innocent people present here, including the elderly and children. I think the owner took the right decision. Anyway, it's his personal property and he also has the right to not endanger it,\" said another audience member.Police commissioner Bhagwan Lal Soni, who was present at Diggi Palace, told TOI, \"We were ready to provide them security. We had no issue with the video conference. We organized a meeting between the protesting group and the organizers and left it to them to take a call on the issue.\"Interestingly, there was no explanation from either the organizers or the police why the intruders were allowed to walk into the premises till afternoon despite the threats. It was only around 12.30pm that the police suddenly began cordoning off the area and refusing to allow entry, by which time the protesters had already gathered inside.TIMES VIEW", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11623781", "title": "Lizard comes to class, becomes social", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of a college in Civil Lines had an entertaining day in the class recently when a lizard appeared in their classroom. Soon it became the talk of the town and went online on Facebook, where lots of students have commented on the incident. The lizard was noticed on the tubelight in classroom and then started the fun. A resident of Phillaur, Tanya Sandhu, said in the morning at 10.30, the class was about to start when students spotted a lizard on the tubelight. All the students started shouting and throwing things on the poor reptile. \"I threw a chalk at it but missed the target. After that I again tried a couple of times but the exercise turned futile.Heena Nayyar of Phillaur said she threw a tetra pack of juice but of no avail, as the lizard hid behind the wall, making them difficult to target it. Sherrin Bawa of Haibowal said as most of the students were throwing things on the lizard, she thought of doing something else. She went to the switch board and started switching off and on the light. As a result, the lizard fell on the floor. By the time they observed, the lizard was dead. Thinking of some fun, the students placed the lizard in front of the classroom door.Harpreet Purewal of BRS Nagar said as the lecturer was about to enter the classroom, she saw the lizard and stepped back, as the students kept shouting. So, the teacher went back, as no one told her that the lizard was dead because everyone wanted to escape the period. Teachers in the staff room also didn't move out as they were frightened. Then, Bhavanjot Kaur of Jhawaddi put up a show of courage and put the lizard below the almirah of the teacher. It was then that the lecturer entered the classroom, but by that time, the period was over, the teacher took attendance and went back.When the incident was over, students kept asking one another, whether the lizard was a male or female, amid peals of laughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11625758", "title": "Producer Vinod Bachchan hospitalised", "text": "Producer Vinod Bachchan had to be admitted to a suburban hospital, after experiencing acute abdominal pain a couple of days ago on the sets of Zilla Ghaziabad.The filmmaker has reportedly been diagnosed with kidney stones and will have to remain in hospital for some time.When contacted, Bachchan confirmed the story and said, \"Two days ago, I was admitted to Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital as I was in immense pain, while shooting for the film. When I came to the hospital, they asked me to get admitted and I was told that I have kidney stones.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11623006", "title": "Errant officials to face stiff action during elections", "text": "NOIDA: The district administration has put in place a force of more than 8,000 personnel culled out from various departments of the state government, the central government, different PSUs and the CISF to ensure that polling in the three assembly segments of Gautam Budh Nagar proceeds smoothly. To combat short-staffing during the elections, the administration has said that strict action will be taken against those officials who absent themselves on flimsy grounds.Senior officials said that there will be 1,000 polling stations spread over the three assemblies of Noida, Dadri and Jewar. Each polling station will be manned by one booth level officer, one micro-level observer and 3 observers nominated by the Election Commission. \"Each polling station will have four officials alongside a host of other officials,\" said an official.To deal with exigent circumstances, an additional 2,000 officials have also been kept on reserve. \"These officials will be pressed into service in case we more are needed in certain polling stations,\" said the official.The administration has also warned that any official found absent from election duty will face strict action. \"Officials, who have been assigned specific duties, but are found absent on the polling day will be booked by the police and an FIR will be lodged against them. The administration will not tolerate any lackadaisical attitude towards fulfilling election duties,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11625951", "title": "Sanjay Dutt\u2019s call to the original Kancha Cheena", "text": "Sanjay Dutt is all geared up to essay one of the darkest characters of his career for the remake of the 1990 film Agneepath.  The same character - Kancha Cheena- made iconic by Danny Denzonpa in the original film. And since the character till date is considered the biggest on-screen villains of all time, Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Sanjay made a call to the veteran actor to invite him to watch the remake.A unit member revealed that Sanjay was keen on getting Danny's inputs on his portrayal of the character, before the film releases. The unit member explained, \"Sanjay wanted to organise a special trial for Danny. Finally, he spoke to him on Tuesday morning and expressed his wishes to Danny. Sanjay has immense respect for Danny saab and he wanted to seek his blessings and that's why he called him.\"When contacted, Sanjay confirmed the news and said, \"Yes, I called Danny and I requested him to watch the film. He said he would love to watch the film, as he has seen the promos and will want to watch it in theatres with the rest of the audience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11623046", "title": "New energy norms hike fridge, AC prices", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prices of refrigerators and air conditioners are rising on the back of the new Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE) norms that came into force at the start of the year. White goods makers said they were hiking prices by up to 10% as the new norms call for greater investments to make products that consume less power.Now, the conventional rating of split ACs and frost-free fridges will go up one notch. This means an AC that was rated five-star in 2011, will carry a four-star tag this year and a three-star rating in 2013. Consequently, a product which was a one-star in 2011 will no longer be available in the market this year. While the norms are intended to reduce energy consumption, companies will have to launch newer products in the five-star category that are compliant with these norms.As the new Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE) norms call for greater investments to make white goods that consume less power, companies feel price hike is the only solution. Appliance makers say they are grappling with high raw material costs and a weak rupee. With the latest round of increase, prices have gone up by close to 15% since the start of the current financial year.Videocon director Anirudh Dhoot, who also heads Consumer Electronics and Appliances Manufactures Association (CEAMA), the industry lobby group, said price rise would be the only resort for companies. \"Besides the alarming exchange rate, a continuous upgrade in technology for more energy efficient appliances will attract higher production cost,\" said Dhoot.Godrej said it is increasing prices by 3-10%, the fourth since last year. \"Price hikes will impact demand. Our topline growth for the current fiscal is nearly 10% short of the target,\" said Kamal Nandi, executive vice-president (sales and marketing), Godrej.BEE, however, said the impact on consumers will be temporary. \"It is the customer who will benefit in the end. The standards have been made stricter as it will ensure customers only get energy efficient products. Extra expenses now will be compensated later by the low energy spent on consumption of these products,\" said BEE's Ajay Mathur.Companies such as LG have already increased prices though they said it is due to higher input costs. \"Due to continuous increase in input cost and rupee depreciation, it was imperative for us to consider the price hike in India,\" said LG's president for South West Asia Soon Kwon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "11624148", "title": "80-year-old woman raped", "text": "REWARI: An 80-year-old woman was allegedly raped and physically assaulted by a neighbour at her house in Nangal village, 12 km from here, police said on Tuesday.Ashok Kumar (35), who is married and has three children, allegedly intruded into the woman's house and raped her on Sunday night. He also tried to strangulate the woman, leaving her unconscious, thinking that she was dead, police said.The accused has been arrested and cases of rape and attempt to murder have been registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11622062", "title": "Cops nab man who raped 2-yr-old", "text": "MARGAO: The Colva police arrested 25-year-old Santan Fernandes for raping a two-year-old on Tuesday.On Saturday, the police had registered a case under IPC Section 376 against Fernandes. Police sources had said that Fernandes, a daily wage worker who lived in the vicinity of the victim's residence, committed the sexual assault on Friday evening after finding her alone at home.The mother, on discovering what happened to her daughter, slapped Fernandes who was in an inebriated stated and rushed to the police station to file the complaint. Fernandes who was reportedly absconding since Friday was initially charged with molesting the toddler but pursuant to medical examination of the child conducted at GMC, Bambolim, the charge was changed to rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11622672", "title": "MBA graduate found dead", "text": "HYDERABAD: An MBA graduate was found dead under suspicious circumstances in Himayathsagar on Tuesday. The victim, Panduranga Reddy, 26, of Bapuji Nagar in Langer Houz, was an MBA graduate.Apart from running an internet centre in Langer Houz, Reddy was also managing a primary school at Are Maisamma in Rajendranagar.According to police, Reddy left home on Monday at around 4 am without informing his parents. As his phone was switched off and he did not return till late in the night, his parents lodged a complaint with the Langer Houz police.On Tuesday, police received information that Reddy's bike was found abandoned on the Himayatsagar bund. His body was seen floating in the water in the afternoon. After fishing out the body, a suspicious death case was booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622654", "title": "New trains to cut Metro travel time", "text": "NEW DELHI: Travelling by Metro will become a breeze in the new lines coming up in Phase III. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) plans to float global tenders for 486 coaches next month. These trains will be faster, sturdier and more reliable, says DMRC's HS Anand. \"The ridership at the busiest point on line 7 (Mukundpur-Yamuna Vihar) is pegged at 28,000. To deal with this passenger load, we are going in for better trains in the third phase,\" said Anand, director (rolling stock).The trains, which are to be funded by Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), will have a higher average speed, cutting down the travel time considerably. Said Anand, \"The average speed will go up from the existing 32kmph to 36kmph. So a trip that earlier took 3.45 hours will take only three hours on these trains.\" The reason for the higher speed is the presence of more powered coaches in these train sets. While the train sets now have only three of the six coaches drawing power, the news ones will have four powered coaches. \"With more powered coaches, there is a corresponding increase in speed, as the trains will accelerate and decelerate faster,\" added Anand.The frequency of the trains will be ramped up on the two new lines-Mukundpur-Yamuna Vihar and Janakpuri (west)-Kalindi Kunj.The trains are also going to be more \"reliable\", says Delhi Metro. \"The sub-system of these new trains is an improved version, as they will be more advanced technically. These coaches will be 60% better than the trains in Phase II,\" added Anand. Also, the trains will have wider coaches that can accommodate more people. Said Anand, \"The trains are standard gauge trains but the coaches will have the same width as broad gauge trains, making it easier to accommodate around 50 more people inside the coach.\" Standard gauge coaches are 2.9m wide while broad gauge coaches are 3.2m wide.Additional features of the trains include LED-based lighting for energy conservation, LCD screens for passengers as well as longer life of the train. \"The global tender will floated soon. The tender documents have been sent to JICA for approval, before the tender is taken out by Delhi Metro. JICA's approval is needed as it will be funding the procurement of trains in Phase III,\" added Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622848", "title": "Varsity inks research pact with DRDO", "text": "NEW DELHI: Research in Delhi University will no longer be confined to departments and faculties. DU has initiated a number of programmes for undergraduate students and teachers.It has tied up with the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) for setting up a centre of excellence in DU by 2015. The university has also invited proposals for funding innovative projects in its colleges.DU and DRDO signed a memorandum of understanding for joint collaboration on research and development on Monday. The idea is to identify core research areas of mutual interest and work towards establishing a centre of excellence through funding from DRDO within three years. This collaboration will enable the centre to take up joint sponsored projects.Meanwhile, for the first time, DU is introducing trans-disciplinary research projects for college students. The students will be led by three faculty members and will be guided in each project by an erudite figure from outside the colleges. Students who propose innovative research projects, that are not linked to their syllabi, will be given a grant of up to Rs 10 lakh to execute the project within a year. The fund will be divided into Rs 3 lakh for equipment, Rs 2 lakh for outstation field trips and Rs 1 lakh for local trips, among others.\"Undergraduate students have the best mindset and can think out of the box to come up with innovative ideas. This is one of the most ambitious projects by the university to involve undergraduate students in serious research. The idea is to get students excited about what they are studying during their three years of college in DU. Moreover, along with students, teachers will also get involved,\" said V-C of DU, Dinesh Singh.The project proposals have to be prepared by a team of 10 undergraduate students from at least two departments. The team should also have three faculty members of different departments. Students working I the selected project will get a stipend of Rs 1,000 per month, while the advisor will be eligible for a one-time honourarium of Rs 25,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11622725", "title": "Exercise restraint during festive celebrations: AK Khan", "text": "HYDERABAD: City police commissioner A K Khan held a meeting on Tuesday with leaders from the Muslim community and sought their cooperation in the smooth conduct of Milad-un Nabi celebrations scheduled for February 5.Issues such as rallies and putting up of flags and buntings were discussed. About a dozen religious leaders including Mufit Khaleel Ahmed, Maulana Qubool Pasha Shuttari, Qazi Azam Ali Sufi, Maulana Jafar Pasha and Maulana Rahimuddin Ansari met the commissioner.Khan urged the leaders that flags and buntings should be put up in areas where the population of Muslims is predominant. Citizens, including from their own community, should not be inconvenienced, he said and asked the committee members to ensure that the revellers exercise restraint in mixed population localities.Buntings would be allowed to be erected only a day before the festival. Permission should be taken for processions and must be taken out in an organized manner with sufficient number of volunteers to control the participants, the commissioner said.\"The religious leaders came up with some suggestions that the police would take into consideration,\" additional commissioner, law and order, Amit Garg said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "venur", "code": "11630448", "title": "Venur prepares for \"mahamasthakabhisheka\u2019\u2019", "text": "VENUR: The enchanting 35 feet monolithic statue of Lord Bahubali, situated on the northern side of River Phalguni, is all set to receive its first \"mahamasthakabhisheka'' (anointing) for nine days, after a gap of 12 years, starting from January 28.This anointing, a religious ceremony as a sign of sanctification, can be termed as a precursor for \"mahamasthakabhisheka'' for Bhaubali's in state starting with Karkala 2014, for the largest and oldest monolith at Shravanabelagola in 2018 and Dharmasthala in 2019.The \"mahamasthakabhisheka'' at Venur will have several firsts to its credit. It's the only Bahubali wherein a successor of Ajila Dynasty which erected the Bahubali in 1604 AD, Dr Padmaprasad Ajila, guiding religious activities. Another first is the use of steel attalige (scaffolding), erected at a cost of Rs 26 lakh. The scaffoldings of earlier 'mahamasthakabhisheka'' for any Bahubali anointing were made with wooden poles. Yet another first is the use of buffet system, as against servings of meals.The scaffolding is in the final stages of finishing which will give the devotees an easy way to approach the 'mastaka' (head) portion of Lord Bahubali for easy 'kalasha abhishekha'.Sharmit Kemar, scaffolding committee coordinator, told TOI: the entire structure will have safety nets to prevent any accidents. While the monolith is 35 ft tall, the scaffolding is 61 feet in height and has six floors. There is also a lift system to take the kalasha's mechanically to the top. Another environment friendly initiative adopted at Venur is the water from the ``mahamasthakabhisheka'' ceremony will run along a pipeline to a collection pit.Premkumar Hosmar, chief coordinator and Ashok Kumar, coordinator, Food Committee, said: We expect 20,000 crowd on the first few days and about 40,000 on the last couple of days. We are ready with a 10,000 sq ft kitchen with 70 cooks. We can serve 1,000 people at a time and 2,000 people for buffet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11622988", "title": "JDA enforcement team faces opposition", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) enforcement cell that reached Kartarpura in Mahesh Nagar area to remove encroachment had to face strong opposition on Tuesday. The slum dwellers burnt tyres in the middle of the road causing traffic jam for more than an hour.The residents allegedly also manhandled the local police present on the spot. However, senior police officials managed to appease the residents and were able to demolish about 31 houses.An official said, \"To widen the road we have to remove around 250 houses situated in the slum areas. In three days we will remove these houses.\"The families will be rehabilitated near Sanganer and Bhankrota on the city outskirts and will have concrete houses. According to the JDA official the houses are being constructed. The decision to rehabilitate them was taken as the underpass was proposed in the area. However, due to technical reasons the project was dropped and the authorities decided to widen the road from both sides.The residents of the area protested against the drive as they are asking for more time. \"Many of our children are studying in classes X and XII and shifting us now will disturb everyone. We have asked the authorities for four months\" said Susheela Devi, a resident here. She added, \"We have also not received the compensation money and they cannot demolish our houses without prior notice.\"However, JDA refuted Susheela Devi's claim and said that it had sent notices had been issued to the families one month back and the residents had signed the consensus letter too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11623281", "title": "Shillong IIM to start PG course in int'l biz", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Rajiv Gandhi Indian Institute of Management, Shillong, is set introduce a one-year post-graduate executive programme in international business with a focus on China. The new course, which will be launched in April in collaboration with Ocean University in Qingdao, China, will give students an opportunity to study for six months each in China and in India.\"China has proved its superiority over the United States and the European Union . The competitiveness of the people of that country is a key factor pushing them to new heights in the fields of construction and urban development among others. In China, the government, which works like a corporation, is a performance-oriented structure,\" said Ashoke K Dutta, director of IIM Shillong, while addressing the media here on Tuesday.Dutta said most universities in India are tying up with educational institutions of the US and the countries representing the European Union. \"Unlike some of the leading institutions, IIM Shillong is working with institutions in Singapore, South Korea, Japan and China. These Asian educational institutes can compete with the best in the world,\" he added.Only aspirants with two years of work experience in a company will be considered for the executive MBA programme, which will cost around Rs 12 lakh. The government of Meghalaya has already nominated 20 officials who will be part of the programme in the first year.\"The first batch will comprise 30 students. We will increase the number of seats to 40 in due course,\" Dutta emphasised.IIM Shillong conducted the first part of the advanced management programme - titled 'Sino-Indian Global Reciprocal Advanced Management Programme - on \"Understanding China: Business and Culture\" from January 9 to January 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622326", "title": "Civic assistant legal officer held for graft", "text": "MUMBAI: The state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) arrested a Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) assistant legal officer while accepting a Rs 20,000 bribe on Tuesday.Kumud Krishna Soran, caught at a BEST bus-stop near Siddharth College, near the Bombay high court, Fort, has been booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act and will be produced before the special ACB court on Wednesday.The complainant is a Juhu resident who is into the packing business. He had constructed a building on his plot inside a private housing society in JVPD Scheme. The complainant wanted to give the plot on lease to a private bank but a wall obstructed the way. He filed a complaint with the Santa Cruz ward office, stating that the wall was illegal and should be demolished. The BMC had allegedly issued a notice to the society for demolishing the wall based on the complaint.The society filed a suit in the city civil court, seeking protection against the notice. \"The society stated in the suit that the complainant's plot was in a residential society and hence could not be leased out. Secondly, he had illegally constructed the building. The society also said the wall was legal,\" a police officer said.The court rejected the society's first two contentions and stayed the wall's demolition. The complainant then moved the Bombay high court, which told the society and BMC to file affidavits.The complainant then approached Soran, who allegedly demanded Rs 50,000. She told the complainant that he will have to pay an advance as people often forgot them once their work was done. She claimed that the money had to be distributed among other officers too. The complainant then lodged a complaint with the ACB.Last week, she accepted the first installment of Rs 20,000 but the ACB officials caught her on Tuesday when she accepted Rs 20,000 more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622635", "title": "Highway gang murdered IAF man, busted", "text": "NEW DELHI: A gang of highway bandits - involved in a spate of robberies on GT Karnal Road - has been nabbed from Ludhiana for allegedly murdering a retired IAF sergeant Surender Singh (48). The sergeant was killed when he resisted the gang's bid to rob him on the night of January 14.A joint team of the northwest district special staff and Special Operation Squad of the crime branch conducted raids at Delhi, Haryana and Punjab before the four men were arrested on Monday from near Akshardham Temple. They have been identified as Rakesh Kak (22), Deepak (20), Deepak Khairwal (26) and Rampal (19). Gang leader Khairwal was a travel agent who suffered losses in business. His accomplices are drivers by profession.Singh was a resident of Sector 10, Gurgaon and was returning home from Kala Amb in Himachal Pradesh, where he works as a general manager with a shoe manufacturing company. \"Surender would come home every weekend. He parked his car at Ambala and took a bus. He got off at the highway where four men coaxed him to take a lift to ISBT Kashmere Gate. That is when he was murdered. The police team zeroed in on highway robbers and succeeded in identifying the culprits headed by Deepak Khairwal of Trilokpuri. A laptop and two mobile phones have been recovered from the accused,'' said DCP (northwest) Meenu Chaudhry.During interrogation, it came to light that the accused, who were unemployed, used to drive taxis in Delhi and NCR and fleece passengers.\"The accused had hired an Accent for the purpose. As they got better at duping passengers, the youths formed a gang to target vulnerable persons at GTK bypass, Dhaula Kuan, ISBT Anand Vihar and Mehrauli-Badarpur Road. Khairwal disclosed that on January 14 he was on the lookout for easy targets at the bypass. On spotting Singh, the gang lured him to take a taxi till ISBT Kashmere Gate. When they reached Mukundpur red light, they took a U-turn towards Sonipat to rob Singh at an isolated place. When Singh resisted, they stabbed him in the neck thrice. The accused dumped Singh's body near Budhpur Nala on GTK Road and made away with two mobile phones, a laptop and cash worth Rs 23,000,'' said the DCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11623063", "title": "BSF lodges protest with Pak Rangers", "text": "JAISALMER: The BSF on Tuesday held a flag meeting with Pakistan Rangers following an incident in which smugglers from Pakistan threw 18 kg of heroin worth Rs 90 crore into the Indian territory in Ganganagar on the wee hours of Monday. The smugglers who had come at the Indian border to collect the consignment could not be traced. They are said to be old smugglers of Punjab.According to BSF sources, the Pakistani Rangers were shown the spot where the smugglers from Pakistan threw packets of heroin with a help of pipe-like thing. BSF also showed Pak rangers the mark of footsteps of smugglers and also an effort by them to wipe away the marks of footsteps.The BSF lodged a protest over the incident.Meanwhile, two Indians came to the border in a vehicle to take the delivery of the consignment. One of them reached near the fencing, while other was standing near the vehicle. However, the BSF men at Khakhiyan noticed them and both of them ran towards the border and escaped.The Khakhiyan border outpost where the consignment of heroin was found is the last post of Rajasthan and after which the Punjab border starts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622610", "title": "Candidates' expense limit hiked to Rs 4 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: The State Election Commission (SEC) has increased the limit for poll expenses for corporation elections from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 4 lakh.Though the poll panel's decision has come as a welcome relief for many contestants, not all are comfortable with it. Especially because the SEC would closely monitor every paisa spent by the candidates.The SEC has directed election officers to take into account prevailing local rates for services and prepare a list of major articles or services. The list will be referred to by the respective returning officers to calculate expenditure of candidates regardless of the value of vouchers produced by them.Even though rates quoted by the SEC are less than the prevailing market rates, parties and candidates are already claiming these were on the higher side. A sitting corporator said the rates decided by the civic body were exorbitant. He claimed the SEC values each cup of tea with snacks at Rs 25 but the same can be made at much cheaper cost.The specified rate for a petrol driven car is Rs 1200 for eight hours or 80 km. However, in market, the rate is Rs 720 and Rs 800 for non-AC and AC car respectively, a private transporter said. Similarly, the market rate for hiring a truck is between Rs 2,000-2500 including fuel and driver's wage. However, the list quotes Rs 3,000.Justifying the rate list, an official said that the rates had been revised considering various aspects. He pointed out that during 2007 polls, the rate for erecting a welcome arch was Rs 700-2500 per day, this time it is between Rs 1,000-3,000 which was reasonable.Rate card* Vehicles like auto/jeep/car/mini-truck, truck have to be booked at (between) Rs 750 and Rs 3000 for a day (eight hours or 80 km)* Hiring a help would be rated at Rs 100 per day* Hiring charges for a chair fixed at Rs 3 per chair per day* For setting up a stage, rate is Rs 20 per sq ft* Printing 1,000 pamphlets will be taken as Rs 2500 expense and 1,000 handbills at rates between Rs 10 to Rs 750 per sq ft* Four sets of loudspeaker at Rs 1500 for three hours", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11624265", "title": "Kurien continues to win our hearts", "text": "BANGALORE: \"It was Kurien's efforts that brought a small town like Anand in Gujarat on the global map. If milk producers are leading a happy life today it because of him,\" chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said on Tuesday.Felicitating V Kurien, father of the White Revolution, Gowda said: \"The government will give all encouragement for increasing milk production in Karnataka. We will also increase the grant. Karnataka is depending on Kurien for a milk revolution in the state.''Kurien was felicitated by the Karnataka Milk Federation on the occasion of Nandini Talent Hunt competition. The veteran Padma Vibhushan, who was brought to the function on a wheelchair, attended the programme with his wife, daughter and grandson. Former CM BS Yeddyurappa, who was also to be felicitated, gave the function a miss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622491", "title": "Krishna moves SC over Karnataka mining case", "text": "NEW DELHI: External affairs minister S M Krishna on Tuesday moved the Supreme Court seeking quashing of private complaint and probe by Lokayukta police against him over alleged illegal mining during his tenure as Karnataka CM from 1999 to 2004.The petition by Krishna challenged the January 20 decision of the Karnataka HC by which his plea for quashing the private complaint and proceedings ordered by the Lokayukta Special Court against him was declined. He termed the HC verdict as erroneous that held that investigation will continue into a Cabinet decision on dereserving of forest area.The petition, filed through advocate Vijay Lakshmi Menon, contended that the Cabinet decision was a collective one taken by 34 ministers and an individual cannot be held responsible for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623964", "title": "'Badal kin make for explosive battle'", "text": "Barely 6 km from Lambi as the clock slowly moves towards a warm afternoon, a group of villagers, mostly elders, languidly sip on their glass of tea, discussing the chances of Parkash Singh Badal in these elections.Though all of them say the veteran is bound to win, they are eager to witness what happens on January 30. Similar scenes and discussions take place in every village of Lambi constituency, with the sath being the favourite hangout spot.\"Dekh veere, aitki sada Lambi jyada damdaar ho gaya haiga. Tino Badal je chon vich khadge (The Lambi contest is going to be explosive this time as all three Badal brothers are contesting from here),\" says Surjeet Singh of Lalbhai. He thinks Mahesh Inder has a better chance. Though nobody has a problem with Parkash, his men have ruined his chances.Taking a swig of his sweet tea, Gursewak Singh intervenes, \"Badal sahab gave a lot of funds for the development of villages here. What's his fault if those around him are the wrong people?\" As the young boy working at tea stall brings in the kettle with the piping hot concoction, an elderly ShivRaj Singh says, \"Please pour some tea in my glass? lest it goes cold as we discuss the polls.\"But for Daljeet Singh of Channu, the lack of Gurdas Badal's support will definitely benefit the Congress. Tea stall owner Gurjant Singh says, \"Bhai sahab aajkal chaa peende hoye saare aihi gallan kari jande ne. Kuch Congress nu jitake uthde ne te koi Badal sahab nu (All customers talk only about these things nowadays. While somebody makes the Congress victorious, others say Badal (Parkash) will win).\"In between a man shouts out, \"If the EC continues to be as strict and neither money nor muscle power is used, Mahesh Inder is going to win.\"At this, Darshan Singh cracks, \"Oye tussi aiwen hi gallan maari jaande ho, jit te badal di hi hou te dhol vi Badal pind ichh hi bajna (All of you are needlessly discussing this. Badal is going to win eventually and the celebrations will break out in Badal village? whether it is on this side of the wall or that, only time will tell).\"Punjab Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622503", "title": "1,428 nomination forms sold", "text": "NAGPUR: The first day of the nomination process witnessed distribution of 1,428 nomination forms in all 12 zones. Just one candidate - Sharique Khan Pathan from Mangalwari Zone - submitted his form.Those who bought the nomination forms included 14 corporators namely leader of opposition Vikas Thakre, chairman of water works committee Prakash Totwani, Parinay Fuke, Kamlesh Chaudhary, Sandeep Gavai, Baba Maind, Baba Maind, Dipak Kapse, Sujatha Kombade, Julfekar Bhuto, Manoj Sangole, Prakash Gondane, Heera Gedam, Meena Barde and Narayan Bobade.Pathan filled up the 12-page nomination form along with affidavit, certificates in a single day. Pathan along with his supporters submitted the nomination form from Gorewada (ward no. 8) at the office of Mangalwari Zone.The highest number of nomination forms were purchased from Ashi Nagar Zone (188) followed by Narendra Nagar Zone (167), Dharampeth Zone (165), Satranjipura Zone (128), Shanti Nagar Zone (122), Mangalwari Zone (117), Lakadganj Zone (113), 95 each at Hanuman Nagar Zone, Dhantoli Zone and Nehru Nagar Zone, Gandhibagh Zone (76) and Laxmi Nagar Zone (67).The candidates have to buy and submit forms from the zone under which their ward comes. Thus, the picture of a few corporators or political leaders wishing to contest from other zones will become clear. For example, corporator from Bajrang Nagar ward Sandip Gavai obtained the form from Dharampeth Zone. Gavai's existing ward comes under Hanuman Nagar Zone situated in South Nagpur while Dharampeth Zone is in West Nagpur. It means he would contest from the ward coming under Dharampeth Zone, probably from VNIT ward.The other 13 corporators look set to contest from their respective zones.Nomination forms will be available at the zones between 11am and 3pm at Rs100 each. The fee has been fixed as Rs5,000 per head for the open category and Rs2,500 per head for the reserved class. Candidates not having their names in the voters' list will not be allowed to contest.A candidate can buy as many nomination forms as he wishes to but he cannot submit more than 4.As national parties like the Congress-NCP and BJP-Sena have not released their list of candidates, the bigwigs may not come to submit the nomination forma before January 27 or 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11623801", "title": "Verma\u2019s viscera preserved", "text": "LUCKNOW: An over-cautions Lucknow police, which drew flak for its alleged mishandling of Dr YS Sachan murder case in June 2011, got the viscera of Jal Nigam engineer's preserved on Tuesday. Engineer Sunil Verma, who was one of the accused in the National Rural Health Mission Scam, shot himself on Monday. His house had been raided by the CBI on January 4.The viscera is generally preserved in the cases when the cause of death is not confirmed. Although Vikasnagar's station officer confirmed that Verma died of bullet injury, his viscera was preserved.A senior officer said keeping in mind the sensitivity surrounding the case, the police thought it wise to ensure that viscera of Verma should preserved in case of any need in future.The NRHM scam claimed its fourth victim on Monday when the Jal Nigam assistant engineer Sunil Verma, 55, allegedly committed suicide. He was the officiating project manager with the Construction and Design Services (C&DS;) of the Jal Nigam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bathinda/sirsa", "code": "11623644", "title": "One cult that Punjab\u2019s political elite bow to", "text": "BATHINDA/SIRSA: The controversial Dera Sacha Sauda with 35 lakh devotees in Punjab influences the course of state elections. The dera's Sirsabased chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh issues a directive to followers on which party to vote and this can be a game-changer.That's because, the dera's main area of influence is the Malwa region that houses 13 key districts from where the state's political elite comes. As many as 67 of the total 117 Assembly seats are here. \"Of the more than 35 lakh dera devotees, 70% are in Malwa, the rest are spread over Doaba and Majha,\" a dera functionary said.The key Malwa districts include Patiala, Bathinda, Sangrur, Ferozepur , Patiala and Faridkot, many of them power the state economy. CM Parkash Singh Badal's constituency Lambi is in Bathinda. His rival Captain Amarinder Singh is from Patiala . Other key players such as deputy CM Sukhbir Badal and Manpreet Badal too are contesting from Malwa.Baba Gurmeet Ram Rahim's spiritual hold over his followers remains undisputed despite pending cases against him and these relate to alleged grave offenses like murder . Last Sunday, during an interaction with TOI at a satsang in Sirsa , he said no candidate or party had mentioned the issue of the CBI cases . In 2007, the dera threw its weight behind Congress. The result showed. Akali Dal was routed in its Malwa stronghold. Congress picked up 37 of the 67 seats. The stunning upset in Malwa made parties aware of dera's power and they are pulling out all stops to secure its \"blessings\" . As many as 200 of them belonging to all parties have already visited the headquarters. They've all held meetings with Baba Ram Rahim Singh, a top cult member said. Baba has not revealed his hand yet, sparking speculation whether he will, like the last time, come out openly in Congress's support. The Guru has limited himself to advising those flocking to him to stop drug abuse and female foeticide.The dera's vote directive comes only after an elaborate process. The cult's political wing, Sadh Sangat, gathers feedback from followers. The dera chief has the final word on who to vote for. \"Our second survey to gather feedback is nearing completion,\" Ram Singh, a Sadh Sangat member said.As per rules, the decision isn't made public and only read out to chosen followers who in turn spread the word of Baba Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh.The dera chief took questions from TOI during the satsang. These were read out on an open stage and the dera chief answered them in front of the audience. \"Yes, politicians from Punjab have visited the dera and this process is still on.\" As for the cases against him, he said I know I am right and all the cases registered against me are false.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622968", "title": "Guru's happiness mantra: Rejoice without a reason", "text": "NEW DELHI: In 120 minutes of seasoned and peppy analytical thought, new-age guru Dr Deepak Chopra left the 400-odd people gathered at the Chinmaya Mission auditorium happier than they were when they arrived to hear him. Many of them had waited more than three hours for a vantage seat.\"Be happy without reason,\" said Dr Chopra, quoting the Dalai Lama. \"If you are happy with a reason, that reason may be taken away from you, and you'll lose your joy. If you are happy without reason, nobody can take your happiness away.\" It would be no exaggeration to say that Chopra, best-selling author, senior scientist with Gallup Organisation, and notably described by Time magazine as \"poet-prophet of alternative medicine\", is to wellness what Einstein was to physics: a path breaker.Dr Chopra was declaiming at the Mission auditorium during the live streaming of Speaking Tree, the world's first online spiritual networking website with over 70,000 seekers and 70 spiritual masters. He spoke to Gallup before his Chinmaya Mission address about the happiness quotient of India. \"Any nation scoring 70% in terms of its people's happiness is thriving. Countries between 40% to 70% are struggling. Those less than 40% are suffering.\"Then he gave India's score: \"It's 17%... But Denmark, on the other hand, has 79% of its people happy.\"Dr Chopra said absence of illness is a pre-requisite for happiness. \"We need to understand the mechanism of illness, its origin... We need to find out who we are, and not confuse self with body. Body is activity in consciousness, whereas mind (UCLA's Daniel Seagull's definition) is an embodied rational process that regulates the flow of energy and information.\"He said healing has to be holistic. For example, a headache caused by sinusitis cannot be treated with painkillers. The mind has to \"intend\" with \"attention\" to heal the body.Intentions are triggers for transformation in the body, he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622282", "title": "Another girl kidnapped and raped in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A six-year-old girl was kidnapped from outside her hutment near Mahim station and raped in the bushes opposite the railway tracks on Monday evening, said the Shahu Nagar police.This is the third instance of a minor girl being kidnapped and raped in the city in the last four days.The girl was playing outside her hutment around 7pm on Monday when an unidentified man kidnapped her, said the police. Medical examination has confirmed that the girl was raped. A police team has been formed to track down the accused who is suspected to be a local.The girl's mother learnt about the incident around 8.15pm. In her complaint, the victim's mother said, \"I was busy with household work while my younger daughter was playing outside our home. In the evening, my elder daughter went looking for her sister and realized that she was missing. We started looking for her in the locality. A little later, my elder daughter spotted her sister crying on the other end of the railway track and informed me.\"Deputy commissioner of police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni said they have registered a case of kidnapping and rape. \"We have information about the accused and will soon nab him. The victim was forcibly taken to an isolated spot that is thickly populated with bushes a little distance from her hutment,\" Kulkarni said.Investigators said the victim is in a state of shock and is undergoing treatment at JJ Hospital.On Friday, the 14-year-old daughter of a businessman was allegedly kidnapped and raped by a 22-year-old college dropout, Sagar Raorane, in Bhandup (W). Raorane, who had taken the girl to a hotel where he repeatedly raped her, was arrested on Monday.On Sunday, a seven-year-old girl was kidnapped from near her Baiganwadi home at Shivaji Nagar in Govandi and allegedly raped by an unidentified youth.A total of six rape cases had been registered across Mumbai city till January 22 this year. The figure matches the same period in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622558", "title": "Congress-NCP manifesto focus on girl child", "text": "MUMBAI: Besides promising better infrastructure and clean administration, the soon-to-be-released Congress-NCP combine manifesto could harp on several emotive points. With the 2011 census highlighting a skewed sex ratio in the city, the manifesto, expected to be released during a campaign kick-off rally on February 3, is likely to promise measures for the girl child, like promoting education.Free travel in BEST buses could be promised for school girls. Other incentives to promote education of the girl child are being considered too. Improved infrastructure in civic schools to check the overall drop-out rate could be promised too.Other likely promises include a ten-fold rise in travel concession to senior citizens in BEST, is also on the cards. Senior citizens are currently offered a concession of Rs 25 on a monthly pass worth Rs 500. This could be raised to Rs 250.With the poll campaign of the Congress NCP alliance expected to target \"corruption\" in the BMC, the manifesto is also expected to promisea foolproof mechanism to check corruption in octroi and other civic departments, besides the usual assurances on 24-hour water supply, better roads and transport facilities, improved healthcare, improved sewage facilities.While crediting the Congress, NCP alliance for recognizing transfer of the hutments and relaxing eligibility criteria for slum redevelopment,The parties are expected to retain their promise of extending the slum redevelopment eligibility deadline to 2000. The alliance is also expected to highlight various decisions including amendment in development control regulations and cabinet nod for the formation of a regulator taken by the state government in interest of Mumbaikars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "arambagh", "code": "11622806", "title": "Mob runs riot at court, targets 'tormentor' Hooghly leader", "text": "ARAMBAGH: In a close rerun of the day former CPM minister Sushanta Ghosh was first produced in Midnapore court after his arrest in the skeleton case last year, a large number of Trinamool Congress activists agitated in front of Arambagh sub-divisional court on Tuesday when senior Hooghly CPM leader Abhoy Ghosh was brought there a day after his arrest for his alleged role in murder and rioting.Abusing Ghosh as \"Hooghly's living terror\", the activists demanded that lawyers refuse to defend \"our tormentor\". Sensing the crowd's mood, no lawyer moved Ghosh's bail prayer and he was remanded in police custody for seven days by Duri Venkat Srinivas, additional chief judicial magistrate of Arambagh court.Rapid Action Force (RAF) was soon deployed around the court as the agitated crowd edged its way into the court building. The RAF men were compelled to resort to lathi-charge to disperse the crowd and restore a semblance of order around the court premises. Four Trinamool activists were injured.People who mainly came from villages in Goghat, Pursurah, Khanakul and elsewhere in Arambagh sub-division alleged that Ghosh had been torturing them for over a decade. Hooghly SP Tanmoy Raychoudhury said a special police team has begun investigating all the charges of murder and rioting against Ghosh and would probe all complaints of the villagers.Abhoy was a close associate of Anil Bose, former CPM MP and the Hooghly's party strongman. Locals alleged that since Trinamool Congress won the 1998 panchayat elections in Khanakul, Ghosh formed a squad of motorcyclists or harmads. He and his henchmen would speed on their bikes from Pursurah to West Midnapore's Garbeta through Arambagh and threaten villagers supporting the Trinamool Congress, alleged locals.Goghat Trinamool Congress leader Sheikh Farid alleged, \"He was not a political leader but a killer. Ghosh killed many villagers who raised their voice against him. He joined hands with the Maoists and unleashed armed attacks in some villages at Khanakul, Pursurah, Arambagh, Goghat and Garbeta.\" Sunil Sarkar, a CPM district secretariat member, said, \"We have heard about Ghosh's arrest on Monday. We have nothing to say. The law would take its own course.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11624496", "title": "Fund to treat garbage not enough", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even a month after the Vilappilsala waste treatment plant was shut down, the much-touted alternative, source-level waste management scheme, is yet to be implemented.This is not for want of initiative from the peoples' side as the number of applications for setting up bio-gas plants is growing by the day.The Corporation, however, has no funds to implement the programme. The plan was to set up 2,000 biogas plants in the initial phase, and complete the job by January. But to date the Corporation has managed to put up only 20, and that too in a single ward.It has been allotted Rs 80 lakh for setting up decentralized waste management units in various wards.But that amount is too meager, councillors say. \"Implementing the scheme with such sparse sum is unthinkable. There are 500-250 applicants in each ward. The Corporation cannot meet the demand of all the 100 wards with this money,'' says BJP councillor P Ashok Kumar.The Corporation has entrusted five NGOs to set up 0.5 cu.m-capacity biogas plants at Rs 6,500 and 1 cu.m capacity tanks at Rs 10,000.\"Initially all the NGOs agreed to do the job at this rate, but now they are sulking as the state government has offered them more attractive rates at other places,\" says Pushpalatha, chairperson, Health Standing Committee.\"Twenty flats in the city have set up biogas plants on their own. But once the government declared subsidies, the other flats registered for the aid and are waiting for the subsidies. Such factors are causing this unwanted delay,\" says an LDF councillor.Officials say the Corporation will soon demand more funds from the government. \"We will request the government to give us Rs 12 crore for implementing the project in all the 100 wards. In the meantime, we plan to promote cheaperwaste managemen schemes like pipe-composting,\" said Dr Sreekumar, Health Department official.The plan was to set up 2,000 biogas plants in the initial phase, and complete the job by January. But to date the Corporation has managed to put up only 20, and that too in a single ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "raman enclave", "code": "11623525", "title": "Guptas look for baby name", "text": "RAMAN ENCLAVE: Mehak, Manya, Motto, Batto, Khushia?\u00a6No, these are not different girls but a 5-month old girl, whose name is yet to be decided.She has got all these names from different people, who call her whatever they feel like. Deepak Gupta and Sneh got married on April 14, 2010, and were blessed with a daughter on August 30, 2011, and since then have been searching for a suitable name for her. The aunt (bua) of the baby is settled in Mysore, Karnataka, and is suggesting names from there, but the family is not satisfied with them. According to astrologer, her name should be with alphabet 'M' and the family thought of names like Mehak, Manya, etc but is still not satisfied with any one name.\"It is difficult to describe in words what I felt when I was informed that I have become father of a baby girl. I want to choose a very special name for the most precious gift of my life,\" said Deepak Gupta. Like him, other family members too are excited over the birth of a girl child in the family after so many years and helping him in finding several names from Internet.The grandmother of the baby is the most excited. \"I call her motto, bhatto, khushi and even Manya with love but till now have not decided any name. I keep asking my relatives, friends and neighbours for more names with alphabet M,\" said Darshana Rani. She added, \"My daughter is married in Mysore and had suggested name Manya, so we started calling her that. But my son is not happy and is searching on internet for more names.\"Baby's mother, Sneh, who is a housewife said, \"Everybody is fond of Manya and she is receiving love from all. Even the name of my sister-in-law was chosen after a long wait. Her name is Abhiruchi and we call her Ruchi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622227", "title": "State allots 1.5 crore for TB patients", "text": "MUMBAI: To underline its seriousness in fighting drug-resistant tuberculosis in the city, the state government will make an emergency allocation of Rs 1.5 crore to the BMC to buy expensive drugs for XDR TB patients.\"We have requested for Rs 12 crore from the Union government but the process will take another 15 days. So, we will borrow funds from the state National Rural Health Mission to give to the BMC so that it can to buy drugs for patients,'' said Dr P Gaikwad, who is in charge of the state TB control programme.The issue of drugs for MDR/XDR TB was widely discussed at a review meeting at the Arogya Bhavan in St George's Hospital Complex, on Tuesday. The review looked at a pilot programme launched in Mumbai last week to control TB.As part of the new plan, the Union government has placed Mumbai in Criteria C, allowing all patients to access free drugs from the government TB control programme. Earlier, patients seeking treatment from the private sector were barred from getting free drugs.\"Our focus is on getting as many people into the programme as possible. No one will discontinue treatment for drug-resistant TB midway if his/her medicines are paid for,'' said additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar.The BMC is, meanwhile, planning a massive outreach programme. \"We want to try out something on the lines of our malaria programme that would be understood by all in society,'' said Mhaiskar.The BMC is planning a workshop along with all stakeholders to chalk out a wider programme to control TB. \"Apart from the state and BMC, we will call representatives of doctors, chemists, laboratories, etc to chalk out a plan in which all players will have a finite but definitive role,'' she added. The meeting will be held in the next four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623319", "title": "Republic Day: Buck up if you want to be a global power", "text": "Radical elements in Pakistan are planning to take over the country . An urgent appeal is sent to India. Several tense days later, the army restores the legitimate government. The Indians fly back. At the UN Security Council, India sponsors a resolution imposing sanctions on the top four terror groups in Pakistan. Neither China nor Pakistan object. It feels natural for Islamabad to call New Delhi, and for India to respond.Fiction? In 2012, yes. But by the end of this decade, India's foreign policy regarding Pakistan could have undergone a massive change if current trends persist. Pakistan's terror project is well on its way to becoming a Frankenstein's monster, and its not unimaginable that it could turn on its creator. The army is weakened. So is the economy. There are insurgencies in many parts of Pakistan, and after 2014, when the US leaves Afghanistan , these could become more deadly. And that's where India's role will be important.By 2020, it should have completed its primary foreign policy target - being a peaceful neighbour which helps other South Asian countries come out of the Saarc and integrate themselves into a more loosely defined entity. They would hitch their wagons to the Indian economy in such a way that they retain control of their destinies but become a part of India's globalization agenda. A difficult call for many countries, but a foreseeable vision.By the end of this decade, India, at its present growth rate, should also expect to get a seat in the Security Council and have chaired the IMF or the World Bank at least once. But what will be India's foreign policy priorities by 2020? China will remain its primary challenge. How both manage their economies and globalization projects will determine how the power equations stack up. India should break through its inertia on infrastructure development and achieve the necessary breakthroughs in high-end manufacturing, innovation and skills. India is poised to overtake China demographically by 2025, but the way it handles the thorny issues of education and skills development will determine whether it remains on top.China will be an ageing nation, as will Japan, Russia and Europe. So the real game of technology and innovation will be played between India and the US. To a great extent, this will be the driver for India's foreign policy - how it uses a skilled population to push into new markets. The threat from China is another one. It will use a weakened Pakistan to play spoiler with India. India's foreign policy priority will be to neutralize one of them.Indo-US ties will only get deeper, making Atal Bihari Vajpayee's coinage of \"natural allies\" a reality.The quest for natural resources will dominate a major part of foreign policy as India pushes into countries further afield to secure sources of energy, food, metals and minerals. India's outreach into Africa and Central Asia will deepen. By 2020, India , which is presently ramping up its navy, will have to take a leading role in securing the sea lanes from piracy, both in the Indian Ocean and further east towards the Straits of Malacca. India has set up a core group with Maldives and Sri Lanka , but will soon incorporate countries such as Australia, New Zealand, Seychelles , Mauritius and Oman .If the US-Iran confrontation does not become a conflagration, Indian foreign policy will have to incorporate two new elements. Hitherto, the US has been the guarantor of security in the Middle East, based on its oil demands. That demand has peaked. Simultaneously, US and Canada have hugely increased oil production, reducing dependence on the Middle East. India, which will be dependent on this region for many years, will have to add more tools to its foreign policy kit to deal with it.India will have to deal with political Islam in the Middle East without sacrificing its secular credentials. As country after country from Tunisia to Egypt , overthrows old regimes and vote in Islamists, India will have to tread carefully, especially with 6m Indians working there.India can be a global power by 2020, with policy imperatives very different from what they are today. Its greatest challenge is that its foreign policy establishment is a global pigmy, with a growth rate that can only provide service of value to a country with minimal ambitions. It has to mind that gap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11622090", "title": "Pacheco meeting flouted rules: SDM", "text": "MARGAO: While police investigations into the alleged violation of model code of conduct by Goa Vikas Party leader Mickky Pacheco and two others are still under way, Salcete sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) and deputy collector D M Redkar stated that all public meetings that use loudspeakers should have the necessary permissions.Redkar told mediapersons on Tuesday that on January 18 the Salcete flying squad had received a complaint stating that Pacheco was using loudspeakers at a public meeting held at Betalbatim.Redkar added that when the flying squad reached the site, they discovered that no permissions were in place for the use of loudspeakers and the police were directed to stop the meeting.Redkar further pointed out that if the organizers of such meetings want to use loudspeakers they have to obtain permissions from the SDM. He added that efforts were on to monitor all such meetings being held in Salcete with the help of video cameras.Colva police officials stated that a case was registered against Pacheco and two others under Section 188 read with Section 34 based on a complaint filed by the returning officer and that further investigations were underway.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11626867", "title": "Has Google's Android model hit a snag?", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Since Google Inc introduced its Android operating system in 2007, the company's strategy has been simple: Give it to developers for free and make money when consumers click ads on the Web or through apps. That model is hitting a snag.Amazon.com Inc and Chinese internet giants Baidu Inc and Tencent Holdings Ltd are using Android as a building block for their devices, skipping preloaded applications such as Gmail, Google Maps and YouTube that generate ad revenue for Google, as well as its app store. Amazon's Kindle Fire tablet, which is gaining ground on Apple Inc's iPad, comes with none of those apps.\"The Fire may be the best Android tablet out there, even though it's the least Android-y of all of them,\" said Noah Elkin, an analyst at New York-based research firm EMarketer Inc. \"The Google experience is very much in the background.\"Mobile advertising is one of Google's fastest-growing markets, with industrywide revenue projected to rise to $20.6 billion in 2015 from $3.3 billion in 2010, according to Gartner Inc. With online traffic increasingly coming through apps instead of mobile browsers, Google's push to wring mobile-ad revenue from Android could be impeded if more device makers emulate and succeed with Amazon's scaled-back approach.\"Part of the reason Android is so important as an operating system is that it lets Google put its mobile services front and center,\" said Ken Sena, an analyst at Evercore Partners Inc.Mobile apps According to Flurry Inc, a software company that tracks usage of apps, the average smartphone owner uses a mobile app -- for example, seeking a restaurant by clicking on the OpenTable Inc icon on a phone, instead of using a browser to access the website -- 94 minutes a day, compared to 72 minutes accessing websites via a browser. A year ago, time was almost equally split.\"This may be small potatoes now, but increasingly it's going to be way search gets conducted,\" Sena said.Many buyers may not know that the Kindle Fire, estimated to be the best-selling Android tablet ever, thanks to strong holiday sales, is even an Android tablet.Amazon uses its own app store instead of Google's Android Marketplace, and, like Apple, tightly controls which programs can appear there. The Fire also features Amazon's one-click e-commerce shopping experience, already familiar to millions of Amazon customers.Apple model The device's success -- with 5.5 million sold during the holiday shopping season, according to Anthony DiClemente, an analyst at Barclays Capital -- shows that many consumers are looking for such seamless interplay between software and hardware.\"Apple has taught everyone that people value an integrated ecosystem that just works,\" said Michael Gartenberg, an analyst at Gartner. \"There's a real possibility that Android could succeed, but not deliver what Google hopes it will.\"Google executives say it's more important for the company to expand the Android ecosystem currently than it is to profit from it. The more devices run on Android, the more people will do mobile search and the more likely app makers are to develop programs for the platform.\"We're in the early stages of monetization\" of Android, Google Chief Executive Officer Larry Page said on a January 19 earnings conference call with analysts. \"We see a lot of potential for us to make money on Android.\"Search advertising Google's main source of revenue is advertising on its search engine. Like Apple and its App Store, Mountain View, California-based Google takes a 30 per cent cut on sales of apps from its Android Marketplace.Of an estimated $44.6 billion in sales this year, $5.8 billion will come from mobile, according to Cowen &amp; Co Less than half of Google's mobile revenue comes from through mobile apps, according to Sena.Google's mobile business could expand to more than $10 billion in four years, said Mark Mahaney, an analyst at Citigroup Inc. That would outpace the 66 per cent total sales growth expected for Google from 2011 to 2015, the average estimate of analysts surveyed by Bloomberg .Yet even if 10 per cent of all mobile app-related sales on Android devices came through Amazon's Kindle Fire -- which cuts Google out of the equation -- Google would lose out on less than $300 million in revenue.Baidu, Tencent, Dell Still, Amazon isn't the only company whose plan is to push Android into the background. In smartphones, Baidu and Tencent, leaders in China's internet search and social-networking markets, have created their own software suites to run on top of Google's operating system.Last month, Dell Inc unveiled a smartphone, the Streak Pro, that will be sold in China. It is the first device designed to run Baidu Yi, which includes Baidu's own programs for search, books, maps, music and local recommendations.Neither Baidu nor Tencent can point to Amazon-like successes with these efforts so far. Dell also isn't a powerful player in tablets, said Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray Cos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11623883", "title": "An idea that changed Shyamalan\u2019s life", "text": "KOCHI: \"It was my son-in-law's suggestion that I trace my family tree and find my ancestors that triggered me to discover that the Thiyya community originated from Kyrgyzstan,\" said Dr Nelliate C Shyamalan who is on a tour of South Indian cities. And then he got a DNA test done!On a mission very much different from his area of expertise, cardiologist Dr Shyamalan is tracing the origin of his genes and this has triggered an excitement among several members of the community in North Kerala.Talking to TOI, Dr Shyamalan said that there is an identity crisis among the Thiyyas of Malabar who are being categorized with the Ezhava community in Kerala. He says that his DNA testing revealed that it matches with the Indo-Aryan race that came all the way from South Africa through Kyrgyzstan. \"Did you know that a generation in those days travelled only three miles which is why the origin of the race goes back to 300 BC,\" he said.\"The fact is that we all originated from Africa and then moved upwards through Europe and into India. Their descendents came and settled in different parts of the country including Punjab and Karnataka, \" he added.Later, during his talk on the origin of a community, he said researchers who have been working on migration patterns said this community came from Tian Shan which is why \"they are called Thiyyas\".He says that the response he got from different members of community across the world has been tremendous and now they propose to get together on a common platform to document their origins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11624179", "title": "IIM-B placements only on weekends this time", "text": "BANGALORE: This is the season when all eyes turn to the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs); when the country talks of the towering salary packages and companies that descend on the premier B-school campuses.IIM-Bangalore has tweaked its placement process this year. Placements 2012 at IIM-B will be held only on weekends.Hitherto, placements were conducted at one go which would stretch up to a week with no breathing space for students. And for those who failed to get through on the first day, the physical and mental stress would continue during the next days till they got placed. Days used to be long, with as many interviews packed as possible till late night. The process usually lasted for five days.All that is passe for the Class of 2010 which will move to the corporate world. Classes will be on as usual during the rest of the week. The placement process for 2012 will be thus held on February 18 and 19, then on 25 and 26 and the following weekends.\"We do not want the process to be rushed, but space it out giving everyone ample time to make decisions. The process used to take around 5-6 days when we had 250 students. The number of days remained the same even later when we had 350 students. Imagine the rush! However, in this process, the order of how companies come will remain the same,\" said Sapna Agarwal, head, career development services, IIM-B.At the summer placements this year, where first years students are placed for internships, the institute tried tweaking the system by giving a one-day break. \"Everybody was happy with the break. So we thought of going ahead with it in the main placements as well,\" Sapna said.Last year, Satish Pradhan, chief, group human resources, Tata Sons, had compared the placements in IIMs to the cattle fair in Pushkar mela in Rajasthan.JOBCENTREPlacements will be held on February 18 and 19 and following weekendsAround 120 companies visit IIM-B for final placementsIn the initial stages, when concentration of the companies is higher, there will be around 35-40 companies per day..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11624030", "title": "Stern warning to Cheema", "text": "Punjab deputy CM Sukhbir Badal on Tuesday warned principal secretary K J S Cheema against what he called adventurism following complaints to the election commission that Cheema was helping Congress candidate Rajinder Kaur Bhattal.PPP has approached EC against Cheema.Reacting to the complaint, Sukhbir said, \"It is unbecoming of an officer to indulge in political activity and if the charges against the officer are found to be true, severe action will be taken against him.\"Seeking probe into Bhatia's deathSupporters of late Punjab Pardesh Congress Committee delegate Harpal Singh Bhatia - whose wife Simperpreet Kaur is contesting as an independent from Amritsar East constituency after being dropped by Congress - staged a demonstration on arrival of Team Anna in Amritsar.The supporters demanded probe into the death of Harpal who died under 'mysterious circumstances'.Punjab Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11621854", "title": "Tribals set to show Congress the door", "text": "MARGAO: Eight months after the massive agitation by the United Tribals' Alliance Association (UTAA) on May 25, 2011, in Balli that led to the death of two tribal youngsters, the scheduled tribe (ST) community is still sore over the failure of the government in meeting their demands in letter and spirit.Tribal leaders who led the agitation are hopeful that the repercussions of the issue will be felt in the upcoming assembly election with the tribal community voting against the ruling Congress government. However, political observers feel that the leaders of the tribal associations have failed to maintain the anti-government sentiment strong enough to galvanize voters over the issue.The ST community, with its 1,14,000 voters from across the state has a strong presence in constituencies like Ponda, Priol, Marcai, Sanguem, Quepem, Canacona, Curtorim and Nuvem.UTAA secretary Uday Gaonkar told TOI that the government, despite assurances, has done precious little to undo the injustice meted out to tribals.\"The issue is alive and burning in the hearts of all tribals. We are fighting for our constitutional rights and the government is duty bound to fulfill our demands. The government has so far only paid lip service-the tribal commission has been set up, but it does not have an office. Despite a constitutional provision, the government has failed to have 12 assembly constituencies reserved for the ST community for the assembly election. The restlessness among the ST voters is palpable-obviously they won't give their votes to the party which inflicted injustice on them,\" Gaonkar said.Independent political observers, however, feel that the issue has lost steam over the last eight months, and is unlikely to make a dent in the political fortunes of incumbent legislators as was earlier perceived. \"The leaders failed to capitalize on the sentiments of the tribals to build up a pan-Goa tribal movement. The UTAA leaders failed to rope in ST leaders from Salcete and elsewhere which could have turned the mass movement into a formidable force,\" a political commentator said, preferring anonymity.Soiru Velip, an activist on tribal issues, however, feels that the tribals will make known their disenchantment through the ballot box. \"Any government that comes to power will ill-afford to ignore the voice of the tribal populace. The youth from the community are well aware of their rights. Deep in their hearts they nurse a feeling that the government has betrayed them. If translated into votes, this mood will prove to be a game-changer in certain constituencies,\" Velip said.Thankfully, the rift created between two communities in Balli following the agitation has now ebbed and the tension eased. \"There was never any animosity between the two communities, it was only a misunderstanding. The issue is now over. They are now our good friends,\" Gaonkar said.However, the political parties are wary over how the political math would play out in tribal dominated constituencies.\"Needless to say, the ST aspect will be crucial while deciding on their candidates by both the Congress and the BJP, at least in constituencies like Ponda, Priol, Marcaim, Sanguem, Quepem and Canacona. In Salcete, however, it is unlikely that the issue will have much bearing on the election,\" a political observer said.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11620673", "title": "Family stages protest over kin's death", "text": "INDORE: The family members of a 22-year-old man, Dharmendra, staged a protest at Banganga area here on Tuesday. Dharmendra's dead body was found near Bagari dam in Jabalpur on Monday.Police informed that Dharmendra married a girl Ekta, ex-wife of Manoj Yadav, around six months ago. The family members of the deceased said the girl had called him at Sarvate Bus stand few days ago. Later, she took him to Jabalpur. Dharmedra had borrowed Rs 5,000 from his friends for the purpose.However, the Dharmendra's body was found near Bagri dam. Suspecting a foul play, the relative of the deceased demanded for action against his wife and her family members. They had blocked traffic in Banganga area to mark their protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622653", "title": "Dhanvijay asks bars to install cameras", "text": "NAGPUR: Like shop owners and hotels, liquor bars have also been directed to install surveillance cameras and security guards by the city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay. This comes after a newspaper vendor, Kamlesh Gadgilwar, was brutally stabbed to death inside a liquor bar on Tekdi Road on Monday.Though Sitabuldi police have arrested three people in the case, family sources claimed that around nine people are still absconding.\"The cameras will not only will help us to collect evidence but also help nab wanted criminals,\" said Dhanvijay.\"Many shop owners and hotels at Dharampeth have CCTVs installed at their entry points. The video recordings help police to solve many cases and also nab burglars and chain snatchers,\" he said, adding, \"Deploying a security guard in bars can also avert major incidents.\"Sitabuldi police have so far arrested Riyaz Majrool Haque, a former externee, along with his cousin Amzad Haque and Amit Thakur in the case. However, sources from the family claimed that Gadgilwar was attacked by a gang of around 12 armed assailants. In January 2010, Kamlesh's elder brother Dinesh was eliminated. tnnSources from the family informed that Dinesh was also attacked by 12 assailants and just a month earlier all were acquitted by the court. Since then Kamlesh had been threatening the alleged accused.Since last two years, the city has been witnessing many violent incidents in liquor bars. A few months earlier, two youths were assaulted in Ajni. A fortnight ago, an autorickshaw driver was stabbed to death by his rivals in front of a bar near Kadbi Chowk on Tuesday night.A year ago, a hardened criminal Tabrez Khan was murdered at Lakadganj over an old rivalry. In 2010, Ratanlal Kanojia, the supervisor of a liquor bar, was attacked by two youths who turned violent after being refused liquor. In July 2010, Dinesh Sharma (25) was allegedly stabbed by his colleague Deepak Dhurve over a petty issue outside a liquor bar at Besa road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622853", "title": "Frame guidelines to allot subjects: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Slamming a private school for shifting a student from science to commerce stream in the middle of an academic year, the Delhi high court on Tuesday directed the Central Board of Secondary Education to frame proper guidelines for schools in this regard.Justice Hima Kohli directed the education body to frame the guidelines and circulate it within six weeks for the compliance of schools. She also issued a slew of directions to the New Era Public School, Mayapuri for the \"mistake\" of allocating science stream to one Karan Raj Singh, despite his marks being ineligible for the stream.HC accepted the school's argument that Singh was ineligible to be admitted in science stream as he had scored the grade point of 5.8, which was less than the required grade point of 6.7 for the science stream. It allowed the school to rectify its mistake and make loss of classes suffered by Singh due to its action. The school must ensure that Singh comes to terms with the syllabus and if required, given special coaching, the court said.\"The school shall make good the loss of classes in the commerce stream suffered by him by giving him special classes without burdening him or his parents with additional fee\", it said, asking it not to charge any fee from him for next six months. The school must foot the bill of books and study material purchased by Singh for the commerce class, HC added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "samrala (ludhiana )/ gurdaspur", "code": "11623590", "title": "Badals promoted themselves: Sonia Gandhi", "text": "SAMRALA (LUDHIANA )/ GURDASPUR: If inclement weather played spoilsport during her earlier visit to Punjab last week, Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday made up with thunderous speeches at two rallies in the state - tearing apart the Akalis for wasting Central funds and attacked the Badals for \"promoting personal interests\" .Across states, waste of central funds by state governments has been the Congress leadership's abiding theme. Sonia and Rahul have in successive rallies in UP, Uttarakhand and Punjab been insisting that the Manmohan Singh government has been generous with development funds. But state governments have either misused them or siphoned them off.Coming a day after SAD released a populist manifesto Sonia assured a massive push for agriculture development if Congress forms government. She promised a Rs 100-crore research grant for Punjab Agriculture University every year and another Rs 100-crore annual grant for agriculturebased cottage industry.Dressed in a black churidaar-firan ensemble with pale mustard Kashmiri embroidery, she breathed fire at the SADBJP alliance. \"We had cautioned you five years ago that the SAD-BJP alliance was here to promote personal interests, and it would push the state back. They have frittered Central grants in wasteful expenditure and now they don't even have money to pay salaries to government employees,\" she told the rally at Samrala.Praising Punjabis for entrepreneurial spirit and making the Green Revolution happen , she blamed the government for not providing impetus to support its people. The implication: Whatever good has happened was because of people, but their good work had been done undone by Akalis. Aware of the appeal in Punjab of a Sikh PM, she said Manmohan Singh ensured Punjab got funds.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11622699", "title": "Heavy bandobust for R-Day in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Republic Day celebrations in the city will be held under a thick blanket of security. Talking to the media on Tuesday, Hyderabad police commissioner A K Khan said 1,000 police personnel would be guarding the surroundings of Parade Grounds, where the RD Parade would be held.After inspecting the bandobust arrangements at Parade Grounds, Khan spoke to the media personnel. \"There is a general security alert across all cities in the country about the R-Day celebrations, but there is no specific alert on any terror threat to Hyderabad,\" Khan said. He said vehicle checking and inspection of lodges would continue on full scale. Visitors to the R-Day celebration have been advised not to carry any tiffin boxes or containers.Traffic restrictions have also been imposed between 7 am to 11 am on some roads in Secunderabad on January 26. The SP Road stretch between CTO and YMCA Crossroads would be one-way. Cars having valid passes would be allowed from CTO Junction to YMCA before the Parade commences and in the reverse direction towards CTO Junction after the event. The road from Cantonment Garden to SBH Crossroads would be closed during the parade. Vehicles moving from Begumpet would be diverted underneath the CTO flyover towards Paradise or Balamrai.Traffic from St John's Rotary would be diverted underneath the YMCA flyover towards Upakar Crossroads or Clock Tower. Vehicles moving from Secunderabad Club ingate to SBH X Roads would be diverted towards YMCA Crossroad or Tivoli X road. Traffic from Secunderabad Club would be diverted towards Brook Bond Crossroad or Upakar Crossroads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11622373", "title": "Goa elections: Parties vow \u2018special status\u2019 in manifestos", "text": "PANAJI: With the state assembly polls fast approaching, assurances and pledges from politicians and political parties on the coveted 'special status' and preservation of Goan land are coming thick and fast.Though none of the major parties have released their poll manifestos yet, Congress manifesto committee convener Ramakant Khalap said on Monday that assurances to ban the sale of agricultural land to non-Goans and non-farmers would figure prominently in the party manifesto.But on the specific issue of special status, he told TOI, \"Special status under Article 371 is also there on the manifesto.\" When asked to elaborate on whether the special status was similar to that enjoyed by northeastern states such as Nagaland, Khalap said, \"It is basically a financial package for the state.\"Former MLA Matanhy Saldanha, convener of Goa's Movement for Special Status, has been a proponent of a more comprehensive form of special status, despite doing little about it when he was state tourism minister in the BJP-led government.Now that he has joined the saffron party, TOI queried Saldanha on whether the party had agreed to his special status demand. \"When I joined the BJP, I had put forth the point on special status, and they (party) approved it,\" Saldanha said.\"Because I have joined a national party, people must not misunderstand that national parties are not fulfilling regional aspirations,\" he added.\"Sixty per cent of the total population belong to scheduled castes and OBCs. They require special protection as their lands are taken away (through acquisitions). I will fight for special status till the last day of my life,\" Saldanha emphasized.State BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar told TOI that the BJP is likely to include the special status demand in its manifesto. He did not elaborate on the type of special status the party would support.\"Now that he (Saldanha) has joined the party, his feelings cannot be ignored,\" Parsekar said. He revealed that Saldanha would also be part of the party's manifesto-drafting committee.\"He has a vision for the state... he has worked for the people,\" Parsekar observed.Goemchea Rakhondarancho Awaz (GRA), which is likely to contest or support independent candidates in the upcoming assembly polls, is another outfit that says it is committed to the special status demand.\"The very reason for founding the GRA is special status for Goa,\" GRA member Antonio Lobo told TOI.Even parties rooted in states like Bihar seem to have made the special status issue a poll plank.John Philip Pereira, state president of the Janata Dal (United)-which has declared that it will contest a minimum of 15 seats-said, \"We are trying for special status for Goa to protect the land and not (trying for) a financial package.\"Zagrut Goemkarancho Ekvott candidate for the Cumbharjua seat, Fr Bismarque Dias told TOI, \"It (special status) is a prime thing for us. We have been fighting for it for a long time and it will definitely be in our manifesto.\"Christopher Fonseca, of the Communist Party of India (CPI) told TOI, \"Goa has to be protected. People should be debarred from selling land at will.\" He was of the opinion that political parties were fooling the people by including the issue in their election manifestos.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11622746", "title": "B Ed graduate fails to get job, commits suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: Dejected over not getting a job, a 22-year-old B Ed graduate committed suicide by hanging at her house in Chatrinaka on Tuesday.The victim was identified as D Bindu of Shiva Ganga Nagar in Chatrinaka. On Tuesday morning, she committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling fan with a stole when other family members were not at home. The incident came to light in the afternoon when one of the family members returned home.Police found a suicide note in the bedroom where Bindu committed suicide. \"Bindu wrote that no one was responsible for her death and she committed suicide in a depressed state of mind,\" Chatrinaka inspector N Shyam Prasad Rao said.Police's preliminary probe revealed that Bindu lost her teaching job at a local private school a month ago and failed to get another job despite several efforts. A case was booked under Section 174 (suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11628396", "title": "UP assembly election: Opposition parties grab tainted BSP leaders", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP chief minister and BSP supremo Mayawati's `waste' is turning out be `asset' for the Opposition parties. The ministers and MLAs sacked by her on charges of corruption and involvement in criminal activities are getting tickets from other parties for the upcoming Uttar Pradesh assembly elections. Latest in the series is Rajpal Tygai who has been fielded by Samajwadi Party from Muradnagar assembly seat in Ghaziabad.Rajpal Tyagi was dropped by Mayawati from her cabinet last month after high court ordered a CBI probe into a fake encounter case. Rajpal Tyagi has been accused of influencing police to kill his rival Ravindra Tyagi in a fake encounter last year. However, SP on Wednesday replaced Dikshant Tyagi, who was earlier given ticket from Muradnagar, with Rajpal Tygai. The SP leaders said that the high court has only ordered an inquiry against Rajpal Tyagi. He has not been found guilty as yet, they said. Significantly, earlier, two MLAs -- Guddu Pandit and Sher Bahadur Singh -- expelled by Mayawati on charges of involvement in criminal activities were also given tickets by the SP.SP is not the only party to grab expelled BSP MLAs and ministers. BJP has given tickets to two former ministers in Mayawati government -- Daddan Mishra and Awdhesh Kumar Verma -- for the elections. The two were sacked by Mayawati on charges of corruption and neglecting their constituencies. BJP had also inducted former family welfare minister in Mayawati cabinet, Babu Singh Kushwaha, who is the prime suspect in the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam.Mayawati had removed and later expelled Kushwaha after allegations of his involvement in the NRHM scam surfaced. The BJP was forced to suspend the membership of Kushwaha after some senior leaders opposed his induction. However, Kushwaha is campaigning for BJP for the elections to be held in February.RLD has also given tickets for elections to three tainted BSP MLAs -- Thakur Yashpal Singh, Haji Yakub Quereshi and Shanawaz Rana. While Yashpal Singh was expelled by Mayawati on corruption charges, Quereshi was axed for his alleged derogatory remarks of the Sikh community, and Rana for trying to protect his nephew accused of kidnapping and raping two Delhi-based girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11623379", "title": "Illegal building pulled down in T Nagar", "text": "CHENNAI: In yet another instance of the court coming down hard on building violations, a trader in the commercial hub of T Nagar was forced to pull down a three-storeyed structure that was found to flout construction norms. Demolition of the under-construction building began a few weeks ago.The structure promoted by the Saravana Selvarathinam group opposite Panagal Park, was meant to house a retail outlet. The Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority had given planning permit to the owner in February 2009.Even as the building was under construction, the regulatory agency slapped two notices on the trader, the first one to stop work and the second to seal the building as it had not complied with the minimum setback area norms. The building was sealed by CMDA officials in October 2009.The promoter next appealed to the state government and later moved the high court.In January 2011, the high court rejected the trader's case and made him give an undertaking that in 10 months the building would be pulled down. Asked about the delay in demolishing the structure, a CMDA official said, \"Now that they have started doing it, we are not taking any further action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11624222", "title": "BBMP clears DVG Road of hawkers", "text": "BANGALORE: DVG Road won't look or sound the same again. The hawkers are gone, and so is the bustle of their trade.The BBMP on Tuesday cleared 50 pavement shops on the busy DVG Road in Basavangudi. Interestingly, residents opposed the BBMP move though it was aimed at giving them more space to walk.The BBMP and police started their operation from Monday midnight, dismantling the structures on the pavement. The drive continued till Tuesday afternoon.\"The hawkers were inside the Corporation market at the end of DVG Road. BBMP promised to renovate the market building, which it never did, and since then, the hawkers have been doing business on the footpath. The authorities should have sent notices and warned them to shrink the space they were occupying, rather than put them out of business altogether,\" said M Venkatesh, secretary of Basavangudi Traders' Association.He agreed that some of the hawkers on the footpath had eaten up the entire footpath space and it was difficult for pedestrians to walk on them. \"The traders sold all kinds of flowers, fruits, vegetables and household items at reasonably cheaper rates, which I've never got from any other market place around this part of Bangalore. This footpath market reflects the vibrant cultural image of our area, and has been suddenly removed,\" said Sumathi Nagendra, resident of Netkalappa Circle in Gandhi Bazaar area. She condemned the BBMP for razing the market overnight, without giving the hawkers an alternative place to continue their business.The Karnataka Municipal Corporation ( KMC) Act, 1976, clearly states that footpaths cannot be used for trade. \"There is a Supreme Court order that footpaths can be used for trade if adequate space is left for pedestrians. I have visited the place and noticed that at some places, the footpath is as wide as 15m. The BBMP should have elicited public opinion on the hawkers, sent notices and taken signatures of people to agree to the removal of their local market,\" said Vinay S of Hasiru Usiru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11621161", "title": "SOG seizes fake currency worth Rs 1.40 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Special Operations Group (SOG) team found more fake currency notes from the two men arrested by Karanj police on January 21. The SOG sleuths said that racket trail leads to West Bengal. The cops have found Rs 1.40 lakh in Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 denominations counterfeit notes.Police said that Mohammed Badshah Shaikh, 52, and Mohammed Rizaul Shaikh, 39, both residents of Jharkhand, were nabbed near Teen Darwaza by local traders on Saturday when they were trying to purchase goods of small values with Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 currency notes. During their search, officials found a total of Rs 23,000 in fake currency. The case was later handed over to SOG for further investigation.Investigators said that a team led by sub-inspector A P Joddha questioned the duo on which they confessed that there were more currency notes in their room at Hotel City Plaza near Relief Road. When the officials visited their hotel room, they found Rs 1.40 lakh counterfeit notes.\"The duo said that they had come to the city with currency notes of Rs 2 lakh out of which they have already spent more than Rs 37,000. We have got goods worth Rs 1,960 purchased using fake currency and also seized Rs 25,000 in real currency notes. The duo was in the city from January 17,\" said an SOG official.Talking about their modus operandi, the investigators said that Badshah had earlier worked as labour contractor in various cities of the state. He chose Ahmedabad due to the size of markets here and brought along Rizaul to help him. Talking about the source, he said that he had purchased the notes from Mohammed Hanif Akhtar, a native of West Bengal. We will take the duo to the shops where they made purchases using fake currency,\" said S M Chaudhary, inspector of SOG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626904", "title": "Gabriel Aubry denies pushing nanny", "text": "Gabriel Aubry has denied pushing his daughter's nanny.The French-Canadian model is being investigated for child endangerment after being accused of shoving nanny Alliance Kamden into a door while she was holding three-year-old Nahla - his child with ex-girlfriend Halle Berry - at his home last Wednesday (18.01.12).The pair allegedly got into an argument after Gabriel kept Nahla off school without informing his nanny, who confronted him about his actions after she went to the school to collect her.But Gabriel has denied the claims to close friends , insisting Alliance tripped and fell.A source told RadarOnline.com: \"Why in the world would Gabriel push the nanny causing her to fall while she was holding his daughter?\"Gabriel is fiercely protective of Nahla. The nanny tripped, and she fell while holding Nahla. Yes, Gabriel and the nanny were arguing, he felt like his parenting skills were under attack again. Gabriel can't believe how out of control this situation has become. He is hopeful that criminal charges won't be filed against him.\"Halle and Gabriel appeared in a Los Angeles courtroom today (24.01.12) and the Oscar-winning actress asked the judge to stop the 36-year-old model from having joint custody of Nahla until the accusation has been investigated by the Los Angeles Department of Children &amp; Family Services.After the hearing had ended, Gabriel's attorney told reporters outside the courtroom that no changes had been made to the existing custody agreement.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11624360", "title": "Efforts on to improve city\u2019s sanitation rating", "text": "PUNE: Open defecation is one of the reasons why Pune has been rated 'black' on sanitation front by the Union urban development ministry. As per the guidelines of the Union government's National Urban Sanitation Policy 2012, the city needs to be free from open defecation by December 31.The Pune Municipal Corporation has identified 103 open defecation spots in the city recently. A third-party evaluation of public, community as well as pay-and-use toilets, currently underway across the city, will help assess the sanitation facilities impartially and facilitate a plan to improve conditions.The objective of the third-party evaluation is to validate the public toilet information mentioned in the revised city sanitation plan 2012. The evaluation process, which started on January 13 at the directives of the state ministry of water supply and sanitation, is likely to finish by January 31.Last year, 423 cities and towns with a population of more than one lakh were rated by the Union urban development ministry on parameters such as complete elimination of open defecation, elimination of open scavenging and safe collection and disposal of human excreta. On the basis of the rating, cities have been classified as red, black, blue and green, to denote levels of achievement. A 'green' rating indicates a healthy city, 'blue' indicates a city recovering but still diseased, 'black' points to a city that needs considerable improvement and 'red' shows that the city is on the brink of public health and environmental 'emergency', requiring immediate remedial action.Pune comes 65th in the ministry's ranking for cleanliness and sanitation standards. Of the 38 cities in the state which were part of the survey, 27, including Pune, are in the black category and 11 in the red. Smaller cities like Satara, Akola, Ichalkaranji, Chandrapur, Bhusawal and Panvel have fared better than Pune.\"All the information gathered during the third party evaluation will be compiled and analyzed. The final report will be sent to the state government which, in turn, will submit it to the Union government. Accordingly, funds will be allocated to the PMC to make Pune totally sanitized and free from open defecation,\" said Suresh Jagtap, deputy commissioner, PMC.The open defecation spots are largely spread through slum areas and peripheral areas of the city that require community-led total sanitation approach. \"That means communities will be sensitized about using toilets and good sanitation practices will be inculcated among them. Besides, toilets will be constructed on these spots through community participation,\" said Ketaki Ghatge, zonal medical officer, PMC.Areas like Bhavani Peth, Tilak Road, Hadapsar, Dhole Patil Road, Sangamwadi, Ghole Road, Aundh and Warje have open defecation spots, Ghatge said.The sanitation plan has been drafted to seek financial assistance from the Union government in improving sanitation, cleanliness and sewage treatment in the city. The Union government helps local self-governing bodies improve the infrastructure required for keeping cities clean and healthy and has made it mandatory for cities to draft cleanliness plans.\"The third-party evaluation committee comprises volunteers from Cummins India and students of environmental science. The data will be analyzed by experts from Cummins India.The PMC has requested Cummins India to act as the third-party evaluator considering their expertise, commitment and past experience in executing the Nirmal Katraj project,\" Ghatge said.Commenting, Ravichandran Subramanian, head of corporate responsibility at Cummins group of companies in India, said: \"We will submit the evaluation report and our analysis to the PMC by February end. The PMC will forward it to the state government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11622315", "title": "NGO says fake voters\u2019 names must be deleted", "text": "PANAJI: An NGO has submitted a memorandum to the Chief Election Commissioner of India seeking deletion of 1767 voters from the electoral roll of Reis Magos village of Saligao constituency before the ensuing polls.Alleging that the voters were migrants who had illegally entered their names on the electoral roles, Utt Goenkara has warned that they will be forced to approach the court if the elections are conducted without the deletion.\"If elections are held without deleting the names, Utt Goenkara will term the conduct of the elections not to be in interest of democracy and will have to challenge the results of the election in the court of law,\" said Advino Fernandes, general secretary of Utt Goenkara. He felt the illegal inclusion of migrants has led to injustice to the Goan community.Fernandes said, in reply to his RTI application in July 2011, the Mamlatdar of Bardez had stated that the supporting documents of the migrant voters sought by him were not available.However, Fernandes claims repeated pleas by the NGO to authorities to delete the voters have gone unheeded. Damian Teles, a member of Utt Goenkara, said, \"The officials ask Goans to provide numerous documents to get a ration card done, but migrants are given a ration card within eight days.\"When asked why he chose to focus only on Reis Magos, Fernandes said \"I am a resident of Reis Magos and I thought I'll first clean my village and then think of other places.\"He said that bogus voters were enrolled in not only Reis Magos but parts of Nerul, Saligao and Sangolda of the constituency. Fernandes has also called for action against candidates filing false election declarations.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626356", "title": "Soumya Seth turns bride finally!", "text": "Siddharth Kumar Tewary's romantic show 'Navya' has the cutest and lovable on-screen couple today -- Navya and Aanant. Navya is witnessing Navya's wedding in the show and guess what, Soumya Seth (Navya) is feeling very nostalgic on the sets.\"Nowadays, I am shooting at Navya's parents place and every time I am going to my room on the set, I am being very nostalgic! My room on the set is my favourite place and I will be missing that very badly,\" says Soumya.\"Well Navya is definitively not a career-oriented girl and she wants to have Anant in her dreamy world where they want to settle. But the audience will have to wait and watch the new twists and turns in the story!,\" adds Soumya.Currently, Soumya is enjoying all the attention on the set. \"I have worn this very nice designer wedding dress, which is not heavy at all! With all the make up and the ambience, I am feeling like a real bride and enjoying it!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11622920", "title": "Counterfeit notes worth Rs 5 lakh seized", "text": "AKOLA: Four persons were arrested and counterfeit currency notes of various denominations worth 5.13 lakh was seized at Nandura in Buldhana district on Monday.Magaz Iman (40) and Barik Imam (25), both residents of Nabi Nagar at Alinagar and Feroz Hamidu Ratman (26) and Rahman Badaf Budhu (22) of Rustam Nagar at Alibag in Malda district of West Bengal were arrested under sections 489 (A)(B)(C) and 120B of Indian Penal Code (IPC).355 fake notes of 1000 denomination, 274 of 500, 181 of 100 and 59 notes of 50 were seized. The seizure was made during the night checking of hotels by the police. The accused were staying in room number 109 of Deepak Hotel. The notes were found only after the cops conducted the body search as the accused did not give satisfactory reply to questions.The seized notes were checked by a processing machine at the Nandura branch of State Bank of India which turned out to be fake.Nandura seemed to be the hotbed of fake notes as an accused held in a similar case was sentenced to three years' rigorous imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11623090", "title": "Modi: State to enhance renewable energy", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar government is committed to work towards development of renewable energy (DRE) and ready to provide various incentives to investors in this regard.Deputy CM Sushil K Modi while releasing the report, 'Empowering Bihar -- Policy Pathway for Energy Access', made this statement here at a function held under the banner of Greenpeace India.He said that the government is open to any new suggestions and ideas to develop and strengthen the existing policy. \"We need to focus on rural electrification and therefore the DRE model could be the way forward,\" the deputy CM said.Modi also emphasized various other issues such as pricing, technology and land issue and he clearly mentioned that the government won't procure land for industry, but facilitate a process where fairness can be established. He asked Greenpeace to lead the process to suggest policy pathways for small scale off grid or DRE models.Shaibal Gupta of the Asian Development Research Institute (ADRI) requested the Bihar government to increase the share of renewable energy and, accordingly, policy framework, incentives and budgetary allocation has to be made to develop it.The report written by technocrats suggest that a decentralized approach based on renewable sources of energy would not only solve the prevailing issue of limited access to reliable energy in rural areas, but also transform the economic situation of the state.Greenpeace has been campaigning on decentralized renewable energy in Bihar since 2010 and believes that DRE can revolutionize the energy situation of the state.Greenpeace India campaign manager Ramapati Kumar said, \"Greenpeace is recommending a statewide network of decentralized renewable energy plants developed with the support from the state government agencies, in collaboration with the private entrepreneurs for an effective and accelerated economic development of the state. What is needed is a robust policy that would enable an environment to kick-start the process.\"Commenting on the report, D Lahiri of IIT Kharagpur, one of the authors of the report, said, \"the suggestions in the report are aligned with the state's need to increase its investment capacity, generate developmental benefits and minimize environmental damage.\"\"Greenpeace envisions that Bihar can become a champion state by becoming self-reliant in energy and thereby effectively provide quality energy services to its rural populace in a short period of time,\" said Greenpeace India campaigner Arpana Udupa.\"Greenpeace is committed to help Bihar government to strengthen the renewable energy policy and have suggested various options for bringing about a comprehensive policy and facilitate a process in the state,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11622243", "title": "No Congress-NCP alliance for Zilla Parishad polls?", "text": "NAGPUR: After days of conflicting statements, it has become very clear that NCP and Congress will not go in for an alliance for zilla parishad (ZP) and panchayat samiti (PS) elections slated for February 7 even though an official statement is yet to be issued.NCP had declared seven candidates for ZP polls a fortnight ago. The remaining candidates for ZP and PS polls will be declared on Tuesday. Congress is also expected to announce its list on Tuesday. Meanwhile, many candidates have filed their nominations hoping that they would get their party's AB forms.Talks were going on in Mumbai between Congress and NCP leaders to salvage a last moment alliance, till the filing of the report. However, a local NCP leader said that his party had decided to go it alone.With the situation totally cloudy all the four parties are not providing AB forms to the party candidates. State Election Commission (SEC) has given time till January 30 and sources in political parties say that these will be provided on January 29 and 30, which will leave little time for rebel candidates for campaigning. Polling will be held on February 7 and campaigning will conclude on February 5.Sources in NCP said that while the party had been desirous of an alliance with Congress, the top leaders were not ready for it in their areas of influence. Civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh did not want it in Katol and Narkhed areas, ex-minister Ramesh Bang in Kalmeshwar and Hingna and outgoing ZP vice-president in Saoner. \"Congress refused such a partial alliance. This kind of stand was taken by Congress leaders too, which left very few areas for a tie-up,\" a NCP leader said preferring not to be quoted.On the other side, BJP and Shiv Sena are also not likely to have a tie-up for ZP and PS elections. BJP has announced 56 out of 59 candidates for ZP elections. It has left one seat - Dabha - for RPI (Athawale) and two for Sena - Borkhedi Railway and Khapri - as it does not have strong candidates there. Sena has declared 39 candidates and will announce the rest on Tuesday.BJP district president Chandrashekhar Bawankule is maintaining that the alliance with Sena was on and party would give AB forms to only those candidates, who are contesting from seats that come in BJP's share. However, Shiv Sena MLA Ashish Jaiswal admitted that there was little chance of a pre-poll alliance.All the four parties could not go in for an alliance because of tremendous pressure from party workers to go in alone so that they could get a chance to contest. The top leaders reckoned if they went in for a tie-up a large number of candidates would rebel. It is better to face your allies than your own party workers, they feel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11623257", "title": "KMSS seeks right price for paddy", "text": "GUWAHATI: Protesting against the \"failure\" of Food Corporation of India (FCI) to provide appropriate value of paddy to the farmers of the state, Krishak Mukti Sangram Samity ( KMSS) members on Tuesday staged a demonstration in front of the FCI regional office in Guwahati.The peasants' body demanded establishment of paddy procurement centres at the village panchayat level throughout the state during the statewide protest programme on Tuesday.\"The peasants have been running from pillar to post to get a fair price of their produce of paddy. In areas where FCI is procuring paddy, the middlemen are benefiting. We want the FCI to ensure that farmers get the actual price. While the FCI is procuring Boro paddy at Rs 1080 a quintal, the farmers are gettiing only Rs 500-600,\" said Anil Boro, the secretary of KMSS's Kamrup district committee. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11625900", "title": "Sohail Khan to undergo a surgery", "text": "Actor Sohail Khan , who had injured his right shoulder while shooting a fight sequence, will soon undergo a surgery.\"We are suspecting a labrum tear due to the trauma caused to his shoulder joint,\" said joint replacement surgeon Dr Sanjay Desai who is treating Sohail. According to Desai, Sohail might have to under go an arthroscopic surgery to repair the labrum tear if the pain and discomfort continues. \"He has been extremely busy with shoots and a celebrity match due to which we haven't decided the further course of action,\" added Desai.Sohail has been put on a strict exercise regime. \"I have put him on physical therapy and rehabilitation. Such injuries recover the best with physical therapy,\" informed Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11623069", "title": "Power board helpline launched", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet gave administrative sanction of Rs 170 crore for construction of new model buildings of 85 police stations as prescribed by the Central government in Maoist-hit districts under Centrally-sponsored Police Modernization Scheme. The Central government will bear 80 per cent of the cost while the rest 20 per cent will be paid by the state government.It also okayed a proposal to appoint consultant architect for proposed Bihar Museum. The construction of the museum is estimated to cost Rs 172 crore. It also decided to increase the cess tax on bricks by 3.40 per cent per unit.A sum of Rs 40 crore was sanctioned for payment of salary and requisite allowances to teaching and non-teaching employees of as many as 531 non-governmental Sanskrit schools. A proposal to appoint consultant for the Buddha Museum in Buddha Memorial Park, Fraser Road, was also okayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11622374", "title": "Salman Rushdie splits Indian Muslims", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Salman Rushdie saga has divided Indian Muslims with some saying he should have been allowed to participate in the Jaipur Literary Festival, if not in person then via satellite link, and others saying his 1988 book \" The Satanic Verses\" was indeed offensive and preventing his India visit was justified. Still others saw UP elections behind the cancellation of his visit while some called for more debate.India's leading Islamic theologian Maulana Wahiddudin Khan described calls for banning Rushdie or his book \"alien to our secular constitution'' and un-Islamic. \"It's against the Islamic spirit,'' he wrote in his TOI's Speaking Tree column. He quoted a verse from the Quran to make his point. \"It reads: 'If any of the non-believers seeks your protection, then let him come so that he may hear the words of God, then convey him to a place of safety'.'' The Maulana wrote that Muslims should engage and put their points of view in a rational manner. \"If Rushdie is not convinced, they should make 'dua' for him and, according to the Quranic teaching, see him off amicably, without rancour.''Journalist Seema Mustafa said \"the role of media and particularly TV'' was \"reprehensible'' for they \"strengthened the Muslim stereotype by bringing unidentifiable mullahs to say what they want to reinforce this stereotypes''. She echoed a growing number of Muslims who are sore about the tendency to present reactionaries as the sole spokespersons of the community while ignoring saner voices.Activist Javed Anand said the controversy is bound to create the impression of being politically motivated, ahead of UP polls. \"(More so) when the author has visited India five times since the publication of \"The Satanic Verses\" without problem.'' He criticized Muslim leaders over the issue and asked them \"to grow up and appreciate the sensiblities of the modern world''. Punishment for things like blasphemy rest with none but Allah, he said.National Minorities Commission chief Wajahat Habibullah echoed Seema Mustafa in part, saying, \"The whole thing seems a publicity effort.\" He said while serving under threat in J&K; to say that Rushdie should have come. \"While I was posted in J&K;, I was told that I should not even move out of my house. But I had to do my job.\"But Jaamat-e-Islami Hind's S Q R Illiyas stuck to his guns insisting they have the right to oppose Rushdie who has \"insulted the Prophet and Muslims around the world''. He said India is a very religious country, where religious sentiment should be respected. \"We are protesting as it is our legitimate right. We are doing it within the Constitution's framework.'' Lucknow's leading cleric Maulana Khalid Rashid Firangi Mahli said \"no civilized individual would use the kind of words Rushdie used against the Prophet's wife for any woman''.Poet Manzar Bhopali mocked the mullahs, saying they were opposing Rushdie without even reading his books. But Vadodara-based professor J S Bandukwala called for understanding why the book has hurt Muslims. \"The book describes the Holy Kaba and the Prophet in extremely derogatory terms.'' Mumbai lawyer Yusuf Muchala said he had read 'The Satanic Verses' and found it \"offensive''. But he insisted that Rushdie should not be banned from the fest where he was to discuss literature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11622071", "title": "Order on plea to summon Modi before Godhra panel reserved", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Tuesday reserved its order on an appeal seeking directions to the Nanavati commission to summon chief minister Narendra Modi and his three secretaries for cross examination in connection with the 2002 riots.Civil rights organization Jan Sangharsh Manch had been demanding Modi's questioning before the Godhra probe panel. The commission in 2008 refused to summon Modi, but asked Modi's three personal secretaries - O P Singh, Tanmay Mehta and Sanjay Bhavsar to file affidavits explaining their telephonic conversations on February 28, 2002, particularly with the riots accused. But the commission denied JSM an opportunity to cross-examine them even after they filed affidavits. Following this, JSM moved HC, but a single judge bench rejected its petition in 2010.The appeal against single judge's order was entertained by a division bench headed by then chief justice S J Mukhopadhaya, following whose elevation to the Supreme Court in the course of the appeal, it was referred to another bench of justices Akil Kureshi and Sonia Gokani.As the hearing concluded on Tuesday, HC kept its order to summon Modi before the Godhra panel pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11625804", "title": "Bachchan lends his voice to Tagore\u2019s songs", "text": "That Amitabh Bachchan is fluent with Bengali is no news. The fact that he had lent his voice to Rabindranath Tagore's Ekla Cholo Re for Sujoy Ghosh's Kahaani is also known. And now, Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the Big B along with filmmaker Ghosh and Kahaani's leading lady Vidya Balan is gearing up to voice a full fledged album of Tagore's song.\"I basically took to filmmaking for five reasons: Satyajit Ray , R.D. Burman, Anand Bakshi, Kishore Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. After working with the Big B in Aladdin, I decided Mr Bachchan would be a part of every film I make. I've two scripts Borivali Fast and Kabuliwala ready for Mr B. I had no role for him in Kahaani. So I persuaded him to sing in Bengali, a language he is quite familiar with. And Bachchan Saab sang Ekle Cholo like a dream,\" recalled Ghosh.And since, it would be a 'pity' to limit Big B's Rabindra Sangeet singing skills to just one song, the director along with Vidya Balan has decided to take it forward. \"It's the logical progression from what he has done in Kahaani. Only the deaf would ignore what his rendition of Ekle chalo tells us,\" said Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11622587", "title": "Youth to help voters make an informed choice", "text": "MUMBAI: They are not yet eligible to vote but are ready to spread the word on the need to exercise that right, and do so wisely. The city's youth will contribute to the forthcoming civic elections in a unique way - around 80 college students will help a citizens' group mobilise voters and distribute information on candidates.The information on candidates will be sourced from disclosures made in their affidavits regarding assets, educational qualification and criminal background, if any.As part of a social leadership project, these students from various colleges will be part of Blue Ribbon, an NGO, and will assist Action for Good Governance and Networking in India (AGNI) during the civic elections. On Wednesday, a workshop will be conducted in Podar College in Matunga to teach the students to mobilise voters.\"A volunteer's primary job will be to research their own corporator and candidates and talk about them in housing societies. Besides, voters who take a pledge to vote will be reminded of the same by volunteers on the day of voting. Lastly, we will distribute the candidate disclosure report prepared by AGNI. We hope to utilize youth power,\" said Abhishek Thakore (29), anchor, Blue Ribbon and a former IIM-Bangalore student.\"Action for Democratic Reforms (ADR), and NGO and AGNI will prepare comparative studies of candidates based on their affidavits. These will then be distributed by Blue Ribbon volunteers in housing societies,\" said Shyama Kulkarni, trustee, AGNI. This is the first time AGNI is roping in youth volunteers from colleges, usually its own members spread awareness about the candidates.On February 16, voting day, there will be one-on-one contact - AGNI will arrange for cars which the volunteers will use to bring senior citizens and the disabled to the polling booths. \"Volunteers will also remind voters of the time left before voting closes and urge them to come down and exercise their franchise. The more young people get involved in the process of elections the more hope there is for Mumbai. They are the next generation and the future is with them,\" said Kulkarni.\"I'm extremely heartened at this response of young people to an important link, one that connects the voter to knowledge so that s/he can make a more informed choice. We prepare the comparative list of candidate disclosures, but what use is that without the widest distribution?\" said Gerson DaCunha, trustee, AGNI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11623336", "title": "1 kidnapped, 3 injured in rebel attack on Cong workers", "text": "IMPHAL: Three Congress workers working for state PCC president Gaikhangam were seriously wounded and another kidnapped when they were attacked by NSCN(IM) militants on Tuesday morning at Noney bazar in Nungba constituency of Tamenglong district. The three injured were brought to Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS). Their condition is stated to be out of danger.The incident occurred around 6am when 10 armed NSCN(IM) militants tried to remove Congress flags from the local party office. A scuffle broke out between them and the Congress workers who objected to the move.As the crowd swelled, the Naga rebels opened fire from their AK 47 rifle, injuring three Congress supporters. They then abducted another Congress supporter, Abon Golmei, and left the place.Gaikhangam, who is contesting from the Nungba seat, said the militants were trying to kidnap Nungba block Congress committee president K Dimthaochung, but they failed after villagers confronted them.Angry Congress workers, along with local villagers, then attacked the house of a local NSCN(IM) leader, Lansinga, at Charoi Part Five village and ransacked the premises. They held captive the rebel leader's younger brother saying they would release him only after the NSCN(IM) militants release Golmei.Congress workers also began a search operation to rescue the abducted man. Gaikhangam condemned the attack and drew the Election Commission's attention towards the incident. \"What action will the EC take on these candidates who are backed by militants?\" said the PCC chief.He said his two rivals, one from Naga People's Front (NPF) and the other from Manipur State Congress Party (MSCP), in Nungba constituency have the support of militants. \"The NPF is sponsored by NSCN(IM) and the militants are attacking Congress workers. But, our supporters' spirits are high,\" he said.The PCC chief said the militants belonging to the Zeliangrong United Front (ZUF) were supporting the MSCP candidate and Congress workers at Khoupum village. He said ZUF militants on Tuesday opened fire at the Congress office in Khoupum.Election 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11621389", "title": "In a national first, Gujarat to certify masons", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat will become the first state in the country to implement a testing and certification system for masons.The initiative launched by the ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation will conduct a pilot project in Gujarat before implementing the certification system at the national level. The idea of certifying masons is to improve the quality of buildings that can sustain natural calamities like earthquakes.Non-profit organisation National Centre for Peoples' Action in Disaster Preparedness, which is assisting the ministry's project, has completed an initial survey with masons from various parts of the state.\"We have completed an initial survey with masons and contractors from across the state. We will be ready with the report in a few weeks. After the completion of this report, which will reveal various details including capabilities, preferences and interest of the masons, we will be talking with relevant departments in the state for taking the project further ahead,\" said Rajendra Desai, a structural engineer and joint founder director of the national centre.\"In small towns and rural areas, most of the houses are built by contactors and masons through their experiences. There is no consultation of engineers or architects due to which houses are prone to collapsing during natural calamities like earthquakes,\" said Desai.The system will introduce certification for various levels beginning from mason helpers. Desai said, \"The masons can begin with lower level tests and keep on qualifying higher level tests. This will help masons prove their caliber and skills. While masonry is an unorganized sector, the system is a means for making it an organized sector. The tests will be based on practical knowledge instead of theories.\"The target at the moment is to introduce the system in the state by the end of this year. Later the Union ministry will choose two other states for further pilot projects before introducing the system at the national level. \"As Gujarat will be the first state to test and implement the system, we will have the advantage of being ahead of other states,\" said Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11628880", "title": "When Kate Middleton cried!", "text": "It's not often that you see a Duchess show her emotional side and that too at a film screening!But, this is exactly what happened when Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton watched the War Horse, directed by Steven Spielberg , at its London premiere. Says the director, \"My wife, Kate Capshaw , had to hand the Duchess a tissue as she sat weeping in the stalls during the film's premiere. I was sitting next to her and all I know is, at one point, my wife - who was sitting to my right - right in front of my face, she passed a Kleenex.I didn't want to intrude on her experience watching War Horse so I never glanced over.\"\" Kate, is not the only one who has been moved to tears by the First World War epic The critically acclaimed director admitted that he wept the first time he saw an earlier the play based on Michael Morpurgo's classic story about a boy and his horse Joey, which inspired the film. \"\"The play did that to me, I came out a soaking wet wreck,\"\" he revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11626386", "title": "Call me daughter of India, says Rozlyn Khan", "text": "Acterss Rozlyn Khan is known to be a no-nonsense girl and refuses to cower down for anything or anybody in life. She is proud to be Indian.She always keep in mind that she is daughter of India and she always try to follow the Indian constitution. She thought that if in our country corruption is increasing, so somewhere we all are equally responsible for it, we cannot complain that corruption is increasing in our country , we have to stand against corruption. Every year on 26th January and 15th august we celebrate Republic day and Independence day but very few people aware about the actual meaning of this days.Other wise we just celebrate it like a holiday or some where we hear a patriotic song, this is real meaning of this days? If celebrate 26th January as Republic day so we have to follow our Indian constitution and we have to follow our duty for our respected country. We have to follow all rules and regulation and i.e is not only on 26th January but also through out the year. Acterss Rozlyn Khan is one of great example who follows the duty in our country, she believes in following all rule and regulation and tries her best to make clean and peace full India.Recently she received the 'Celebrity Whistleblower trophy' at Lions Gold Awards. \"I am proud to be an Indian and I am daughter of India. I always try to follow all rule and regulation because I think if we want to celebrate 26th January as Republic day in our life so we have to maintain our job for our country. I believe in peace and cleanness. According to me India is world's best country. We are rich by nature and we have a great culture. We have to always stand against corruption because if in India corruption is increasing so for that we all Indian are equally responsible .\" says Rozlyn khan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11620576", "title": "Lost in translation: Police register case 2 years later", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The inability of city police to read Arabic proved them costly as four persons, earlier deported from Dubai for forged visa to South Africa, managed not only to get their passports back but also fly out of the country last year. Sardarnagar police has registered a complaint of illegal immigration on Monday against the four.According to investigators, Mohammed Farouq Abdullah, Ruksana Allarakha, Shabbir Husain, all residents of Bharuch, and Moin Rangrez, a resident of Gandevi near Surat, were deported from Dubai on May 20, 2010 to Ahmedabad airport. Their documents also bore a note from Dubai immigration that the visas on their passports were dubious. After getting the case, police registered an application of complaint and released them as they sought help of an Arabic expert.\"After getting to know that the papers were about fake visa, the city police again sought the accused but they got to know that they have left the country in 2011, probably for South Africa. A complaint has been filed against them for illegal immigration and lookout notice has been issued to other airports,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11630500", "title": "Gunadhara Acharya arrives for Mahamasthakabhisheka", "text": "MANGALORE: The purapravesha (entering into the city) of Sri 108 Gunadhara Acharya , the founder of Navagraha Teertha, Varur, 105 Sri Nutanmati Mataji, 105 Sri Namanmati Mataji, 105 Sri Chakramati Mataji, 105 Sri Satyamati Mataji and Sadhvis was solemnized in Moodbidri on Wednesday.The Acharya and his entourage are on their way to Venur, where the Mahamasthakabhisheka of Bahubali is to be performed from January28. Moodabidri Jain Mutt head Charukeerti Bhattaraka Panditacharyavarya seer welcomed the acharya and his entourage with poornakumbha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
{"city": "lba court", "code": "11623514", "title": "7-footer Amritpal Singh awaits national camp", "text": "LBA COURT: Switching from kabaddi to basketball has certainly been a wise decision for 7-feet-tall Amritpal Singh, who has been a part of the Indian squad over the last one year. He is now gearing up for the national basketball camp (seniors) to be held in New Delhi from February 1.Amritpal, 20, says he is delighted with his consecutive selection for the national camp, which is an outcome of his performance at the National Basketball Championship held in Chennai.A trainee at the Ludhiana Basketball Academy, Amritpal said the Indian squad for ensuing tournaments would be selected from among the talented basketball players who would attend the camp. \"I would concentrate on improving my performance at the camp so that I do not my miss place in the national team,'' he says.Amritpal had also represented the country at Asian Basketball Championship-2011 held in China. \"The exposure at China was great. I learned various tactics of the game at international level,'' says Amritpal.Being the top scorer in the finals of national basketball championship last year was a memorable moment for Amritpal as it was a confidence booster that motivated him to perform even better in the future matches.The gritty dribbler wants India to be at the helm of Asian basketball first and then at the world level and is ready to give his best towards this endeavour. \"With a vast pool of talent, our country would achieve this goal soon,'' he adds.Training under coach Dr Subramaniam has helped him groom his game a lot, believes Amritpal.LBA general secretary Teja Singh Dhaliwal said six LBA trainees, including Talwinderjeet Singh Sahi, Amjyot Singh, Jagdeep Singh, Manpreet Singh and Loveneet Singh have been selected for the national camp this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-25"}
