{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12128280", "title": "Two arrested from Birbhum in Katwa rape case", "text": "BURDWAN: Two more persons were arrested by Ketugram Police on Friday night for allegedly looting passengers and raping a woman on Ahmedpur-Katwa Passenger train.Earlier, police had arrested Seikh Sentu and Noor Mohammed only on charges of robbery. However, Nayan Seikh and Farid Seikh, both residents of Murshidabad's Chouhatta village under Labhpur police station area, have been charged with both rape and robbery. The duo was produced in Katwa Court on Saturday and the Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate (ACJM), Uday Rana, sent them to 10 days of police custody for further interrogations. Sentu and Noor were arrested by the Katwa GRP a day after the incident and were remanded to seven days of police custody under Ketugram Police.Acting on a specific tip off, police rounded up the two accused from a hideout in Birbhum, Burdwan SP SMH Mirza told the media. \"We have taken them on remand for further interrogations,\" he added. The victim will also be asked to identify them in TI parade, police sources said.The 29-year-old widow, who lost her husband about 11 years ago and mother of two daughters, had alleged that she was raped at gunpoint by a youth in black trousers, aged around 25 years. The incident took place near Ambal village after the victim was reportedly dragged down from the train. The fellow passengers also confirmed her version to GRP officials on the night of the incident.Bikash Majumdar, president of Ketugram-II block and Dhrubajyoti Das, SDPO of Katwa had accompanied the victim on that night for FIR and medical test. Later, Bikash Majumdar was removed from his post by the Trinamool leadership.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee recently said that the widow had not been raped as per medical reports. She also termed the incident as false and fabricated and alleged that the victim's husband was a CPM supporter. DGP Naparajit Mukherjee also virtuallybrushed aside the woman's claims at Writers' Buldings on the same day.On Friday, the minister of state for labour Sabina Yasmin and a Congress PCC delegation team met the victim along with Rabindra Nath Chatterjee, MLA of Katwa, and assured her all help. They also pressured the Burdwan SP to arrest the culprits. Former CPM minister Anju Kar also met her.Though police did not comment on the political colours of the two accused persons, CPM district committee member Achintya Mallick alleged that both were noted criminals and patronized by local Trinamool leadership. \"Initially, police were afraid to arrest them, but after tremendous pressure from all corners, they nabbed the duo. The chief minister and the DGP should apologize to her publicly,\" said Mallick.Ketugram Police has arrested Nayan Seikh and Farid Seikh, both residents of Murshidabad from Chouhatta village under Labhpur Police Station area in Birbhum last night allegedly for dacoity and rape of an woman in Ahmedpur- Katwa Passenger train. They have been forwarded to Katwa Court today and the Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate (ACJM), Uday Rana has sent them to police custody for ten days for further interrogations. Two others - Seikh Sentu of Srikhanda and Noor Mohammed Seikh of Kosigram in katwa, both arrested a day after this incident by katwa GRP and Ketugram Police has been taken on seven days police remand. However, they have been booked only for dacoity on that day, However Nayan Seikh and Farid Seikh has been booked for both rape and dacoity.SMH Mirza, SP of Burdwan told media persons that acting on specific tip offs police zeroed on them at the hideout yesterday at Birbhum and nabbed them. \"We have taken them on remand for further interrogations,\" he added. The victim will also be asked to identify them in TI parade, police sources said.The 29 year old widow, who has lost her husband about 11 years ago in eletrification and mother of two daughters had alleged that she has been raped at gunpoint by a youth aged around 25 years wearing black trousers near Ambal village after being dragged out of train. Co passengers also confirmed her version to GRP officials at that night. Bikash Majumdar, Ketugram -2 block president and Dhrubajyoti Das, SDPO of Katwa accompanied her on that night for FIR and medical test. Later Bikash Majumdar has been removed from hos post by trinamul leadership.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has said that she has not been raped as per medical reports, and the incident is false and fabricated and even the victim's husband is CPM supporter. The DGP, Naparajita Mukhopadhyay, virtually nodded all her accusations at Writers Bulding on that day.The minister of state for labour, Sabina Yasmin and a congress PCC delegation team met her along with local MLA of Katwa, Rabindra Nath Chatterjee and assured her all help and also put pressure upon Burdwan SP to arrest the culprits on that day. Former CPM minister Anju Kar also met her. Though police did not comment on the political colours of the two accused persons today, CPM district committee member, Achintya Mallick alleged that both the arrested persons are noted criminals and patronised by local trinamul leadership so police intially feared to arrest them, but after tremendous pressure from all corners has been forced to nab them at last.\" Now the chief minister and the DGP should apologise to her publicly,\" claimed Achintya Mallick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12128098", "title": "Hindi-medium beats Marathi in BMC schools", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's civic body which runs the largest pool of Marathi schools recently witnessed a pattern-changer: the student count in the BMC-run Hindi-medium schools had crept passed that of the Marathi-medium institutes. As of 2010, the number of students enrolled in Marathi schools was 1.02 lakh, almost the same as those in Urdu schools, as opposed to 1.17 lakh in Hindi-medium schools - figures that reflect a changing preference in the medium of education.The data-procured by RTI activist Chetan Kothari-shows the change came in 2009. Growth in student numbers in Hindi BMC schools has been steady since.Ramesh Joshi, president of the Brihanmumbai Mahapalika Shikshak Sabha, said it was an irony that there were more teachers employed for Marathi schools, which no longer had as many students. \"There are more students in Hindi and Urdu schools but these institutes are suffering from shortage of teachers.\"Speaking of the larger enrolment trend, Joshi said Maharashtrians were not interested in getting an education in Marathi. \"Marathi manoos is the one with a Maharashtrian surname, but doesn't know his or her own language,\" Joshi lamented.Between 2008 and 2009, the BMC folded up 15 of its Marathi schools in line with the student count that has been constantly falling. That year, enrolment rose only in Hindi and English schools, yet it did not prompt the BMC to re-work its elementary education strategy. The BMC did not start new schools to fill the growing demand for English- and Hindi-medium schooling.Nearly 1.17 lakh students have been crammed into 234 Hindi schools, few more than half the Marathi schools that the BMC runs (see box). Educationist Madhav Chavan said the trend is a reflection of Mumbai's demographical change, as well as the fact that middle-class Mumbaikars are sending their kids to English-medium schools. \"It's a fallacy that the BMC caters to poor children. It is the civic body's job to ensure good education is provided,\" he added.The BMC's expenditure on schooling has risen with the civic body spending Rs 1,240 annually on a Standard I student and Rs 2,525 per year on a Standard VII child. Chavan said the teachers recruited for Marathi schools must be re-trained to teach in English- and other-medium schools. The situation in the over-crowded English schools, the numbers of which have not risen despite the growing enrolment, is probably equally grim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128145", "title": "Intermediate exams: 27 caught for cheating", "text": "HYDERABAD: As many as 27 cases of malpractice were booked on the first day of intermediate second year exams on Saturday.While a total of 7,75,920 candidates have enrolled for general category exams and and 66,850 for vocational courses, 52,537 students remained absent on the first day.As per the Board of Intermediate Examination (BIE) regulations, all photocopy machines and outlets in and around examination centres in Nalgonda, Medak and Ranga Reddy districts were kept shut during the exam hours.A strict vigil was maintained in all these places by the regional inspection officers, local mandal revenue officers and police personnel.Examinations were held for subjects such as Telugu (Paper II), Sanskrit (Paper II), Hindi (Paper II), Urdu (Paper II) and Arabic (Paper II).\"All the examinations were conducted peacefully without any untoward incident,\" BIE said in a release here on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12130450", "title": "Obama seeks time in \u2018hero\u2019 Gandhi\u2019s name", "text": "WASHINGTON: US president Barack Obama is being pilloried for invoking Mahatma Gandhi and Nelson Mandela at a campaign fundraising event even as political dogfight between Republicans and Democrats gets increasingly toxic ahead of November's presidential election.America's conservative pundits jumped on Obama for \"comparing himself to Gandhi\" after Liberals roasted right-wing talking head Rush Limbaugh for calling a young college graduate a \"slut\" following a Congressional testimony in which she said insurance companies should fully cover birth control for all women.That resulted in an episode of Sex and the CT - cheap thrills - for many conservatives, with show host Rush Limbaugh casting her as a woman of loose morals.\"What does it say about the college co-ed Sandra Fluke, who goes before a congressional committee and essentially says that she must be paid to have sex, what does that make her? It makes her a slut, right? It makes her a prostitute,\" Limbaugh said on Wednesday. \"She wants to be paid to have sex. She's having so much sex she can't afford the contraception. She wants you and me and the taxpayers to pay her to have sex. What does that make us? We're the pimps.\"Fluke, who has been a campaigner for reproductive justice and has now become a cause celebre , called the attack \"hurtful\" , but said she \"understood that this is how people try to silence women when they speak out, especially when they speak out about reproductive health\".On Friday, Obama called her on her cell phone to offer support. The White House said he conveyed to her his \"disappointment that she has been the subject of inappropriate personal attacks and to thank her for exercising her rights as a citizen to speak out on an issue of public policy\".An embarrassed conservative brigade then pounced on Obama's fundraising campaigns - he had four events on Friday night - at one of which he invoked Gandhi, who he regards as a personal hero. Speaking about the change he had promised and how hard it has been to bring it, Obama said, \"Gandhi, Nelson Mandela , what they did was hard. It takes time. It takes more than a single term. It takes more than a single president. It takes more than a single individual\".Limbaugh and his constituency saw it as Obama comparing himself to Gandhi. He mocked the president, saying his \"moral example is making us provide contraception for women who want unlimited sex\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12127715", "title": "Rajkot businessman found killed in South Mumbai residence", "text": "MUMBAI: A 55-year-old businessman from Rajkot was found murdered in his south Mumbai residence on Friday night. The deceased, Allarakha Siddi, used to visit Mumbai once every month for official purposes.Police said Siddi had come to Mumbai on Tuesday and neighbours had spotted him with a 15-year-old boy, whom they had not seen before. The absconding teenager has emerged as the main suspect.On Friday evening, Siddi's neighbour called the police saying there was a foul smell emanating from the deceased's house. The police broke open the door of Siddi's flat and found his body covered in blood. The police found deep wounds on Siddi's neck, which they believe were inflicted by a sharp object.\"We have sent the body for post-mortem examination to JJ Hospital. We suspect he was killed on Thursday. Neighbours say they had not seen Siddi after Thursday morning. The motive of the murder is not clear but the boy is our main suspect,\" said Pydhonie police station inspector V Rathod.Police have been unable to trace Siddi's relatives in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132761", "title": "Anushka\u2019s double act in Selva\u2019s flick", "text": "Alot seems to be happening on Selvaraghavan's Irandam Ulagam front.While the director is currently location hunting in the US, where he plans to shoot a schedule of his film, the industry is abuzz with how Anushka, who's playing the female lead in the film, will be seen in a dual role in it. It's also being said that the girl is learning martial arts for the film that has Arya in the lead. Though Anushka has played dual roles in her earlier Telugu film, Arundhati and Panchamukhi, this one, we hear, will be quite challenging. A highly-placed source reveals, \"Anushka is indeed playing a dual role in Irandam Ulagam. But, only one role will be seen prominently throughout the film. Selva is attempting something new with this film by trying to give it a period feel. However, it can't be classified as a period film.\"Anushka and the director remained unavailable for comments at the time of going to press. But the actress' spokesperson refutes the claims, saying, \"Anushka is not learning martial arts, and she is not doing a dual role as well.\"Interestingly, Selvaraghavan's earlier film Aayirathil Oruvan also had historical elements in them, though the film belonged to the fantasy genre. The filmmaker had mentioned a while back that he had already completed the script of the sequel to the Karthistarrer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "12129114", "title": "About to cast vote at Galgibaga in Goa, 93-year-old man dies", "text": "CANACONA: Ninety three-year-old Constancio Baretto of Galgibaga died just before he could cast his vote in Canacona on Saturday. Sources said that at around 11am, Baretto suddenly felt uneasy and collapsed when he was inside the polling booth and about to cast his vote.The staff rushed to his aid and immediately made arrangements to shift him to a hospital. However, he was declared brought dead by the hospital staff.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12130266", "title": "IAS officer seeks directions to police to file FIR against Sukhbir Badal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A senior IAS officer in Punjab, Vijay Kumar Janjua, submitted a fresh petition on Saturday in the court of Preeti Sahni, special judge-cum-additional district and sessions Judge, Chandigarh for issuing directions to police to register an FIR against Sukhbir Singh Badal, deputy chief minister, Punjab, for demanding a bribe of Rs 1 crore from him and for threatening him.The case has been adjourned to March 13 with a direction to produce copies of judgments quoted in the petition. Earlier, Janjua, who is secretary, Freedom Fighters, had filed a complaint that Sukhbir Badal demanded Rs 1 crore bribe from him, threatened him and on his directions, the Punjab vigilance trapped him in a false case.Janjua said that filing of this new petition was necessitated because the court of chief judicial magistrate is not competent to take cognizance of offences under Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, and cannot order registration of FIR.Janjua has levelled charges against Sukhbir Singh Badal, along with chief director, vigilance bureau, Sumedh Singh Saini for committing offences under sections 120, criminal conspiracy, 166 , public servant disobeying law, 167, public servant framing an incorrect document, 186, obstructing a public servant, 195, for fabricating false evidence, 211 , false charge with intent to injure, 218 public servant framing incorrect record, 347, wrongful confinement to extort property, 332 ,causing hurt to deter public servant, 353, assault on public servant, 355, criminal force to dishonor person, 357, criminal force to confine a person, 365, kidnapping to confine secretly, 386, extortion by putting a person in fear of grievous injury, 452, criminal trespass and 500, defamation, of IPC.The IAS officer has accused Sukhbir Singh Badal of demanding bribery and ordering him to bend rules to accommodate his aide, TR Misra, an industrialist in Ludhiana, while Janjua was the secretary commerce and industry. Janjua has charged the deputy CM of getting the vigilance to book a false case against him after he refused to toe Badal's line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129966", "title": "Labourer found dead in Bhosari", "text": "PUNE: A 35-year-old construction labourer was found murdered along the roadside at Indrayaninagar in Bhosari on Saturday morning. The Bhosari police have identified the deceased as Arvindkumar Parmeshwar Ram (35) of Aurangabad district in Bihar. Ram was staying with his relatives at Subhashnagar in Bhosari.The police recovered the body following a tip off from the city police control room around 10 am. The victim's identity was ascertained after the police found his personal diary and established contact with his brother on telephone.\"Ram was allegedly strangled and his decomposed body was recovered by the police almost 48 hours after his death,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone III) Dnyaneshwar Chavan.Chavan said the police are probing all angles to ascertain the motive behind the murder.According to Chavan, investigations have revealed that Ram had not reported for work for a month due to ill heath. He was missing from home for the last two days. There are no weapon injuries found on his person. Some marks of animal bites were found on his body, Chavan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12137230", "title": "Cops suspect gang war behind Kamakhya killing", "text": "GUWAHATI: City police on Sunday handed over the severed head of Mojibur Rahman to his family. Earlier, on Saturday, one Motiur Rahman confirmed at the Jalukbari PS that the head belonged to his brother Mojibur, who was missing since March 1.The severed head was found on Friday at the foothills of the Nilachal Hills where the Kamakhya temple is situated. The head was wrapped in a plastic bag and was discovered by a ragpicker on the divider of a road .Police haven't found the remaining parts of Mojibur's body even 48 hours after the severed head was discovered. But they have come up with a new lead in the case and suspect Mojibur was killed in a gang war.\"The deceased's brother has identified the head and we have handed over it to the family. The search for the remaining body parts is still on. Mojibur Rahman was reported to be missing since March 1 and his mobile was switched off,\" said a policeman at Jalukbari PS.Motiur said Mojibur left his place for Nalbari on February 28 with a friend named Hakumuddin Ahmed. \"On March 1 he called me and said that he was in the city's Lokhra area and might come to my place to stay for the night. But he didn't come. Later, when I tried to contact him, his mobile phone was switched off. Then I came to know about the killing at Kamakhya and recognized the severed head as my brother's.\" Motiur is the victim's younger brother and lives in the city's Hatigaon area.Police suspect Mojibur was killed in relation to some gang war. \"We have got some leads in the case and it seems Mojibur was involved in some criminal activities in Darrang district. It is possible he was killed by some fellow criminals in context of some gang war. The killers dropped the head in the temple area to mislead everyone. Investigation is on. We hope to catch the culprit soon,\" said city SP Apurba Jibon Baruah.Mojibur (40) hailed from Athkuriapara area in Monglodoi, Darrang district. He was arrested twice in relation to counterfeit cases. Police sources said that he was once arrested in a counterfeit case by Sipajhar PS and once for selling stolen gold jewellery by Mangaldai PS in 2010.Police are now looking for Hakumuddin, who is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12129333", "title": "28cr makeover for building in Fort St George", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as the 500-crore secretariat complex at Omandurar, built by the DMK regime, lies neglected, the state has set out to revamp the four-decades old Namakkal Kavignar Maaligai at Fort St George. Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday laid the foundation, through video-conferencing, for the 28-crore project aimed at restoring the glory of the 10-storeyed structure.The state has issued administrative sanction orders and the public works department will take up civil works with the help of contractors very shortly. The agency will restore the facade of the elevated structure which was built in 1975 and houses several government departments and the offices of the secretaries.\"The building will have an arch, which will be a blend of traditional and modern architecture. State-of-the-art facilities such as centralized air-conditioning and new electrical transformers will be set up,\" said a senior government official. Interior roads, and water and drainage lines will also be upgraded.The AIADMK government which came to power in 2011 announced its decision to continue functioning out of the Fort St George complex and convert the new secretariat complex on Anna Salai into a multi-specialty hospital.\"The officials and staff at the secretariat welcome the government's decision to revamp Namakkal Kavignar Maaligai. The restoration is much-awaited,\" says S Peter Anthonysamy, president-elect, Tamil Nadu Secretariat Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12130350", "title": "Experts to help restore Sobha Singh's works", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Two international artists will visit Sobha Singh Art Gallery at Andretta, 11km from Palampur, to inspect and restore some of the works by the renowned painter.Sobha Singh's grandson Hriday Paul Singh said, \"Ian Barrand is a restorer from England who works at a prestigious museum in Yorkshire and Bhajan Hunjan is a well-known artist. They will arrive here in the last week of March and assess the paintings that have developed cracks, and advice on how to preserve the works.\"Hriday added, \"Around 50 paintings on various themes such as national heroes and freedom fighters, religious figures, romantic tales and portraits are on display in the art gallery, and thousands of connoisseurs, art lovers, tourists and visitors from all over the world visit the place every year.\"Palampur receives much rainfall and the dampness effects the paintings. Exposure to dust and excess light have faded the colour and caused cracks in half a dozen works which include portraits of famous poetess Late Amrita Pritam, a Gorkha soldier, paintings of Guru Tegh Bahadur and Lord Krishna.The experts have decided to provide their services free of cost, as they have the highest regards for the great artist, Sobha Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127920", "title": "IIT-Gandhinagar to set up Rs 1,200cr campus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The new campus of Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar (IIT-GN) will be constructed at the budget of Rs 1,200 crore. The work is set to begin within six to nine months, and the campus will flaunt some of the most environment-friendly green buildings in the country.IIT-GN, which is one of the six new IITs set up in 2008-09, has been allotted the campus of Vishwakarma Government Engineering College at Gandhinagar for the time being. The institute has been allotted a 450-acre plot in Palej village of Gandhinagar district for its campus.\"The preparation of the master plan for the new campus is underway. We are planning to erect buildings with the least amount of carbon emission possible. The facilities and plans for the entire campus are being visualized along these lines,\" said director of IIT-GN Sudhir Jain.The master plan for the new campus is being prepared by a Delhi-based consultancy firm. The institute had floated a competition for consultancy firms for the preparation of the master plan. More than 60 domestic and international firms applied for the project.\"Among other criteria, we shortlisted the entries and selected them based on their expertise and experiences in the area of handling green campuses. We are planning to make the movement of vehicles will be limited inside the campus and most of the campus will be pedestrian zones,\" said Jain. Other plans for the institute's buildings include air-cooling systems instead of air conditioners.\"The new campus will be like a township and will have all required facilities like dispensaries, shopping complex, banks, faculty quarters, students' hostels and so on. The first phase of construction that will begin in around six to nine months from now will be able to accommodate 2400 students. However from the experience and history of other IITs it is clear that the institute will have to accommodate more students and we will have to expand the facilities further.\"\"Once the master plan is ready, we will be floating a competition for architects. The experience of the architects in the area of green buildings will again be one of the most important criterion for shortlisting them,\" said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12129914", "title": "Central Railway plugs loophole in token system for reservations", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway has plugged a loophole in the token system applicable at the Passenger Reservation System (PRS) counters by introducing a new system that eliminates the role of touts, who used to sell the reservation requisition slip at premium rates to prospective commuters.On February 29, TOI had reported about the modus operandi of the touts, who would fill the PRS slip with a \"magic pen\", which could then be erased by holding a flame up to the form. The ink would evaporate and the form would turn blank, barring the rubber stamp that bore the token number and date. According to CR officials, these forms are then sold to customers at premium rates.Now, the form filled by a person remains with the PRS office and the token number is allotted on piece of paper. The form is then handed over to the customer on production of a photo identity card, the following day, minutes before the reservation counter opens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12130414", "title": "China, Japan island row aggravates", "text": "BEIJING: China's territorial dispute with Japan intensified on Saturday as Beijing released Chinese names for disputed Tokyo-controlled Diaoyu and 70 affiliated islands in the East China Sea.Japan had released names of 39 uninhabited islands, including some isles around Diaoyu Island on Friday last. China has opposed the move calling it \"illegal and invalid\" .\"No matter what names Japan has given to isles affiliated to Diaoyu Island, it will not change the fact that these islands they belong to China,\" Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12128465", "title": "Cryptic call leads cops to dead woman", "text": "KOLKATA: Mystery shrouds the death of 27-year-old woman at her rented apartment in the posh Jodhpur Park Garden area in south Kolkata. Police were drawn to the house on Friday morning after a phone call from her husband that was cut abruptly after he said that his wife had hanged herself. Their two-year-old child is reported 'missing'.Police found the body of Baishakhi Biswas lying on the floor, covered in a shawl. There were ants crawling all over her. Witnesses say there was no blood or bruises and she seemed to be asleep. Baishakhi took the name of Sujan Begum after marrying Rezaul Haque Sheikh three years ago - it was her second marriage.Investigators are not yet sure how she died. \"Our probe now hinges on the post-mortem report to ascertain whether it was suicide or homicide,\" said an officer. Preliminary probe hints at homicide and the suspect is her husband, said a source.Baishakhi and Rezaul moved into the third-floor apartment with their infant son some 15 months ago and did not have much contact with the neighbours. Police are not yet sure where Rezaul worked or if at all. Locals say he was mostly at home, even during the day.The Lake police station got a call around 7.30am on Saturday. The caller spoke haltingly and seemed to be rambling. He said that his wife was lying dead in their house. When police asked him to explain, he said they had a brawl on Friday night which drove her to suicide. The caller claimed that in a last ditch attempt to \"save her\", he brought down the body \"but she had died by then\". \"So I left home with our only son,\" he reportedly told police. The call ended abruptly.Police rushed to the flat and found the door locked from outside. They broke open the lock and found the body lying on the bedroom floor. Nothing seemed disturbed in the house. Police have listed the child as missing . They hope he is with his father.Preliminary probe says that Baisakhi died between midnight and 2am. Rigor-mortis had just set in and there were ants all over her body, an investigator said. Police are yet to find any sign or evidence of suicide in the apartment, say sources.A laundry owner whose shop is bang opposite the apartment building, said, \"I came to know about the death around 7.45am when the police arrived. I went in along with the police and saw her lying on the floor. She was wearing a house-coat. There was no blood, nor any signs of abnormality on her body that I could see. You would think she was asleep and would wake up any moment.\"Investigation revealed that Baishakhi married for the second time three years ago. Her earlier marriage broke off in 2004. Her marriage with Rezaul was against her mother's wish and it led to a rift between Baishakhi and her mother Papa Biswas. They have come back to talking terms less than a year ago. Papa has told police that there were major brawls between the couple. She alleges that Rezaul murdered Baiskahi in cold blood.Baishakhi is from the Sonarpur-Rajpur area, while Rezaul is from Baruipur. Tracking his mobile phone, police found that Rezaul probably called them from Baruipur, some 22km away.Mahua Razak, the couple's neighbour in the apartment complex, says he last saw Rezaul and his son around 12 noon on Friday. \"They did not mingle with anyone in the neighbourhood. They did not even exchange pleasantries if they came face-to-face with us. We don't have the faintest clue how she died. We did not hear them quarrelling on Friday night,\" she said.The owner of the flat Ananta Das said: \"The couple came 15 months ago to 'settle down'. They appeared to be decent and educated. I didn't find any reason to deny them a shelter on rent. But I found them a bit strange as they never mingled with anyone. I heard the man worked in a bar, but I never found him leaving for work, nor do I know if she worked,\" said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127900", "title": "Court rejects Zakia plea to see SIT report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A magisterial court on Saturday rejected Zakia Jafri's request to permit her to see the final report of the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT). The report is based on her complaint against chief minister Narendra Modi and 62 others in connection with a larger conspiracy in the 2002 riots.Jafri's counsel sought the court's permission to inspect the report after the metropolitan magistrate M S Bhatt had rejected her plea demanding copy of the report last month.The court rejected the plea to open the report on the ground that the prayer sought was not as per the provisions cited by the petitioner. Besides, the court also refused to open the report on the ground that since the SIT did not provide all material, the report could not be said to be conclusive.Jafri's counsel had argued that SIT could not prevent a court from declaring the gist of the report, as it had no locus standi to tell the court what it should do after the report had been submitted.The court has already asked SIT to submit all related documents by March 15. SIT had sought a month's time to submit the annexure because the voluminous record could require time for serialization of documents.Meanwhile, advocate Shamshad Pathan filed another application requesting the court to declare that the report is a public document and then permit him to inspect it. He argued that any investigation report submitted by a probe agency in court was a public document as per provision of section 74 of the Indian Evidence Act, and the court can permit inspection of the public document as per the provisions of section 76 of the Act.The investigating officer in the case, Himanshu Shukla, claimed that the SIT report, which has been submitted in a sealed cover, is not a public document. However, he sought time from the court to file a written reply. The court has kept hearing on the issue on March 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12137613", "title": "Staff crunch ails Khallikote Autonomous College", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Acute shortage of language teachers has become a major cause of concern for the Khallikote Autonomous College here. After Telugu, now the Hindi department of the college is running without any faculty member.Around 57 students, from Plus III to post-graduate, study Hindi at the 134-year-old college. The only Hindi teacher of the college retired last week.\"Since the course for this semester has been completed by the end of February and the classes are suspended due to the Plus II examination, we will not face much difficulty this year,\" said principal D P Nanda. He, however, said the college would face problems in the coming academic session, if no teacher is posted.Not only the Hindi and, many other departments of the premier college are suffering from shortage of teachers. There are only 37 teachers at the college against the sanctioned post of 90. There are more than 4,000 students at the college. The situation is likely to worsen with at least eight more teachers retiring later this year.The principal said classes were being conducted at many departments with guest faculties. At least 18 guest teachers were appointed this year, he added. The principal said he would apprise the government of the staff shortage in the college very soon.Berhampur MLA and president of the managing committee of the college R Ch Chaupatnaik said he had already informed the government of the staff crunch at the institute. \"I have requested the government to appoint more teachers. Besides, I also appealed for an unitary university status for the age old institute,\" he said.Several former student leaders blamed the government for the pitiable condition of the college. \"The college has produced so many eminent politicians, renowned scientists, educationists of the country. We are very much worried about the future of the college. Its condition is gradually deteriorating because of government apathy,\" said Pradesh Congress Committee secreatry Bikram Panda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129405", "title": "We know vote you did yesterday", "text": "When it mattered, Goa rose spectacularly to the occasion. On Election Day, the state's residents chucked aside with a vengeance the perception of being 'socegado', and lined up before polling booths in every nook and cranny of Goa. From youth to nonagenarians, four-fifths of a million stood resolutely for change. Sunday Times of India visits a few key constituencies to catch the vibeIt's a neck-and-neck fight in the 23 constituencies of North Goa between the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) alliance and the Congress-NCP one, with a slight edge to the former. Political observers say that the huge turn out was due to anti-incumbency and also due to strict poll monitoring system. In Pernem, Sports minister Manohar (Babu) Azgaonkar is said to be on a sticky wicket. Former Vasco MLA Rajendra Arlekar who shifted to the SC reserved seat of Pernem, is likely to become MLA again. In Mandrem, though, it could be anybody's game. BJP president and sitting MLA Laxmikant Parsekar was in a close contest with Congress Dayanand Sopte and Trinamool Congress Sameer Salgaocar. In Bardez, out of seven constituencies, BJP expected to do well. Observers say that Siolim and Mapusa are likely to be retained by the BJP candidates and sitting MLAs Dayanand Mandrekar and Francisco D' Souza. BJP also expects to retain Saligao, which witnessed an intense fight involving independent Tulio de Souza and NCP Suresh Parulekar. Congress-NCP alliance candidates were on a strong footing in Aldona and Tivim. In Porvorim, Independent candidate Rohan Khaunte was engaged in a close encounter with BJP candidate Govind Parvatkar and NCP's Fermeena Khaunte. In a late evening development, supporters of Rohan had a celebration in Porvorim claiming victory. Calangute also witnesssed a close tie between Michael Lobo who is supported by Calangute sarpanch Joseph Sequeira and sitting MLA Agnelo Fernandes. The fight was so intense that Fernandes filed a compalint of threat to kill against sequeira. Analysts say that a photo finish is to be expected in St Cruz, where the fight is between education minister and Congress candidate Antanasio 'Babush' Monserrate, MGP candidate Dinar Tarcar and independent candidate Rudolf Fernandes . Meanwhile in Ponda, the MGP is likely to retain both seats by Dhavlikar brother, Marcaim: Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavlikar and Priol: Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavilakar.PanajiExcept for a stray incident between a candidate an opposition worker, polling was largely peaceful in the capital, where the mostcommon complaint was the slow pace of voting. \"I have been standing at one spot in this line for 20 minutes. The line is not moving ahead. It should (ideally) be fast, said a middle-aged voter who requested anonymity. BJP candidate Manohar Parrikar said \"The high turnout is to throw the government out. People want change. I can sense that.\" The snail pace voting did not escape Parrikar's attention. \"The speed (of voting) is slow. My agents are giving feedback to the election commission,\" said Parrikar. Congress candidate Yatin Parekh too felt the high turnout would aid his prospects. \"People are looking for change,\" said Parekh.CumbharjuaCumbharjua's voters came out in strong numbers to exercise their franchise on Saturday. One voter said that two major candidates were running neck-and-neck with a former MLA having a slight edge. At another polling booth, a voter told STOI there was no major anti-incumbency in the constituency. There were serpentine queues in many polling booths and voters seemed exasperated about the new procedures (fingerprinting and photography) introduced for this election.\"We have the EPIC card plus the voter's slip,\" said an elderly voter. \"Why do they need these additional measures?\" he questioned. Asked his thoughts on the high voter turnout, independent candidate Bismarque Dias, a priest, said, \"It is fantastic. I have great confidence. The people's decision is my victory. We have given them a choice.\"Poriem, Valpoi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12129506", "title": "House owners told to give details of tenants to police", "text": "CHENNAI: All residents in the city who have rented out their houses have been asked to register their tenants at the local police station with immediate effect by filling a form with their details.Those failing to do so can be booked under IPC Section 188 (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant) that attracts a penalty of a jail term of six months to one year and a fine, police said.The form can be collected from police inspectors who have been issued a circular by the police commissioner to ensure that it contains information about tenants of houses under their jurisdiction.The order, which comes in the wake of the February 23 incident in which five bank robbery suspects were shot dead in a rented apartment in Velachery, was issued by police commissioner J K Tripathy, who holds the powers of a district additional sessions' judge as per the 144 CrPC, 1973.Following a system that is in vogue in metros like Delhi and Mumbai, the Chennai police have started collecting information about tenants in the city and its suburbs. \"We have made it mandatory for house owners to register their existing and new tenants,\" commissioner Tripathy told TOI.As it is not possible to convey the information to every household in the city, it is being issued through the mass media, he said. Circulars will be pasted on notice boards at local body offices, police stations and the offices of senior police officers. \"We have launched the initiative to ensure the security of the general public. People should cooperate with us,\" a police officer said.It is also planned to include a column in the Tamil Nadu police website to feed in tenants' names and addresses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132440", "title": "Celebs at NVD Mirchi Music Awards", "text": "They make us dance to their tunes and hum their numbers but little do we realize the amount of hard work and sleepless nights that go into their music. The recently held NVD Mirchi Music Awards, powered by MTS, was a much-needed recognition for those slogging behind the scene in the music fraternity.Said composer Debajyoti Mishra , \"Here, musicians were the stars. This is the first time that Kolkata has seen such an event happening. It's completely different from the other run-ofthe-mill award ceremonies that are more of glitz, glamour and glitterati, and less of giving recognition to true talent.\"From lyricists to music composers, programmers and music arrangers, this was one award that was for everyone. Gaurab Chatterjee, popularly known as Gabu, who received the best upcoming music composer award, believes that the ceremony was truly unbiased. \"I was a part of the initial screening process. From there, the winners were selected by yet another jury. My award came as a pleasant surprise. Such initiatives will definitely boost the morale of the Bengali music industry. It's bound to motivate young people like me,\" he said.The Mirchi Music Awards were very special to singer-songwriter Anupam Roy, who was not only the most-nominated but was also the mostawarded star. \"I'll be forever indebted to lovers of Bengali music and the music fraternity in Kolkata,\" he said. The best part of the award, however, was the fact that Mahishasuramardini - a part of the true blue Bengali culture for the last 80 years or so, won the 'Sara Jibaner Gaan' honour. Pt Ajoy Chakraborty also won the Lifetime Achievement Award for his contribution to the music industry. And that's not all. The awards also honoured unsung heroes like accordion player YS Mulki and percussionist Subhen Dey.\"In most awards, only the popular and glamorous categories are kept, but here we found many people who work behind the scene being honoured. The awards encompassed a wide area from the music industry which should be appreciated,\" said Srijato, who won the Best Lyricist award.\"This was a jury-based award and not by popular vote. Music that is good but not commercially acclaimed has been awarded, along with the commercial genre. This is just the beginning and we will definitely look forward to such an effort in the future,\" said Indraadip Das Gupta, who won the award for Best Background Score of the year.The ceremony was a success, thanks to title sponsor NVD Solar Ltd, powered by sponsor MTS and associate sponsor ITC Vivel Clear Glycerine Soap. Haldiram Prabhuji was the snack partner whereas the food partner was 6 Ballygunge Place. The after-party was a blast too thanks to Bacardi Music CDs and the outdoor and television partners were Peedee Outdoor and Star Jalsha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12128866", "title": "Power supply begins dwindling in city", "text": "VARANASI: The power supply in the city has started dwindling. A number of areas in the city suffered power crisis on Saturday. Efforts by PVVNL authorities are not proving enough in dealing with the power woes.As the much-awaited 220/33 kv Bhelupur power substation is still not ready, it would be interesting to see how PVVNL grapples with local faults and overheated transformers during the peak summer season. The PVVNL is yet to repair over a dozen transformers in different parts of the city.Its one-dozen trolley transformers are also not free to meet any emergency conditions, as all of them are already engaged to provide power supply in the city. One trolley transformer is lying on a pile of bricks in Hukulganj area for the last one month. To make matters worse, technical faults in 132 kv Bhikharipur power substation disrupted power supply in southern parts of the city, triggering additional rostering in other feeders in the city on Saturday.Similarly, trans-Varuna areas also struggled with acute power crisis triggered by local faults and damaged transformers in the day. The power disruptions also threw water supply out of gear at many places.M L Sharma, chief engineer, PVVNL, said on Saturday, \"The upcoming summer season is bound to raise the power demand in the city and efforts are being made to curb local faults and prevent transformers from getting overheated. There is a strict instruction to replace damaged power transformer within 72 hours in urban areas and within a week in rural areas. The other measures like replacement of damaged power cables are also going on to bolster power supply in the region.\"It may be mentioned here that the PVVNL had chalked out a plan (2011-12) to bolster power supply in east UP region including Varanasi district. The plan included installation of nearly 10,000 single phase and 28,000 three-phase electric meters, besides, replacement of over 1,450 km length of old and damaged electricity wires along with installation of over 5,500 electricity poles for strengthening power supply in the region.However, if the reports of PVVNL are to be believed, the delay in making 220/33 kv Bhelupur substation operational has hit the strengthening plan that promised to give respite from local faults and excess power load that resulted in overheating of transformers.Power status in Varanasi -# Total number of domestic power consumers (one to three kilowatt capacity) under PVVNL in the city - 2.50 lakhs# Peak power demand in summer season - 550 MW# Power sub stations of different capacities - 35# Power sub stations waiting to be made functional this year - 04# Scheduled power rostering (average) per day - four to five hours# Additional rostering (average) per day - two to three hours", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12129898", "title": "'Interlinking of rivers would be ecologically disastrous'", "text": "AURANGABAD: Economist H M Desarda has expressed reservations about the Supreme Court's direction to constitute a committee to pursue the project to interlink rivers. He said he planned to campaign and educate people on the issue and file an intervention plea before the Supreme Court, urging it to examine the project and replace it with a strategy that is equitable and sustainable. Desarda, a former member of the state planning board, said, \"The project would be extravagant and ecologically disastrous. The apex court perceives it as a solution to banish hunger. But hunger in the country is not due to lack of food, but lack of food entitlement and corruption in the public distribution system.\" tnnHe said interlinking of rivers could not be a solution to food and water scarcity, and would have an irreversible ecological impact. \"Through micro-watershed development, it is possible to make the country drought-proof and achieve flood control at much less financial expenditure. It does not entail any displacement and the gestation period is much shorter,\" he said.He said that India was a water-rich country, though the rainfall was unevenly distributed in time and space. The lowest possible precipitation of just 100 mm gives a million litre water per hectare, which is adequate to meet all basic needs of food and water, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12130214", "title": "School of rock", "text": "The VIP was to arrive soon and students of standard 9 had been tutored well in advance by the class teacher. What do you want to be when you grow up? How will you contribute to the society around you? Do you think your friends aren't playing enough sports?The answers, too, were as the teacher wanted. Then someone in the middle row said, \"I want to be a drummer.\" The VIP wasn't too impressed and the teacher frowned with deep concern . \"Yes,\" the student repeated . \"Like Ian Paice (Deep Purple's drummer), Ginger Baker (Cream) and Carter Beauford (Dave Matthews).\"That was some years back in a school in Darjeeling. Had it been now, neither would have the teacher winced, nor the VIP disapproved . For many of our school kids these days, drumming , playing the guitar, or doing the vocals in a rock band, is a valid career to have.\"Children these days are more aware of alternative career options like photography, music and other performing arts,\" says Ameeta M Wattal, principal of Springdales School in Delhi. \"Music is an industry on the rise with promise of fame, visibility and good money. Harshdeep Kaur of Rockstar fame, Akriti Kakkar of Billu Barber, both from my school, have made it big in the Bollywood music industry.\"Music had to be a part of a fast developing economy's expanding career choices. Aspiring to become a rockstar isn't weird anymore , and it's not just limited to playing in the school band or performing in the odd college gig.Many youngsters are intent on making it their profession. Like Sidharth Gupta of DPS, R K Puram, Delhi. A student of class XII, the 17-year-old is the lead guitarist of his school band. With four years of formal music training under his belt, he has now set his eyes on applying to music schools in New York, Boston and Nashville . \"I am looking forward to learning music professionally ,\" says the Pink Floyd fan, whose band has participated in and won several inter-school music competitions, including the prestigious Brother Bergin's Memorial Music Meet. Ditto for Kabir Agarwal, a Class X student of of Delhi's St. Columba's . The lead vocalist and bass guitarist of his school band, the 15-year-old - a big fan of progressive rock and American singer Josh Groban - says \" performing in front of Tihar jail inmates was his big moment.\" His parents, too, are okay with his decision to pursue rock music.It's not just the boys. Girls aren't far behind. Sanjeeta Bhattacharya , a student of Delhi's DPS, Vasant Kunj, recently underwent a five-week training from Berklee College of Music in Boston and also got a chance to share the stage with Delhi-based rock band Cyanide. \"She has the potential of becoming a professional vocalist,\" says Rohan Solomon , the lead chorister of Cyanide . 16-year-old Sanjeeta, meanwhile , says her single-minded focus is music.\"My whole family is into the arts and my parents have been supportive of my decision ,\" she says. With encouraging parents and teachers by their side, more and more kids are confident they will carve a successful profession from their musical passion . \"Children have enough exposure today to understand what is good for them,\" says Amita Singh, a housewife in her late 30s whose son wants to become a drummer. Music teachers, like Brother Morris of Mount Abu's St. Mary's High, say that no one obsesses over the earlier perception of rock musicians being associated with drugs and sex. \"With proper guidance and discipline , kids are picking up this art beautifully. Our job is to keep them motivated.\"Professional music institutes, on their part, are reporting a surge in the number of enrollments . Anurag and Manisha Dixit of Musicology, a Noidabased music institute, say the number of students at their centre have gone up to 650 - a 90% increase in five years. \"Thirty percent of our students, who are currently in school, are planning to establish their own rock band,\" says the couple.However, those who have gone through the grind caution that even though options in the music industry are better now - thanks to the rising demand for rock music in Bollywood and the opening up of the global market due to the internet - youngsters should be careful. \"They should always have a 'fall-back option' before they plunge full time into the music world. Taking up Western or rock music as an occupation is a brave and risky step in India even today ,\" says Solomon.It's a point emphasized by Subir Malik of Parikrama - a rock band that has been around for almost two decades now. Malik attributes this longevity to the fact that all the band members had a fixed earning alongside. \"We had no financial pressures. So we did not make any compromises on the kind of music we love,\" he says, adding that one should also be ready to diversify into teaching, singing jingles and doing ad films if things don't work out.For many kids, though, betting on rock music, with stars in their eyes and a song on their lips, is a risk they are willing to take.Strings attachedRadiohead |A popular band that was formed in 1985 when its members Thom Yorke, Colin Greenwood, Ed O'Brien and Phil Selway were attending an all-boys school in Oxfordshire, EnglandThe Strokes |They broke onto the music scene in the late '90s with their bare-bones approach to rock'n'roll guitar music. Band members Julian, Nick, Albert, Nikolai and Fabrizio had known each other since their prep school days in New York and SwitzerlandIndian Ocean |Pioneers of the fusion rock genre in India. Some of the band members like Susmit Sen and Rahul Ram were schoolmates at St. Xaviers, DelhiParikrama |Another popular rock band whose members Nitin Malik, Subir Malik and Chintan were schoolmates at St. Xavier's , DelhiNull Friction |A rock band started in 2005 in Chennai by high school students Shreyans Jha, Abhishek Singhal and Ansh Sanyal. The trio, while studying in the US and Canada, come together again for their second album, 'Madras'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127790", "title": "Two held for bank scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state crime investigation department (CID) arrested two kingpins of a multi-crore bank scam on Saturday. Investigators said that with the duo's arrest, a fresh round of investigation will be started on the basis of their questioning.According to CID (Crime) officials, B R Diwanji, former CEO and Vijay Shah, former joint MD of Gujarat Industrial Cooperative Bank (GICB) were arrested on Saturday on the basis of evidences. R V Jotangiya, deputy inspector general of police, CID (Crime), told TOI that the duo was involved in a scam exceeding Rs 3,000 crore in which two complaints were filed in Surat and Ahmedabad in 2011. tnn\"We have arrested more than 60 persons in connection with the case from the time it got registered with us. However, we can term the duo as kingpins and are expecting to get more details after questioning them,\" said Jotangiya.The banking licence of the Ahmedabad-headquartered GICB was cancelled by the RBI due to insolvency in November last year. The bank has 20 branches in 19 cities in Gujarat. The co-operative bank's fate became uncertain after RBI clamped restrictions on it for failing to reduce its non-performing assets (NPAs).In September 2008, the bank was placed under section 35A of the Banking Regulation Act 1949 which places a ceiling on repayment of deposits per depositor. \"The bank has a bagful of scandals where loans worth crores have been given without taking collateral. The bank has deposits worth Rs 535 crore and NPAs of Rs 300 crore,\" said Bipin Shah, who was appointed on the bank's administration board by RBI.Last week, investigators had arrested Chandu Thakkar, a Nationalist Congress Party leader, in connection with the case as he was one of the major defaulters of the bank loan. Investigators said that search for more accused in the case is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12129875", "title": "BMC in a tizzy over cracks on Marine Drive", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC) roads department has always taken pride in the smooth ride motorists enjoy while driving on Marine Drive . But now the Queen's Necklace , which was last concretized in 1960, has started showing signs of cracks.Since the road enjoys VIP status, the BMC is taking no chances with its repair work. The Standing Technical Advisory Committee (STAC), which advises the civic body on roads and bridges, has been asked to conduct an inspection of the road on Monday.Marine Drive was concretized as per the old technique , wherein the thickness of the road was limited to six inches. More recently concretized roads have a thickness of 12 inches. Following the inspection, the BMC may have to increase the thickness of the road. The committee will take stock of the cracks that developed on the road, and will be making its recommendations depending on the extent of the cracks. In case the cracks are sporadic, the BMC will have the option of supplying the required thickness . If the cracks are extensive in nature, the BMC will have to lay the road again.N V Merani, chairman, STAC, told TOI, \"We will take stock of the current situation and give our recommendations . We will have to look into a number of aspects as increasing the thickness of the road could affect the drainage system of the area. We will be making our recommendation keeping in mind the current scenario, utilities, etc.\"Civic officials say that the repair work was long overdue. \"We cannot afford to delay the repair work of this VIP road. It would cause a lot of inconvenience to a number of people . We will start work as soon as STAC makes its recommendations ,\" said a civic official.Bridge resurfacingThe BMC has finally decided to resurface 24 bridges in the city. Around Rs 22 crore has been allocated for the project in the next financial budget. The Standing Technical Advisory Committee (STAC) had deemed 34 of the 57 bridges in the city highly dangerous in its report three years ago. The civic body also plans to take the responsibility of maintaining four major flyovers of the MMRDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12137587", "title": "Five engineering students caught for bus robbery", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Sunday arrested five engineering students for allegedly robbing passengers at Baramunda bus stand in the city.Police said all the accused were 2nd year BTech students of a private college near Baranga. \"The students are drug addicts. They needed money to buy grugs and resorted to crime to earn a quick buck,\" DCP (Bhubaneswar) Nitinjeet Singh said. \"Unlike organized robbers, the students planned thefts only after getting hooked to alcohol and marijuana,\" he added.The accused had barged into a stationary bus around 10.30 pm on February 27. Brandishing weapons and guns, the students had looted money, mobile phones and ornaments of the passengers. While four of them executed the plan, the fifth accused kept guard outside. Strangely, the adjacent buses had not got whiff of the robbery.\"The bus driver was injured in the scuffle that day. The accused fled after the 10-minute-long operation,\" inspector-in-charge (Khandagiri police station) Tapan Mohanty said.Police recovered Rs 6,400 cash, three mobile phones, a dagger and four knives from them. Asked whether there were more people involved in the robbery, police replied in the negative. Sources said police got clues about the involvement of students after scanning the IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers of some stolen mobiles of passengers. However, police refused to divulge the details about how they finally established the students' involvement in the robbery.The five students, who were staying near Baramunda bus stand, were earlier warned by their college authorities for their misconduct and indiscipline in class, police sources said. \"The college was planning to rusticate them for their mischievous activities,\" a police officer said.Last month, Khandagiri police had arrested an engineering student on charges of bike theft. Last year, police had arrested as many as 17 technical students on various charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129517", "title": "Crafting a success tale", "text": "Prema Balan sits among colourful fabrics and shiny, costume jewellery, all created or embellished by her, at a crafts bazaar inaugurated at the C P Arts Centre on Saturday. For the cancer survivor , participating in the five-day event is about showcasing her creativity and spending time with like-minded women entrepreneurs.\"I am 66 years old and don't want to be stressed or depressed about life. This is a nice change in routine for the next few days,\" says Balan, who battled breast cancer five years ago. As a home-maker Balan used to make costume jewellery which she learnt on her own. She took up glass painting after the death of her husband. \"I went for classes to learn how to embroider saris and dress material with zardosi and kalamkari work,\" says Balan. The Women's Craft Bazaar is on till March 8.One of her first exhibitions was organised by her radiologist, soon after her cancer treatment. \"She arranged for me to put up a stall at her clinic and later at a light music concert venue,\" says Balan. Soon, Balan started putting up stalls at exhibitions. \"It boosts my confidence when people buy my jewellery and paintings,\" she says.Like her, G Padmavathi hopes to sell paper bags, envelopes, wire bags and handmade jewellery at the fair. For the 32-yer-old physically challenged single mother, earning is important as she has to take care of her family. \"I hope to make some contacts so people will remember to purchase bags and other items in bulk from me,\" she says.According to C P Arts Centre director Nanditha Krishna, exhibitions help women entrepreneurs learn about the latest trends. \"Many of them don't use preservatives in pickles and other food items so that they don't lose out on health-conscious buyers. As most of them work from home, this is the only opportunity they get to know the needs of customers,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "12129067", "title": "Father held for torturing daughter", "text": "ERODE: A 35-year-old man, a farm labourer, has been arrested on Saturday for torturing and branding his daughter. The girl, seven-year-old Priya, was found underneath a tree near a temple in Krishnapuram in Bhavani taluk was found by a passer-by. Along with the father, S Appusamy, his brother in law, V Murugesan, has also been arrested.Appusamy had remarried after his first wife Palaniammal died when Priya was just three months old. The family lived in Karuttukadai village. Four years after Palaniammal's death, Appuswamy married Vennila, 28, of Krishnapuram. They have two male children.Priya was growing up with their grandfather Solaigoundar till last year. Recently, Appusamy approached his father and told him that he wanted to send Priya to school and brought her to his house. Priya was made to do household chores failing which she was tortured. When she was found, she carried burn marks and he limbs were swollen as she was beaten with a stick. She was also not fed properly.Neighbours informed Solaigoundar, who took custody of the child, and registered a case with the police. A case of attempt to murder has been filed against Appusamy and Murugesan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12129512", "title": "Valsamma had slapped Annie\u2019s kid, says friend", "text": "KOCHI: Sophia, Annie George's childhood friend from Thodupuzha, who spent a few days at Annie's Llenroc mansion a couple of years ago, says Valsamma Mathai had slapped Annie's youngest child and that this incident had led to her complaint to the US Homeland Security.Annie George, 39, a wealthy New York woman of Kerala origin, has been accused by US Federal authorities of breaking immigration laws by keeping an illegal immigrant (Valsamma) as her servant and forcing her to work inhumane hours for barely any pay. The maid apparently was made to work 17-hour a day and had to take care of six children. She was forced to live inside a closet for nearly six years. Annie is the widow of Mathai Kolath George who died in a plane accident in 2009. According to US authorities, she hired Valsamma after promised to pay her $1000 per month. But the maid claims she has only been paid $29,000 so far.However, according to Sophie, \"Valsamma recently got mad at Annie's youngest kid and slapped the child's hand. Another servant in the house, an American lady, on hearing, this told Valsamma that she was not supposed to beat kids, and threatened to call police.Valsamma got really scared and called her son in India. Later they complained against Annie to the Federal authorities. There is a law in the US which says that if an illegal immigrant is abused, the whole family would get the green card,\" Sophia said in an exclusive phone-in interview with The Times of India.\"When I visited Annie two years back, there were three servants in the house - two Malayalis and an American lady. These Malayali ladies were so laidback that I even told Annie that they were so lucky and were like free birds. These servants were happy and had full freedom in Annie's mansion. During my visit, I even saw Valsamma sleeping on the king-size bed. This was two years back, and I believe things haven't changed drastically after that,\" Sophia recounted.\"As the kids grew up and started going to school, Annie didn't need the lady anymore. The kids preferred the food prepared by the American servant. Annie, however, kept Valsamma for one more year. ,\" she said.Sophia also revealed that Annie used to pay salary by cheque as well as cash. Only $25,000 was paid by cheque.\"Valsamma used to send the money home through Western Union Money Transfer, and the records of money transactions would prove that she was paid more than what she had been claiming that she got from Annie,\" Sophie said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "\"sometimes, i feel like my husband's secretary,\" says 32-year-old shefali vasudevan with a laugh. \"on his way out to go to work, he'll just toss instructions into the air", "code": "12128647", "title": "Over-achieving, under-appreciated homemakers", "text": "\"Sometimes, I feel like my husband's secretary,\" says 32-year-old Shefali Vasudevan with a laugh. \"On his way out to go to work, he'll just toss instructions into the air: 'pay my mobile bill, ok?' or 'I heard about this great new restaurant in Indiranagar, just check out the reviews online.' I'm at home anyway with what he thinks of as tons of free time. I want to ask him sometimes, who do you think runs this household flawlessly? House elves?\" Vasudevan, a self-confessed control-freak with what she calls \"bordering-on-OCD standards of neatness and hygiene\", quit her job three years ago with the double aim of looking after the couple's daughter, now three, and starting her own business venture.Unfortunately, she's not made much progress with the online business she planned to kick off within a year. She's just not had the time, she says. Welcome to the world of the stressed-out homemaker. Unlike housewives (it was an acceptable term back then) from a generation ago, whose roles were clearly defined and who were either not expected to or who, frankly, did not have the confidence to perform tasks such as pay a multiplicity of bills or plan an extended holiday in Europe, today's homemakers and stay-at-home moms are expected to do all this and more.Right from coaching the kids after school to ferrying them around from one activity to the other to filing the husband's tax returns and getting his parents to the doctor, everything is this woman's (unpaid) job. In addition, many of them like Vasudevan sign up for volunteer work or get involved in their children's school. No wonder then that they are either dropping from exhaustion or feeling sorely under-appreciated. For those who have worked in a professional set-up earlier, the lack of feedback is often tougher to deal with than the stress.Unlike in the workplace, here there is no feedback mechanism, no automatic appreciation. As Vasudevan says, \"My husband only gives me feedback when he feels I've done something adequately 'professional', like drawing up an Excel sheet to compare schools. All the back-room chores, like ensuring the house runs like clockwork, flies under the radar.\" A 2011 US study by ForbesWoman and parenting website TheBump.com found that mothers who work outside the home feel significantly stressed and overwhelmed, but so do women who stay at home with their children.The study, which surveyed 1,200 women, found that 92% of working moms and 89% of stay-at-home moms feel overwhelmed by work, home and parenting duties, with 84% of stay-at-home moms saying they don't get a break when their partner returns from work, and 50% saying they never get a break from parenting. Around 68% of stay-at-home moms admitted to feeling resentment due to the unbalanced responsibilities, and many referred to themselves as \"married single moms.\"The slow-burning resentment can have serious consequences on the quality of family life and even children's mental health, says Swati Popat Vats, president of the Podar Education Network. Vats often unofficially counsels parents when children act up at school due to conflict at home, and says women who get over-involved in their children's welfare and try to be supermoms sometimes end up taking out their frustration on the children and blaming them for feeling inadequate.\"Many over-involved stay-at-home-moms tend to neglect themselves, to the extent that they don't see themselves as individuals. One mom told me she felt guilty having an ice-cream by herself without sharing it with her child,\" says Vats. Retaining one's sense of self is very important, say therapists. Psychotherapist Mythili Sarma of Aadhihara Clinic advises homemakers to learn how to delegate, something she feels many of them neglect to do through an exaggerated need to 'be useful', and be assertive and individualistic.\"It is telling that usually, even the fact that these woman are under stress doesn't manifest itself until the child is impacted in some way. It is only when they seek help for the child's falling grades, or unexplained behavioural issues, that the underlying reasons surface,\" says Sarma.\"You have to understand what's important to you. If it's vital to throw a really perfect party, you have to do it. But then, you must make sure you have enough help, either from your partner or professionally. Trying to do everything yourself is a disaster,\" says Ronita Sachdev, a stay-at-home-mom with a nine-month-old daughter. She also recommends creating some serious me-time.\"I make sure I go out with friends at least once a fortnight. Adult company is very important, and staying home with a small child all day can be frustrating,\" says Sachdev, who also has a thriving online life and social circle. \"That really helps keep me sane. I read a lot, find out what's happening in the world, engage in debates and discussions (and not just about parenting!). According to me, whatever makes me a happier person as an individual, is making me a better mother,\" she grins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12133961", "title": "In US, obese people shed flab 'due to recession'", "text": "WASHINGTON: A number of obese people in the US have lost considerable amount of flab in the last three years since the start of the recession in 2007, a new study has revealed.Researchers are baffled with the findings as previous researches suggested that low-income families prefer to buy foods which are cheaper, but higher in calories, due to the global financial meltdown.In their study, the researchers at Arizona University used information collected from a study of 350,000 adults across the US, the 'Daily Mail' online reported.People were asked for their height and weight, which allows researchers to calculate their Body Mass Index (BMI).The World Health Organisation considers a person obese if they have a BMI score of 30 or over, and overweight if they have a score of between 25 and 30.The researchers said: \"In all but the poorest income group the annual increase in BMI decelerated substantially during the recession. There is little evidence that the economic downturn has exacerbated obesity by causing people to consume cheaper foods.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12128062", "title": "Akola mayor to be elected on March 9", "text": "AKOLA: The general body meeting of newly elected 73-member house of Akola Municipal Corporation will be held on March 9 at 11am to elect mayor, deputy mayor and 5 co-opted members.District collector Parimal Sinh will be the presiding officer. Nominations will be accepted from March 3 to 6. 15 minutes be given for withdrawing nominations on March 9. The voting will take place by raising hands.There are 38 women and 35 male corporators in the new AMC. The post of mayor has been reserved for woman belonging to the scheduled caste.BJP's Karuna Ingle belongs to this category while Congress-NCP has no such woman corporator.The party position is: BJP-18, SS-8, Congress-18, NCP-5, BRP-BMS-7, SP-1, UDF-2, MNS-1, Akola Vikas Aghadi-2, BJP rebel-1 and independents-10.However, none of the political alliances like Congress-NCP-BRP-BMS and BJP-Shiv Sena could reach the magic figure of 37 to form a government in AMC.RPI leader Sunil Meshram is strongly opposing BRP-BMS group. However, both the alliances are offering mayoral post to Madhuri, wife of Sunil Meshram who has also been elected as an independent. Besides, 5 Muslim corporators have formed a separate group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12129364", "title": "Mecharnival concludes on exhilarating note", "text": "KANPUR: The second day of Mecharnival began with 'Eviscrate' an auto-CAD designing event. The designs were judged by Rahul Mishra. A total of 30 participants took part in the event. It was won by Abhishek Verma.In the second round of fundamental quiz, onspot questionnaire with general questions of physics, chemistry and mathematics of high school curriculum were asked. The winners were Abhinav Bharat Tiwari and Sanjeev Kumar .The second round of 'Dimensions' was organized with six teams each in two groups. The participants were asked to prepare a 3D isometric view of top and side view through paper drawings. A thermocol block and blades were provided as accessories. The event was won by Ayush Gupta and Aamir Rizvi.The personal interviews to solve industrial problem was also conducted. The problem of ash deposition in pipes of thermal power plant was discussed. The event was won by Rahul Mishra.In the final round of Neo-hardware, electrostatic precipitator to counter the pollutant content, conveyer belts to ease the transportation in railway stations were a few of ideas given by the participating students.Second round of Roadies was also held where physical and mental challenging tasks such as push ups, 50 sit-ups, tug of war and chilly chowmein eating. Elimination was through vote out. This year's Roadie was Kartik Agarwal.In the second round of robotics, wired robots were made to go through a constrained path having pebbles, stones and slopes as obstructions.A documentary was presented on blood donation, college life In HBTI, student life of engineers and Indian reality shows. The documentary event was won by Piyush Niranjan.The valedictory function was conducted to mark the end of Mecharnival-2012. The prizes were distributed by HBTI director JSP Rai and Onkar Singh, HoD, mechanical engineering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128207", "title": "Student caught impersonating at SSC exam centre in Ramtek", "text": "NAGPUR: The first case of a fake student in this season's board exam has been detected at Ramtek. A first information report (FIR) has been lodged with the local police by the school authorities and further investigations are on.Anil Pardhi, secretary of the board's Nagpur division, said, \"The invigilator and exam conductor realized that the photo on the I-card seemed doctored. The fake student was then quizzed and cracked under pressure even giving the wrong date of birth. An FIR has been registered but we are yet to receive the details of the FIR but it is obvious that a few people will be involved. The person who was giving the exam and the original student are clearly in connivance but we are waiting for details on the other suspects.\"Earlier, the board had registered an FIR in a copying case in Bhandara but this impersonation case proves that a bigger racket is at work. Taking proactive steps, the Nagpur divisional office had already cancelled admit cards of almost 50 students who had forged signatures while submitting their forms. The students are yet to be apprehended since these cases were detected before the exams began.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12129172", "title": "Range DIGs meet discusses crime situation", "text": "MADURAI: The review meeting to discuss law and order and crime situation in the districts held at the District Police Office, Madurai on Saturday has decided to take stringent measures on rowdy gangs in the region. ADGP, S George presided over the meeting where IG, Rajesh Das (South Zone/Madurai), DIGs, Bala Nagadevi, Madurai Range, Sanjay Kumar , Salem Range, Jeyaram, Coimbatore Range, Sakthivel, Vellore Range, Ramasubramaniam, Ramnad Range, Amalraj, Trichy Range and Thirugnanam, ALGSC participated.According to police sources, primary emphasis was given on the action against organised gangs operating in the state and to check whether they are active. The meeting further discussed safety measures in banks and financial institutions. In a measure to monitor the anti-social elements disguised as migrant construction workers at present, officials were asked to prepare a detailed report on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12129896", "title": "Solar power from cricket stadium to light up Rajkot", "text": "RAJKOT: Other than hosting matches, the Madhavrao Scindia International Cricket Stadium on Race Course Road will be put to another interesting use. In the near future, the stadium's roof will have solar panels installed, which will power nearly 40,000 streetlights that dot Rajkot's roads.Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) has invited international bids for preparing a detailed project report for its 'Solar Power Cricket Stadium.' RMC commissioner Ajay Bhadoo said that proposals have been invited from qualified and experienced consultancy firms and institutes. \"We thought that if the stadium's roof which has a usable area of approximately 5,500 square metres could be converted into a solar panel. The energy thus generated could be used to light up the stadium during the matches as well as the street lights,'' said Bhadoo.Solar power could also help bring down RMC's electricity bill. Presently, the 40,000 street lights consume 10.88 MW electricity per year and the civic body pays for Rs 5 crore as bills, said Alpana Mitra, officer on special duty (OSD), RMC.\"Apart from matches, solar panel could be connected to the grid and it would help us to compensate for the energy used by the street lights,\" said Mitra. The initial project cost is estimated at Rs 30 crore. \"We have initiated an administrative process in this regard and floated an advertisement for the appointment of the consultant for the same. Soon, a project proposal shall be submitted to Gujarat Energy Development Agency (GEDA) and the Union ministry for new and renewable energy, for financial assistance. We will apply under the Clean Energy Fund of Prime Minister's Scheme,'' said a senior RMC official.RMC is also upgrading this international stadium and hoping to host more cricket matches, league matches and club cricket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128294", "title": "Citizens run from pillar to post as Water Board goes slow on billing disputes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Citizens of surrounding circles of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) have been doing rounds of the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) offices for getting their billing disputes resolved for the past two years. Of over 10,000 billing disputes, the Water Board could redress just 2,000 cases in the past two years.The billing disputes came to the fore after the Water Board took over water supply to erstwhile surrounding municipalities in 2009. Though the HMWS&SB; had been supplying water to them earlier, citizens used to pay bills to GHMC. After peripheral areas were merged, GHMC handed over data of customers and their outstanding dues to the Water Board.\"Based on the data submitted by GHMC in 2009, the Water Board has issued bills taking the closing balance as opening balance (with interest on arrears). Once citizens started receiving water bills, they approached us with complaints that despite paying the tariff, it was not getting reflected in bills. The Water Board has asked GHMC to verify the data,\" a senior HMWS&SB; official told STOI.GHMC submitted the data for the second time, but there were discrepancies in it. \"In view of this problem, we have decided to take affidavits from consumers on arrears by organising special 'Praja Vaani' programmes at all the 12 GHMC circles every Monday,\" he said.During Praja Vaani programme, customers having billing disputes were asked to submit previous bills. \"We asked the customers to submit requisitions along with affidavits. Around 10,000 customers submitted their bills and affidavits. So far, we have resolved 2,000 cases,\" the official added.Water Board officials said they were verifying each case, explaining customers the reason for reflection of arrears in bills and interest (18% interest per annum on arrears).\"A decision will be taken soon on waiving interest on arrears and allowing customers to clear dues in installments,\" a senior Water Board official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12127922", "title": "SSC: 3 lakh students appear for Hindi", "text": "MUMBAI: Close to 3 lakh SSC students in the city appeared for the Hindi (and composite Sanskrit) paper on Saturday. While the state board helpline got a host of calls from anxious students, they received no complaints about the paper.\"Someone called to ask about their exam centres, others who had trouble with the hall ticket that they had laminated. We informed them about the procedure to be followed,\" said an official from the board helpline.A total of 155 cases of copying / cheating were reported across the state on Saturday. \"The examination was held smoothly and many students told us that the paper was simple,\" said Sarjerao Jadhav, state board chairperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129540", "title": "It's not just a snap", "text": "Chennai-based photographer Varun Gupta is busy sifting through hundreds of entries submitted by photographers for the 'Week in the Life of Chennai' show being organised as part of the Art Chennai summit. \"We want people to look at photography as art and not just as a way to record events,\" says the documentary and fine art photographer. Selected photos will be displayed at the Tiruvanmiyur MRTS station from March 14.\"A created image is like a painting,\" says Gupta, who has been showing his work since 2007. \"You conceptualise it using space and light just like you would on canvas,\" he says. Photography as art is catching on in the city, with one of India's most famous photographers, Raghu Rai having his first solo show in Chennai two weeks ago.\"It's taken a while for galleries to view photos as art,\" says Rai. Most galleries and collectors here have been slow to catch on to this trend that has been picking up in the last six to eight years in the country. Photographers often conceptualise works and set up shots; some manipulate images digitally, add other images to one photograph and even paint on their photos. \"Fifty years ago, photography was all about handiwork and the quality of the camera you used. Today, it's about creativity. Artists today are multi-skilled - photographers, filmmakers, graphic artists and painters all rolled into one. So they are using all these skills,\" says collector Sanjay Tulsyan.He was a bit sceptical about a photo's value as art. \"I've changed my mind only in the last three years. There are wonderful pieces by people like Gauri Gill and Nandini Valli that are not just photographs but works of art,\" says Tulsyan, who has a partiality for mixed media in photography. Delhi-based Gauri Gill started as a photojournalist, and her documentary photography feeds her fine art photography. Chennai-based Nandini Valli Muthiah does more conceptual work, a trend that is catching on in India.\"The Chennai market is conservative and sceptical,\" says Muthiah. \"Maybe people like to buy photography from galleries in Mumbai and Delhi as more people there know about art photography,\" she says. In Europe and the rest of the world, photographs have been considered art for nearly 40 years. \"Paintings that were commissioned in the 1920s in Europe now have artistic value because of the historicity of the work,\" says Deepak John Mathew, head of the department of photography design, National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad. \"In 20 years, photography is going to be the in thing,\" says Mathew, who started the photo design course in 2008.Sharan Apparao of Apparao Galleries says galleries started getting interested in photography about three years ago. \"This follows international practices where art photography is an accepted form of art.\" Tulsyan says another reason why photography has gained ground is the fact that photographers have started issuing limited prints. \"Artists are careful now. They only release two or three editions of a photograph so that their work becomes exclusive and they can command higher prices,\" he says.Artist Gigi Scaria, who does painting, sculpture, installation, photography and video art, is a little cynical. \"Raghu Rai, Pablo Bartholomew and Dayanita Singh have been doing fine art photography for decades, but the economic boom has put their work in focus. Collectors from abroad started looking to invest here and we, of course, have the habit of aping the West,\" says Scaria, a largely self-taught photographer who manipulates images digitally to express his ideas.Bangalore-based collector Vatsal Poddar says selling photographs is probably not economically sustainable for a gallery. \"The economics is important too. Painting will always have greater market value because it is hard to paint two similar pieces,\" says Poddar, who collects the work of Scaria, Pushpamala and Manjunath Kamath.The fact that photos can be reprinted does take away from their economic value. A good painting by an upcoming artist is not less than Rs 2 lakh, but you can get a good fine art photo for Rs 15,000 to Rs 25,000. \"India's best known photographers Dayanita Singh and Raghu Rai could be compared to Subodh Gupta. He sells for upwards of Rs 10 crore but Singh and Rai charge only upto Rs 5 lakh,\" says Mathew. \"The intellectual contribution of a photographer is as much as a conventional artist.Tulsyan says the originality of the idea in the photograph is what makes it unique. \"Most photos are created. Now artists create photos by mixing techniques so you have to look for what the work speaks,\" he says. \"It will probably take another 10 years for these to be truly recognised as art in India.\"Photo FinishFine art photography ranges from the documentary style, where moments are captured aesthetically, to mixed media work where artists use paint and graphic art over a photo, to social and political commentary.Chennaibased Nandini Valli's work comprises of 'constructed' photographs, one of her more famous being a fully dressed Krishna, who looks divine but could just be a character in a play, sitting despondently in a hotel room. Valli says her work is similar to making a film as it requires planning and production. Delhi-based Gigi Scaria has created sculptures so that he can photograph them in public places. He also snaps daily city life and digitally manipulates the images. In 2010, he traced the route of Gandhi's Dandi march but the photo that resulted was based on a famous statue by D P Roy Chowdhury. \"In the original work everyone is following Gandhi, but I manipulated the image to make the people turn away from him,\" says Scaria. \"It is a comment on presentday political events.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128166", "title": "\u2018Undue influence\u2019 on excise wing", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though the nexus between politicians, liquor syndicate and excise officials has put the state government in a fix, the netas, having interest in liquor trade, continue to put pressure on officials of the prohibition and excise (P&E;) department to close their eyes to maximum retail price (MRP) violations by liquor shop owners.\"Besides politicians, senior officials of the department put undue pressure on the enforcement wing to take violations easy claiming that the crackdown would affect the government's main source of revenue,\" a highly-placed source in the department told STOI.Whenever the P&E; cracks the whip on MRP violators, politicians try to exert their influence on officials and prevent them from taking harsher steps such as closing down shops. \"In the last two months, licences of 22 liquor shops across the state were temporarily suspended for gross violations. But the suspension was revoked after collecting compounding fee, mainly because of political interference. A compounding fee of Rs one lakh was levied to revoke the suspension,'' the source said. It is learnt that only one shop was forced to shut down since its owners had been booked for more than three violations.Due to the ongoing Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) raids on liquor syndicates across the state, there is a substantial change as most liquor shops have fallen in line and started adhering to MRP. In spite of the raids, 167 MRP violation cases were booked by the Enforcement Wing of the P&E; in January and 67 in February.In some districts, the Enforcement officials were found to be targeting only some bars and wine shops while turning a blind eye on select establishments as they either belong to local politicians, other influential persons or they themselves have financial interest in them.\"A Member of Parliament from Karimnagar called up top officials and asked them to go slow against a shop owner who violated MRP. If that is the case, it will become difficult for us to control wine shop owners. In raids on three consecutive days in January, 121 cases were booked against shop owners who violated MRP. However, there are still some who continue to violate MRP norms, but they are only a few,'' the sources added.During raids in the last two months, P&E; officials have been shuffling staff, sending personnel from one district to another, since allegations surfaced that there was a nexus between the liquor syndicate and local enforcement officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12128255", "title": "Students' hunger strike against lack of amenities", "text": "GONDIA: The students staying in Dr Ambedkar Hostel For Backward Students (boys and girls), Gondia have decided to go on an indefinite hunger strike in front of the collectorate from March 5, 2012, for the lack of basis amenities and hygiene in the hostelVaishali Kanekar, president of Girls Hostel Students' Association, alleged that the hostel lacks basic facilities while the hostel warden Ramteke uses vulgar language to abuse the inmates, when they talk about it. She has demanded her to be removed from the hostel.The other complaints of the students are lack of sanitation, sub standard quality and insufficient quantity of linen, polluted drinking water etc. While the hostel had new solar water heater and clean bathrooms, the students said that they were fitted on the same day, as the media was expected to visit. They added that the solar water heater was not working, and that the students living on the third floor have to carry the water manually. \"There are 75 boys and 78 girls in each hostel, but there are only two toilets, which always have a foul smell. The linen is also very dirty and there is a menace of mosquitoes in both the hostels. A new stock of bed sheets has come, but we are still forced to sleep on dirty bed sheets. We have not even received our stipends from last five months,\" the students said.Apart from these, the girl students alleged that Ramteke humiliates them which may affect them mentally. \"She uses such vulgar language that we are scared that some sensitive student might even commit suicide. One such attempt was already made by a boy February 9, but the matter was suppressed,\" one girl student said. The 78 girl students have only 25- 30 beds between them to accommodate themselves, the students added.Sources said that a deputation of youth Congress had met the collector and given him a memorandum in this respect 10 days ago. The students had given a memorandum to the member of central committee for backward communities Thul when he was on visit to Gondia, however, nothing has been done so far.Warden Ramteke said that these issues are only temporary and that the students should pay attention to their studies than indulge in such activities. All efforts to contact the officiating warden WG Warkhade proved futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12127766", "title": "Bihar government woos manufacturers of agriculture tools", "text": "PATNA: The state departments of agriculture and industry are wooing the manufactures of agriculture implements from different states to set up their industries in Bihar.A huge demand for agriculture implements by the farmers is being witnessed at the five-day state level Agro Fair, 2012, organized here with participation of agriculture implements manufacturers of different states including Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Punjab, Gujarat and Jharkhand. About 30,000 farmers are likely to visit the fair to purchase farm equipments for which there is provision of state subsidy on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129755", "title": "Spring of hope?", "text": "As the snow begins to melt in the Himalayas, optimists in India have reason to believe that the first green shoots of a new policy on Jammu &amp; Kashmir may just be taking root.Early indications came from the separatist grouping of the Hurriyat Conference, whose acceptability in Pakistan is in inverse proportion to its thin popularity in the Valley. Invited by Pakistan, a fairly common occurrence, Syed Ali Shah Geelani , Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and company hinted the visit was for Pakistan to \"explain\" their new policy of a\"go-slow\" on Kashmir.The invite coincided with the Pakistan cabinet deciding to liberalize trade with India, moving from a positive trade list to a negative one. Pakistan's path to this decision has been halting and bumpy, but the underlying factors might explain partly why Pakistan could be taking a breather in its \"core\" issue with India.Is this new? Not really. Extremist incidents in J&K; have been steadily declining. They started to come down significantly during the Musharraf-Manmohan bonhomie years (2005-2007). And the past two years have been billed the \"most peaceful\" in over two decades of insurgency in terms of terrorism-related fatalities.It does not mean, for one moment, that Pakistan has given up its very effective instrument of terrorism against India. From 2006, Pakistan's terrorsupport policies changed to include the rest of India - a series of terror attacks were triggered off all over India, the worst being Mumbai's 26/11. Last week's pre-emption of an attack in crowded Delhi markets shows that the Pakistan terror project continues unabated. The only difference is that now Pakistani terror groups like Lashkar-e-Taiba are training and supporting locals. This gives Pakistan's toxic military-intelligence establishment a degree of plausible deniability. Terrorism can continue to be used to bleed India, without the risk of official ties being affected, or international pressure on Pakistan.But crucially, the reduction of terrorrelated incidents in Kashmir is fulfilling one major pre-requisite for India talking Kashmir with Pakistan - \"an atmosphere free of violence.\" Could this, then, presage a resumption in Kashmir talks between India and Pakistan?Difficult to say, really. There is a battle going on inside Pakistan's establishment. According to sources, the civilian government and a part of the army is clearly looking at changing the dynamics of the relationship with India. This is the constituency that is pushing more trade and better ties, and certainly less violence. They look at the fact that in the past few years, while Pakistan has removed many troops from the Indian border to combat roles in their west, India has not taken advantage. The improvements in people-to-people contacts and an assertive media which does not always buy the military line on India have contributed to a more nuanced approach to India.But there remains a core of hardline opinion, within the army and ISI. They continue to support every extremist organisation training its sights on India. A series of targeted killings in J&K; in the past couple of years is a disturbing pointer. Just in 2011, Wahabi priest Maulana Shauqat Shah was murdered, while Fazal Haq Qureshi, who was apparently communicating with New Delhi, was attacked by LeT. Moderate leaders in the Hurriyat, Abdul Majid Dar and Abdul Ghani Lone had also been killed by extremists. A new development in Pakistan, the rise of the Hafiz Saeedled Difa-e-Pakistan, a network of 40-odd jihadi organisations, is cause for renewed danger.So far, though, the moderates appear to be controlling the discourse. This is being reciprocated by India in large dollops. According to the Pakistani narrative, this round of peace initiatives can only actually take off with a prime ministerial visit from India and a couple of big-ticket agreements. In India, Manmohan Singh has been eager to go to Pakistan for ages. His Pakistan policy has been on hold because between violence and a complete lack of political sense, his government is caught in a bind.But he wants to move on Pakistan. S K Lambah, the veteran special envoy has intensified his meetings with his Pakistani counterpart, Riaz Mohammed Khan. General Kayani had virtually disowned the backchannel discussions started by Musharraf , but recent indications are that he may have rolled back some of those reservations. For a PM visit to succeed, both sides have to show victory - India in terms of terror, Pakistan on resolving some outstanding issues. While no one is talking on this issue just yet, it's back on the front-burner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12128880", "title": "Toll in illegal mining incident reaches 10", "text": "VARANASI: The death toll in the landslide at a stone mine in Billi Markundi area in Sonbhadra district rose to 10 as one more body was found during the search operation on Saturday.Sonbhadra SP Mohit Agrawal told TOI over phone that the search operation was started again following the complaint of the kin of victim. For this purpose, a dog squad was also engaged. One more body was found during the search operation, said the SP, adding that there are no other complaints of regarding 'missing labourers'.It may be mentioned here that a landslide incident had occurred at an illegal mine in Billi Markundi area under Obra police station limits in Sonbhadra on February 27. Many labourers working in the stone quarry had got buried under the rocks. The police had lodged an FIR against 16 persons under section 302 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129949", "title": "Call all-party meeting on EVM tampering: Somaiya", "text": "PUNE: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Kirit Somaiya on Friday demanded that the state election commission should conduct an urgent all-party meeting to discuss the alleged tampering of electronic voting machines (EVM) during the recent municipal elections.Somaiya said that there had been many complaints from across party lines that voting machines used in the elections were manipulated, which impacted the results. He also urged the election commission to take note of the presence of agents in Pune and Mumbai who had allegedly approached aspirants with offers to manipulate the EVMs in their favour.He was speaking at an all-party meet organised by the BJP to discuss the issue of EVMs. Workers across party lines expressed concern about the alleged manipulation and voiced their complaints at the meeting.Addressing the gathering, Somaiya said, \"The state election commission should take serious note of the concern expressed by workers of all parties. The observations of the party workers show that the EVMs were tampered with. The results declared at many places were unexpected. Voting trends show that some mischief was played with the machines. Manipulation of voting machines is against democracy; the commission should take immediate steps to address the issue.\"Workers from various parties, including Congress, Nationalist Congress Party, Shiv Sena , BJP and the Republican Party of India, expressed their views on the issue. Many said that they were approached by unknown agents who were ready to hack into the EVMs and manipulate the system so that votes would go in their party's favour. The agents demanded lakhs of rupees from the aspirants in return. All workers said that they turned down the offer, saying that it was against democracy.Somaiya also said that the election commission should take political parties into confidence and initiate steps to improve the election process.BJP city unit president Vikas Mathkari said that a coordination committee with representatives of all parties had been formed. The committee would take up the issue with the local police and state election commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12129327", "title": "Ignited minds share ideas at TED event in city college", "text": "CHENNAI: \"A string of failures leads to success,\" said Ashwin Ramesh, a 21-year old entrepreneur who started his first company at the age of 15. \"Try to fail spectacularly. You don't always need to succeed the normal way.\" Such self-belief and the willingness to take risk was routinely at display at the TEDx event that concluded at KCG College of Technology in Chennai.\"It's the kind of work I would do even if no money was offered,\" said Yuvi Panda, describing his work at Wikimedia Foundation (organisation behind Wikipedia ). He started coding at the age of 9 and lives out of a suitcase these days.There was no dearth of variety. Dharmesh Jadeja, an architect and a calligraphist, felt that writing has almost become obsolete and is trying to revive interest by planning roadshows where he will write on roads. He also attacked the term 'green' buildings. \"These terms have been hijacked. Mukesh Ambani's house 'Antilla' has been termed green. A house in which only 4 people live with 300 servants,\" he said.Uma Prajapati, a fashion designer from NIFT, said her perception of design has changed after working for social causes. \"Design today is not just a form of creative expression. It is a creative solution to social problems,\" she said. \"Such an interaction changes the lives of both the designer and the people for whom the solution is designed.\"Live performances were a dominant form of expression for the speakers. With singer Ujjayinee Roy and guitarist Edward DeGenaro to dancer Anita Ratnam delivering exceptional analysis of their musical performances, the audience were introduced to subtle topics in newer ways.It was only fitting that the event closed with an electronic music performance by 22-year-old Marti Bharath who mesmerised with fresh sounds and a led lights studded uniform which would remind one of Amitabh Bacchan in the song 'Saara Zamana'.Other speakes included photographer Sebastian Cortes, rural startup incubator Paul Basil of Vilgro, director Mansoor Khan, doctor N Kumarasamy and entrepreneur Preetha Pulusani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128639", "title": "Man falls through gap on ITO bridge", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a glaring case of civic apathy, a 28-year-old man fell through a hole on the pedestrian pathway along the ITO Bridge. The incident took place around 9.30pm on Saturday when the man identified as Munna, a security guard for the bridge, was found missing and seemed to have fallen through the gap on the concrete pathway along the bridge for pedestrians and non-motorized vehicles.\"It is unclear if the man fell through the hole or had started to climb down a ladder to reach the lower portion of the bridge. One of the rungs of the ladder is missing, which indicates that he may have slipped while climbing down. We are searching for his body and the rescue operations are on,\" said a senior police officer investigating the case.The incident has brought to light the serious dangers posed to pedestrians on the pathway due to negligence of civic agencies. Lack of proper maintenance by the responsible civic authority has led to several such death traps on the pathway, as concrete slabs are missing on it at regular intervals.Cops said that a similar case had taken place earlier in September last year, when a woman had fallen through the gaps in the railing of the bridge. While the civic agency repaired the grill following the incident, the open gaps on the pathway were summarily neglected.The open gaps are an invitation for similar accidents, as sources said that the gaps along the pathway have not been covered in weeks.While Munna's body could not be recovered till late Saturday night, police said that Munna was inebriated at the time of the incident. \"His brother-in-law, Ghanshyam, who also works with him as a security guard for the bridge maintenance, has told us that he was eating dinner along with Munna. After dinner, Ghanshyam went to get his belongings but when he came back he found Munna missing,\" said a senior police officer.When TOI spoke to Ghanshayam at the spot of the accident, he said, \"When I didn't see him after coming back, I called for him but there was no reply. Before dinner we had inspected the bridge by climbing down the ladder so I went there to look for him. The ladder rung was missing and I immediately alerted the authorities.\" The ladder had been precariously placed against the concrete slabs underneath the hole on the pathway so that the guards could periodically climb down to inspect the bridge. The stretch is unsafe for these guards as well as regular users. Cops said that the chances for Munna's survival appeared bleak after he was missing even two hours after the incident.Following the incident, a long traffic snarl occurred on the bridge that stretched up to the Delhi Secretariat. The stretch was clogged till the time of filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12128811", "title": "Bomb hoax rattles BPO", "text": "GURGAON: The Sushant Lok police have lodged an FIR against an unknown person who had allegedly called up the BPO, Genpact, in Gurgaon and issued a bomb threat that turned out to be a hoax. \"Our cyber cell department carried out the investigations,\" said a senior police officer.According to the police, around 11.50pm on Thursday, a BPO manager called the police control room and lodged a report saying that they have received a bomb threat call. \"The callers told him that a bomb has been kept in the parking area of the BPO, which is in the basement, and that it will blow off within 20 minutes. When he asked him his name, the caller disconnected the call,\" a police offer said.Following this call, a team comprising policemen, CIA, fire brigade, bomb squad and dog squad reached the Genpact BPO after midnight. The police investigated after evacuating the BPO and found that it was a hoax call.On Saturday, the Sushant Lok police lodged an FIR against unknown persons on the basis of the statement by Jitendra Singh , security officer of Genpact BPO building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12128640", "title": "Iraqi artiste to perform in city today", "text": "BHOPAL: Grammy nominee Rahim Alhaj will perform in 'Ancient Sounds' a collaborative concert with sarod players Amaan Ali Khan and Ayaan Ali Khan, the first event of the Indian Council for Cultural Relations ( ICCR) in Bhopal on Sunday.Having performed the world over, Iraq-born artiste would play the Oud - considered the mother of all string instruments. After Mumbai, New Delhi and Kolkata, Bhopal will be the last of the four cities in India where Alhaj will perform.\"India to me means languages, music, religions and civilization,\" said Alhaj on his second visit to India, the first was in 1989.Having already played with their father Amjad Ali Khan, Iraqi artiste Alhaj says he has grown up listening to a lot of music by Pt Ravi Shankar and Zakir Hussain. \"Indian music helped me strength during the days of turmoil in my country,\" he added. Alhaj was imprisoned for political activism by the Saddam regime.\"My message of music has changed. It's about plight of the women and children,\" he added, moved as he is by the displacement of over 4 million of his fellow Iraqis.Playing the ancient instrument, which he learnt when he was seven, Alhaj was nominated for the Grammy twice - 'When the soul is settled - music of Iraq' and the duet with Amjad Ali Khan 'Ancient Sounds'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12129993", "title": "Blast at Congress candidate\u2019s Imphal home on repoll eve", "text": "IMPHAL: A day before hills go to repoll on Sunday in 67 polling stations in the five hill districts, suspected rebels triggered an explosion at the residence of Congress candidate Elangbam Chand Singh at Wangkhei Yonglan Leirak in Imphal on Saturday. No one was injured in the blast. Wangkhei falls under the prestigious Yaiskul constituency in Imphal East . The fresh repoll will be held under nine constituencies in the hills. Besides Chandel, other four hill districts of Senapati, Churachandpur, Tamenglong and Ukhrul will go for Sunday's repoll.Though the motive behind the attack is yet to be ascertained, the 'CorCom', an apex body of seven underground groups in Manipur, has imposed an indefinite ban on the ruling Congress. It has also launched attacked on several residences of the party's candidates and workers in the state. The CorCom had said that the ban was imposed to denounce the Okram Ibobi Singh-led party's stance against the people and the revolutionary movement.Saturday's bomb attack came a day after militants hurled two grenades at the residence of W Birbal, Gram Panchayat Pradhan of Uchekon in Imphal East. The grenades, however, did not explode.In another development, returning officer (Chandel) has suspended five poll personnel for avoiding repoll duty, officials said.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132848", "title": "Amit's big transition", "text": "Theatre artist Amit is kicked about his foray into Kollywood. After having directed more than 25 plays for one of the famous theatre groups in the city, Amit will now be seen essaying the lead in director Ravi Perumal's Sattendru Maaruthu Vaanilai.Talking about his character in the film, Amit says, \"My role is that of a playboy, but he means no harm to those around him. He likes having his share of fun, but is also careful that he shouldn't hurt others. His approach towards love is comical, only until he falls truly in love.\"The film, a triangular love story, has Sanjay (of Thaandavakone fame) and Rose Minta in the lead. \"Nasser plays an important role in the film,\" he adds.Ask Amit how the transition from stage to the big screen has been, and he says, \"In a play, I act for the audience, and in a film, I perform for the camera. At the end of the day, you just need skills to back up a solid character. I do the same kind of homework for both plays and films. But while acting on the stage, you have to exaggerate your slightest of emotions so the audience seated at a distance can relate to your character. But, in a movie, 'underplay' is the buzz word.\"He adds with a laugh, \"I've been in theatres for eight years, and at the risk of sounding conceited, I can say that acting comes naturally. But, it's a little hilarious when I fight or cry during the first half of the day and flirt and laugh in the next when shooting for a film! There's no continuity or connection there, but it's quite challenging.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129210", "title": "Be ready to pay if you delay cases: High court", "text": "Blaming \"delinquent litigants\" and their lawyers for delayed justice, the Bombay High Court has suggested that they should be \"penalized heavily if delays in disposal hav e to be solved\".Justice V M Kanade said \"justice is on the verge of collapse with 30 million cases clogging courts\" even as he called for lawyers to be more conscientious. \"The time has come for lawyers... to discourage litigants who advise them to adopt delaying tactics,\" said the judge while dismissing an application for restoration of a second appeal from a suit that first went to court in 1994. The court came down heavily on the litigant for repeatedly using delaying tactics and making false statements to keep his appeal alive, in the process, depriving a senior citizen of enjoying the \"fruit of a decree in her favour\" for two decades.According to Justice Kanade, heavy costs must be imposed on litigants who cause delay in every court from the lowest to the highest. \"Only when this message reaches all litigants and their advocates will they restrain themselves from adopting delaying tactics.\"In the order passed on Friday, the judge said it was fit to initiate action for perjury and raising a false plea, but he stopped at imposing Rs 5,000 as costs on applicants Nagesh Potdar and another person.The judge said with so many \"second appeals\" pending, it was often \"one party who is interested in protracting the proceedings to ensure that the possession of a property remains with them or money is not repaid (as directed by a lower court). \"Such party uses every trick in the book to ensure that the litigant successful in the lower court does not get justice,\" he said. \"The proverb 'justice delayed is justice denied' is proved as it is denied to the poorest of the poor.\" \"Delayed decisions, piled up files and indefinitely extending project never serve their purpose and were the real road blocks to development of any state or nation.\"Potdar had challenged a 2002 Kolhapur district court judgment that had confirmed a lower court decision of 2000 in a dispute over partition of property. When the HC admitted his second appeal in 2004, it stayed the original decree against him and the property stayed with him. In 2009, HC found the appellant did not complete paper work and dismissed his plea, but restored it in 2011. When Potdar's lawyers did not appear twice, the appeal was dismissed in June. He again sought restoration of plea, saying it cannot be dismissed without being heard.Potdar's lawyer said he had no instruction from his client to appear as lawyers had been changed. But the other side, an old woman, claimed \"lawyers was deliberately changed to delay matters and ensure that the decree could not be executed.\"To ensure that no injustice was done to the appellant, the HC asked his advocate to make submissions but he declined as \"he was not ready\". Thus the court said it had given an opportunity to hear both sides but could not adjourn again as the matter \"would be pending indefinitely.\" \"I am told that second pleas for final hearing did not reach, and so, the applicant's intention of protracting the appeal would have been successful,\" the HC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12128577", "title": "Three posing as tax agents held in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore rural district police have arrested three persons who were acting as agents of commercial tax officers, manning Attibele sales tax checkpost on Friday night. Attibele police registered a case of robbery against the three after they were found fleecing truck drivers, collecting taxes from them, but producing receipts showing amounts lower than what's collected.Police said Puttaswamy, Krishnappa and Manjunath used to act as the staff and fleece truckers by demanding stipulated sales tax.\"Part of the money used to be shared with staff members manning the check post,\" police said. Probe is on to see if the staff is involved, since the three agents who are caught were working at the checkpost for past 20 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128187", "title": "Name game: Locals get a short shrift", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), in a rare display of cultural awareness has resolved to associate a number of city streets with noted personalities who enriched society with their immense contributions in the fields of creative and performing arts.The names of classical music maestros like Ustad Bismillah Khan and Pt Bhimsen Joshi along with that of famed poet Kaifi Azmi will now grace the boulevards of Hyderabad.Although welcome, the action to be a rather pathetic attempt at emancipation by a people long subject to cultural suppression. This choice of readily identifiable national icons without any regard as to their relevance regionally, by representatives of local self government who are either unaware of their own heritage or unable to break away from hegemonic shackles of the dominant culture, is indicative of the docile submission to cultural imperialism which has been a hallmark of our elected representatives. While individual greatness of each one of the chosen illustrious personalities can brook no debate, the grounds and criteria for selection are most certainly questionable.Among the veritable galaxy of artists and litterateurs who have commanded immense respect and popularity in the city one finds the likes of Pandit Jasraj, his father Pt. Motiram and Shankari Bai (all vocalists), renowned Qawwal Aziz Ahmed Khan Warsi, the legendary percussionist Ustad Shaik Dawood, poets Mulla Wajhi, Dagh Dehlvi, and Maharaja Kishen Pershad 'Shad' to name just a few. There is hence no dearth of our very own eminent local personalities who remain unsung and deserve to be suitably commemorated. Unfortunately our elected representatives, who are charged with the duty of administering our metropolis, have no clue as to the existence of these illustrious icons who have collectively given definition to the unique Hyderabadi ethos. The choice of honoring individuals who have no direct association with the city is thus a tacit admission that there are none of equal stature among our very own cultural stalwarts who deserve equal respect - an implication which is bound to rankle every self respecting resident of Hyderabad.The announcement also triggers memories of the controversial Ghalib centenary celebrations organized by the Government of India, an event which drew flak from intellectuals all over the country. The celebrations held in 1968, ostensibly to commemorate the renowned bard of Delhi, Mirza Ghalib, came at a time when sustained persecution by the state had reached a peak resulting in curtailment of the rights of the Urdu speaking population. Reacting strongly at the obvious political overtones of the proposal, outspoken poet and lyricist Sahir Ludhiyanvi thundered - Ye jashn ye hangama dilchasp khilone hain/ Kuch logon ki koshish hai kuch log bahel jaaen// Jo waada-e farad per ab tal nahin sakte hain/ Mumkin hai ki kuch arsa is jashn pay tal jaaen (these celebration, these jubilations are is interesting diversions / Attempts of some to placate the rankled // For those who can no longer be put off on promises of a rosy future / May as yet be mollified for a while longer).At Hyderabad even such token concessions have never been considered necessary by administrations supremely confident in the improbability of citizens to ever demand their basic right of participation as stake holders. As a result even on the rare occasion when a cultural icon of Hyderabad has been granted recognition, the choice has invariably rested in the hands of individuals who had no inkling of either the intricacies of local culture or the desires and aspirations of citizens. It is thus all the more distressing to note that when given an opportunity to decide, our duly elected representatives failed miserably in discharging their duty in not acknowledging the contributions of 'sons of the soil'. Some may find solace in the fact that at least a son-in-law (Kaifi Azmi) if not a son of Hyderabad is included among the otherwise alien notables declared worthy of being commemorated by the city. But then even the famously charitable Hyderabadi sasur would balk at the prospect of surrendering his identity - especially to a non-mulki daamad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12131844", "title": "Family of road mishap victim awarded Rs 47 lakh compensation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The family members of a Tata group firm executive, crushed to death by a rashly-driven DTC bus in 2009, has been awarded a compensation of over Rs 47 lakh by a road mishap tribunal.The Motor Accident Claims Tribunal (MACT) asked the United India Insurance Company Ltd, which had insured the offending bus, to pay Rs 47,47,400 to the wife, two minor kids and the parents of Ajay Veshin, who died in the accident.\"There is nothing on record to dispel the inference that deceased Ajay Veshin died on account of injuries sustained by him in a road accident which occurred on April 6, 2009 because of rash and negligent driving of the vehicle being driven by its driver (Vikas),\" MACT presiding officer Arvind Kumar said.\"Respondent No. 3 (insurance company) is hereby directed to pay a compensation of Rs 47,47,400 inclusive of the interim compensation, within one month to the petitioners (Veshin's family),\" the court said.The accident took place on April 6, 2009 when Veshin was going on his scooter towards Seemapuri area in northeast Delhi. When he reached near Surya Nagar, the speeding DTC bus hit him from behind.Due to the impact, Noida resident Veshin fell down and came under the wheels of the bus. He was taken to a nearby hospital where he succumbed to his injuries.According to Veshin's family, the 45-year-old man was working as area project manager with Tata group firm Voltas Ltd and was earning Rs 32,295 per month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12133059", "title": "MHA affidavit in SC supports decriminalisation of gay sex", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Home Ministry has filed a formal affidavit in the Supreme Court, coming in support of decriminalisation of gay sex among consenting adults saying the decision was taken as early as July 2009 by a GoM comprising Union ministers of Home, Law and Family Welfare.The affidavit comes in the backdrop of the rebuke of the Centre by the apex court on February 28 and earlier hearing for taking contrary stance on the issue.On February 28, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya told Additional Solicitor General Mohan Jain not to make \"mockery\" of the system by adopting contradicting stance on the issue after the counsel submitted that there is \"no legal error\" in the Delhi High Court verdict which had decriminalised gay sex in 2009.The stand taken by Jain, appearing for the Union Health Ministry, was contrary to the argument by Additional Solicitor General P P Malhotra, who had opposed decriminalisation of gay sex on behalf of the Home Ministry.In an affidavit filed by Union Home Secretary R K Singh it was submitted that the GoM in their meeting held on July 28, 2009 recommended to the Cabinet that the following view may be submitted by the Government before the Supreme Court.\"The high court has not struck down the entire Section 377 IPC. The high court has interpreted Section 377 IPC and read down this section so that the section is consistent with Articles 14, I 5 and 2 I of the Constitution.\"The correctness of the judgement has been questioned in an appeal before the Supreme Court.\"The government may submit before the Supreme Court that there does not appear to be any legal error in the judgement and the Supreme Court may take a final view 'whether the judgement of the high court is legally correct or not',\" the affidavit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129800", "title": "New FOB at Pune station may not come up this year", "text": "PUNE: The plan to build a new foot-over-bridge (FOB) at the Pune station may not materialize this year because the railway administration says they do not have funds for the project.General manager of Central Railway S K Jain had said during his recent visit to Pune that the new FOB would come up between platform number one and three.\"Most long-distance trains operate from platform number one, two and three. There is a plan to construct an FOB between platform number one and three at the Solapur Road end. This will benefit passengers entering from the main gate. Since the proposal has come up only recently, no funds have been allocated for it in the current budget,\" said an official.Sources in the railways said the FOB can be constructed from local funds and hence there is no need for a sanction from the head office. \"The funds can be made available in the division-level budget,\" said a source.The demand for an extra FOB has been pending for long because of over-crowding, especially during peak hours. The railway administration constructed an FOB at the Mumbai end of the Pune station a few years back, but the passengers rarely use that bridge as it lands between platform number one and six, and fails to provide a direct exit. \"Stampede-like situations are seen several times on the main FOB. The administration needs to take immediate steps to reduce over-crowding,\" said Anil Kund, a frequent traveler.Amruta Bhide, who is a student, said, \"The main FOB is also used by the local residents to cross the station. The administration should construct a separate bridge for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12129763", "title": "Reel Naitik bowls over everybody with humility", "text": "LUDHIANA: All visitors to the exhibition in Park Plaza were in for a pleasant surprise to see the main lead of a famous daily soap on television, Karan Mehra, who is playing the character of \"Naitik\", checking out the exhibition. All the women went crazy to have a glimpse of the star, whom they had till now seen only on the small screen.A humble on-screen Naitik did not refuse anyone for the photograph, even though the requests were many. Along with him, Bollywood actress Nisha Rawal was also there.Resident of SBS Nagar, Gia Mangla, a fashion designer, said she was a participant in the exhibition and was surprised when suddenly Karan appeared as a customer and asked her about the collection. Within no time, she recognized him and asked for a photograph, for which he readily agreed.Resident of Tagore Nagar, Swati Taneja said she came for shopping and ended up meeting the actor. \"I heard girls whispering that a star is here. When I saw Karan, I immediately went to meet him and got a photograph done.Nidhi Khanna of Tagore Nagar said she was on top of the world, as she had never expected that the one whom she sees daily on the small screen would visit an exhibition in city.For resident of Agar Nagar, Suman Sharma, it was unbelievable that Karan was here. He looked even more handsome than in the serial, she added.Karan was born in Jalandhar but the family moved to the Delhi when he was small. A fashion designer, he said during childhood, he often used to come to Ludhiana as some of his relatives stay here. He still remembers that whenever he used to go to Vaishno Devi in Jammu with his relatives and family, they used to visit Ludhiana first and then move towards Jammu.\"Though I am a dad in reel life, in real life I am single and ready to mingle next year,\" he said. He said his ultimate aim is to work in a Hollywood film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127917", "title": "Japanese design exhibition at NID", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Japanese design exhibition called 'Japanese Design Today 100' has begun at National Institute of Design (NID). On Friday, Pradyumna Vyas, NID director, inaugurated the event brought to the city by Japan Foundation.The collection that reflects the essence of Japanese design from the post-war period until now will be on display till March 11.\"The value of design is yet to be recognized in India. So, we took this initiative to help the design fraternity in the country to sensitize people and create awareness. The idea is to show the good design products of our country so that people here get more understanding of it. Good design can help make life of the people easier and better,\" said Yusuke Matsuoaka, director, arts and cultural exchange at Japan Foundation in New Delhi. tnn\"Only few people can buy art pieces, but products with good design are like art which could serve a huge population,\" said Matsuoaka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128595", "title": "Meet to discuss disabled fliers' concerns", "text": "NEW DELHI: The civil aviation ministry has accepted that airlines are not following rules laid down for treatment of differently-abled fliers. Nasim Zaidi, secretary, civil aviation ministry, has issued directives for a meeting to be held with airlines and all stakeholders in which concerns raised by Disabled Rights Group (DRG) will be addressed.\"The ministry is concerned about the alleged violations of passengers and non-adherence to regulatory framework. I have directed joint secretary G Asok Kumar to convene a meeting and discuss these issues. We will take all possible steps not only to ensure compliance of regulatory framework but if need arises we will strengthen it further,\" said Zaidi.Senior officials of the ministry said an increasing number of violations were coming to light but since there was no punitive action prescribed for them, nothing has been done so far. \"We expected that airlines would follow the rules laid out Directorate General of Civil Aviation and not need supervision. DGCA has an elaborate set of guidelines and rules regarding differently-abled fliers that were drawn up when the first case of a disabled being harassed by an airline came to light. However, it seems that airlines are still not serious about this matter. It has to be impressed upon them that such behaviour will not be tolerated by the government,\" said a senior official.Javed Abidi, DRG convenor, had written to the ministry after two cases of harassment were reported in quick succession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12130063", "title": "Cops acted only after CM's rap", "text": "BANGALORE: Was it the chief minister's directive which spurred the police into action against hooliganism unleashed by advocates at the City Civil Court complex on Friday?Sources in the home department said that chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda was upset at police standing mute spectators when the mayhem unfolded and later afternoon ordered city police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji to immediately act against the advocates.An intelligence report had already warned the state government and police there would be trouble when the Central Bureau Investigation (CBI) produced former minister Janardhan Reddy in the CBI court here on Friday. \"The police did not anticipate trouble of such magnitude and that mediapersons would be singled out and targeted. There were also reports that goons from Bellary, Reddy's hometown, would also land up here to show their support for him. It was only when mediapersons alerted the chief minister about the large-scale violence did he slam police to deal firmly with the lawyers,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12128808", "title": "Mining activity halts for polling day", "text": "PANAJI: The drone of mining machinery went silent and red clouds of dust settled in Goa's mining belt on Saturday to make way for the state general assembly polls. Watchmen were seen idling away time outside mines as the election commission issued orders banning mining traffic from plying in the mining belt for two days to ensure 'smooth polling.' There were no queues of trucks snailing with mining produce on their backs on the eve of polling and polling day itself.\"Over 10,000 trucks that transport mining produce are lying idle. It will translate into a loss of 10 to 15 crore worth of business. All those who work in mining related businesses like barge owners are also without work for these two days due to polling,\" said All Goa Mining Truck Owners Association head Nilkanth Gauns.The Sunday following the polling day has only extended the closure of mining activity for the week. \"On Sundays usually the mining activity is shut. With the order asking mining traffic not to ply, no extraction and other mining activity will take place for three days,\" Gauns said.A South Goa mine owner said that the loss to the mining industry was relatively low as the activity is presently not in full swing because of the recent crackdown on illegal extraction. The smaller beneficiaries of the mining industry, though, see the three-day closure of mining traffic as further damage during an already tough time.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128514", "title": "DMRC floats tender to buy 500 coaches", "text": "NEW DELHI: After putting work of its ambitious Phase-III on the fast track, Delhi Metro has floated global tenders to procure nearly 500 train coaches that will be faster and less noisier than the existing ones.A tender for design, manufacture, supply, testing, commissioning and training of 486 standard gauge coaches for the Phase-III has been floated by the DMRC recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128698", "title": "NCTC: After states\u2019 opposition, home ministry defers meet to March 12", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with stiff opposition from states, the home ministry has postponed a crucial meeting of the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) scheduled for March 9 to 12.The meeting of state representatives - chief secretaries, home secretaries, police chiefs and anti-terror squads - is expected to find a way out of the logjam.Home ministry officials said the decision to reschedule the conference to March 12 has been taken following requests from several states that due to Holi and a long week-end, many of the officials would not be able to attend the meeting. Some of them also conveyed their inability to attend the meeting on March 9 citing the short notice given to them and pre-scheduled engagements.In the wake of strong protests by non-Congress CMs, the Centre put on hold NCTC's operationalization from March 1 and decided to discuss with the state governments before going ahead with the plan.In his letter to 10 CMs, Union home minister P Chidambaram had assured that the \"next steps\" on the NCTC will be taken only after the meeting of the top states' officials.Ministry officials are expected to allay the apprehensions of the states that said empowering NCTC with Section 43 (A) of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act would infringe on their powers. Section 43(A) of UA(P)A gives an officer power to arrest and search.Chidambaram had said the powers conferred under Section 43(A) of the UA(P) Act must be read with the duty under Section 43 (B) to produce the person or article without unnecessary delay before the nearest police station (which will be under the state government), and the SHO of the police station will take further action in accordance with the provisions of the CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12137597", "title": "Flimsy shelter for Ravenshaw girls", "text": "CUTTACK: Ravenshaw University's oldest women's hostel Daya, which celebrated its golden jubilee last month, is plagued by a plethora of problems, including security concerns.Established in 1961, the hostel had many boarders, who are now eminent personalities in state. Writer Prativa Ray, educationists Bijaya Mishra, Kasturi Chhotray, Agasti Kanungo were among the ex-boarders of the hostel.The 27 rooms in the three storey building of the five-decade-old hostel were built to accommodate 78 students. However, there are now 240 inmates staying in the hostel, six girls sharing one room on an average. \"With six girls in one room, there is no space to study and there is no privacy at all. It is really difficult to stay in these overcrowded rooms but I have to adjust here as I cannot afford a private hostel,\" said Swati, a boarder.The hostellers also complained of shortage of toilets and unpalatable food. \"The quality of food provided in the hostel is not good but we can't complain much about it as they charge a very nominal price of Rs 11 from us per meal,\" said Sasmita, another boarder of the hostel.If shortage of space and bad food was not enough to contend with in the hostel meant for undergraduate students, lack of basic infrastructure like library, common room, sports room, crumbling walls, doors and windows add to the boarders' woes. The boarders said the hostel had a library and a common room earlier, but due to shortage of space, these two large rooms were converted into dormitories to accommodate more girls.All these inconveniences pale, however, in the face of lack of safety on the hostel premises. Miscreants have been regularly intruding into the girl's hostel, creating panic among boarders. In the past one month, three such incidents have taken place. On the night of February 13, a miscreant had managed to enter the hostel and was going up the staircase when the girls saw him, raised an alarm and caught him. The miscreant was handed over to police but what completely shocked the girls out of their wits was that an acid bottle and a few iron rods were recovered from him. Subsequently, on February 23 and February 27, the incident was repeated. Miscreants intruded into the ladies hostel but were caught by the girls and the hostel staff. This time iron cutters and some sharp-edged iron rods were recovered from the anti-socials. Terrified and angry boarders of the hostel had staged an agitation in the varsity, demanding to tighten the security of the hostel.\"We were shocked to see the acid bottle and iron cutters that were recovered from the miscreants. Luckily, they did not manage to hurt any girl but what if they had succeeded in doing so. After the first incident we had brought the matter to the notice of the university authorities but no concrete steps were taken to ensure security of the hostel and the incident was repeated,\" said Prabuddha Mukherjee, general secretary of the hostel. The hostellers said the miscreants managed to enter the hostel by jumping the compound wall. The condition of the windows and doors is so dilapidated that anyone can easily break them, they added.Ravenshaw officials, however, claimed they have initiated steps to strengthen the security at the hostel on the varsity campus. \"We have taken enough measures to ensure the security of the ladies hostels. Six security guards have been deployed in the hostel to keep vigil. Construction work is being carried out to increase the height of the compound wall in order to restrict the entry of miscreants. Doors and windows are also being repaired,\" said Rita Paikray, superintendent of the hostel.The university authorities confessed to the problems of girl students. \"In the past few years, the number of girl students in the varsity has increased manifold but we don't have adequate number of hostels for them. So the women hostels have become overcrowded. But all the problems will be resolved as two new hostels will be constructed on the varsity campus very soon,\" said Smarapriya Mishra, registrar of the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12130340", "title": "Reshuffle in Tibetan administration aimed at better functioning", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Central Tibetan Administration-in-exile has witnessed a major secretary-level reshuffle, reportedly with a view to infuse efficiency in routine affairs.According to sources, this may be due to concern among Tibetan administration authorities that time has come for a stocktaking over CTA's functioning. For, despite nine rounds of meetings after the resumption of dialogue between Chinese leadership and Tibetan administration-in-exile, these have failed to produce any tangible result, they said.Also, the Tibetan spiritual head, the Dalai Lama, is now in his late 70s and similar is the case with some other key exiled Tibetan leaders. Samdhong Rinpoche, one of the highest-ranking members of CTA, is also in his late 70s.After Harvard scholar Dr Lobsang Sangay, youngest Tibetan Prime Minister-in-exile, has taken charge in August last year, this is the first major restructuring at the highest administrative level of CTA.Said a source, \"There was a major reshuffle of secretaries in the administration. Since taking charge, Sangay might have been considering some changes. There was also a thinking in the administration that if somebody is good in a particular field, he should be shifted there accordingly. The reshuffle is perhaps the result of this.\"According to sources, Wangchuk Phasur, former secretary of department of health has now been appointed secretary (security) in the department of security effective Monday.Trinlay Gyatso, former representative, Bureau of His Holiness the Dalai Lama in Nepal , now known as the Tibetan Refugee Welfare Office, will assume office as secretary of the department of finance from April 2. Set up in 1969, the department's functions include raising revenue for the CTA and prepare, execute and control its annual budget.Sources also said that former additional secretary of the department of information and international relations has replaced Thubten Samphel as information secretary of CTA, who is now heading the newly formed Tibet Policy Institute.Also, Tashi Gyatso, former additional secretary of Tibetan parliament-in-exile has taken over as secretary of Tibetan Supreme Justice Commission, the highest judicial organ under CTA, sources said.In addition, there were about six more secretaries of different departments who have been appointed to other departments or changed locations, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12128982", "title": "Vaigai dam set to get 6 crore facelift", "text": "MADURAI: The inspection to study the feasibility for the Rs six crore beautification and development project of the Vaigai dam was carried out by officials of the department of tourism, Theni district collector and PWD on Saturday.The Vaigai dam is one of the famous tourist destinations of south Tamil Nadu , having an annual tourist flow of three lakh persons including 18,000 foreigners. Work on the dam started in the year 1954 and was completed in the year 1959 at a cost of Rs 3.30 crore. Situated at 282.245 meters above sea level, it also has a musical fountain, park and toy train which are maintained annually.The Rs 6 crore project for the beautification of the dam site, includes a fountain, park, lawns, relaying of walks, car parking facilities, parapet walls and a model of the dam on the left bank. In addition, under this new project, the right bank of the dam is expected to be given a facelift with a children's park, aquarium, food courts and also benches for sitting. It also envisages creation of an eco park and artificial ponds for introducing paddling boats as another attraction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "calvim", "code": "12129069", "title": "Hurt Calvim's voice will be heard on March 6", "text": "CALVIM: There's no beating of drums here about who they will support. Despite the tragedy in which six persons lost their lives on February 18 and the anti-incumbency against MLA Dayanand Narvekar growing shriller, Calvim is peaceful and tight-lipped about its mandate. Residents, instead, are shocked and angry about how the entire incident has been given political colour and are determined that their campaign for justice will remain a people's movement. \"We initially decided to boycott the polls. But, then we thought, why should we deny people of their voting rights? Let the people vote and choose a good candidate. Calvim has 445 voters and there has been good voter response today,\" says Calvim panchayat member Freddy Pontes.Calvim residents said that they are aware that people are out to misuse their campaign to settle political scores. \"On the day of the incident, people from places - other than Calvim - stood at the ferry point and shouted slogans demanding a bridge, instead of helping with rescue operations to save lives,\" said James Gracias, uncle of deceased student Nagle Gracias. \"I just want a fair and proper inquiry into the incident. It doesn't matter who the MLA will be. We just want justice,\" adds Ubento Fernandes, president of St Thomas Sports Club, Calvim. The 'Forum for justice to victims of the Calvim tragedy' headed by Savio Figueiredo has commenced a signature campaign for the cause. \"The Calvim residents have support from people living in Aldona as well. The families of some of the deceased are poor and people are coming forward for this cause,\" Figueiredo said.\"We will wait for the magisterial inquiry report to be made public and will decide our course of action after that,\" Pontes added.Sitting outside his temporary residence opposite the St Sebastian church, parish priest Fr Anand Gama Pais said that the loss of innocent lives should be given respect. \"People -not from Calvim - tell me, \"Father, if we feel so much for the loss of lives, how much more are the people living on the island going through? I just want justice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12129235", "title": "Accident victim succumbs", "text": "PANAJI: Four days after he met with an accident at Caranzalem, a scooterist died of injuries. Police said that Sahil Bhatacharya, was hit by a motorcyclist near Tonca.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12128468", "title": "Clarification: Blast victim fights govt apathy", "text": "This is with reference to the report, 'Blast victim fights govt apathy, yet to get limb', carried in the TOI edition dated January 11, 2012. The report presents our NGO, Ishwar, in a poor light with the victim, Vipin Kumar Gautam, using the word inferior while referring to the artificial limbs provided by our organization. We wish to point out that Ishwar has been in existence since 1995 and has, to date, fitted hundreds of artificial limbs and limb supports. These are state-of-the-art, modular and endoskeletal limbs with thermoplastic sockets using latest fabrication techniques. They are lightweight and biomechanically sound and allow normal gait. These are far superior to the heavy conventional systems.Brig V K Bajaj, vice-president, Ishwar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12129211", "title": "Varun Gandhi\u2019s \u201855 CM cadidates in UP\u2019 remark riles Nitin Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP MP Varun Gandhi's comment of \"55 chief ministerial\" candidates in Uttar Pradesh has displeased party president Nitin Gadkari , who said that he had taken \"cognizance\" of the remark.Pilibhit MP Varun Gandhi , who stayed away from campaigning in the UP polls, had said last week that BJP had 55 chief ministerial candidates.Speaking to women journalists at the IWPC here, Gadkari said, the comment was not \"right\" and he objected to leaders making such casual statements.\"What he said, was not right, though he later gave a clarification,\" Gadkari said talking to women reporters.Asked repeatedly if BJP would take any action against the young MP, Gadkari said: \"I have taken cognizance of the comment.\"\"What he said was not right. I have been worried about party members' indulging in making such statements. I have taken cognizance of the incident,\" Gadkari reiterated on the issue.According to sources, the BJP chief as well as other senior party leaders have taken the issue seriously and might ask Varun to explain why he made such a statement, even as he was made to refute it through a written statement. The party leadership will wait for UP results before taking a call on whether to take further action on Varun, it is learnt.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129813", "title": "Army chief calls for better infrastructure at NDA", "text": "PUNE: Army chief General V K Singh has called for a renewed focus on development of training and allied infrastructure on the campus of the National Defence Academy at Khadakwasla.Gen Singh on Saturday visited the prestigious academy, known as the 'Cradle of Defence Services', to inaugurate the newly-raised pre-fabricated shelters for two of the three new squadrons at the academy.The army chief also held discussions with the NDA's top bosses regarding various aspects of training, re-organisation of squadrons and other infrastructure development issues. The NDA was initially established to accommodate and train 1,500 cadets, whereas, it is presently training more than 2,000 cadets, including 68 cadets from friendly countries.The need for reorganising squadrons was felt owing to the increased number of cadets and a further expected rise in these numbers. The reorganisation process has been undertaken to improve command and control, provide for close supervision of training and better administration.Starting Spring Term 2012, which began in January this year, the NDA has added three new squadrons - Panther, Quebec and Romeo - to the existing 15 squadrons that are named alphabetically from 'A' to 'O'. Each squadron comprises 120-odd cadets.The NDA has four battalions, each housing four squadrons. As such, the Panther squadron was accommodated in the fourth battalion, while the construction of a permanent complex for the fifth battalion has been planned. The Quebec and Romeo squadrons will be housed in this proposed complex. The pre-fabricated shelters, located near the Military Hospital on the campus, are part of a temporary arrangement till the new complex for the fifth battalion is ready.Earlier, Gen Singh, who is an alumnus of the 36th NDA course Hunter squadron, arrived at the Lohegaon air base on Saturday morning and drove straight to the NDA campus. He was accompanied by his wife, Bharati, who is president of the Central Army Wives Welfare Association.At the academy, the army chief was received by NDA commandant Lt Gen Jatinder Singh. The army chief also took a tour of the sprawling NDA campus before leaving for New Delhi.Meanwhile, Bharati Singh visited the family welfare centre and the Asha school on the campus and interacted with the children there. Harjit Kaur, the first lady of the NDA, briefed Singh about the various welfare activities being undertaken at the academy for the civil and military staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127725", "title": "Poll for 4 Gujarat RS members on March 30?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The election of four Rajya Sabha members will be held on March 30. The members whose term end on April 2 include BJP Rajya Sabha member and Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley, Vijay Rupani, Kanjibhai Patel and Congress member Pravinchadra Rastrapal.It was in August last year that the election for the three Rajya Sabha members was held. Ahmed Patel, political secretary to Congress President Sonia Gandhi along with BJP leader and TV actor Smriti Irani and veteran party worker Dileep Pandya from Banaskantha district were given the Rajya Sabha membership. Elections were necessitated as terms of Patel and BJP MPs Surendra Patel and Pravin Nayak.The elections commission on Saturday announced the dates for the elections. The notification for the same would be printed on March 12. The last date for filing of nominations is March 19 while that for withdrawal is March 22. Polling would be held on March 30.Sources in the Congress said that there was all possibility that Rastrapal may be replaced by the party. Meanwhile sources in the BJP also said that barring Arun Jaitley the remaining two would be replaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12129071", "title": "6-year-old boy's killer arrested", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police have finally succeeded in nabbing the man behind the kidnapping and murder of a six-year-old boy, whose body was found on Friday evening in Thakurganj police station area.The accused identified as Kamal Kishore, is a distant cousin of the boy Shubham. DIG DK Thakur talking to TOI confirmed that Kamal had been arrested and the mobile used by him to make calls to Shubham's father WLL phone seized.Earlier, in the day, the police were of the view that the killer of the boy must be some known person. Their reasoning was based on the fact that the number of WLL on which the call was made was known to a few handful people only. Finally, the police were able to zero in on Kamal Kishore, who lives a few houses away from Rajaram Tiwari's house at Rastogi Nagar.The sequence of events started on Thursday evening when Omkar Tewari alias Shubham (6) was playing outside his house in Rastogi Nagar Colony of Balaganj locality in Thakurganj. It was around 5.00 pm, when the family found Shubham missing. His mother Shanti immediately asked her another son Prashant (14) who was at home to look for the kid.In the meantime, she called up her husband Rajaram Tewari and informed him about the incident. Rajaram, who was at his garment store situated near Gol Darwaza in Chowk market, immediately rushed home with his eldest of three sons Rahul (22). The family searched for the boy in the entire neighbourhood till late in the evening but in vain. Finally, Rajaram, along with Rahul, approached the Balaganj police outpost for help. Later, on Friday at 2.30 a.m., Rajaram received first call for ransom and then another call on Friday afternoon. However, on Friday evening, Shubham's body found buried near Satya Ghat Temple in the area. The body was dug out only after some passers by spotted hand coming from the ground. Strangely, according to police sources, Kamal Kishore again called up Rajaram at around 7.00 p.m. after the body was found. He told Rajaram that since he informed the police, he killed Shubham and even threatened to target his elder son.Kamal had purchased mobile phone on a fake id by using voter I-card of a man from Basti, through which he had called. Strangely, even after purchasing the SIM on the fake identity, Kamal used the mobile only for this purpose after one year. Kamal has told the police that he killed Shubham to take revenge of his close relative's death for which he thinks that Rajaram was responsible. However, Kamal was being further interrogated, the DIG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12128658", "title": "Congress MLA asked to file affidavit", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh High Court has directed senior Congress legislator Arif Aqueel to file an affidavit stating that he has no personal interest in Arif Nagar in the city outskirts.A bench comprising Justice Ajit Singh and Justice Sanjay Yadav issued the directive on a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by M A Hanfi, who alleged that there were encroachments on the 40 acre of land belonging to the MP Wakf Board of which Arif Nagar is a part. The petition alleged that Arif had personal interests in the property and, therefore, the Wakf Board was not able to remove the encroachments.In his reply filed through his counsel V S Shroti, the Congress legislator submitted that his client had no personal interest in the property in question nor persons who were encroaching upon the land in question are being given shelter by him.However, the court has asked Aqueel to submit the same through an affidavit within 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12128041", "title": "Woman undergoes rare THR surgery in Yavatmal GMC", "text": "YAVATMAL: A team of orthopaedic surgeons of Vasantrao Naik Government Medical College successfully performed maiden total hip joint replacement (THR) surgery on a woman from Zari Jamni village. The woman who was suffering from avascular necrosis (AVN) has fully recovered and is now able to move on her own.Dr Sanjay Bharti, head of orthopaedic department, said that Kausalya Kodape (50) was having AVN (avascular necrosis) at the femoral head due to which her hip joint was completely damaged. With unbearable pain, she could not walk a single step. \"After consulting Dr Yogesh Motewar we decided to perform THR surgery,\" said Bharti.Dr Yogesh Motewar said that the cost of such a surgery in a private hospital would be around Rs 1.25 lakh. \"It was done at the GMC for Rs 25,000,\" said Motewar while adding that the surgery was performed with hip prosthesis and bone cement only.Dean Dr Anand Dongre said, \"In the era of costly medical treatment in the private hospitals, the poor patients from far flung villages can avail the facility at the GMC here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12135481", "title": "Exit polls best for entertainment channels: SY Quraishi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid a flurry of exit polls predicting the outcome of assembly elections ahead of the March 6 results, Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi on Sunday said such surveys should at best be on entertainment channels.\"Opinion and exit polls should at best be on entertainment channels!,\" Quraishi tweeted this afternoon, taking a dig at the surveys.The reaction of the CEC, who made his Twitter debut on February 29, came as television channels were busy predicting government formations and possible political fallouts of the current assembly elections in the five states of Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Uttarakhand , Goa and Manipur since the exercise ended yesterday.The Election Commission had banned exit polls till March 3, till the completion of assembly elections in the five states.Quraishi brushed aside criticism of the poll body on the notices and action taken against some ministers during the high voltage campaign, saying it was part of the game and the EC has taken it in its stride.He, however, expressed anguish at people accusing the EC of \"bias.\"\"It hurts when people accuse me of bias,\" he said here today.The CEC had earlier refused to comment on speculation about election results and possible political alliances, saying, \"when elections end, politics starts.\"Our job is to conduct free and fair polls. And, we have done our job pretty well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12130203", "title": "Diamond\u2019s secret agents", "text": "On a sunny February morning, a man dressed in white shirt and grey trousers with a cloth bag tucked under his arm leans against a wall in a business district of Delhi. A smartly dressed diamond merchant wearing sunshades approaches him. The two men head straight into one of the tiny bookstores dotting the area and are led to the back of the shop. Sunday Times follows them in. The diamond trader pulls out a bundle of Rs 3 lakh from his leather briefcase and hands it to the other man, who lifts up his shirt and slips it into one of the many zippered pockets sewn into his khaadi banyan. The trader then whips out his mobile phone, punches a number and says, \"Ene tran sau aapya.\" (I have given him Rs 300).A little later, the merchant gets a phone call informing him that his parcel has arrived . He walks into a near-by jewellery shop. The cashier hands him a small parcel wrapped in duct-tape . There's a diamond inside. Both the man who took the cash from the merchant and the one who delivered him his diamonds are part of the country's 'angadia' network, an unofficial banking-cum-courier service; the parallel economy that fuels the diamond trade in India, the exports for which ran into nearly Rs 100,000 crore last year. The country's Gujarati diamond traders trust their angadia networks far more than they would any official banking or courier service. Most angadias are themselves Gujaratis. A few belong to the Marwari community.Angadias, strapped with lakhs of rupees on their person, do not travel to work in swanky cars, preferring instead the anonymity of public transport, like the Delhi metro. An angadia from Surat, a hub for India's diamond trade, either rides a cycle or travels by foot, wearing quite often a ragged pajama and an old shirt, carrying his priceless cargo in a shabby, unwashed cloth bag. Low profile is a mark of their tribe, a tribe that has been around for several generations.\"Angadias were earlier deliverymen for the textile trade between Mumbai, Ahmedabad and Surat. In the 1970s, as the diamond trade began to grow, angadias used the skills they honed in the textile trade to deliver diamonds,\" says a Mumbai trader. Another diamond trader from the city recalls how his father , an industrialist, would use the services of angadias to deliver chemicals from Vapi and Ankleshwar to Mumbai.The market rates for delivering diamonds and jewellery from Surat to Mumbai is Rs 200 per lakh and Rs 300 per lakh for cities such as Delhi, Hyderabad, Chennai, Jaipur, Ludhiana, and Jalandhar.When we tracked the offices of the angadias in the dusty bylanes of Shahjehanabad , all of them denied ever having touched a diamond and said they only delivered cloth. Though this correspondent had reliable information that they doubled up as diamond carriers , they were reluctant to discuss their trade, fraught with the risk of theft and income tax raids.Merchants believe there is nothing illegal about angadia networks replacing the official banking system. \"The volumes of cash that we deal in every day make it unviable for us to use the official banking system. Besides, the banking system is a tedious one, whereas the flow of goods and money through angadias is hassle-free ,\" says a merchant.A trader explains 'Angadia Economics' further: \"A large sum of money gets generated selling diamonds. When I want to deliver the money to some other part of the country, I telephone the angadia company and ask them to send one of their men to pick up the cash. I might, say, give him Rs 10 lakh in Ahmedabad and ask him to deliver it to my workmen in Mumbai. That very day, a branch of the same company operating in Mumbai will send their deliveryman to my workshop with the cash. The money I give an angadia in Ahmedabad does not physically move to Mumbai. The system works like a bank with branches. I do not have an office, so the transaction can happen in my car, at my home, or inside a shop whose owner I am friendly with.\"Some traders have even opened an account with an angadia company. Accounts function without any paperwork, and are based purely on trust. When a trader hands over money to the angadia, the money will be credited to his account . The trader can withdraw the money when he needs it.When it comes to parcelling diamonds from one city to another, angadias use cargo trains. All the angadias in a region pool together the goods they want to deliver outside the city, including diamonds, gold and electronics, in one coach of a goods train, which will be handled only by the angadias.\"The only time I ever lost any diamonds was when one such compartment was raided by the police, who, themselves, stole our diamonds,\" says a trader.Ironically, businessmen have more faith in the integrity of the angadias than the police. \"A year ago, a packet of diamonds and jewels worth around Rs 25-30 lakh that I sent from Surat to Delhi was misplaced. The angadias immediately paid me the full sum for the consignment,\" says Pravin Nanavati, diamond merchant and former president of South Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry . He believes that the success of India's diamond trade has much to do with the efficiency of its delivery boys.(With inputs from Himanshu Bhatt in Surat)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12137582", "title": "Film based on Ulfa chief Paresh Baruah's life to hit theatres on March 16", "text": "GUWAHATI: Even with Ulfa hardliner Paresh Baruah remaining as elusive as ever, Prodyut Kumar Deka is bringing the militant chief's alter ego to the silver screen in his latest Assamese film 'Samiran Barua Ahi Ase' (Samiran Barua is coming). The film, which will be released across the state on digital mode on March 16, stars renowned actor and theatre personality Tapan Das as Samiran Barua, while Brojen Bora has played the role of another top Ulfa leader. The key role of superintendent of police Barman is played by Mrinal Das. A play by the same title based on a novel was staged by mobile theatre group Abahan in the early nineties and was a runaway hit.Filmmaker Deka said: \"The film weaves together four stories in the backdrop of Ulfa's struggle from 1979 to the present era and the character of Samiran Barua is loosely based on Ulfa commander-in-chief Paresh Baruah. In the entire film every one waits for the arrival of the rebel leader Samiran Barua - he is a prize catch for the police, opposition leaders want him in their party, the media is waiting for a glimpse of him and his ex-girlfriend is anxious to see him again. The audiences will have to wait till March 16 to know whether he goes to the jungles or joins talks with the government.\"On his selection of the issue, Deka noted that many historic movements have passed without a single film made on them. \"In Assam, filmmakers have not made many films on the linguistic movement, Assam agitation and several other struggles which affected and changed lives of hundreds of people. Even after 30 years of struggle, there has not been a single film on the movement launched by Ulfa. I hope people of Assam accept my film,\" Deka said.Deka said the private life of Samiran Barua portrayed in the film is imaginary, but he has tried his best to show Ulfa camps in jungles in Bhutan. \"We decided to shoot in Bhutan as the dense jungles there was the best location we found for depicting Ulfa camps,\" said Deka. Apart from Bhutan, shooting for the film took place in Guwahati, Sonapur and Tamulpur between April to September last year. Music of the film has been composed by noted musician Kishore Giri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12129693", "title": "Italy tells HC naval guards charged with murder, but documents silent", "text": "KOCHI: While Italy has informed the Kerala high court that the two Italian navy guards who allegedly shot dead two Indian fishermen had been charged with murder and criminal proceedings initiated against them, the documents submitted by Italy are silent on the section of the Italian Penal Code under which the two have been booked. Chief Master Sergeant Massimilano Latorre and Sergeant Salvatore Girone of San Marco Regiment, who were on deputation on board Italian oil tanker Enrica Lexie, are accused of killing fishermen Valentine Jalastine and Ajeesh Pink off Kollam on February 15.After the HC asked Italy to produce documents showing that action was being taken against the navymen in Italy, that country's consul general in Mumbai submitted a letter sent by deputy attorney Elisabetta Ceniccola to Italy's defence ministry on February 24, which states criminal proceedings have been initiated. However, the documents fail to say under which section the two have been charged for murder.'Italian guards enjoy immunity'Italy has mounted pressure on India to release its two navy guards, arrested for killing of the two fishermen, claiming they were part of a vessel protection detachment, which enjoys immunity under Italian laws. Another Italian minister is likely to arrive in Delhi soon to hold dialogue over the two guards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12128352", "title": "HC notice to RPSC over old scheme in RAS exam", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has issued show cause notice to the Rajasthan Public Service Commission and the state authorities for not implementing the news scheme in the upcoming state civil service examinations as being done by the UPSC and other public service commissions of several states.Taking cognizance of a petition filed by six candidates of the RAS examination wherein it was said many states including Andhra Pradesh , Chhattisgarh, UP and Himachal Pradesh among others have done away with the old system of examination, Justice M N Bhandari issued the notice to the state authorities.Madan Mohan Meena, counsel for petitioners, said, \"In 2011, UPSC and many states have replaced the several choices of subjects available in prelims as also in mains examinations with two compulsory papers of GK and General Aptitude in prelims and certain compulsory papers in mains exam. Despite having taken a cabinet decision, the state government is conducting the RAS-2012 exam with old scheme.\"Meena highlighted that the government order dated May 18, 2011 to do away with the multiple subject scheme was taken in order to avoid scaling and uneven marks obtained by candidates appearing from different subject combinations, resulting in multiple litigations.It was also brought to the notice of the court that the state government on the pretext of implementing the new scheme did not advertised the vacancies despite the RPSC calendar showing that the examination for the posts of RAS slated for 2011 and now when the posts have been advertised, the exam will be conducted under the old scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128266", "title": "CM in a dilemma over RTI appointments", "text": "HYDERABAD: The legal opinion given by advocate general A Sudershan Reddy on the issue of appointment of information commissioners has put chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy in a dilemma.According to sources, the AG's advice is that \"the four names to which the governor did not raise any objection cannot be cleared by the government on the grounds that while some names were objected to, it does not mean that the other names were approved. In such a situation, the state government can expect more problems in case it issues a GO appointing the four names to which there was no objection from Raj Bhavan as information commissioners.\" This was the sum and substance of the AG's opinion, said the sources.Apparently, the AG has recommended that the entire file be sent to the governor again with explanations to the objections raised against the four names by Narasimhan. As a result, the General Administration Department, which was in the process of issuing a GO appointing four persons as information commissioners, has dropped the idea and is now preparing a detailed note with examples from other states where some people having a political background were appointed. The dilemma before the state government is that even after it re-sends the entire file to the governor, there is a strong possibility of him sending it back again. This is what happened when the CM wanted to appoint R Dilip Reddy as a member of the AP Administrative Tribunal. Narasimhan rejected it on the grounds that Dilip Reddy lacked the requisite experience needed for that appointment. Kiran Kumar sent it back to which the governor directed the state to seek the Centre's opinion. \"Much to the embarrassment of the chief minister, the Centre finally rejected Dilip Reddy's appointment and there is a very good chance of the same thing getting repeated in the case of the information commissioners also,\" said an official.During his observations, the AG also advised that in case the governor once again returns the file seeking some more clarifications, it would be better to hold a fresh selection meeting by taking opposition TDP leader N Chandrababu Naidu into confidence. \"Being arch rivals from Chittoor district, the chances of the two agreeing on the issue are very remote,\" said the sources.In case the governor returns the file seeking some more clarifications for the second time, the AG suggested that it would be better to hold a fresh selection meeting by taking opposition TDP leader N Chandrababu Naidu into confidence than appointing the four names cleared by Raj Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12128443", "title": "Defaced portraits spark campus row", "text": "KOLKATA: Trouble broke out in the morning shift of Vidyasagar college when some students noticed that chief minister Mamata Banerjee's portrait along with pictures of a few others had been defaced. Infuriated at the incident, Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad(TMCP) members lodged a complaint with Amherst Street police station. They alleged that Students Federation of India (SFI) was behind the act, but the latter denied all allegations.The TMCP supporters found the union room ransacked and the portrait of Kazi Nazrul Islam broken. Apart from the chief minister's picture, the miscreants also defaced the portraits of Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar and Rabindranath Tagore. A few posters were also plastered on the walls in which slogans were written against the chief minister. Infuriated at the incident, Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad members lodged a complaint with Amherst Street police station.The posters and portraits had 'SFI' written on them. TMCP members alleged that SFI was behind the vandalism. \"We have submitted a complaint to the principal. We shall report the matter to the CM as well,\" said one of the TMCP members.The principal of the college, Shampa Guha, however, said that she hadn't received any such complaint from TMCP. \"All allegations are baseless. TMCP members are unnecessarily trying to malign us. There is no bit of truth in these allegations,\" said Kaustav Chatterjee, state president of SFI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12127610", "title": "Trial production at railways\u2019 wheel factory from March 12", "text": "PATNA: Decks have been cleared for trial production of wheels at the railways' Belapur wheel factory near Chhapra from April this year with the casting trial all set to begin from March 12.The railways has got clearance from the Union ministry for environment and forest to start production at the factory, said chief administrative officer (workshop) Rajiv Mishra. This will be the first major factory of the railways to become functional in the state this year. The project has cost Rs 1,417.23 crore.The factory, the second of its kind in the country after the one in Bangalore, has the capacity to produce about one lakh wheels of goods wagons, passenger coaches and locomotives per year using the latest technology, sources said.The railways would require at least one lakh wheels every year after the commissioning of the dedicated freight corridors. Since it has decided to run more goods trains across the country, more wheels will be required for goods trains, an ECR official said.The wheels required by the railways are currently manufactured at the Bangalore factory and the heavy industries ministry's factory at Durgapur in West Bengal, the sources said.According to a Railway Board official, wheels are also imported, especially for locomotives, from foreign countries to bridge the demand-supply gap. One imported wheel, including its axle, costs Rs 3 lakh. \"The Chhapra factory would help the railways save foreign currency,\" the official said and added the greatest advantage of this factory would be that the Hajipur-headquartered East Central Railway (ECR) would no longer need to send its wheels and axles to Bangalore for their periodical reconditioning.ECR general manager Varun Bharthuar took personal interest to ensure the factory became functional. Raw materials have reached the factory premises, the sources said and added there was a plan to manufacture 2,000 wheels during the trial period.According to the sources, the railways have acquired over 138 acres of land for the project. While the factory is spread over 52 acres, another 35 acres of land is meant for the siding yard and 51 acres of land for a residential colony for the factory's employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128206", "title": "RTE fulfills Maulana Azad\u2019s vision: Kapil Sibal", "text": "HYDERABAD: The far sightedness of Maulana Azad's ideas of human and cultural values of education are reflected in the four distinct aims of education identified by UNESCO's International Commission on Education for the 21st century, said union minister Kapil Sibal on Saturday.Speaking at the fourth convocation ceremony of Maulana Azad National Urdu University (Manuu), the Union minister for human resource development and communications and information technology noted that Maulana Azad firmly believed that Urdu brought together people from different faiths and religions and intended to bring about communal harmony. \"Maulana's vision of a learning society through secular, liberal, modern and universal education is still illuminating and is guiding us for achieving education to all our children.\" He said that the right to free and compulsory education act has concretised Maulana Azad's vision of free and compulsory education for children.Describing Maulana Azad as a great freedom fighter and an outstanding statesman, former chief justice A M Ahmadi said that development at the cost of human and cultural aspects is akin to development without a soul and that it is the university's responsibility to mould students to fit into the changing societal environment without sacrificing core ethical and moral values. Ahmadi noted that Muslims are at the 'top of the list of the oppressed' and that any attempts made for their welfare is wrongly labelled as 'appeasement'. \"Muslims have great hopes and aspirations to contribute to the development of the country and to work shoulder to shoulder with others. The principal opposition party raises the antenna of appeasement the moment any affirmative action is taken to improve their socio-economic condition. It must be ensured that the central government takes effective action to implement the Sachar Committee Report notwithstanding the opposition from the principal opposition party.\"Among other speakers were ICSSR chairman Professor Sukhdeo Thorat, former VC of Manuu Professor M Shamim Jairajpuri and eminent lyricist Gulzar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128313", "title": "Tollywood wilts under Tamil onslaught", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tamil dubbed films have come back with full vigour to haunt Telugu filmmakers. Unhappy with the release of several dubbed films that are affecting the revenues of Telugu films, a section of producers recently made a representation to the state government seeking imposition of restrictions on onslaught from Tamil film industry.Of the six films released in the state on Friday, five were dubbed versions and only one Telugu original. A few more dubbed films are scheduled to be released on March 9. In the first two months of the year - in January and February - a total of 28 dubbed films were released while only 26 came from Tollywood stable. As per the statistics of the Telugu Film Producers Council, there is an increase in the release of dubbed films in recent times. As against 102 dubbed films in 2010, as many as 129 were released in 2011.\"Dubbed films are affecting Telugu films. Not only are we talking about the revenues at the box-office but the Telugu film industry as such is taking a beating. It may not be long before Telugu film industry becomes dormant as there would be no work for film employees here,\" T Prasanna Kumar Reddy of the TFPC makes a grim prediction.At one stage, the council had asked the state government to come up with a tough tax structure to deter producers from dubbing films into Telugu. For instance, as of now the tax on dubbed films is 16%. A section of the Telugu film industry wanted the tax to be increased to 32%. Since the neighbouring Tamil Nadu imposes 30% on dubbed films, same yardstick should be followed in the state too, they say.It may be mentioned here that film exhibitors (theatre owners) are not so against dubbed films because it is easy for them to get films, what in film parlance is called 'feeding'. A section of film producers also is not against dubbed films since these films would be available for distribution at a throwaway price.Instead of risking crores on making an original Telugu film, some producers are finding it profitable to buy distribution rights of a Tamil flick at a price ranging between a couple of lakhs to Rs 10 lakhs. It would be a wiser option as any original production with all trappings of a commercial film doesn't cost less than Rs 3 crore without any guarantee of box office success.The issue had come up for discussion at the A P Film Chamber of Commerce meeting several times before. Without seeking to impose a ban on the release of such films, it was decided that dubbed films should be allowed to be released when there are not many Telugu films.Telugu film producers, however, intend to approach the state government and explain how the Telugu film industry as such will suffer because of dubbed films. \"Imagine a situation where there will be no film production here anymore. Some people are benefiting from the release of dubbed films but it is the overall benefit of the industry should be kept in mind,\" an office-bearer of the TFPC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128277", "title": "Red Ribbon Express to spread health message on March 7, 8", "text": "NAGPUR: A special train is bound for the city this week. The Red Ribbon Express will make an appearance at the city railway station on March 7 and 8. This would be the third time the train, that has been running across the country spreading awareness about HIV-AIDS, would be taking on this nationwide journey.The train started off from New Delhi in January. In the city, social justice and empowerment minister Mukul Wasnik would inaugurate the train on Thursday at 9.30 am. It would be stationed at platform number 7 and people would not need to buy a platform ticket to visit it.\"The train with eight coaches would have several interactive ways to inform people about the disease as well as counselling. Going beyond the usual posters and pictures, there would be touch screens and 3-D models to disseminate information,\" said civil surgeon Dr GM Rathore. There would also be a coach with information on other important health issues like general hygiene, TB, swine flu and other transmissible diseases that come under the National Rural Health Mission, he added.\"One of the coaches would also have the facility for testing the prevalence of HIV and other sexually transmissible infectionsPeople would also be advised about the treatments of such infections,\" said Hemant Kapse of Centre for Advocacy and Research, an NGO coordinating the itinerary of the train.Programme officer of District AIDS Prevention and Control Unit Ganesh Parihar said that the major groups being focused are youngsters, women groups, civic officials as well as school and college kids. He also said that cultural activities like street plays would be used to make the process more interesting, especially in the villages where the train cannot reach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12137636", "title": "4 new AIIMS approved under Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The steering committee on health for 12th Five Year Plan has recommended the Union government to create four new AIIMS like institutions (ALIs) over and above the eight already approved under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY).Recommendations of the 40-member committee submitted to the government recently, a copy of which is available with TOI, suggested the government should create the four AIIMS clones, keeping in mind connectivity with state medical colleges and district hospitals, besides availability of proper infrastructure.Notably, the Union government has already initiated process to start admissions in six ALIs in Bhubaneshwar, Patna , Raipur , Bhopal , Jodhpur and Rishikesh. Besides, the government has also approved setting up of two such institutions, one each in West Bengal and Uttar Pradesh. If the government accepts recommendations of the committee, led by Dr Syeda Hameed, total number of ALIs in the country will go up to 12, excluding the parent institution in New Delhi.The panel also advised the government to create a common central cadre of medical teachers for AIIMS, Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER), Chandigarh, Jawaharlal Institute of PG Medical Education and Research (JIPMER), Puduchery, and in regional and state medical colleges. The committee is of the view that such a step will build and replicate high levels of professional competence and standards of national level institutes at regional and state level.It asked the government to set up 30 new medical colleges with public financing in those states, which are lagging behind in medical care. Such a step will increase undergraduate medical seats from 41,569 to 63,000 and postgraduate seats from 20,868 to 31,000.The panel also recommended strengthening 80 medical colleges during the 2012-2017 plan period. Till 2011, the government has supported 26 medical colleges under the PMSSY besides offering limited grants to 46 state medical colleges. The triple objective of strengthening the medical colleges should be to increasing the UG and PG courses by 20,000 and 10,000 respectively, provide super-specialty service in the medical colleges and set up degree programme for nursing and para-medical staff, the panel told the government. It advocated establishment of centres of excellence for nursing and para-medicine in every state and also start paramedical education courses in 149 government medical colleges.The committee also advised the government to introduce a discipline called family medicine in all medical colleges, the specialists of which can manage most of the medical problems at the primary level. Notably, such a recommendation was earlier made by the Mehta committee in 1983.It suggested developing the existing teaching institutions as national centres in disciplines such as cancer , arthritis , child health, diabetes and mental health. To sustain the health institutions financially, the committee also suggested that they should be allowed to receive donations and funding from companies under their corporate social responsibility.Dr Almas Ali, a member of the committee, said all the recommendations were made keeping in mind the goal of universal health care for people. \"Efforts should be made to decentralize the approach to healthcare,\" Dr Ali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127657", "title": "Naranpura cop awarded for bravery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A newly-recruited police sub-inspector of Naranpura police station was rewarded Rs 3,000 cash prize by senior city police officials on Thursday for foiling a chain snatching incident on February 13.According to Naranpura police officials, two youths attempted to snatch the chain of Meena Bharwad, a local resident, near Vadaj when she was returning from a wedding. While onlookers foiled the attempt and arrested one of the youths, another managed to flee from the spot. Jignesh Agrawat, a sub-inspector with Naranpura police station, was going home when he inquired what the ruckus was about.\"The other youth had fled towards nearby slums in Thakorvaas. When I realized that it would not be possible to catch him on bike, I abandoned it at a side of the road and started chasing him. I was not familiar with the area but I chased by instinct while onlookers made no attempt to stop the youth.After 10 minutes, I managed to nab Pravin Waghela,\" recounted Agrawat.While Waghela is a PASA convict, was out of police clutches for long, Mahesh Thakor, his accomplice was wanted in more than five cases. H B Jamod, inspector of Naranpura police station, said that Agrawat was awarded cash prize by Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, and given a letter of appreciation by city police commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12129324", "title": "Metrowater gets new MD", "text": "CHENNAI: In a minor reshuffle of IAS officers, Apurva Varma has been appointed managing director of the Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board, while former commissioner of horticulture and plantation crops K Sellamuthu is the new managing director of the Tamil Nadu Housing Board, according to a press release.Revenue administration officer on special duty (relief and rehabilitation) S K Prabakar has been transferred and posted as secretary, information technology, replacing Ramesh Kumar Khanna.Backward classes, most backward classes and minorities welfare secretary G Santhanam is now secretary, handlooms, handicrafts, textiles and khadi department replacing C V Shankar.Agricultural marketing and business commissioner Thanga Kaliyaperumal is transferred and posted as secretary, backward classes, most backward classes and minorities welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12137742", "title": "Five held for Puri brawl", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Sunday arrested five men for allegedly attacking residents of Gola village near Brahmagiri in Puri district on Saturday. The police action followed mass demonstration by the Gola villagers in front of the Puri SP's office on Saturday night.The accused, who hailed from Panaspada village, were angry with residents of neighbouring Gola over rights on cultivating prawn in a 649-acre source in Chilika Lake in the district. \"Though Gola villagers were permitted by the district administration to cultivate prawn in the source, the Panaspada villagers had been trying to stake claim on it, leading to the scuffle,\" said IIC (Brahmagiri police station) Debi Prasad Dash.Livid over the arrests, the Panaspada villagers blocked the Brahmagiri-Satapada road, disrupting traffic on the busy tourist route. Some aggrieved villagers pelted stones at a police van protesting the arrests. \"There is no tension now. Security has been tightened in Panaspada,\" SP (Puri) Anup Sahoo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128512", "title": "Antique Vishnu idol worth 1cr seized, one held", "text": "NEW DELHI: An 11th century idol of Lord Vishnu worth around Rs one crore in the international market, has been seized by Delhi Police after arresting a 42-year-old man who was allegedly planning to sell it. Cops recovered the idol while it was on its way to Jaipur to be sold to foreign tourists.\"We have reason to believe that with scores of tourists flocking to Agra, Delhi and Jaipur, thieves have found a lucrative market for antiques,\" said additional DCP (crime) Joy Tirkey.On February 29, police received information that one Israr -ul-Haque (42), a resident of Jaipur in Rajasthan, who is involved in the sale and purchase of antique idols, would be going to Jaipur by bus from the Mori Gate area with a stolen antique Idol. A trap was laid near the Womens' ITI at Mori Gate and Haque was arrested.At a height of 41 inches, and a width of 16 inches, it is believed this Vishnu idol belonged to the Sen dynasty or the Deva Kingdom of ancient Bengal. The idol depicts a four-armed Lord Vishnu standing on a Lotus surrounded by ten smaller statues of men and women , two statues of elephants and two statues of horses.\"The idol was supplied by one Tapas, a resident of Nadia district in West Bengal though the idol was reportedly stolen from a temple in Malda. A case, under appropriate sections of the Antiquity and Art Treasures Act, 1972 and the India Penal Code has been registered,'' said Tirkey.Tirkey said that the idol was to be delivered to one Shakeel, a resident of the Jal Mahal area in Jaipur. \"We raided his place but did not find him there. We have made an inventory of all precious and semi-precious artifacts which we saw there and are consulting the Archeological Survey of India to find out whether any of them are stolen,'' said Tirkey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12129282", "title": "Govt officials on poll duty shun postal ballot", "text": "PANAJI: Many government officials and staff on polling duty on Saturday said they abstained from voting as the postal ballot made available to them does not guarantee secrecy.Speaking to TOI on condition of anonymity, government officials said the method used in postal ballot could lead to sleepless nights putting their entire careers at stake. \"This is the second time I am losing out on voting. But it doesn't matter, I cannot take the risk,\" said a government official.\"The method used in postal ballot requires us to fill up a form. Then, we have to write a serial number on the form which has to match the serial number on the ballot given to us. The ballot goes into a sealed envelope. This sealed envelope along with the form filled goes into a bigger envelope. This is where secrecy is compromised. Anyone opening the bigger envelope can note the serial number written on the form and match it with the ballot,\" a polling officer told STOI.Staff at another polling booth said that being government servants, they were under a greater threat than a lay person if a politician found out whom their vote was cast in favour of.\"Some of these candidates go on to become our political masters. If they find out that we haven't voted for them, they can play havoc with our careers. We can be transferred anywhere. Our promotions and increments can be held back. These politicians can be very vindictive,\" another government officer working at a polling booth said.A government teacher urged election authorities to look into the matter. \"If the election authorities want us to vote, then they must come up with a solution. The method of casting a postal ballot must be changed to ensure full-proof secrecy of our vote,\" the teacher said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12128795", "title": "Third man arrested for Heritage City burglary bid", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have made the third arrest in the recent case of attempted burglary in an apartment of Heritage City. The robbers had gained entry into the gated condominium by posing as Delhi Police vigilance department officials. The house owner had raised an alarm which led to the arrest of two out of five criminals on the spot.The DLF II police arrested a third member of this gang on Friday night. A senior police officer said that the accused has been identified as Jugnu, native of Uttar Pradesh. The accused were produced in a city court on Saturday and sent on a one-day police remand.The incident took place in Heritage City on MG Road on February 15. Prompt action by residents of Heritage City led to the arrest of two persons, who had taken an entire family hostage to loot their valuables. However, the accused had earlier managed to take the security guards at the entrance for a ride as one of them wearing a khaki dress introduced himself as a vigilance officer from Delhi Police to enter the colony.\"We are interrogating the three accused who are on remand, and are now on the lookout for two members of the gang who are at large, Farukh and Mahendra,\" said Jangsher Singh, SHO, DLF II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12130028", "title": "Orphaned lionesses learn motherhood at Junagadh zoo", "text": "RAJKOT: This may well be called the mother of all experiments in conservation of Asiatic Lions. Sakkarbaug Zoo officials in Junagadh have successfully taught motherhood to four lionesses that were orphaned as cubs.Forest officials observed that when orphaned female cubs turned adult in captivity and gave birth, they did not know how to take care of their little ones, as they had never lived with their mothers. \"As a result, almost half of the cubs born to an orphaned lioness during the first littering died,\" said a senior forest official. The cubs died due to malnutrition as the mother did know how to feed them. Many died when she tramped upon them or did not lift them properly.Sakkarbaug Zoo officials observed this behaviour of such lionesses through CCTV cameras placed in enclosures. In 2008, a lioness gave birth to three cubs but did not care for them and they were left to fend for themselves. \"These cubs were brought out of the cage and given hand rearing to reduce the mortality,\" said R L Meena, chief conservator of forests, wildlife division, Junagadh. However, as hand rearing and artificial feeding is not advisable, the zoo officials began an experiment. They kept a four-year-old orphaned lioness close to another female which was raising its cubs normally.\"The orphaned lioness started observing how the other lioness took care of the cubs, fed them milk and lifted them. We achieved a major success when this orphaned lioness, whose first three cubs had died, later properly raised her three other cubs,\" said V J Rana, director, Sakkarbaug Zoo,This experiment of teaching 'motherhood' to orphaned lioness was carried out on three other females and all gave birth to three cubs each and raised them successfully. Of these, two lionesses were shifted to Ramapara vidi in Rajkot district where gene pools are being created to conserve the genetic diversity of Asiatic lions.\"This experiment is very important to conserve Asiatic lions. We will be able to save more cubs and conserve animals,\" Dr Y V Zhala, head, conservation biology and animal ecology at Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun , told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129836", "title": "An intriguing story unravelled", "text": "I love quizzical newspaper reports. Recently, the Times of India carried a story which stated that \"there is a move (by Pakistan) to shelve the Kashmir issue 'for the time being' in the wake of (the) internal political crisis in Pakistan\". Intriguing, indeed.It is feasible that Pakistan might consider putting Kashmir aside. Islamabad could add this problem to its large bookcase that already accommodates a vast array of other, unsuccessfully addressed problems. These include: poor relations with the United States; major ongoing economic problems; increasing water shortages; serious unrest in Balochistan (that goes back to 1948); deeply entrenched feudalism and privilege; an unaccountable military; and, an inability to overcome rampant religious intolerance by groups such as the Pakistan Taliban , Punjab Taliban, Sipahe-Sabah, etc. It's tough going in Pakistan. But what if this report was/is true? What are the ramifications for India, Pakistan and Kashmir?For India, one matter is caveat emptor: let the buyer beware (of this story). Pakistan rarely 'telegraphs' such unusual 'punches' like this deferral. Rather, its stand on Kashmir is predictable, as the recent statement by a foreign ministry apparatchik denying this story confirms: \"Pakistan strongly believes that the Jammu and Kashmir dispute should be resolved in accordance with the relevant UN resolutions and aspirations of the people of Jammu and Kashmir.\" Only under Gen Musharraf did Pakistan's stance on J&K; change remarkably and a deferment, of sorts, take place. But, once the general went, so too did this stance.If this story is actually true, then India can enjoy a nice break from diplomatic wrangling over J&amp;K.; Its forces in J&K; might also be able to relax and enjoy the scenery - like the record numbers of tourists now visiting this beautiful region.Finally, New Delhi could, if it wants, put more pressure on Pakistan to bend to India's desire, particularly on trade matters. This might suit Pakistan, given that its economy needs all the help that it can get, including positive opportunities for import substitution and mutually beneficial trade.For Pakistan, one ramification - provided that India accepts this story - would be that Islamabad could redeploy forces from the Indian border to the troubled Afghanistan border. Pakistan has real security issues on this front that will increase as US-led forces leave Afghanistan.Negatively, opportunistic political or hardline religious elements in Pakistan could make political capital out of any shelving. Given the 'k' for Kashmir in the acronym that is Pakistan, it is easy to arouse Pakistanis' acrimony over the emotive Kashmir issue.Equally, if true, this story suggests that Pakistan's establishment may be seeking a new approach to dealing with India generally, or with Kashmir specifically. Pakistan has a relatively new foreign minister, a new foreign secretary (who India declared persona non grata in 2003) and a new ambassador in Washington. Perhaps they, and their pressured political and military masters, are looking for some breathing space.One ramification for the Kashmiris - by which term, on this occasion, I mean all of the people of the former princely state - is that they will again be totally ignored. In days gone by, Pakistan has at least platitudinously stated that these people should be consulted about their 'aspirations'- albeit only whether they should join Pakistan or India. This would no longer happen.For people living in 'Pakistan-occupied Kashmir', i.e. in Pakistan-administered 'Azad Kashmir' and Gilgit-Baltistan, such Pakistani offhandedness is nothing new. For ethnic Kashmiris living in the Kashmir Valley, Pakistan's new stance will only confirm their belief that, since the mid-1990s, Islamabad is more interested in their land than in their well-being. Consequently, many disgruntled Kashmiris want to have little to do with India - and Pakistan.This gets to the nub of the problem. The TOI story was based on a 'source close to the Hurriyat'. This suggests that this fractured Kashmiri body, which itself is in danger of being irrelevant and 'on the shelf ', is attempting to pressure a distracted, or wavering, Pakistan to stay involved in the Kashmir dispute.Equally, it may be a fiendish attempt by the Hurriyat to deal itself into the Kashmir 'game'. As I said, it is intriguing.Snedden, an Australian strategic analyst on South Asian affairs, is author of a forthcoming book titled 'The Untold Story of the People of Azad Kashmir'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128557", "title": "Decongestion of Karol Bagh to start tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first phase of the traffic plan to decongest Karol Bagh market will begin on Monday. Gurdwara Road will be made one-way for traffic entering Karol Bagh from Pusa Road. Vehicles will be allowed to take only a left turn on reaching Pyarelal Marg as it will be made one-way from Faiz Road to Guru Ravi Das Marg, said traffic cops.Meanwhile, Saraswati Marg will be made one-way for traffic from Deshbandhu Gupta Road to WEA roundabout. \"By making both the roads one-way, congestion will be eased considerably. Ajmal Khan Road is already open only for pedestrians and non-motorized vehicles and will remain like that,\" said a senior traffic police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12129085", "title": "Ill health did not deter seniors who voted for a 'better tomorrow'", "text": "VASCO: Among the 82% of Goans who got out of the comfort of their homes to vote on Saturday, was a frail looking 96-year-old woman on a wheel chair. But appearances can be deceptive. Determined to \"vote for a change in Goa\", Clotildes Fernandes, who came to vote at a polling station in Arossim with her 18-year-old granddaughter, said, \"Since Goa's liberation in 1961, I have been casting my vote. I want to vote this time, for who knows, this is probably the last time I will get to vote. I want to vote for change.\"Hearing Fernandes' comment, her youngest grand daughter, Kimberly D'Silva, reprimands her saying, \"My grandmother will come to vote even when she is 101, that's for the assembly election scheduled five years on.\"An excited D'Silva was voting for the first time as she turned 18 just this year. The family brought Clotildes to the polling station in a van and Kimberly took her to the polling booth on a wheel chair. \"We came to vote for change. We want something good for Goa,\" said D'Silva.Simalarly, in Baina, 70-year-old Zamila Bi can barely walk or talk. Her life is limited to shuttling between the hospital and her home.But on Saturday, she voted with her daughter-in-law. \"I was admitted to the hospital as I had a breathing problem and was discharged a day ago,\" said Bi. Sitting down saying she \"can't stand for too long\", she continued, \"One vote can make a difference and I want to vote for a better tomorrow.\"If the old are voting for a better tomorrow for their children, the youth are voting for a corruption-free Goa. \"I am voting for a good and corruption-free government,\" first-time voter Shruti Rathod said. Veena Palani, agreed, \"I want to vote for a corruption-free government so that people get government jobs on merit and not on the basis of bribes paid to politicians.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12128212", "title": "Kripashankar's Z-plus security withdrawn", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police on Saturday withdrew the Z-plus security given to senior Congress leader Kripashankar Singh, who is facing a multi-crore disproportionate assets case along with five other family members. While top police officials maintained that the security was withdrawn during a routine annual review, sources said the step was taken because the politician could be arrested in the near future.Singh had been enjoying Z-plus security since 2005, when he was minister of state for home. As minister of state, he had carried out several surprise checks and rehabilitation programmes for inmates in Arthur Road jail. Z-plus is the highest of six different security covers the Mumbai police provide to vulnerable people and important citizens.The Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the case is likely to question Kripashankar and his family next week. The SIT on Friday began searching and attaching 19 properties held by the former city Congress chief and his family members. While a huge amount of property and other documents were seized, questions were being raised over why the police could not trace any cash at the properties. Sources said senior police officials were busy scrutinizing the seized documents till late evening on Saturday.\"Earlier, the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) had carried out a probe,\" said an SIT officer on condition of anonymity. \"Now, we will have to do some homework before summoning the Singhs. Once we finish scrutinizing the documents, we will be in a better position to question him.\" The officer added that they would question Kripashankar and his son Narendra Singh about the seizure of 400 live rounds from the bungalow off Carter Road in Bandra. \"If they are unable to give satisfactory replies, we will add charges under the Arms Act.\"Sources said Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik, who is heading the probe himself, is out of the city to attend a three-days sports event in Nagpur. He will return on March 6.Two teams are likely to leave for Jaunpur and Lucknow in UP and Ratnagiri to attach properties there. On Saturday, the SIT once again searched property at Sai Prasad building, Bandra (East), in the presence of Kripashankar and his son Narendra as on Friday a few of the safes were locked and the keys were with the Congress politician.On Friday, investigators raided residential and commercial property at Sai Prasad, Tarang bungalow off Carter Road, Kingston-B at Powai, Jupiter building at Vile Parle (East), Oceanic in Bandra (West) and other locations. Two BMWs were seized from Tarang.The Bombay high court on February 22 ordered Mumbai police chief Arup Patnaik to file an FIR against Kripashankar under the Prevention of Corruption Act and his family members for abetment. The HC was hearing a PIL that alleges Singh and his family own assets worth Rs 320 crore, which is disproportionate to their known sources of income. The FIR was lodged on February 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128594", "title": "Missing RTI activist found; was 'drugged'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 38-year-old RTI activist who had gone missing from Ghazipur on Thursday resurfaced on Saturday quite mysteriously. Shiv Kumar Tiwary, who had helped expose the MCD ghost employee scam, was traced in Muzaffarnagar in Uttar Pradesh, police said.\"He was traced in Muzaffarnagar and brought to Delhi. He claimed that he wasn't hurt and didn't suspect anyone who could be behind the incident. He told us that a boy had asked him to accompany him to an Innova, where two men wanted to speak to him.\"When he went there the men asked him to follow them. The next thing he knew was that he was lying abandoned at Muzaffarnagar. We are verifying his statements,\" said DCP (east) Prabhakar. He did not provide further details.Tiwary's family claimed he was robbed of his gold ornaments like rings and lockets after being drugged. \"We have heard about a dispute on a property owned by Tiwary in Rani Bagh, and are checking if his disappearance has any link with it,\" said an officer.Tiwari is a florist and owns a shop in Connaught Place. He went missing on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12129409", "title": "Railway officials ordered to pay Rs 15,000 as compensation to complainant", "text": "KANPUR: The consumer protection forum, Kanpur, on Saturday ordered senior divisional commercial manager, Northern Railway and station masters of Moradabad and Chandausi railway stations to pay a sum of Rs 15,000 to complainant Ankit Awasthi within 30 days of the order.Complainant Ankit Awasthi, a resident of Vinayakpur in Kanpur had alleged that he had purchased two reserved tickets of Sangam Express from Kanpur to Dehradun . On the day of the journey, he could enter his coach as all the doors were closed. He and other passengers had complained to the railway authorities. They had asked them to travel in any class and conductor would provide seats in the running train. At Chandausi railway station, the train authorities asked them to come out from the compartment as they were not entitled to travel in an AC coach. As a result, they had to drop the journey at Moradabad railway station. The aggrieved passengers had lodged a complaint with the station master.The railway officials appeared in the forum and denied the charges and said that all the doors of bogies were open on that day and not a single passenger had lodged a complained about any trouble. Therefore, the complaint was liable to be rejected.LB Singh, president of the forum and member Ganesh Prasad observed that the railway authorities had failed to perform the duty properly and ordered to pay a sum of Rs 15,000 to Awasthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12130221", "title": "Sarabjit Singh Makkar accused of abuse, assault by his driver", "text": "JALANDHAR: Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) MLA Sarabjit Singh Makkar has landed in yet another controversy as the driver of his escort gypsy, a cop with the Punjab Police has alleged that Makkar beat him up and abused him publicly. However, Makkar has rubbished the allegations saying that the driver had been absenting himself from duty for the last two-and-a-half months and now he was making false allegations to save himself.In his complaint to the additional director general of police (Security), Punjab State Human Rights Commission, the chief minister and National Commission for Scheduled Castes, driver Gurdev Singh alleged that when he reached Makkar's residence at around 9 am on Friday, he called him and asked him where he was the previous day. \"I told him that I was at his (Makkar's) residence only, but he was away to Gurdaspur,\" Gurdev Singh, a head constable said.\"Instantly Makkar not only started abusing me but also started assaulting me,\" he said in his complaint. He alleged that Makkar even used casteist remarks against him. Gurdev said that he has also filed a complaint with the additional deputy commissioner of police (HQ).However when contacted Makkar, who has been in quite a few controversies in his five-year tenure as Adampur MLA, said that earlier too Gurdev would remain absent but this time he had not turned up for work for two-and-a-half months.\"When he came back on March 2, I asked him to go back when he was entering the gate. I then, immediately rang up state transport commissioner, asking him to provide me a new driver. This driver was assigned for driving my escort vehcile, but for the last two-and-a half months we had not taken out the vehicle in his absence, as I had made it clear that only the designated driver would drive it and not any security personnel,\" Makkar said.\"Now he is afraid that he could face action, and so has resorted to making a false complaint,\" Makkar claimed. Meanwhile ADCP (HQ) Navjot Singh Mahl confirmed that he had received the complaint submitted Gurdev. \"We shall look into it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12128517", "title": "Parents find a good mix of studies, fun", "text": "Schooling remains an area of concern, as was evident by the number of parents who thronged Schooling Steps, A Times School expo, held by Education Times on Saturday. It was inaugurated by Olympian swimmer Virdhawal Khade and South Indian actor Shirin.Lavanya and Srinivas Reddy were looking for a combination of studies and extracurricular activities. They said such an expo was better than visiting individual schools. Victor AE Kandir said the information at the expo would certainly help him decide on a school for his grandchild.Designers Rachita Chowdary and Makarand Kulkarni checked out the stalls. Said Rachita, \"It's a good way to hunt for schools. We have misconceptions about schools being expensive, but when you interact with their representatives here, you realize they are affordable.\"The expo ends today. Entry is free. Participating schools: Greenwood High, Indus International School, Vibgyor High, Chrysalis High, Candor International School, Greengrove International School, Harvest International School, Primus Public School, Whitefield Global School, Gear Innovative, KALS, Treamis World School, Narayana eTechno school and Deeksha Integrated.Venue: IBIS Bengaluru Tech Park, next to Passport Seva Kendra, opposite Intel campus, Sarjapur Outer Ring Road. From 11am. For details, call Ashish: 9620879643; Swaroop: 9019222927; Debopriyo 9742594699.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12129011", "title": "Cop falls into well while chasing accused", "text": "MADURAI: A 29-year-old police constable fell into a well and died during an attempt to nab an accused near Bodi in Theni district on Friday night.Police said the police constable fell into the well while nabbing the accused, who threatened to jump into the well if the police attempted to catch him. P Prabhu (29), a native of Alagarnayakannpatti near Bodi, serving as a constable attached to the Thevaram police station. The accused, a 43-year-old man suffered severe injuries and has been admitted in the government hospital in Madurai.Police said they got a tip-off that Nagaraj (43), a resident of Rasingapuram near Bodi who was wanted in connection with a sexual harassment case lodged by his wife Palaniammal, was at his house. The complaint was lodged over five years back, but Nagaraj has been evading arrest since then. Along with four other policemen including sub-inspector Soundrarajan, he went to Rasingapuram and rounded up the house.The police then gave a warning to Nagaraj to surrender. However, Nagaraj sprinted out from his house. When the policemen started chasing him, he allegedly threatened them with a knife. When police continued to advance towards him, he resumed running and the police gave a hot chase through agricultural fields.Nagaraj reached a 150-foot deep dry well in the field and threatened to jump into it if the policemen attempted to catch him. However, Prabhu went closer to him and caught him. But Nagaraj attempted to wriggle away from Prabhu and in the melee both of them fell into the well.\"Prabhu was hit on the sidewalls of the well and sustained severe injuries in the head. With the help of villagers, we brought out Prabhu, but he succumbed to the injuries by the time,'' a police officer said. Nagaraj had injuries on his head and shoulder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12129363", "title": "TV actress falls prey to online lottery fraud", "text": "CHENNAI: The latest to fall prey to online lottery fraud is television actress Asha K Shetty.Shetty filed a complaint with the police stating that she had paid Rs 1.77 lakh to a person who promised her a prize money of Rs 5.5 crore. Police commissioner J K Tripathy has forwarded the complaint to the cyber crime wing.Shetty, who has acted in a few serials, had received an SMS from an unknown number, which claimed that she had been chosen for a lottery prize worth Rs 5.5 crore. She responded to the call and a person asked her to pay Rs 60,000 as advance. After Shetty made the payment, she was invited for an online chat where she was asked to pay Rs 1.17 lakh more.Shetty claims she received a form with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) logo in her e-mail. She immediately filled up the form and replied to the mail. Later, she also deposited the amount. As she didn't get the prize money, she realized that she was cheated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132749", "title": "Deepika, Ram likely to pair up", "text": "Apoorva Lakhia is planning on making one of Amitabh Bachchan's most iconic films Zanjeer. The discussions are at a very nascent stage. Hold on; the film is not being remade with Abhishek Bachchan .An actor who has been approached for the film reveals, \"Apoorva wants to make this film with Telugu heavyweight Chiranjeevi's son Ram Charan Teja. It will be a bilingual (Telugu and Hindi). And a corporate is looking to finance it because this will mark Ram Charan's Bollywood debut.\"It is also being said that that the makers are keen to cast Deepika Padukone in Jaya Bachchan's role opposite the angry young cop Ram Charan. Deepika's spokesperson says, \"She has received many offers for south films. However, the only south film she has given a nod to is Kochadaiyaan opposite Rajinikanth . This month, Deepika will also start Ayan Mukherji's Jawaani Deewani with Ranbir Kapoor in Manali.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12130379", "title": "Pinned by the flag", "text": "On January 18 this year, four Ukranian girls, all of whom had left their shirts home, draped themselves in the Tricolour protesting against India tightening visa rules for Ukrainian women between 15 and 40. Eastern bloc women, New Delhi feels, might add to the ranks of an already thriving and burgeoning fair skin-sex industry in our country.Our government, not surprisingly, wasn't impressed. Says an official with the ministry of external affairs: \"The girls have been charged with wrongful entry and dishonouring the Indian national flag.\" They were seriously unhappy with the girls - members of the Ukrainian activist group Femen , which believes in protesting against everything topless - who went on to throw the Indian flag to the ground and beat it about. The women have also protested in similar fashion against Dominique Strauss-Kahn's and Silvio Berlusconi's exploits.The abuse to the Tricolour, according to the government, is in clear contravention of the Prevention of Insults to National Honour Act, 1971. Therefore, the Indian government leaned on the Ukrainians to act against the truant quartet.Accordingly, sources in the Ukrainian embassy in Delhi say the girls were charged by the office of the Ukrainian prosecutor-general with \"hooliganism\" under paragraph 2, article 296 of the Ukrainian criminal code. And with \"outrage against a state symbol\" under paragraph 2, article 338. The second charge carries a maximum penalty of up to five years in jail.Of course, up front, no country says it will tolerate the desecration of its flag. Ask any official in the myriad foreign embassies in Delhi and they will tell you that. Never mind that countries like the US, Canada and Belgium allow their citizens to burn their national flag. The US thinks of it as a form of \"free speech\" - therefore, it would be unconstitutional not to allow it.An official with the UK high commission in Delhi says he is fairly certain the Union Jack has been burnt or stamped upon, or desecrated in some other manner, in Northern Ireland, Tehran, Kabul and Baghdad. \"The flags are burnt at political rallies and, fairly often, the governments of those states tacitly encourage the burning of the flags.\"But the official adds that, in the hundreds of years of their history, he has never known the British government to complain to another country about the desecration of the Union Jack in that country.In India, however, the story is a bit different. We pointed fingers at Sachin Tendulkar when the BCCI logo on his helmet was placed higher than the national flag. He changed the order. Malini Ramani was also taken to task when she wore a skirt fashioned out of the flag. Mandira Bedi wasn't spared either when the national flag on her sari fell below her waist; the new rules don't allow that.Are we then being overly touchy?Naveen Jindal , the MP who got the Supreme Court to rule in 2004 that every private citizen is allowed to fly the flag - something that was not allowed before - writes on his blog that the \"Tricolour is of historic importance. Before 1947, the people of India never had one flag to bind them together\".Lt Cdr (retd) K V Singh, who has managed the remarkable feat of writing four books on the national flag, says flags have been used down the ages to summon up people's better instincts. \"When Alexander's soldiers mutinied against him in India, saying they wished to go home to Greece, he told them they were free to leave. So long as they started their homeward journey by first stepping on their nation's flag.\" Needless to say, the men marched on, not back.It is also strange, says Singh, that while the US's codified laws and the UK's unwritten laws are stricter than India's own flag code, actual usage of flags in those countries is more liberal. Which allows people there to, say, wear underwear made out of the stars and stripes.This, of course, brings us back to that all-important question. Is patriotism all about how we treat the national flag? And are we a tad too sentimental about it? The Ukrainian girls will think we are.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12128701", "title": "At 81.43%, Goa records highest voting ptercentage", "text": "PANAJI: When the shrill beep of the electronic voting machine (EVM) fell silent at 5pm on Saturday evening, 81.43% of Goan voters had exercised their franchise, creating a record for the highest voter turnout in the state, since liberation. The record turnout betters the previous best of 72.96% in 1972.Voters sealed the fate of 215 candidates in the fray for the 40-member Goa House in an election that ended peacefully, baring a few minor incidents. Joint chief election officer N Navti announced in the customary post-polling briefing that the conduct of the elections was smooth. Large contingents of paramilitary forces had been deployed for the free and fair conduct of the elections.Though results will be declared on Tuesday, all contesting parties claimed victory for themselves in view of the high voter turnout. Opposition leaders attributed the high voting percentage to the anti-incumbency factor.Polling began briskly in the morning and the rapid pace continued throughout the day. Elderly citizens and young voters enthusiastically exercised their franchise.The poll monitoring system (PMS) introduced for the first time in a general election eliminated bogus voting, election officials claimed.The PMS was first experimented in a byelection for the Valpoi constituency in 2010. The system was also successfully used in the Corporation of the City of Panaji polls in 2011.Some young voters exercised the option of 49 (O), rejecting all candidates, keeping in line with the mood of overall disenchantment with the political system.A lot of voters told STOI that the 49 (O) system should be anonymous. In the current method, there is no secrecy maintained while exercising the option. \"We were forced to vote for bad candidates. The advice given by India Against Corruption (IAC) to reject all candidates is only good on paper. It leaves us very vulnerable to politicians over the next five years.\"In all, seven election-related cases were registered in Goa on Saturday. Five persons were arrested in four cases, including two government servants in Porvorim. They were allegedly obstructing people from voting.Some tense moments were seen in Navelim and Nuvem constituencies where heavyweights like Churchill Alemao, Aleixo Sequeira and Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco were contesting.In Navelim, personnel of the election commission's flying squad, rushed to a house and asked Alemao's son-daughter duo to leave the premises, following a complaint that they were distributing money. Ultimately nothing was found which led to Alemao crying foul.In Panaji, cross complaints were filed between Panaji CCP mayor Yatin Parekh and CCP councilor Vaidehi Naik. Parekh alleged that Naik was wearing BJP badges and campaigning inside the polling booth. Reportedly, Parekh tried to remove the badge from Naik's person which caused a fracas near the booth. While Naik alleged that Parekh tried to molest her and outrage her modesty, Parekh filed a counter complaint against her.There was also a clash in Calangute where sitting Congress MLA Agnelo Fernandes filed a complaint of criminal intimidation against Calangute sarpanch Joseph Sequeira, a strong supporter of BJP candidate Michael Lobo.A police inspector was suspended in Vasco for failing to take action against a complaint stating that supporters of a candidate were distributing money from their vehicle.In another incident in the wee hours of Saturday, a few hours before polling commenced, Mayem MLA Anant Shet of the BJP was arrested and let off for allegedly distributing cash to voters. Police seized cash amounting to Rs 3.45 lakh from the supporters of the MLA.Several former chief ministers including Pratapsingh Rane, Churchill Alemao, Dr Wilfred de Souza, Ravi Naik and Manohar Parrikar, besides current chief minister Digambar Kamat were in the fray.Goa saw a low key month-long campaign in the run up to the elections. BJP is in a pre-poll alliance with Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) which until two months ago was an alliance partner of the Kamat-led Congress-NCP government. The BJP-MGP alliance upset the calculations of the Congress as it was also planning a pre-poll alliance with MGP.The Congress on the other hand, expectedly had an alliance with Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). Interestingly, Congress and BJP managed to loan candidates to their alliance partners and 'winnability' was the main criteria of all parties in the selection of candidates.BJP-MGP as well as Congress-NCP claimed success going by the voting patterns after polling ended at 5pm. In 2007, Congress had 16 MLAs, BJP 14, NCP 3, SGF 2, MGP 2, UGDP 1 and two independents.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12133779", "title": "Jai to join Thuppakki team?", "text": "His last film under AR Murugadoss' production, Engeyum Eppothum, took him to great heights. Jai teamed up with Anjali of Angaaditheru fame and Engeyum Eppothum became one of the most talked about films in the recent times. Not only was the film dubbed in Telugu, but the movie also gave a fillip to Jai's sagging career.And now, Jai seems to have a hit the jackpot once more as he has been approached by none other than team of Thuppakkki, which has Ilaiyathalapathy Vijay in the lead. According to sources, AR Murugadoss, one of the producers of the film had approached the actor to play Vijay's brother in the film. Sources say that Jai has a powerful character in the film and is likely to join the unit if all goes well. The film also stars Kajal Aggarwal and Vidyut Jamval in pivotal roles. Interestingly, Jai made his film debut as Vijay's brother in the film Bhagawathi.In the meantime, Jai is also busy shooting for Vettaimannan, with his close friend Simbu. The film is believed to be a gangster flick and thus has many action-packed scenes. Jai also has Arjunan Kadhali in hand opposite Poorna, which is believed to be in the post-production stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12129420", "title": "Holi: Play colours with 'trishool' and 'gada' this festival", "text": "KANPUR: From Lord Shiva's trishool to Lord Hanuman's gada, from Spiderman's tanks to Mickey Mouse's mask and Sheela or Munni's wigs, all these are the Chinese 'pichkaris' hitting the market these days.As the festival of 'Holi' is just five days away, market is all set to attract buyers with latest 'pichkaris' and masks. Though the trendy caps used to save hair are in demand, but fancy wigs in hairstyles of Bollywood actresses are also available this year.To buy all these unique and attractive stuff, shoppers may have to spend from Rs 50 to Rs 1,000. A wide range of Chinese 'pichkaris', herbal 'gulal' and gulal bombs, a new entrant, is also available.The double-barrelled pichkari guns in bright green, pink and yellow colours and 'Trishool' and 'Gada' are in demand. The small doll-shaped and other traditional 'pichkaris' are also getting a large number of buyers.Similarly, the typical tank pichkari, in Mickey Mouse or Spiderman's shape are highly appreciated by young boys. The tank 'pichkari' in again in vogue this year in brilliant orange and green shades and prices range from Rs 200 to Rs 800.\"Originally shaped like simple pistons, pichkaris have undergone a big change in recent years. To attract an action-oriented generation, the manufacturers are trying innovative ways to keep in pace with the latest trends,\" said Shivlal, a 'pichkari' seller on Meston Road.Sheela and Munni's wigs are major attractions this year for those who want to save their hair and also look attractive. These wigs range between Rs 100 and 500 and available in various colours.A pichkari seller said that kids are picking up sprinklers which have more nozzles to sprinkle water a force. The tank capacity can go up to two litres.\"These big pichkaris may help children to hold more coloured water but the charm of Holi is waning. The fun to refill the pichkari again and again and then play holi is missing,\" said a senior citizen, who came to Meston Road to buy pichkaris for his grandchildren.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12129360", "title": "Man commits suicide", "text": "KANPUR: A 35-year-old man committed suicide in Barra on Saturday. He had been identified as Lalji Kushwaha. Neighbours claimed he took the extreme step after a fight with his kin. No suicide note was found. The body was sent for post-mortem examination.Elsewhere, the body of a 60-year-old man was found near Harjinder Nagar crossing in Lal Bangla on Saturday. His identity is yet to be ascertained. The police said that the man used to roam near the Kali temple.Arrested: Nanhe, a resident of Ram Babu of Kachchi Jhopari near Kali temple was arrested with a large quantity of illicit liquor. He was sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128486", "title": "5 kg ephedrine worth 20L seized, two arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just days after the Delhi Police busted a drug racket that was helping northeast militants to gather funds through narco terrorism, the police claimed to have seized five kg of ephedrine, a banned substance used to manufacture party drugs like 'Ice' and 'Speed' and has arrested two persons including a Nigerian national.Ephedrine, as stimulator, is used to enhance the quantity as well as quality of heroin besides being used to manufacture drugs popular at rave parties.Nigerian national Anene Sylvester (31) and Asif Quraishi (30) were apprehended by cops from Gandhi Vihar on March 1 after receiving a tip-off, ACP (Crime) Sanjay Bhatia said. Sylvester was staying in Safdarjung Enclave while Quraishi is from Indore. The ephedrine recovered is worth Rs 20 lakh in the international market, claimed officers. This is the seventh time this year that a Nigerian has been arrested in a drug bust in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12134630", "title": "All my shows will be for cancer awareness: Shradha Sharma", "text": "Shradha Sharma - who's known for her vibrant and sexy moves on various stage shows -has now decided that she will promote cancer awareness on each of her shows.The actress who met a few cancer patients after a show reveals how she was touched by the stories of some cancer patients. \"It was then that I decided to get permanently associated with the cause of cancer. One patient who had come for my show said 'I came here because I wanted to meet you before my operation.' I was touched and almost in tears. Here was a patient suffering from a life threatening disease and she had come just to watch me and meet me. I just counted my blessings and thanked god for the same!\"Speaking about cancer awareness, Shradha says, \"Ever since I associated myself with the cause of cancer awareness I realized that many people are not aware about cancer and how it can be fought with valiance and often even overcome! Through shows I want to generate awareness and also generate funds, which can be used by organizations which help cancer patients.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12137517", "title": "Assam University to confer Pranab Mukherjee with honorary degree", "text": "SILCHAR: Assam University, Silchar has decided to confer honoris causa (an honorary academic degree) on seven eminent personalities from the country and abroad including Union minister for finance Pranab Mukherjee . The degree will be conferred during the varsity's 12th convocation, which will be held on March 6.Mukherjee will be awarded the degree for his \"outstanding contribution in the field of statesmanship and economic regeneration of the country\", a source said. The sources added, \"The finance minister has expressed his happiness for being chosen as one of the personalities to receive this degree. However, he will not be able to come down to Silchar on the day of convocation as the budget session will be going on. Piyush Mukherjee, his elder brother will accept the honoris causa on his behalf.\"Other eminent persons who will be awarded the degree include Somendra Banarjee, professor of Visva-Bharati University, Hasan Azizul Huq, a Bangladeshi writer, Kaushik Basu, a reputed economist who is currently the chief economic adviser to the Centre, Barid Baran Bhattacharya, a leading economist and former vice-chancellor of Jawaharlal Nehru University in New Delhi, Mamoni Raisom Goswami, an Assamese writer and scholar, and Prof Arun Kumar Sharma for his contribution to the subject botany.Assam governor Janaki Ballav Patnaik will attend the convocation as the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12128923", "title": "SSI owners cook gruel at SIDCO complex to protest power cuts", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 75 entrepreneurs were arrested on Saturday for preparing 'Kanji' (gruel) at the SIDCO premises in Kurichi to protest the several hours of unscheduled power cuts that have crippled the industrial units.On Saturday, the entrepreneurs arrived at the SIDCO premises and prepared gruel in a pot. The aim of the novel protest was to indicate that entrepreneurs and workers have been driven to penury due to unscheduled power cuts.Though the state government announced power holiday for industrial units every week as a measure to help them, the initiative has only worsened the situation. The government assured that after the power holiday, power cuts will be restricted to four hours. \"We did not operate our industrial units during the power holiday. But we believed unscheduled power cuts will come down. Now, the power cut timing has been increased. Every day we are facing 10 hours of power shortage. If the situation continues, we would not be able to run our industries. We may have to depend only on the gruel for survival,\" said S P Rangarajan, president of Small Scale Industrial Entrepreneurs Association.Over 3,000 small scale units located in Sundarapuram, Kurichi, Kuniyamuthur and other areas in Coimbatore are affected by the unscheduled power cuts and some units have shut down, Rangarajan said.Small scale industrial units are facing a loss of Rs 25 lakh every day. \"If the power crisis continues, we would not be able to pay wages to our workers. We would not be able to operate the machines with the help of generators. The small scale industries would be destroyed completely,\" said Rangarajan.Podanur police arrested the 75 entrepreneurs and workers and released them on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12128827", "title": "MCG may auction Rs 7 cr seized marble", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has valued the marble seized in the market near Sikanderpur for Rs 7 crore and might auction it even as the contempt of court case filed by the shopkeepers against the MCG and HUDA comes up for hearing on Wednesday (March 7).On January 8 this year, both the civic agencies cracked down on this market near Sikanderpur and sealed over 35 shops claiming that they are running their business at that place illegally.\"My job was to value the material in a total of 35 marble shops and the figure that I have arrived at is Rs 7 crore. Now it is up to the authorities concerned to take a call on whether to auction or release it. It is not my job to do so and I don't know when the decision will be taken,\" said Y K Garg, superintending engineer, MCG.The shopkeepers, on the other hand, who have been claiming huge losses since then are hoping Punjab and Haryana high court will give a ruling in their favour when the case comes up for hearing in Chandigarh on Wednesday.\"There has been no loading and unloading of our material since the time the MCG and HUDA sealed our shops and we have been incurring huge losses and our business has almost come to a standstill. The reason why we filed a contempt case is because even though we got a stay from the high court and the matter is still sub judice, the civic agencies sealed our shops. We hope that the court grants us the much-needed relief,\" said a market association member. The shopkeepers also allege that there is no rationale in the way in which the value of the marbles has been estimated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12129115", "title": "Accept politician's gift, but vote for your candidate, says Kiran Bedi", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"Accept money or gift from the politicians and vote later according to your own choice,\" said former IPS officer and Team Anna member Kiran Bedi on Saturday at the leadership summit organised by Sri Shakthi College of Engineering and Technology. Bedi, a Magsaysay award winner, said there was nothing wrong in accepting money from politicians because they are only returning money plundered from the people. \"You can use it for some good cause,\" she said.Talking about the future course of Team Anna and the initiative to cleanse public life and institutions of corruption, she said the effort is now on to create a Parliament with 'clean' members.\"We need a Parliament which legislates with larger interests of the country in mind. One fifth of our parliamentarians are law breakers who have been involved in crimes. Therefore, we toured states where elections are being held now to create awareness among voters on what they should do to clean up politics,\" she said.Bedi said that people must use the 'no vote' option if there are no candidates with a 'clean' record.\"There is an option under the rule 49-O, where a person can register their names into 17A register available with the polling officer, and declare that one is not voting. If none of the candidates are worthy of their votes, people must exercise this. We should not vote for the corrupt,\" she said.Speaking about Anna's last fast in Mumbai, Bedi claimed that the hunger strike was no failure as it was made out to be.\"By the third day of the strike, people did come in despite the venue in Mumbai being inaccessible. However, we could not go on as Anna was not physically well. We cannot be in an agitation mode all the time,\" she said.Criticising the government's version of Lokpal bill, Bedi said, \"While all employees were left out of the purview of Lokpal Bill, they included NGOs and put clauses where even a pujari or priest could come under it,\" she said.Bedi hinted on another agitation during the next session of Rajya Sabha for a fool proof Lokpal Bill. \"We will resume the fight, if they continue on their efforts to pass a weak Lokpal bill. If the bill is passed, we will watch how it is implemented,\" she added.She urged Tamil Nadu to pass a Lokpal bill similar to the bill passed by Uttarakhand .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128615", "title": "Cong goes hi-tech: Laptops for district chiefs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress has gone hi-tech. Moving beyond shawls, trophies and larger-than-life images of top Congress leaders, Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee (DPCC) has decided to boost the morale of its grassroots leadership with laptops.All 14 district Congress presidents in the national capital are being handed out laptops at workers' meetings being held in the districts in the run up to the MCD polls.The state unit of the party has already organized workers' meetings in 11 districts. These are a show of strength before the election campaign gains momentum and aim to motivate party workers. One such meeting took place on Saturday evening in Old Delhi and another is scheduled for Sunday in New Delhi parliamentary constituency. The last is slated next week at Adarsh Nagar. While it is commonplace to have senior leaders of political parties being honoured with flowers, shawls and trophies, a laptop as a morale booster is a rare sight. However, Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee president JP Aggarwal has chosen to woo his district presidents with nothing less than a laptop.\"These laptops are being given to the district presidents with a message that former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi was the one who advocated the need to make the country a technology hub. He was in favour of introducing computers and IT industry in the country. The laptops will inspire our district presidents to spread Rajiv Gandhi's message,\" Aggarwal said, justifying the move.When asked what will the district presidents do with these laptops, the DPCC president said, \"These days every child knows how to operate a computer. We hope the district presidents will use these laptops to access the party website, store data on workers and enhance their knowledge through the internet.\"He also said that to ensure people have all the information regarding various programmes related to the election campaign, the website of the state unit of the party is being updated from time to time. \"After the district-level meetings are over next week, we plan to start public meetings where we will highlight the failures of BJP, which rules the MCD, and inform people about the achievements of the Congress-led state government and the reforms initiated by it from 2002 to 2007 when the Congress was in power in MCD,\" he added.While terming trifurcation of MCD a fallout of poor governance of BJP, the Congress is all set to strike a friendly chord with the voters by driving home the point that three new corporations would make interaction between the civic body and the people easy.Earlier, JP Aggarwal had opposed trifurcation of the corporation, which was chief minister Sheila Dikshit's ambitious project.However, after Congress president Sonia Gandhi stepped in to resolve the impasse favouring Dikshit's stand on the trifurcation, Aggarwal decided to toe the party line.The BJP too is gearing up to take on the Congress. State unit president Vijender Gupta says that besides the traditional methods of campaigning, BJP is going to use social media to reach out to people. The state unit also plans to widen the information base through its website.\"We plan to reach out to Delhiites with two prime issues. First, we will tell them how the Congress-led state government has failed to combat inflation and price rise. The water and power tariff issues will also be raked up. We will also highlight corruption in the Congress-led Central and state governments,\" Gupta added. He said Games-related allegations of corruption will be highlighted during the campaign.All 14 district Congress presidents in the national capital are being handed out laptops at workers' meetings being held in the districts in the run up to the MCD polls", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "12136045", "title": "India to have Emigration Authority to monitor migration: Ravi", "text": "DUBAI: India will soon have an authority to monitor and facilitate migration of its citizens to other countries, with a comprehensive database of Indians working abroad, Minister for Oversees Indian Affairs, Vayalar Ravi has said.Speaking to reporters in Qatar's capital Doha, he said the government plans to bring a legislation in this regard in the next parliamentary session.He said the Emigration Authority would facilitate regular, and legal migration of its citizens to other countries, and once such an authority comes into force, the government will have all details of its citizens migrating to other countries for a variety of reasons including work.\"We are trying to bring about the legislation in the next session of Parliament,\" Ravi told a press conference at the Indian embassy in Doha.He also said that the next Pravasi Bharatiya Divas, attracts people of Indian-origin from across the world, will be held in Dubai from October 12-13.Touching subjects of significance to Indian expatriates in the Gulf region, Ravi said the government will help pay a portion of the construction costs for crematoriums and social centres at five locations in the UAE .He said he has approved the use of the Indian Community Welfare Fund (ICWF) for building cremation facilities and community centres in the emirates of Sharjah, Ajman, Umm Al Quwain, Abu Dhabi and Al Ain.A crematorium is already being built in Sharjah after Ruler of Sharjah, Sheikh Sultan bin Mohammed Al Qasimi, donated land for that purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "in the firing line for lawyers'conduct at city civil court on friday, advocates association president k n subba reddy tells stoi that it was police failure that led to the escalation of a minor scuffle between lawyers and journalists. excerpts", "code": "12130027", "title": "Anti-socials indulged in trouble: Reddy", "text": "In the firing line for lawyers'conduct at City Civil Court on Friday, advocates association president K N Subba Reddy tells STOI that it was police failure that led to the escalation of a minor scuffle between lawyers and journalists. Excerpts:Bangaloreans witnessed unpardonable behaviour from the lawyers' fraternity on Friday. What according to you was the provocation? I want to clarify that all those who were engaged in that behaviour were not lawyers. Anti-social elements purchased black coats and paraded as lawyers. I know for a fact that nearly 2,000 to 3,000 persons landed in Bangalore from Andhra Pradesh and Bellary and created trouble. The governing council will investigate this.Are you saying there was not a single lawyer in Friday's melee? There may have been a few. But to blame the entire fraternity for the lawlessness is wrong. It appears that the chaos was a planned one and it went out of control. Lawyers are not against the media. That again was a wrong inference. It was complete unpreparedness on the part of police to handle the Janardhan Reddy case proceedings.Who, according to you, is responsible for turning the City Civil Court into a war zone? Mirji. The city police commissioner must take the blame for what happened. It's his failure. He allowed police to go ahead and ransack lawyers' cars and set them ablaze. Did he have permission to get into a court premises? As per rules, he should take permission from judicial magistrate. Instead, he ordered a lathi charge. They could have exercised some restraint.But the lawyers were in no mood to relent. They began pelting stones even on the fire engines when the police outpost was up in flames? How else could police bring the situation under control? As I said earlier, it was anti-social elements who ran amok. Police should have been prepared for any such scenario. It's their job to maintain law and order, not the advocates association.What next? The governing council is meeting today. We will investigate and find out who started the trouble. Judicial inquiry will reveal the truth. We will request the Chief Justice of Karnataka high court not to conduct any high profile case proceedings within the city limits. Let them shift it to Parappana Agrahara. City police is not capable of handling the crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128188", "title": "No eco-friendly colours from forestry department; NGOs step in", "text": "NAGPUR: Holi is round the corner and the markets will soon be full of various colours, masks, pichkaris and other things which one associates with the festival. But what we won't see this year is Fagun, the eco-friendly, herbal colours promoted by the Social Forestry Department (SFD).A few years back, SFD had started a campaign to promote the use of eco-friendly Holi colours with much fanfare and put up stalls of Fagun colours in an attempt to popularize it.But all the pomp and show seems to be fizzing out since last year when the production of the colours dipped.\"We don't have funding to carry out the production of these colours. The tribal department generally provides us the money, but this year , even after sending a proposal, we haven't got the fundsLast year, we sold some natural colours, but this year we are not,\" said ND Choudhari, divisional manager, Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM), Bhandara.He said that this was just a social initiative of the department and since the production of eco-friendly Holi colours was expensive, without the backup of funds they had scrapped the production of Fagun.SS Patil, deputy director, SDM, Nagpur said that the sale of Fagun in Nagpur had stopped last year itself. \"Maybe in Bhandara some natural colours were sold. The production of these colours was never in our hands. A few years back we just promoted self-help groups in tribal areas, attempting to provide them funds for the production of natural colours. But due to financial and other reasons we cannot do it any longer,\" Patil said.He further said that they had campaigned for spreading awareness among people to play eco-friendly Holi. \"We did that last year, and will do so this time too,\" said Patil.In the absence of Fagun, city NGOs have taken up the cause of providing people with herbal colours in their own capacity. Arranya Environment Organization is holding an awareness drive at RBI Square at 9am on Sunday.\"We will be encouraging people to use eco-friendly colours and play dry Holi with minimum water this year,\" said Raj Madankar, founder president of the organization. They will also be putting up a stall for the sale of herbal colours which they have produced.\"Manufacturing of these colours is an expensive task since a lot of manual labour is required in collecting flowers and so on. We collect flowers throughout the year and dry them to make powder for making colours,\" informed Madankar.Nisarg Vigyan Mandal founder president Vijay Ghuge said that his organization was producing these natural colours on a small scale and will strive to make it available at least to its members and friends.\"Apart from this, we have teamed up with Centre for Environment Education to campaign for eco-friendly Holi. We have been going to school and giving them tips on making natural colours for Holi,\" Ghuge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "12127629", "title": "Man bobbitised in Nawada", "text": "NAWADA: A 35-year-old villager, Ram Briksh Mahto, was allegedly bobbitised by a mother of two children at Marui village under Roh police station of Nawada district on Friday night under mysterious circumstances.The police are yet to ascertain the reason behind the bobbitisation. Ram Briksha has been admitted to Nawada Sadar Hospital on Saturday.However, the deputy superintendent of Nawada Sadar Hospital, Dr Wimal Prasad Singh, informed that bobbitisation was possible only on an erect penis. Nawada Town police station sub-inspector P C Yadav, who came to record the victim's statement at Sadar Hospital on Saturday afternoon, too, stated that no woman would bobbitise a man unless threatened sexually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12128604", "title": "Brainpower: NPS student cracks the spelling code", "text": "BANGALORE: Samvida S Venkatesh, a Class IX student of National Public School, Indiranagar, won the city finale of HDFC Life Spell Bee, India Spells 2012, powered by The Times of India in association with Horlicks. The event was held at Bangalore Gayana Samaja, KR Road, on Saturday.Samvida, who kept a lead from the beginning and asserted it even more at the final rapid fire round, made the competition look like cakewalk. \"I am a voracious reader. I started reading books at the age of four. I think it's this habit over the years that helped me here,\" said the JK Rowling fan.Samvida outperformed 900 students from 72 city schools who had taken the preliminary exam in the first part of the day. After the first round, 10 students were chosen for the finals.\"Spelling out words is almost a reflex action for me. It's annoying to see others misspell words. Every time I see a word misspelled, I say the correct spelling to myself,\" she said. Samvida will now compete in the national finals with 31 students from various cities.It was a proud moment for Samvida's mother, Veena S Venkatesh, who was in the auditorium watching her daughter emerge as the winner. \"Events such as these give good exposure to children. It boosts up their confidence and becomes a good learning platform,\" she said.Interestingly, four of the 10 finalists were from NPS, Indiranagar. Another student was from the Koramangala branch of the same school. \"The language training in the school helps. Moreover, a library is compulsory for everybody. Even among students who dislike reading initially, the interest will slowly develop. This helps in the long run,\" said Shanta Chandra, principal, NPS, Indiranagar.The first runner-up Lavanya K, a student of Presidency School, RT Nagar, is a familiar face at the event as she has participated in the past three editions of Spell Bee. Lavanya, who scored 44 points, lost the first place by just one point. R Reshma from NPS Indiranagar was the second runner up. Nine of the 10 finalists were girls.The finals were divided into four rounds-picture trail, power spell, poesy and rapid fire-all texting the students' vocabulary and dexterity of the mind. In the first round, the student had to spell out the word described through a picture. Students were to spell out a complex word in the second round. In poesy, participants had to find out misspelled words in a poem and correct them. In the fourth round, students had to spell as many words as possible in the one minute allotted to them.The national finals will be conducted in Mumbai. The winner will represent India in Washington DC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12133032", "title": "Insinuations against courts in Aarushi case: SC warns Talwars", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has warned dentist couple Rajesh and Nupur Talwar from indulging in \"irresponsible insinuations\" on court proceedings relating to the sensational murders of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj.A bench of Justices B S Chauhan and J S Khehar had on March 2 dismissed the couple's plea for transfer of the trial of the murder case to Delhi on grounds of hostile atmosphere, inconvenience besides attributing bias to the special CBI judge dealing with the case.The apex court noted that though the Talwars did not press their charge of bias against the judge, yet inferences drawn against the court including the Allahabad High Court was contemptuous as was alleged by the CBI which had opposed the transfer plea.\"We have no doubt, that the basis on which the petitioners (Talwars) are seeking transfer of proceedings are just speculative and unjustified apprehensions based inter alia on vague and non-specific allegations.\"We also wish to caution the petitioners, from making any irresponsible insinuations with reference to court proceedings,\" the bench in its order observed.The Talwars had drawn certain inferences against the CBI judge after he turned down their plea on February 28, 2011, for exemption from personal appearance in the case.\"Although we could have initiated action against the petitioners, yet, in the peculiar facts and circumstances of this case, we refrain ourselves from doing so.\"However, we consider it just and appropriate to warn the petitioners from any such impertinence in future,\" the bench said.Aarushi, 14, the only daughter of the Talwars, was found dead at the family's Noida residence on the intervening night of May 15-16, 2008. The body of the Talwars' servant Hemraj was found next day on the terrace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12127880", "title": "Court stay on redevelopment of Jewish school", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court has asked for a status quo to be maintained at the century-old Jewish landmark, Sir Elly Kadoorie School on St Mary's Road, in Mazgaon.The school's trustees have challenged a single judge's order directing the office of the charity commission (CC) to invite fresh bids for the redevelopment.A division bench on February 28, heard appeals by Sir Elly Kadoorie School Trust, a chawl with 24 tenants and the developer against the December 7, 2011, order of Justice Girish Godbole. The judge had held that there was suppression of $1 million donation offered on May 25, 2000, by Hong Kong-based tycoon Sir Michael Kadoorie, who heads the Kadoorie Charitable Foundation (KCF), to repair the school named after his grandfather.Trust's counsel Prasad Dhakephalkar submitted that the money pledged was never received. He said KCF imposed conditions for appointing non-Jews on the Trust, which was refused by the trustees.He said the trustees later even agreed to let KCF nominees on the repair committee, but \"the money did not come.\" The petition said the BMC in 2007 declared the school building dangerous. In November 2008, the trustees resolved to redevelop the property.They finalized a developer and the joint CC on May 6, 2010, granted sanction for development. A nominated trustee, Yafa Simon, moved HC challenging the JCC's order staing that there was no \"reason to alienate the property\" considering Kadoorie's donation offer. Justice Godbole set aside the JCC's order. \"The school is in a dilapidated condition and there is no question of accepting a new offer,\" Dhakephalkar argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129991", "title": "Governor slams intelligence failure", "text": "Governor HR Bhardwaj sees Friday's incident of advocates-media-police clash as an \"intelligence failure\". Expressing displeasure over the ruckus near City Civil Court premises, Bhardwaj on Saturday blamed police intelligence failure for the extended law-and-order problem. \"It was an intelligence failure; police should have taken precautions,\" he told a delegation of mediapersons which met him on Saturday and submitted a memorandum seeking his intervention to direct the government to initiate action against culprits.Bhardwaj said soon after learning about the incident on Friday, he sought a detailed report from chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda. \"If need be, I'll invite the CM for a discussion,\" he added. The delegation brought to the notice of the governor about stones being stored on the court premises which indicated it was a planned attack.Mediapersons expressed reservations about the judicial inquiry into the incident, saying it was an eyewash to avoid its responsibility to deliver justice. Mediapersons rapped government and police for not arresting the guilty despite footage showing lawyers on the rampage. \"It's hard to understand why police made no arrests so far,\" they said.Bhardwaj suggested a place be earmarked in courtrooms for mediapersons in the backdrop of high-profile cases being heard in several courts.Finally, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda used tough words to send out a message to the erring advocates. \"We will deal goondaism with an iron hand. There is no concession for anybody,\" he said. The CM added: \"I have directed police to initiate tough action and the process to arrest the accused is on.\" On journalists' scepticism over judicial probe, he said: \"It will help nail down the culprits.\"Editors' body condemns attackNEW DELHI: The Broadcast Editors' Association expressed concern at the Friday incident, saying it was aimed at frightening the media into submission.The association formed a committee to probe into the Karnataka assembly incident where MLAs were caught watching porn.\"There seems to be a pattern in these incidents suggesting an attempt is being made to frighten the media, particularly because it works in the most sublime public interest,\" said the apex body of electronic media professionals.The association decided to constitute a 5-member fact-finding panel to go into the assembly incident. It will submit its report within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "gondal (rajkot)", "code": "12129903", "title": "Burglars decamp with 500 gram gold from farmer's house", "text": "GONDAL (RAJKOT): Burglars targeted a farmer's house in Kolithad village of Gondal taluka on Friday night and decamped with 500 gram gold jewellery on Friday night.The burgled house belonged to Gordhan Rupareliya. Police said that the burglary occurred when Rupareliya's son was away along with his wife and children and when Rupareliya was asleep along with wife and other family members in the bedroom.\"The thieves locked the bedroom from outside and broke the door lock of the room of Rupareliya's son. They broke the safe and committed the theft. Before leaving, they also picked up the motorcycle parked in the courtyard,\" said an official of Gondal rural police.The theft was detected when Rupareliya's son returned in the wee hours of Saturday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132103", "title": "'My work has always highlighted the struggles of women'", "text": "At its heart, Saving Face is a celebration of all the good in a cesspool of ugly. Resilient acid attack survivors, strong-willed parliamentarians passing the Acid Crime Prevention bill, perseverant organisations rebuilding victims' lives and a noble doctor pulling off an inspiring Swades act; the 40-minute documentary short fetes the heroes as much as it chastises the villains of the Pakistani society.This perhaps explains why Pakistani-Canadian Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy, who recently won an Oscar for co-directing the film with American documentarian Daniel Junge, finds this anecdote as her most special memory while making the film.\"While she is undergoing treatment from Pakistani-British surgeon Dr Muhammad Jawad, Rukhsana, one of the two protagonists, learns that she is pregnant. Just before her son's birth, she says she would like to name him after Dr Jawad, instead of the child's father, who is also her attacker. She stresses that she would like her son to grow up to be like her doctor, who is looking out for her well-being and is securing their future,\" says the multi-award winner.Although Sharmeen has made 15 acclaimed films addressing issues ranging from young Taliban-trained suicide bombers to the emerging women's movement in Saudi Arabia , it was destiny that Sharmeen was to stumble upon this horrifying practice of acid attacks as her latest film subject.Two years ago, Daniel telephoned Sharmeen to tell her of the compelling story that was waiting to be told. \"He had heard Jawad on the radio, talk about the surgery he performed on Katie Piper, a British model who was an acid attack victim. Daniel called Jawad and asked him whether he was aware how common acid attacks were in his home country. When Jawad told him that he regularly travelled to Pakistan to work with and perform reconstructive surgeries on acid violence survivors, Daniel immediately flew to Pakistan to explore the subject. Soon after he began the initial filming, he approached me to become the co-director.\"As Sharmeen was based in either Toronto or Karachi, she was an alien to the far-off agrarian Saraiki region in the Punjab province - Pakistan's hotbed of acid violence. Devoid of sufficient employment opportunities and replete with illiteracy, these rural areas have been breeding grounds for barbarian jilted lovers and husbands from hell. Sharmeen says, \"When our team went to Saraiki, the Acid Survivors Foundation (ASF) which was treating and rehabilitating acid attack victims, helped us meet survivors and their families. Acid violence is at its worst here because acid is widely available due to its use as a cleaning agent in cotton production. After spending much time on the ground with survivors and local communities, we were able to find two brave women - Zakia and Rukhsana - who were eager to tell their story to the world.\"While Zakia's husband, a raging alcoholic, drug-addicted gambler, hurled acid on her face in public, Rukhsana's husband and mother-in-law doused her with petrol and acid before setting her on. Sharmeen says, \"It was very challenging for me, emotionally, to see my own countrywomen suffer such torment and continue to endure such devastating conditions. I was in the frontlines when the Pakistani parliament criminalised acid violence. That's when Zakia got justice as her husband became the first man to receive life imprisonment under the law. Witnessing all of that and being able to convey Zakia's struggle and triumph to the world brought me immense satisfaction.\"Despite more than 150 cases of acid violence getting reported annually in Pakistan, it is a systemically underreported crime, Sharmeen says. \"I felt strongly about this issue and I'm drawn to narratives that showcase women's determination and highlight structural and cultural injustices that impact marginalised segments of society. I believe that bringing such conditions to the world's attention facilitates critical discourse and is the first step in prompting social change.\"All this positivity, Sharmeen, has been honing from her childhood. Born and raised in Karachi as the eldest of six siblings, she coaxed her parents to allow her to pursue her bachelors at Smith College in the US. She then acquired two master's degrees from Stanford University before marrying her high school sweetheart Fahd Chinoy, who is now an investment banker.A year and a half ago, the couple had their baby Amelia. Once she is done running the grand Oscar victory lap, there's lots left to be done, she feels. \"Now that effective legislation has been passed, people need to be educated about these laws. Its implementation is crucial. To combat acid violence, we need to educate the people in the areas where it is most common, making them aware of the severe and prolonged consequences. We hope to initiate this process through the campaign, and stimulate critical discourse through the film,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12137454", "title": "Landslides delay repolling in 4 Tamenglong booths", "text": "IMPHAL: Repolling in 63 booths under nine constituencies in the five hill districts of Senapati, Ukhrul, Churachandpur, Tamenglong and Chandel was held on Sunday amid heavy security with more than 60% turnout recorded. The exercise was supposed to be held in 67 booths but owing to heavy landslides triggered in the remote Tamei constituency in Tamenlong district, poll officials could not reach four booths forcing the Election Commission to defer the exercise till Monday.Other than sporadic incidents ranging from verbal duel among candidates' workers and detaining of poll agents of an NPF candidate by rivals, the second round repoll was by and large peaceful.Electorates entered their respective booths to cast their votes after passing through two layers of frisking posts. Over fifty companies of central paramilitary forces were deployed for the repoll. DIG (Range-II) of state police, Chandramani Singh said 18 companies of CRPF and two others from Tripura Assam police were deployed in Chandel district bordering Myanmar.Of the 67 polling stations, Chandel constituency witnessed the highest number of polling booths with 25 followed by Tadubi in Senapati with 10 booths. \"I have come out to vote for the third time in this 2012 election. Let this be the last election event for the tenth assembly,\" quipped Shangshang Anal (40), a woman voter at Modi polling station in Chandel constituency.Meanwhile, NPF candidate and legislature K Raina, who is contesting from Tadubi constituency, said that workers of his rival Congress candidate, besides bashing up his polling agents, also prevented them from entering their respective polling stations in Willong, Shangkhumai and Rajamai.\"They (Congress workers) also snatched the service weapon from my personal security officer. To defend their mounting attack on our team, some round were fired by my escort personnel. I have lodged a complaint on the matter with the election authorities demanding repoll in the three booths,\" Raina said.Elections 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132796", "title": "Sneha to pair up with Kishore", "text": "Director G N R Kumaravelan is all set to start shooting for his next project. Titled Haridas, the film talks about the life of a father from the point of view of his son.A source in the know reveals, \"While Ninaithale Inikkum and Yuvan Yuvathi were scripted by others, Haridas is GNR's own story and he is keen on making it work. He has roped in Kishore, who has acted in several character-driven roles like in Aadukalam, and Sneha to play the leads. An eight-year-old debutant will play an important character in the film.\"While Rathnavelu will handle the cinematography, Vijay Antony, who was part of GNR's last two movies, will compose the music. Raja Mohammed is the editor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12128065", "title": "Teacher shortage in Hindi schools in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Ramesh Joshi, president of the Brihanmumbai Mahapalika Shikshak Sabha, said it was an irony that there were more teachers employed for Marathi schools, which no longer had as many students.\"There are more students in Hindi and Urdu schools but these educational institutes are suffering from shortage of teachers.\"Speaking of the larger enrolment trend, Joshi said Maharashtrians were not interested in getting an education in Marathi. \"Marathi manoos is one with a Maharashtrian surname, but doesn't know his or her own language,\" Joshi lamented.Between 2008 and 2009, the Brihanmumbai Municpal Corporation folded up 15 of its Marathi schools in line with the student count that has been constantly falling. That year, enrolment rose only in Hindi and English schools, yet it did not prompt the BMC to re-work its elementary education strategy.The BMC did not start new schools to fill the growing demand for English- and Hindi-medium schooling. Nearly 1.17 lakh students have been crammed into 234 Hindi schools, few more than half the Marathi schools that the BMC runs (see box).Educationist Madhav Chavan said the trend is a reflection of Mumbai's demographical change, as well as the fact that middle-class Mumbaikars are sending their kids to English-medium schools. \"It's a fallacy that the BMC caters to poor children. It is the civic body's job to ensure good education is provided,\" he added. The BMC's expenditure on schooling has risen with the civic body spending Rs 1,240 annually on a Standard I student and Rs 2,525 per year on a Standard VII child.Chavan said teachers recruited for Marathi schools must be re-trained to teach in English- and other-medium schools. The situation in the over-crowded English schools, the numbers of which have not risen despite the growing enrolment, is probably equally grim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12137214", "title": "Brahmaputra beach festival organised after 8 years", "text": "GUWAHATI: A carnival-like atmosphere descended on the sand dunes of the Brahmaputra as the white beach turned into an amusement park for a day on Sunday. The Assam Boat Racing and Rowing Association organized the Brahmaputra Beach Festival 2012 at the sand dunes of the Brahmaputra after a gap of eight years.The festival saw a healthy attendance of people, especially young boys and girls accompanied by their parents. Though the heavy river gale blowing specks of the white dust almost created a desert sandstorm-like atmosphere, the guardians of the young boys and girls took part in the competitions and cultural shows that had been organized in the fest.The one-day festival saw enthusiasts of adventure sports take part in their choice of sports like parasailing, kayaking, canoeing, dirt biking and driving all-terrain vehicles.\"I am very excited to be here as I am interested in parasailing and I also love rowing and canoeing,\" said Akash Deka, an adventure sport enthusiast.Absar Hazarika, president of Assam Boat Racing and Rowing Association, said, \"The Brahmahputra Beach Festival was last organized in 2004 and even after eight years, people have come forward to take part in the festival.\" He added, \"The objective of the festival was to create awareness on adventure sports and how outdoor sports can play a healthy role amongst the young boys and girls. Youngsters today are continuously engaging in substance-abuse to escape societal pressures. This is really sad and we must do all we can to stop them.\"The festival was organized with technical support from Assam Tourism. The National Disaster Relief Fund and Assam Police also took part in the beach festival where they set up stalls helping visitors get acquainted with their activities. Navy ship and aero modeling stalls were also set up and there were demonstrations of rowing and kayaking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128538", "title": "Bail pleas of Gupta brothers rejected", "text": "HYDERABAD: A local court on Saturday rejected the anticipatory bail petitions of realtor Gowri Shankar Gupta and his brother Gopal Gupta in the over Rs 280 crore DLF cheating case.The court, however, granted conditional bail to seven others. G S Gupta along with nine associates has been booked for cheating construction firm DLF. The judge, economic offences court, Nampally, rejected the anticipatory bail pleas of G S Gupta and Gopal Gupta, prime accused in the two criminal cases booked by the Central Crime Station (CCS), saying that the cases were still under investigation.The judge directed the seven, to whom bail was granted, to surrender before the 12th additional chief metropolitan magistrate within 10 days. The seven are_ Sarita Gupta, Radheshyam Gupta, Manoj Kumar Sharma, Komal Agarwal, Amit Agarwal, Anita Agarwal, Megha Gupta and Manjari Gupta.They have to execute a bond of Rs 50,000, provide two sureties, surrender their passports, should not leave Hyderabad and appear before the station house officer at CCS on Mondays and Thursdays, the court ordered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128045", "title": "'Maha Lok Adalat will end pendency'", "text": "NAGPUR: Till last year, the pendency of court cases was at an all-time high. New cases were piling up every day while old ones were pushed into oblivion thus leading to increase in their pendency in the entire country.It was a forgone conclusion till 2011 that the huge pendency of cases would take at least 500 years to dispose of fully. But a revolutionary concept of Maha Lok Adalat introduced by Maharashtra judiciary changed the entire perception. The massive response to this mega event conducted simultaneously all over state saw as many as 4 lakh cases resolved in two versions on February 6 and September 18 last year. Even in Nagpur district, nearly 40,000 pending cases were settled.In Nagpur, Maha Lok Adalat was conducted by Nagpur District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) secretary Kishor Jaiswal. The senior civil judge, took out some time out from his busy schedule to talk to TOI.Excerpts from an interview:Q. How has the concept of the Maha Lok Adalat evolved?A. Lok Adalat was originally a part of Legal Services Authorities (LSA) Act, 1987 which laid down guidelines about formation of DLSA in the country. Principal district and session judge remains the chairman of this statutory body while senior civil judge remains a secretary in every district. Collector, commissioner of police, DGP, SP (Rural), and ZP CEO along with social workers are part of 15-member DLSA panel who act as ex-officio members. Lok Adalat was introduced for disposal of cases expeditiously in a conciliatory manner and was based on the Gandhian philosophy. Gandhi mooted this concept when he was lawyer in South Africa. However, the Maha Lok Adalat was introduced for early disposal of cases and to reduce the huge pendency.Q. How are cases classified?A. Basically three types of cases are heard on the Lok Adalat platform - territorial, pecuniary (finance) and subject matter. Many a time, the court refers the matter to the Lok Adalat like what happened in the Agneepath movie case where a dispute over the copyright of a song was referred for mediation.Q. How was the performance of the first two episodes of Maha Lok Adalat?A. In Nagpur Division, the pendency of cases was reduced by 86,000 as compared to last year. The criminal cases pendency was reduced by as much as 79,124 while civil is down by 7,001 in comparison to 2010. A total of 2.71 lakh cases - comprising criminal and civil - were pending by the end of 2010 which came down to 1.9 lakh till January this year in Nagpur city while in taluka courts, 44,145 cases were pending till 2010. The number was brought down to 39,317.Q. What type of cases are settled under Maha Lok Adalat?A. Primarily it includes the Motor Vehicles Act, Weight and Measures Rules, Minimum Wages Act, drunk driving cases, Bombay Prohibition Act and Shops and Establishment Act among others. Moreover cases of petty offences of theft under section 330 and 379 of the IPC and of section 138 related to cheque bounce cases are resolved.Q. In how many courts will the event be conducted?A. It will be held in all courts and tribunals across the district, including district courts, family courts, industrial, labour and cooperative courts. During the sessions, emphasis is on sorting out disputes amicably.Q. What are the benefits to the general public?A. In fact, a host of them. One cannot challenge the settlement of the Maha Lok Adalat in any court and this helps in reducing pendency in higher judiciary as well. Resolving legal cases through this massive exercise not only saves a lot of time and money of litigants but also helps them to reduce the immense stress that comes along.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12130211", "title": "Say hello to PEC fest online", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Setting a unique trend, students of PEC University of Technology are all set to host a \"virtual technical fest\" this year. Vyom - the annual technical event of PEC has an electronic version along with the conventional festival slated for March 23-25, comprising of over 50 events.The fest, e-Vyom, under which some competitions have already begun for initial shortlisting, comprises six online events in which hundreds of budding engineers from across the country are contesting. The events include Math mania, Enigma, Hello world, Envisage, Sci-fi writing, Gizmo'z d key and Inquisitive. Ranging from contests to create the most innovative video online addressing environment concerns to preparing best of business plans and penning the most constructive science fiction write-up, e-Vyom will have it all.\"We are among very few colleges in India who have taken this step to reach out to colleges and universities all over the world through our online events which test creativity, mental ability and gaming ability. The events area is already receiving tremendous response,\" said Niti, the vice-president of the fest.Despite hosting a technical fest, the PEC students have introduced a separate event category for social and environmental initiatives.An ongoing event is REWIND, an inter-hostel paper recycle competition being organized at the PEC campus.\"The fest promises best combination of technology and societal concerns, which is the reason why we introduced e-Vyom and environmental events at the same time,\" added Nishant Madan, a member of the organizing team. On the eve of National Forestry Day, PEC students plan to undertake tree plantation drive at various government schools with the help of forestry department.\"We have already begun online publicity through social networking sites and registrations have started pouring in for online events. PEC students have been visiting engineering colleges like Thapar University, IIT Mandi, NIT Hamirpur, NIT Jalandar, NIT Kurukshetra, IIT Ropar and Roorkee, to publicize e-Vyom,\" added Niti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12134770", "title": "Soundarya is very intelligent, open-minded: Rukmini", "text": "Sounding excited about sharing screen space with legendary superstar in the upcoming \"Kochadaiyaan\", Rukmini Vijayakumar talks about the comfort levels she shared with director Soundarya.\"I found Soundarya very intelligent, open-minded and honest, which made me feel very comfortable working with her. She had no airs, despite being the daughter of a superstar,\" she reveals.Despite being part of an ensemble cast with many big names, Rukmini seems unfazed by the experience. \"Since I'm a relative newcomer to the industry, I didn't really know much about the big names in the industry. However, it sure is very exciting to be playing Rajni's sister in the film, and equally exciting to be part of a 3D film for the first time,\" she says. Having made her debut in the 2008 film \"Bomallattam\", followed by a role in Gandhi Krishna's romantic film \"Ananda Thandavam\" in 2009, Rukmini justifies her three-year hiatus.\"I was not thinking of making a serious career out of films, since I already had my dance performances keeping me busy apart from my dance company, and have been very choosy about my film roles so far. However, I am always open to taking up good offers if they come my way in future,\" she explains.Rukmini was in the city to participate at the Sri Sakthi India Leadership Summit at Le Meridien on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12133833", "title": "Vidya Balan\u2019s beau makes a solo appearance at LFW", "text": "Vidya Balan's boyfriend Siddharth Roy Kapoor was the cynosure of all eyes at the ongoing Lakme Fashion Week in Mumbai. The CEO of UTV Motion Pictures attended the Lakme Fashion Week on day two, Saturday along with Ronnie Screwvala.The moment Siddharth entered, he drove the photographers into frenzy. The paparazzi however was rather disappointed with Vidya Balan's absence who frequents the fashion week quite often especially for designer Sabyasachi Mukherjee . Looks like, the couple has still not thought about making a pubic appearance together.Going by the buzz his presence created, most non-Indians were heard asking their Indian friends , 'Who is this guy'? To which, Siddharth was generally described as, 'Vidya Balan's boyfriend'.After Ekta Kapoor called Vidya, Vidya Balan Khan, given her hero-like stardom and roles she does and enjoys, looks like SRK too will have to acknowledge his lady's extreme popularity.On the brighter side, what we also found adorable was Siddharth's weight loss. The man looks lean and fit even when Vidya's is being appreciated for her weight gain and has no complaints with her body! This couple is definitely different. No gender stereotypes there!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12129041", "title": "CM can't shake off street politics past", "text": "KOLKATA: Is chief minister Mamata Banerjee going against her own government? So it seems from her leading a Trinamool Congress rally in south Kolkata on Saturday when the police have already suspended constable Tarak Das for the assault on a journalist that she had called \"fabricated\".Das was indicted in a departmental inquiry and suspended. There is video footage of him and the mob that beat up a journalist in front of the CPM's Jadavpur zonal committee office at Ganguly Bagan on the February 28 bandh. Mamata - who heads the home (police) department - called the incident \"fabricated\" and accused journalists of \"spreading lies\".On Saturday, she led a rally in the area to protest against the CPM 'conspiracy' in the assault. It seems her past as a firebrand Opposition leader hangs heavy on the chief minister.Driven by her anti-CPM stance, the CM keeps chasing the red ghost when Bengal has already voted them out of power. She made a smart start by giving priority to development but got entangled in an unnecessary show of strength when the people wanted a break. Even her lieutenants in the Trinamool Congress realize it but no one has the guts to tell her the truth.She has tied herself in knots over the Ganguly Bagan assault. The suspension of Das is prima facie admission of the violence on February 28 that Mamata had trashed as a \"cooked up\" incident.Mamata perhaps failed to realize that her walking the streets would amount to defiance of the departmental proceedings against the accused constable.It reminds of the first United Front government in 1967 when chief minister Ajoy Mukherjee went on a fast against his own government.\"It is indeed a paradox. A chief minister is seen on the streets, apparently against what the police have done. In fact, the suspended constable Tarak Das rang me to say that he has been framed. Whatever his defence, the fact will come out in the departmental proceedings,\" said Sunando Sanyal, who played an active role in bringing about a change in government.The CM has made hasty comments on a number of rapes as well - Park Street, Katwa, Falta - while the prosecution's findings went contrary to her claims of fabrication.Mamata's rally on Saturday indicates that she still clings to her tit-for-tat street politics that doesn't fit with her new stature. She could have easily refrained from joining the blame game and left it to the police and the court to unearth the truth.Even her predecessor Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, who badly lost in the 2011 assembly elections, did not walk the streets after police took action.There is no denying the fact that people caught in the traffic jam in south Kolkata suffered just as bad as in Baguiati in the north where Left Front chairman Biman Bose hit the streets against the \"partisan role of the police\" in the Rajarhat violence on bandh day.CPM North 24-Parganas district secretary Gautam Deb also runs the risk of pre-judging the Rajarhat violence that is under investigation. Even as Rajarhat locals are not in a mood to give a clean chit to either of the public representatives - Rajarhat-Gopalpur municipality chairman Tapas Chatterjee and Trinamool MLA Sabyasachi Datta - the fact remains that police slapped non-bailable sections on CPM supporters. The Left Front used to do the same thing against Trinamool when they were in power.Lawyer Arunava Ghosh would rather that the CM stuck to her brief. \"What's the use of hitting the streets on matters being looked into by the police or pending before the court? It does not go well with the chief minister's good office. The CM should stick to her promise of development and good governance that can take the state forward,\" Ghosh said.On Saturday, two persons were arrested for the Katwa rape and were remanded in police custody. The police action and the judicial ruling are completely at odds with Mamata's surmise that the woman had made a \"false complaint\". In the Park Street rape, too, a court extended the jail custody of the accused by two weeks. There was much confusion even on Saturday when the police accepted an FIR against Trinamool MLA Sabyasachi Datta after much delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12134951", "title": "Congress distances from Beni's view on tie up with BSP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Sunday distanced itself from Union minister Beni Prasad Verma pitching for a post-poll alliance with BSP in Uttar Pradesh, saying it was his personal opinion.\"Whatever Verma said was his personal opinion. The party high command will take a decision after taking into account all the aspects only after results are out on March 6,\" Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi said.Verma had earlier in the day told a TV channel, \"I personally prefer BSP to SP. Mayawati has controlled lawlessness from Kanpur to Etah. This is my personal opinion.\"Congress has, however, being saying that all these years law and order situation has been worse in UP.Asked whether he was ruling out any tie-up between Congress and BSP, Alvi said, \"I do not want to answer a hypothetical question. Wait for results. Congress will take a decision when results are out and we are hopeful that results will be in our favour.\"Verma's views have been rejected as personal by UP Congress Legislature Party leader Pramod Tiwari too.Meanwhile, a Congress leader dismissed the possibility of joining hands with BSP.\"Any alliance with BSP not possible,\" he said on condition of anonymity.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128142", "title": "Malaysian national held at RGIA", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Malaysian national was detained early on Saturday by customs officials at the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport for carrying cash of Rs 6 lakh.Sources said that Krishnan Ganesh, 37, arrived in the city a few days back on a business visit and was due to return to Malaysia on Saturday. Officials quizzed him about the source of the money and his reason for carrying such a large quantity of cash to Malaysia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "namakkal ( tamil nadu )", "code": "12135918", "title": "Advocate and family members among six killed in accident", "text": "NAMAKKAL ( Tamil Nadu ): An advocate and four members of his family were among six killed on Sunday when the car in which they were travelling rammed into a divider at Varamathi in the district, police said.The victims were on their way from Athur in Salem district to attend a marriage when the mishap occurred, they said.The advocate, who was driving the car, his wife, son and his mother-in law were among those killed.The injured have been hospitalised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12128984", "title": "Chinese rechargeable gadgets find a new market as Madurai fights power woes", "text": "MADURAI: With the power crisis worsening in the state and the 45-minute power outage during the night, people in Madurai have resorted to buying rechargeable electrical gadgets like fans and bulbs of Chinese make. Small electrical shops at East Anumandarayar temple street and other narrow stretches in the city are buzzing with the brisk sale and shop owners state that they are not able to meet the sudden surge of demand.Ajith, a salesman in an electrical shop at East Anumandarayar temple street says that 250 rechargeable fans of Chinese make were sold on Saturday alone. \"We are selling a lot of rechargeable bulbs which are also of Chinese make. Earlier, we sold a rechargeable fan or bulb once in a week and there were a lot of Indian company makes as well, with a six month warranty. But after the power cuts during the night began, people started thronging the shops asking for these gadgets,\" he said.Most of the Chinese products do not have a warranty and many shops have pasted disclaimers stating that they will not provide the warranty. It is purely left to the buyer's discretion to procure the Chinese makes, they say. \"We have pasted the notice after people started complaining about the substandard products. We told customers very clearly that it was their choice to buy the Chinese products. All the Indian makes have been exhausted long back and there is no supply from the manufacturers,\" said one shop owner.\"However, people still come asking for the Chinese rechargeable gadgets because they have no other way to cope with the power cuts at night. These rechargeable fans and bulbs have a two-hour back up when recharged for eight hours and cost from Rs 1,200 to Rs 2,500. While the Indian makes come with a six months warranty for the battery, they cost a little higher than the Chinese makes,\" another salesman said. \"Few of the customers come back to pick up quarrels about their gadgets failing but we have insisted that the shops cannot provide any warranty for these gadgets,\" he said.People feel that these electric gadgets provide some respite to them especially as the summer is gaining momentum. \"Houses with infants are worst hit due to the power cuts at nights that have 45 minute slots. The power goes off more than two to three times at nights. I had no other option but to pick a rechargeable fan so that my daughter can get some sleep at night,\" said Saravanan, a medical representative from Aathikulam, Madurai who has a four-year old child. \"We are aware that the Chinese gadgets are prone to failing, but we have no other options but to go for them,\" said Rathinakumar of K Pudur area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12127789", "title": "Interim relief for film director Sanjay Gupta", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court has granted interim protection to film director Sanjay Gupta in the forgery case.On Saturday morning, Gupta filed an anticipatory bail application before the court. His counsel Ameet Naik said: \"He (Gupta) has been granted interim protection and the case will be heard on Monday.''The Versova police issued summons to Gupta to present himself within 48 hours to explain his case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128641", "title": "Last shot: MCD calls tender for Defence Colony parking", "text": "NEW DELHI: MCD has decided to revive the controversial multi-level parking project in Defence Colony. On the last working day, MCD has directed the commissioner to invite tenders for the project.The project was put on the back burner after protests from the resident welfare association (RWA) of the Defence Colony in 2008.The proposal to invite tenders for the automated multi-level parking was placed before the standing committee on Saturday. \"The project was never cancelled. We couldn't start it earlier, as we had to take permission from the agencies concerned. Now that we have all the approvals, work can start soon,'' said VP Pandey, member of the MCD standing committee. The matter was not part of the meeting's agenda and was placed separately.In 2008, MCD had approved two multi-level parking projects in Defence Colony and GK-I M-block. According to the proposal, a six-storey automated multi-level parking was approved in a portion of the land in the roundabout near the Defence Colony market. At present, the 3,314 sq metre area is with the MCD horticulture department. \"A commercial complex was proposed on the ground and first floor, and a four-storey underground parking. The proposed parking has space for 900 cars and 100 scooters. This will end the parking problem in the area,\" said an MCD official.But following stiff opposition from Defence Colony RWA and market association the project was put on hold. The MCD plans to construct the parking on a built-operate-transfer basis.The parking will be managed by a private concessionaire for a period of 35 years.The civic agency's decision to revive the project has come as a rude shock to the Defence Colony RWA.The parking project was put on the back burner after protests from the RWA of Defence Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132807", "title": "Narain in Hariharan's next", "text": "Narain has been roped in to play the lead in director Hariharan's next, the script of which is being done by writer M T Vasudevan Nair.The Anjathey actor, who is currently in Kochi shooting for director B Unnikrishnan's Mohanlal-starrer Grandmaster, says, \"It's an honour to be part of the duo's project. The shoot is scheduled to start in April.\"Indrajith, brother of Prithviraj, is also part of the film that is said to champion a social cause. Narain might essay the role of a historian in the film.Right now, he's busy juggling between the shoot of Grandmaster and Mugamoodi, in which he plays he essays the role of a villain for the first time in his career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12130353", "title": "There\u2019s a driverless car right behind you", "text": "Driverless cars are coming. They will overtake, give way, stop at red lights, allow pedestrians to cross, drive in their lanes - all of this without human intervention. Some cars already have features like automatic parking and cruise control. And one company has taken a lead in the race to build a car that will drive itself , a company that has never made a car in the past - Google.Sebastian Thrun is a Google fellow - a title reserved for the company's most distinguished scientists - and an expert in artificial intelligence. Thrun wants to transform the way humans commute. \"As a boy, I loved cars. But when I was 18, I lost my best friend in a car accident,\" Thrun said at a TED (Technology, Entertainment and Design) talk in Long Beach , California , last year. \"I decided then that I would dedicate my life to saving one million people (who die in accidents) every year.\"Thrun's mission led him to a driverless car competition organized by DARPA, the US military's top research agency. In 2004, the car that came in first travelled about 11 miles before spluttering to a stop. The following year, the vehicle designed by Thrun's team completed the challenge, driving 212 kms in the Mojave Desert in a little under seven hours.Google, which had got the same idea as Thrun, asked him to come to the company's Mountain View headquarters and start work on cars that could drive themselves. So Thrun put together a team of engineers, including Chris Urmson, who had taken part in the DARPA challenges.The result was a fleet of seven modified Toyota Prius cars (see box) that roam San Francisco and the Mountain View area - without any hands-on help from a driver.The cars drive themselves through everyday traffic, without killing anybody . (That bit is important.) \"The heart of the system is the data we get from the spinning laser mounted on top of the car. This data allows the car to see the world around it,\" Urmson told the audience at a conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems last year.\"Our car sees the world on two levels . The static world and the live world,\" he said. The static world consists of objects that don't move or change. Like driving lanes and road barriers. But people, vehicles, traffic lights change or move. Once the car identifies the moving objects around it, it starts tracking their movements in real time. This allows the car to make driving adjustments like giving way or overtaking.Despite never making a mistake on its 200,000-mile run - a Google claim - the driverless car is not yet ready for the market. \"But,\" says the Google spokesperson, \"we think the cars are years away, not decades.\" To begin with, there are technical challenges. \"We're still working on handling severe weather conditions like snow.\"But even when Google irons out all the kinks, the driverless cars will still require a semblance of order on the roads to be able to function. Which means for countries like India with notoriously chaotic roads, it could be decades before the cars are let loose.Then there are the legal and social challenges. Like who is to be held responsible should an accident occur?Rohit Baluja, president of the Institute for Road Traffic Education, says, \"The vehicles will obviously cut down on human error and that will make our roads safer. But how will these well-behaved robotic cars deal with human drivers? What if somebody indicates he's turning left, but at the very last moment turns right?\" As for who would actually be responsible , Baluja says, \"At the moment, we don't have the laws needed to decide that.\"Just as tough to crack will be the social problem. Google says that when the driverless cars do arrive on the market , \"some hesitancy is to be expected .\" But adds, \"The cars don't take control away from the driver... \" People can take back the reins from their cars any time they wish to. That's comforting.Look no handsGoogle says, for now, before putting the car on a particular route, a human driver first 'maps' the way, including lane markers and traffic signs, by driving 'manually' . This allows the driverless car to familiarise itself with the 'route environment and its characteristics' in advance The car uses its spinning laser, camera and sensors to create a 360-degree image of its surroundings. That allows the car to create a 'safe bubble' between itself and all objects The data received is processed by an off-the-shelf computer with a quadcore processor, which can process 1.3 million measurements and make about 20 driving decisions every second. Which means, if there is an obstacle on the road, say a pedestrian, the driverless car can step on the brakes Data like speed limits are already known to the system.The driverless car always stays within the speed limit and obeys all traffic rules, which makes him a consistently safe driver Four radar sensors, three up front and one at the back, determine how near or far surrounding objects are A spinning laser on the roof of the car takes 360-degree measurements A video camera near the rear-view mirror detects changing traffic lights Computer makes 20 driving decisions a second", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12129247", "title": "Ballot finally secret for these voters", "text": "PANAJI: His mind's eye assures him that his vote is protected by total secrecy.Visually impaired for 31 of his 48 years, Vincent Monteiro cast his vote for his favoured candidate at the Segundo Bairro polling booth in St Cruz assembly constituency with full faith in the secret ballot, like all his fellow voters blessed with vision.Monteiro has been voting since 1989 when Victor Gonsalves emerged as the youngest MLA from St Cruz. But this is the first time in more than two decades that he has voted independently, without help either from a family member or the polling officer.\"It feels good, really good. All these years we have slogged to vote without anyone's help. Now this has been made possible,\" Monteiro told STOI after casting his vote without fear or bias.Monteiro, along with over 40 other visually-impaired voters across the state, were handed their right to vote independently after Braille-enabled electronic voting machines (EVMs) were made available for the first time in the state.\"All EVMS are Braille-enabled on the right. A Braille sheet is also available in each and every booth,\" said Monteiro, who was visited at home by all three leading candidates in St Cruz-Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate (Congress), Dinar Tarcar (BJP) and Rudolf Fernandes (independent)-for his support.The Braille initiative from the election commission is laudable, although clearly not enough.For the past three months, Monteiro, along with the National Association for the Blind (NAB), have played a crucial role in educating visually-impaired voters in exercising their votes.\"As a first step, the mamlatdar with the help of village panchayats identified visually-impaired voters in Goa. There are 4,000 visually impaired in Goa of which at least 2,500 would be eligible to vote. But when we had the informative classes in each taluka, only 40-50 turned up. This is still a good start for all of us,\" said Monteiro, who is secretary of the NAB in Goa.Sharing Monteiro's joy is Luiza D'Mello who cast her vote, independently, just after noon at Saipem in Candolim.\"Just like any other individual, we now have the right to cast our vote secretly. Nobody should know who we vote for. I am happy that our right has been finally handed to us,\" said Luiza.Others, only to name a few, who were overjoyed include Uday Dessai (Xeldem, Quepem), Julio D'Cunha (Quepem), Joseph Pereira (Orlim), Pragati (Palolem), Uday Paloskar (Dhargal), Taha Ajik (Mapusa), Mahadev Sawant (Sattari) and Milagres (Raia).You could say theirs is a story not of blind faith but of faith in the blind.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129988", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation mayoral polls on March 13", "text": "PUNE: The election to the post of Pimpri Chinchwad mayor will be held on March 13, and the election will be among the woman corporators of the NCP, as the post is reserved for woman. The NCP enjoys a majority at the House after winning 83 of the total 128 seats.Corporators Mohini Lande, Shamim Pathan, Jhamabai Barne and Nanda Takawane are among the top contenders for this post. Lande, who has been elected for the third time, did not have any civic posts in the previous terms. Pathan, former chairperson of the standing committee, is a third-term corporator. Takawane has been elected for the second term.Shirish Jadhav, general secretary and spokesperson of Pimpri Chinchwad unit of NCP, said, \"The NCP has invited applications from corporators for the post of mayor and deputy mayor till 5 pm on March 5. Later, we will finalise the party candidate for the mayor's post. We have not received any applications for the two posts till now.\"Prakash Kadam, additional commissioner, Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation, said the aspirants should submit their nominations to the municipal secretary department on March 9 between 3 pm to 5 pm. The nominations can be withdrawn on March 13 and the elections will be held on the same day at 11 am. The divisional commissioner or his representative will preside over the meeting of corporators to elect the mayor.The corporator, to be elected mayor on March 13, will become the fifth woman mayor of Pimpri Chinchwad. Anita Pharande of Congress became the first woman mayor of the city on March 13, 1997. Other former women mayors include Mangala Kadam, Vaishali Ghodekar and Aparna Doke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128252", "title": "Prosecution, courts must share blame for Amir's plight", "text": "NEW DELHI: Every time the police make any dramatic claim of a breakthrough, whether in a terror case or any other high-profile crime, one would do well to remember the manner in which their investigation into the serial blasts of 1996-97 had come apart. As this series of stories run by TOI shows, the police were left with egg on their face as the man accused by them as the mastermind of the serial blasts, Mohammad Amir Khan, has been acquitted in 17 of the 19 cases booked against him.The least one could take away from this series entitled \" Presumed Guilty\" is that any claim made by the police to have cracked a case has to be viewed with scepticism, especially because of the repercussions for the liberty and reputation of the persons concerned. But then, Amir was incarcerated for 14 years in the prime of his youth, not just because of the charges trumped up by the police but because the safeguards built into the criminal justice did not work. It was an institutional failure across the board: the prosecution branch and the courts are to blame as much as the police for the tragic fate of Amir.The prosecutors constitute an independent agency; they are not meant to be a mouthpiece of the police. Since they bear the burden of securing convictions on the basis of the police's investigation, the prosecutors are required to vet chargesheets before they are filed in court. If they are not fully satisfied with the evidence cited in any chargesheet, they have the authority to tell the police to address the deficiencies. Had the prosecutors done due diligence in Amir's cases, he could well have been spared the prolonged incarceration.Take the glaring holes in the chargesheet filed by Delhi Police in the main case booked against Amir, FIR No 49/98, after he had been allegedly arrested in a crowded place near Sadar Bazar railway station with a revolver and live cartridges on February 27, 1998. The police did not cite a single independent witness for the arrest although they could easily have, in the circumstances, recorded the statement of somebody from the government railway police or railway protection force or any railway employee or a member of the general public. Yet, prior to the filing of the chargesheet, the prosecution branch failed to point out this deficiency, which lent credence to Amir's allegation that he had actually been kept in illegal detention for a week before his formal arrest.Similarly, the prosecution branch should have objected to the police's failure to cite any witness to substantiate its main allegations that Amir was involved in waging war against the government (Section 121 IPC) and conspiracy to commit that offence (Section 121 A). It was thanks to these two serious charges that the trials relating to Amir had been shifted from the Tis Hazari court complex to a special high-security facility in Tihar Jail.But a more appropriate response would have been that before the initiation of the trial, the court should have discharged Amir of the offences of waging war and conspiracy to commit that offence. For, the judiciary is not meant to frame charges mechanically on the basis of allegations made by the police in the chargesheet. Going by Amir's experience, the judicial safeguard to prevent malicious prosecution seems to exist more in theory than in practice.But even after going through an eight-year trial in the case relating to his arrest, all that Amir had to settle for was that he had been exonerated only on the charge of waging war, which is punishable with either life sentence or death penalty. It was of little consolation to him that when sessions judge Rajiv Mehra acquitted him of the offence of waging war, he acknowledged the absence of \"any direct evidence\" to support the charge. For, when it came to the lesser offence of conspiracy to wage war, the 2006 verdict convicted him of that charge citing the recovery at his instance of \"explosive material\" from a workshop in Pilkhua in Uttar Pradesh.The irony is that this very claim of the police - recovery of explosive material at Amir's instance - was rejected by the courts, including Delhi high court, in 17 of the 19 serial blast cases and, in fact, formed a major basis for his acquittal in all those cases. An overwhelming majority of the judges disbelieved that the police had made any such recovery from Pilkhua. This is mainly because an independent prosecution witness, Chander Bhan, deposed in the courts that he had never accompanied the police to Pilkhua and that he had instead been shown that material in the Chanakyapuri police station in Delhi.While Amir's appeals are pending before Delhi high court in the two cases in which he had been convicted, the police can claim vindication on the strength of those two trial court decisions. The long wait for justice should not however detract attention from the institutional malfunctioning exposed by Amir's travails. There is a need to create a systemic deterrent against, among other things, the increasing tendency among the police to frame innocent persons. At the time of Amir's arrest in 1998, senior officers of Delhi Police supervising the investigations into serial blasts had claimed credit for solving them. They include B K Gupta, who was then in charge of crime branch and is now police commissioner. The officers are not any the worse for the judicial setbacks because there is no system of holding them to account. There will be more and more Amirs until the lawmakers wake up to this serious issue of state impunity.(Series concluded)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129986", "title": "City's water quota intact: Irrigation department", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) may have introduced water cuts in the city, but the irrigation department has asserted that the city's quota has not been affected and that by June it will use 2.64 TMC more water than allotted.The water level in the Khadakwasla dam project ( which includes Varasgaon, Temghar and Panshet) dipped by 2.78 TMC immediately after monsoon because water was discharged for Kharif crops, said a press note issued by the superintendent engineer of the Pune irrigation department.The note also offered details of the water used for irrigation and drinking purpose. \"Monsoon showers started on July 18 last year in the catchment areas of Khadakwasla, Panshet, Varasgaon and Temghar. By August 30, 2011, dams were full and hence water discharge was started on August 30 which continued in phases till September. However, monsoon showers went missing after 7 September 2011 in the catchment areas. Meanwhile, the agriculture areas covered by dams received less rainfall and the demand for discharge of water intensified because the monsoon withdrawal went dry,\" said the superintendent engineer in the press release.The press release further said: \"As 2.78 TMC water was used for Kharif crops and 3.50 TMC was used for drinking purpose, the dam was left with 94% water of its capacity. The Khadakwasla project has a capacity of 29.16 TMC and the total water available on October 15 last year was 27.40 TMC. Till date, 7.54 TMC water has been used for irrigation purpose while 7.25 TMC is used for non-irrigation purpose. Total vaporization during Kharif was 1.14 TMC. So in total 15.93 TMC water is used till date.\"The irrigation department has stated that though the official quota of the PMC is 11.50 TMC per year the civic body requires 1.25 TMC water per month, which means 14.75 TMC was is used by the city. From July 1, 2011 till date the PMC has used 10.14 TMC water. \"Today, 11.40 TMC water is available of which 4 TMC is for PMC and 7 TMC for irrigation. About 0.47 per cent TMC vaporization is taken for granted in this calculation. This means the PMC will get 14.14 TMC water which is 2.64 TMC more than the approved quota of 11.50 TMC,\" the irrigation department stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12129390", "title": "Temple priest commits suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: A temple priest committed suicide by jumping off the second floor of a private hospital in Arumbakkam on Saturday.Police said he was suffering from acute stomach ache and was undergoing treatment at the hospital. Police said Durai, 51, of Gangai Amman Koil Street, Vadapalani, was a priest at a local temple.On Thursday, he was admitted to a private hospital in Arumbakkam after he complained of acute stomach pain. Around midnight, Durai rushed towards the verandah and jumped to the ground, police said. The Arumbakkam police have registered a case and began investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "salua (west midnapore)", "code": "12128312", "title": "Police initiate suo motu case against Eastern Frontier Rifles", "text": "SALUA (WEST MIDNAPORE): The police have initiated a suo motu case against Eastern Frontier Rifles personnel and their family members who were involved in the violence that rocked Salua on Wednesday and Thursday.In the FIR lodged at the Kharagpur Local police station, it has been stated that EFR personnel and their family members, numbering nearly 2,000, went on a rampage, damaging police vehicles, demolishing the Counter Insurgency Force (CIF) camp and pelting stones at state police personnel who reached the spot to bring the situation under control. It has been stated in the FIR that the police had to beat a hasty retreat due to the attack.The EFR jawans and their family members are unhappy with the police for lodging the FIR though. According to them, no steps have been taken to bring the CIF constable - who was accused of molestation - to book but the police wasted no time in initiating the case against them.\"On Thursday afternoon, the police took away four of our men. They returned home later in the night. It is extremely unfair. It was the CIF which was responsible for what happened but we are being victimized. We shall ensure that nobody comes here to arrest anybody. Why aren't they taking any action against the CIF constable who misbehaved with our women?\" an EFR jawan said.While normalcy is gradually returning to Salua and shops in the market are reopening, the EFR jawans are patrolling the main road, stopping and checking motorcycles. There is a feeling within the EFR that the CIF constables may try to return and retaliate.The situation has also taken a political twist with Gorkha Janmukti Morcha leader Bimal Gurung's wife Asha expressing her desire to visit Salua next week. According to sources, the GJM is planning to open a branch at Salua and discussions have already been held with local leaders. Local Trinamool Congress leader Roshan Ghising sounded disturbed with this development. \"I have heard that GJM leaders are planning a visit. The violence here was the handiwork of the CPM. It was the Trinamool which brought the situation under control,\" he said.While the CIF jawans have been granted leave, the government is looking into the EFR's demand to shift the CIF camp from Salua to another location. As it is,The EFR jawans and their family members did a thorough job when ransacking the camp. Nearly all structures have been razed to the ground. There is no way that the CIF men can return to Salua camp.\"The situation is fast returning to normal. The CIF jawans are on leave and we are maintaining watch on the situation,\" said Pravin Tripathy, SP, West Midnapore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12133202", "title": "Pray, eat, love say these three ladies", "text": "Nona Walia chats with three women of Indian origin in San Francisco , London and Paris, whose quiet zeal and success leave us proud.San Francisco Shefali Razdan Duggal Voted one of 2012's Most Powerful Women in CaliforniaJust the way she picks a different-coloured dress to slip on each day, Shefali Razdan Duggal singles out a Sanskrit shloka every morning. Her choice on the Tuesday we speak over the telephone is one that discusses the power of a fleeting moment. \"Look to this day for it is life. In its brief course lie all the realities and truths of existence\".It's a lesson that has clearly worked. The 40-year-old has made it to the prestigious list of the Most Powerful and Influential Women of 2012 in California, voted by the National Diversity Council, a non-profit body that champions diversity in the workplace and communities. \"It's a surreal feeling,\" she laughs, as we imagine her break into a wide, flashy smile that we've seen splashed across newspapers with US President Barack Obama holding her warmly for a photo op. \"Kind, friendly and approachable,\" is how she describes the president. \"He has this disarming personality that puts everyone around him at ease,\" says Duggal, who holds an MA in political communication from New York University .Getting the president re-elected is her current mission. A member of Obama's Presidential Partners, National Finance Committee (NFC) and Northern California Finance Committee, Duggal is among the top fundraisers for his re-election campaign, having already raised between $50,000 and $1,00,000. \"People believe their participation won't matter. It's this (notion) that I wish to change. Historically, South Asians have been underrepresented in American politics. I aspire to educate and inform as many people about President Obama as I can,\" she says with gentle firmness.Formerly a political volunteer for the Al Gore campaign in 2000, and having supported Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign in 2008, with a special focus on recruiting from the Indo-American young professional community, Duggal isn't a new player. And yet, she listed her \"two wonderful children\" as her most significant accomplishment in a previous online interview. \"Success is about striking a balance, walking that line between raising a healthy family and fulfilling personal and professional responsibilities. Each plays an important role. I have a dream, and I like going out and achieving it,\" she says.A childhood spent in Haridwar, Uttarakhand , in the comfort of traditional values, followed by an exposure to American education at institutions in Cincinnati, New York and Chicago , helped Duggal find what she calls a \"unique East-West perspective\". It's one that she hopes to share with her 10-year-old son and eightyear-old daughter. \"Rajat (her husband) and I are committed to having them embrace their Indian heritage, and with a large Indian community in the Bay Area, that's easy. Visits to the neighbourhood temple and the cultural events that it hosts help us stay connected.\" Being at the centre of political razzmatazz and mingling with America's who's who hasn't taken away her quiet faith in God, or the love for Bollywood. \"I grew up listening to my mum humming Aaj phir jeene ki tamanna hai. Songs from back then hold a special place in my heart ,\" says Duggal.London Rekha Bhakoo Head teacher of school voted as UK's Best English Primary Rekha Bhakoo's day starts at 7.30 am when she stands at the gates of Newton Farm Infant, Nursery and Junior School in Harrow, North West London, smiling as young students troop in. The smile doesn't leave her face till 3 pm, when the kids pack up to leave. This has been the routine for the last 20 years.The head teacher is at the helm of an institution that was recently named the best primary English school in England by UK government agencies. The junior school - where more than 95 per cent of final-year students achieved a Level 5 in Math, English and Science (one grade higher than the standard expected of their 11-year-average age group) - houses kids from Gujarati and Tamilian families, 65 per cent of whom don't speak English at home. \"We have an outstanding curriculum and instill self-belief through lessons. We'd like them to believe they can be anything they dream of,\" says Bhakoo, whose mixed parentage encouraged her to challenge her learning skills. \"My father is Indian, my mother is from Kenya . My grandparents hailed from Punjab. I came to London when I was just seven and learnt to speak Hindi, Punjabi, English and French. Somewhere, it made me who I am,\" says the Bath University graduate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132254", "title": "When Simi Garewal worked with Satyajit Ray", "text": "When I look at this photo, I can almost smell the forests of Chhipadohar! The month-long shoot for the film Aranyer Din Ratri was enveloped in magic. No electricity in our cottage. No loos. No running water.Spiders and insects crawling everywhere. Potatoes for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Who cared? A small price to pay for the camaraderie, the moonlit walks, the Rabindra Sangeet - and the incredible good fortune of working with one of the world's finest directors - Satyajit Ray . How could anyone envision that a 'Westernised and sophisticated' girl like me could play an Adivasi tribal woman? I guess that's what sets a great director apart.The first sighting took place at Raj Kapoor's house; Ray had seen a preview of Mera Naam Joker and at the dinner that followed, I noticed him staring at me throughout the evening. Everybody noticed it. Within a month, I got a letter from him offering me an important role in his new film. He wanted me to come to Calcutta for a screen-test. He wrote, \"It's only a screen test for make-up. Not for your acting abilities - because I have no doubt whatsoever about that.\" I knew what it felt like to walk on air. And the euphoria had only just begun...We journeyed to Chhipadohar by train and car. For a week, Manikda (as Ray was affectionately called) wouldn't let me shoot. He took me to the 'baati-khaana' (the liquor shop) where the Adivasis would gather at night to drink - and let me just observe. I saw women who were exactly like Duli, my character, and it made it all so easy.I relished my transformation. It took four hours to cover me with the black paint (even in my ears!) and it took three hours to remove it later! And in in-between, I became another being, rustic, uninhibited, untutored and raw.Manikda would come to our cottage after pack-up to play word games. But first he would show me the story-board sketches of the next day's shoot - and I would know exactly how he had conceived the scene frame-by-frame. It was then that I became fascinated with direction. I make similar story boards when I direct now. I follow his line of homework. It was a turning point in my life.Manikda became a friend - and a pen friend. I still have a pile of his beautifully handwritten letters. So inspired was I by the culture of Bengal that I learned Bengali.It was a memorable time, cocooned in this distant forest, making a film that the world would soon applaud. It seemed no one else existed on the planet. It was surreal and timeless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129894", "title": "Holi songs, sequences get a fresh lease of life on television", "text": "Holi songs have almost become a thing of the past in cinema. Now, the festival of colours seems to have moved to television.Writer and lyricist Manoj Muntashir says the reason is simple. \"Cinema's the past, television is the present. Television banks on the fossils of cinema for its success. What we saw on the big screen 30 years ago is back on the small screen in a new packaging . Celebrating Holi and other festivals on the tube is no exception.\"Almost every serial on television, like Ballika Vadhu, Sasural Simar, Ek Hazaron Mein Meri Behna Hai, has Holi sequences. Writer Sanjay Chauhan said, \"Creative heads of every show make sure a sequence is weaved into the story . Even marketing of the show and special events around Holi are canned and showcased on TV, which help in generating revenue for the channel.\"Television units also seem to enjoy Holi in a big way. A creative director said, \"Units book bungalows at Madh Island as nobody really wants to work on that day. Holi is one day the TV industry does try to take a break from work.\"Though less used than before, cinema does touch upon such situations if the script demands. In reality, athlete Paan Singh Tomar's life changed after one Holi. Chauhan said, \"In Paan Singh Tomar (the movie), it is around Holi that his son is almost killed and his life changes from being an athlete to a dacoit's life.\" Chauhan adds, \"With cinema getting more urban, the role of festivals has almost disappeared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "sangrur/amritsar", "code": "12130243", "title": "Invoking divine grace for a spectacular finish in poll results", "text": "SANGRUR/AMRITSAR: On Shivratri day last month, Congress candidates from Barnala and Dhuri -- Kewal Singh Dhillon and Arvind Khanna respectively -- ensured that they bow their heads before Lord Shiva at the ancient Shiva temple at Ranike near Dhuri before their fates will be revealed with the switching on of the EVMs to read the final tally, on March 6.Kewal Dhillon, accompanied by supporters and son Karan Dhillon, landed at Ranike last week and paid respects to Lord Shiva. Arvind Khanna arrived separately and assured better facilities at the temple, thronged by lakhs of devotees on Mahashivratri, after Congress forms the next government. \"Visiting the historic Shiva temple of Ranike is like a pilgrimage. I had gone there to pay obeisance to Lord Shiva,\" Dhillon said.It is said that Pandvas had stayed here during their exile period and had worshipped Lord Shiva. Devotees flock the shrine to pay obeisance to the natural Shivalingam, believed to have appeared from down under.The two leaders are not the only ones invoking divine grace before their political future for the next five years is decided. As election results approach, assembly poll candidates have started resurfacing in their constituencies and are flocking to religious places of their choice and following.One candidate, however, has surpassed the devotional strength displayed by many as he has been permanently camping in Golden Temple for the past one month, performing selfless service of cleaning utensils, along with his family members, and have decided to step out of the divine abode only on March 6, when results of the assembly elections will be declared.Congress candidate from Khadoor Sahib in Tarn Taran district, Ramanjit Singh Sikki, had been staying in a room in \"parikarma\" of Golden Temple as a humble Sikh, performing selfless service, Sikki's personal assistant Germanjit Singh told TOI on Saturday. He said Sikki was in touch with his family members and a few trusted friends only and had even switched off his mobile phone. However, he said some supporters from Khadoor Sahib constituency visit Golden Temple to meet him.\"After elections, Sikki didn't even go to his home but straight away went to Guru Ghar to perform sewa,\" he said. \"Even as seat aspirants were sitting in Delhi trying to persuade party leaders in their favour for getting party tickets to assembly elections, Sikki was in Golden Temple, praying to Guru,\" he said.Another independent candidate, Sham Lal Gandhian, had been spending his time, praying to god. \"Every morning and evening, I pray for three hours at my house and on Sunday, I will perform a Yajna,\" he said, adding that on March 5, he will meet people of his constituency.Assembly candidate from Amritsar East constituency, Navjot Kaur, wife of BJP MP Navjot Singh Sidhu is back from her visit to Delhi and Bangalore. Like other candidates, she is also eagerly awaiting the results.However, for another assembly poll candidate, Mohinder Singh, a rickshaw puller, life hasn't changed. \"I never stopped my work. In fact, I can't afford to do so,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127831", "title": "700 junior resident doctors of Civil Hospital on strike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was history repeating itself for the medical staff at the Civil Hospital as flash strike was announcedMore than 700 doctors of Civil Hospital went on a strike late on Friday night after a resident doctor was allegedly beaten up by relatives of a patient that died during treatment at the hospital.The doctors' association claimed support from other government hospitals in the state over issue of inadequate security. Senior state health officials rushed to the hospital to pacify the doctors on strike but the deadlock was not resolved as on Saturday night.According to Shahibaug police officials, they recorded cross-complaints on Friday. \"As per a complaint by Dr Nitin Chaudhary, a first-year surgery student, he was on duty at the C4 ward of the hospital. The doctor was summoned by the relatives to have a look at Shehnaz Bano Mansuri, 32, a resident of Rakhial, who was admitted in the ward. Mansuri was admitted for a fortnight due to swelling in the small intestine. She was not keeping well for two days and had become critical.When Chaudhary attended to her for the third time, she had died\", said a Shahibaug police official.When Chaudhary declared her dead, he was assaulted by Mansuri's relatives led by Ismailbhai, her husband who accused him of negligence. Chaudhary later filed a complaint for assault against a group of five with police. As Shukal, inspector of Shahibaug police station, told TOI, Mansuri's family members have filed a cross-complaint against Chaudhary and Civil Hospital staff for negligence that led to her death.As the news of assault spread in the campus, the doctors congregated and decided not to report on duty in protest. till the issue of their security gets resolved. Dr Hiren Patel, president of resident doctors' association at Civil Hospital, toldTOI that a physical or verbal abuse of a doctor at the hospital has become a routine affair.\"Every fortnight, at least one doctor is abused in the hospital by patients' relatives. We cannot work in such an environment and demand assured security at the workplace. While other states have legislations making such an assault a non bailable offence with three years' imprisonment and monetary fine, why can't the state take step towards that direction? More than 700 doctors have joined us and we have got support from hospitals in Bhavnagar, Surat, Jamnagar and VS Hospital,\" said Patel.Another member of the association said that it is a now or never situation.\"We have been promised better security for last three years but nothing has happened. We want the government to understand our situation and pass the resolution in the ongoing session of legislative assembly,\" said the doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132165", "title": "Feminism is the feeling of being safe: Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy", "text": "Pakistan's first Oscar winner Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy tells BT about meeting Anjelina Jolie at the Academy backstage, where the star said she was glad that the filmmaker had addressed the issue of acid violence through her docuApart from feeling jubilant about getting Pakistan its first Oscar for \"Saving Face\", an Emmy award for \"Taliban Generation\" and being the firstnon-American to win the prestigious Livingston Award for Young Journalists, does your gender also make youraccolades even more special? Yes! It feels great to be representing Pakistan as a woman on such prestigious stages. I am proud and grateful to be the first Pakistani woman to have achieved such accomplishments, and l look forward to watching other Pakistani women achieve bigger and brighter goals in the very near future!What prompted you to choose a subject like the work of acclaimed British Pakistani plastic surgeon, Dr Mohammad Jawad, as he travelled to Pakistan and performed reconstructive surgery on survivors of acid violence? My co-director, Daniel Junge, conceived the idea behind \"Saving Face\". He had heard Dr Jawad, the Pakistani British plastic surgeon featured in \"Saving Face\", on the radio and contacted him in regards to his work in Pakistan. Daniel got in touch with me in regards to partnering with him for the film when it was in preproduction, and I was immediately attracted to the subject matter. Through my work, I have tried to address topics that are not discussed in mainstream media in order to raise awareness and prompt critical dialogue around issues. I made \"SF\" with similar intentions.While your country celebrated your win, the Oscar also opened the world's eyes to the fact that Pakistan is a witness to victims of acid throwing, like 25-year-old Rukhsana, who is featured in the documentary. What do you think these two paradoxical points do to the image of your nation, which is often too easily summed up in very simple terms? I think that \"SF\" combats the linear terms in which Pakistan is projected by addressing this very paradox. As a film, it achieves two things; first, it addresses a growing issue that is in dire need of awareness and collective action and second, it presents a nuanced image of Pakistan, one in which a heinous act is being addressed by a number of extraordinary people. It shows that Pakistan is not simply a nation in flux; it is nation that is in the process of fixing its own problems.Acid throwing happens from Uganda to Cambodia but since your docu highlights the menace in Pakistan, it might just reinforce certain stereotypes about your nation. How do you avoid that and make your docu a vehicle to bring about global awareness about acid throwing? Acid violence is a growing issue in Pakistan, one that is not unknown to the world, and I feel that the first step to social change is to admit that there is a problem. The film itself focuses on the survivors, not the perpetrators. It is an exploration of the way regular life alters when faced with irregular circumstances. Above all, it is a celebration of acid survivors and their journeys of seeking justice. I feel that the narrative will shatter stereotypes about Pakistan, not reinforce them. I would love to take \"SF\" to other countries that are faced with acid violence so that we can initiate an international conversation around this issue and collaborate in our efforts.Most international productions set in Pakistan are having to recreate your land in other countries. Brad Pitt shot \"The Mighty Heart\" in Pune. Mira Nair shot 'The Reluctant Fundamentalist' in \"Delhi\". Now, Kathryn Bigelow is now shooting in Chandigarh. Is the ground reality so edgy that no international star can think of shooting in Pakistan now? Or is it more of a problem with bureaucracy that isn't too forthcoming about giving out permissions? I think it's a combination of factors; there is a lot of red tape in Pakistan, and so I would imagine that it is difficult for international production houses to send large film crews here. Additionally, our infrastructure is far less developed than other countries, especially in terms of our film industry. Safety is also a concern, and I respect that it is a decisive factor when planning shooting locations. I hope that we are able to cater to these restrictions one day, and that Pakistan is once again used for filmmaking. It is a breathtaking country and has a rich architectural history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12128917", "title": "PI Corte suspended for failing to act in cash distribution case", "text": "VASCO: A police official attached to the Vasco police station was suspended for failing to act in a complaint regarding distribution of money by a candidate's relative on Friday evening.The police brass decided to suspend PI Francis Corte on Saturday morning, pending an inquiry in the matter. The charge of Vasco police station was taken away from him as soon as the matter was brought to the notice of the election observer in the port town. PI Rahul Parab is now in charge.The police had received a complaint that a Skoda vehicle was moving in a suspicious manner in ward no 9 and 10 of Baina on Friday evening. It was alleged that a candidate's brother was sitting in the vehicle and carrying money for distribution in Baina. Both wards have been included in Vasco constituency after delimitation.People intercepted the vehicle and called the flying squad, stating that the vehicle should be searched to verify the allegation. It is alleged that around the same time, Corte reached the spot and instead of checking the vehicle, asked the crowd to disperse. He allegedly \"created a scene as if the vehicle was stopped without reason\", sources said. It is further alleged that he allowed the vehicle to move away without checking it.DIG Ravindra Yadav reached the Vasco police station on Saturday morning to take stock of the situation. He had a meeting with SP Allen de Sa and Dy SP Lawrence D'Souza to allay doubts or apprehensions among the public that the police are supporting any politician.He also emphasized the need for the police to act without bias to ensure free and fair elections.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12129091", "title": "College teachers resent varsity's move to disallow them as guides", "text": "LUCKNOW: The recent announcement by Ashwani Kumar, Union minister of state for Science and Technology that the country would be spending three times on research and development related to science and technology during the 12th Five Year Plan has evoked mixed response from academicians in Lucknow.While the university teachers are brimming with joy, teachers appointed in various affiliated colleges of Lucknow University are sad. Reason: LU doesn't allow the college teachers to be research guides.\"The country is ready to encourage research work, but Lucknow University is adamant on not allowing college teachers to be research guides. It is high time that the university should change its mindset. If college teachers get into research work, there will be a better display of research work,\" said Moulindu Mishra, a college teacher.Terming the university's behaviour as 'step-motherly', principal of National PG College (an autonomous college), SP Singh, said, \"The college teachers are deprived of conducting research. Hence, they score down on personal development. This in turn also affects students studying in college.\"With India ready to shell out Rs 90,000 crore in 12{+t}{+h} Five Year Plan in comparison to Rs 33,000 crore in 11{+t}{+h} Five Year Plan, college teachers unanimously say, \"It's an opportunity lost. When the Centre is ready to spend such a huge amount on research, why are college teachers deprived?\"Lucknow University Associated College Teachers' Association (LUACTA) has been pursuing the matter in the past five years.According to former LUACTA president, Moulindu Mishra, a representation was given to LU vice-chancellor on June 21, 2007 which was taken to the academic council meeting held on December 26, 2007.A reminder in this context was given on June 4, 2008. Having failed, LUACTA, on November 8, 2010, gave a memorandum to the higher education minister.Not losing hope, the same letter was given to higher education secretary on February 16, 2011 which was taken to the Sehgal committee.\"The status remains the same. The college teachers are not allowed as research guides,\" said Mishra.The teachers were even more dejected to know that the Centre is also taking steps to ensure much larger contribution by private sector in research and development expenditure. Backing this, Ashwani said, \"In most of the countries, private sector contributes to two-thirds of total expenditure in research in science and technology. But in India, it is reverse, as majority of the funding comes from government and this needs to be changed.\"\"It's ironical to see private sector being roped in and we are kept out. The university should look into the matter and allow us to become research guides,\" said a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12129585", "title": "Port makes a strong pitch to export ODCs", "text": "MANGALORE: The New Mangalore Port (NMP) is making a pitch for exporting over-dimensional cargo (ODC) and has put in place necessary facilities. Now, the port, which has chiefly handled import of ODCs for public sector unit like MRPL, and UPCL, is making efforts to export ODCs to a certain extent.While port is already into planned export of ODCs from Suzlon, it has made unplanned export of ODCs in the form of fabricated items for other players.The second of unplanned export of ODC - weighing 583 metric tonnes and measuring 50.5 metres in length and 11 metres height - left berth number four of NMP on board barge Bloomingdale on Friday. It was towed using a tug named Rose. Manufactured by Phils Heavy Engineering Private Limited at their Baikampady fabrication yard, this ODC is meant for Paradip refinery of Indian Oil Corporation Ltd, says PV Attavar, manager of Phils Heavy Engineering.S Gopalakrishna, traffic manager, NMP told STOI that the port has the wherewithal to import and export ODCs. While the port used to break open a portion of its compound wall along national highway to facilitate the passage of imported ODCs in the past and reconstruct it later on, it has now taken steps to ensure that such cargo is brought out from silver jubilee gate along Tannirbhavi Road. ODC is brought to and taken out from this gate along the SEZ Corridor Road.The cargo was loaded on to the barge in a roll-on roll-off operation and was lashed to the barge to ensure its safe passage onwards to Paradip, Attavar said, adding that the cargo will reach Paradip in about three-week time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12128755", "title": "'PMS will not jeopardize secrecy of ballot'", "text": "MARGAO: Allaying apprehensions in the minds of voters that the poll monitoring system (PMS) would jeopardize the secrecy of the ballot, south Goa additional district magistrate Prasanna Acharya has clarified that data collected through PMS would be used to prevent impersonation and that any fears regarding misuse of the data were unfounded.\"The data (collected through PMS) will be useful in future elections. However, this data shall not be used to track which candidate the voter has voted, as the computer system recording the data has no connection with either the control unit or ballot unit of Electronic Voting Machine (EVM). The electors are requested to come in large numbers and cast their votes without any fear or apprehension,\" Acharya said in a press note.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12128445", "title": "Why government &amp; police act only after court intervenes, HC asks", "text": "JODHPUR: The Rajasthan High Court while taking serious objection to dereliction of responsibilities by the state government and the Rajasthan police asked why action in administrative matters was taken only after the court's intervention.\"We are not supposed to administer, but this is really a matter of concern that we have to rack up the system and this then surprisingly gives instant results,\" a division bench comprising Justice Govind Mathur and Justice NK Jain II said on Saturday, while hearing the habeas corpus petition of Bhanwari Devi's husband Amarchand.The court was referring to a case in which a minor girl from a village in Pali district had been missing for the past four months. The girl was found and the accused arrested within 24 hours after the court ordered the SP concerned to appear before it with a progress report. \"It is shameful rather than surprising that the state and the police wake up only after the court directs them to take action in harsh tones, otherwise, it seems that they are not bothered at all,\" the bench observed.The court said this attitude has been witnessed in a number of cases, where the moment it issues notice or gives directions, the state machinery springs into action. While disposing of the petition, the court said the state needs to be sensitive in such issues and do the needful instead of being lax.It also pulled up the government counsel severely in one such issue on Saturday terming his behaviour to be casual in a matter of such seriousness. Before, the court could take this attitude on record, additional advocate general (AAG) Anand Purohit intervened and assured the court that the needful will be done by the state as soon as possible with all seriousness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128035", "title": "Fewer students than last year to attempt MCA CET today", "text": "NAGPUR: Come Sunday 1,888 candidates from Nagpur division will take on 'MAH-MCA-CET 2012' at 2pm for admission to Master in Computer Applications (MCA) course.However, their number reduced by 155 as compared to last year, as per officials of Mumbai-based Directorate of Technical Education (DTE). Last year, 2,043 candidates appeared for test while in 2010, 3,600 had taken it.The officials added that the exam would be conducted at nine centres in the division of which eight are in Nagpur and one in Bhandara. The results would be out on April 6 while document verification at various application receipt centres (ARCs) would be done from May 17 to 28.The provisional merit list will be out on June 1 while final will be released on June 11 at 5pm. 1,170 seats in 20 institutes offering this course are up for grabs. For outside Maharashtra candidates, the entrance exam would be held in other states too.The admission would be online like previous years while centralized admission process (CAP) will be conducted via first two rounds of allotment and third one of counselling. Last year 316 seats were vacant which surprised DTE officials as MCA is one of the most sought after courses. Since last year, DTE had revised basic eligibility criteria to 50% in graduation for MCA as per AICTE rules.DTE officials added that elaborate arrangements were made to conduct the examination smoothly. They advised the students to reach centre at least 30 minutes before the exam along with their hall-ticket, sufficient number of pens and other necessary material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129719", "title": "Free eye check-up camp tomorrow", "text": "The members of Ludhiana Lions Club, Greater Ludhiana, will hold a free eye checkup and operation camp on Monday at Krishna Colony, near Gurdwara Bhai Sahib, State Bank of India, Rahon Road from 9.30am to 2.30 pm.Ophthalmologist Dr Rajinder Singh and his team would examine the patients.Camp co-chairman Sanjeev Monga and chairman Kuldeep Singh stated that the club had been organizing the camp since many years under the Sight First project to eradicate blindness from the world by 2020.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12128854", "title": "Illicit liquor seized in raid", "text": "VARANASI: In a raid by excise department officials, 1,000 litres of illicit liquor and packaging material were seized at Zamin Barjala village in Jiyanpur area in Azamgarh on Saturday.According to reports, the officials of excise department conducted the raid at the house of one Virendra Nayak and recovered the illicit liquor in 14 drums. They also recovered 3,500 pouches and packaging materials. Nayak managed to flee from the scene while his wife Usha Nayak was caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12129586", "title": "Shehla Mahsood murder: CBI quizzes BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh", "text": "BHOPAL: The CBI questioned controversial BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh in connection with RTI activist Shehla Masood's murder on Saturday. The questioning that started at noon continued till late in the evening.Singh was questioned over the soured love triangle involving him, Shehla and alleged key conspirator Zaheda Parvez, which the CBI suspects led to Shehla's murder.CBI sources said that Singh was questioned earlier as well after his name had cropped up in the initial phase of the murder probe.They said that suspicions over his involvement increased after the arrest of three accused, including Zaheda and the recovery of what sources claimed to be \"clinching evidence\".Sources said that Singh was quizzed along with Zaheda, her assistant Saba Farooqui and Saquib Ali, a local goon accused of facilitating the killing, \"to string together the evidence\".They said that after Shehla was shot dead on August 16 last year, her father had rung up Singh but he did not take the call. \"He handed the phone to his friend and builder Sanjeev Gupta, who told the caller that the MLA was in a temple.After a while, Zaheda rang up Gupta and told him that Shehla had been killed,\" a source said. The CBI has also summoned Gupta, currently out of town.Sources said that Zaheda was allegedly jealous of Shehla for her proximity to Singh. \"We have recovered certain evidence indicating the extent of closeness between Singh and Zaheda, from her office,'' the source said. In a related development, Zaheda's car, allegedly used to pay Rs 2 lakh to the killers has been traced. The car had been exchanged a few days back for another through a local car dealer.CBI sources said that suspicions over Singh's involvement increased after the arrest of three accused, including Zaheda, and the recovery of what sources claimed to be \"clinching evidence\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12137722", "title": "Parking lot employee arrested for overcharging people", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Yet another authorized vehicle parking lot has been found fleecing people in the city. Police arrested an employee of a parking lot on Sunday for allegedly overcharging people in front of a popular shopping mall in Saheed Nagar.He was caught red-handed during a surprise crackdown by a Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) squad, led by mayor A N Jena. The accused was collecting Rs 5 per bike against the prescribed fee of Rs 2 at the parking space earmarked by the corporation. The squad seized a bunch of receipts where \"Rs 5\" was overwritten on the actual fee.\"I had been receiving complaints about the parking lot charging exorbitant money from visitors. We have cancelled the operator's tender and blacklisted him. A case has also been registered against the operator Satyanarayan Mohapatra,\" Jena said.The arrest came close on the heels of police nabbing seven employees of another authorized parking space near Unit-I Adivasi Ground on February 1 on charges of fleecing the public.Police had recently cracked the whip on illegal parking operators in Kharavel Nagar area. The BMC has a total number of nine authorized parking lots in the city.The civic body was receiving flak for failing to curb illegal parking lots in the city. Last year an illegal parking lot operator was hacked to death by his business partner over dispute in sharing profits in Kharavel Nagar area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12137309", "title": "One burnt to death in Manipur inferno", "text": "IMPHAL: A sudden fire broke out at a wood factory in Kanglatongbi in Senapati district on Saturday night, killing a worker and injuring four others. The inferno also damaged at least 25 houses located within the complex of Mangalam wood industry. The body of Surjit from Nalbari, Assam was found in his badly-charred room.The police have registered a case to ascertain the cause of the fire, which, people believe, might have broken out in Surjit's room.Meanwhile, suspected rebels placed a hand grenade near a private travel operator's office at north AOC in Imphal on Sunday morning. Bomb experts from Manipur police department rushed to the spot, safely retrieved the grenade and detonated it in a safer place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12128296", "title": "Govt agencies need cabinet nod to sell land", "text": "KOLKATA: State government departments can't sell disposable land without cabinet approval and a nod from the land and land reforms department, headed by the chief minister herself. This reverses the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government's decision to allow departments to sell disposable land themselves through auctions or otherwise.All state government agencies which include Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA), Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco), West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation (WBIDC), Digha Shankarpur Development Authority (DSDA), Asansol Durgapur Development Authority (ADDA) and Haldia Development Authority (HDA), must first seek cabinet approval to sell land. Once the cabinet gives the go-aheadapproves the proposal, it will be vetted by the land and land reforms department.Land has been the biggest issue for the Mamata Banerjee government from the very beginning. After coming to power, the chief minister cancelled all scheduled land acquisition plans in Rajarhat.Unlike earlier, inter-departmental transfer of land will also require the cabinet's nod. had allowed inter-departmental transfer of landBut even such transfers will now require the cabinet's nod.Many government agencies possess land which is yet to be properly utilized. KMDA owns large tracts of land off EM Bypass at Nonadanga where an IT and business park is supposed to come up on a close to 100 acre plot. Former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee had laid the foundation stone for the IT park. But the project has failed to take off since. Both KMDA and KMC had earlier reaped rich harvests by auctioning plots off EM Bypass.In Rajarhat New Town, Hidco has started the process of selling small plots measuring about two acres. Hidco has begun the process to auction two such plots, one for a trauma care centre and another for a geriatric care centre.Though land in most of Salt Lake belongs to the urban development department, the local block land revenue officer (BLRO) still owns land in the town's added areas under the municipality's jurisdiction. The urban development department is getting tough with owners of plots lying vacant in Salt Lake to ensure they are utilized.There have been occasions in the past when inter-departmental rows were witnessed over possession of particular plots of land. In many cases, there has been confusion about which department owns a plot of land.\"Whatever happens, land should be properly monetized to bring in revenue,\" said Pranbandhu Nag, secretary of Development Employees Joint Action Committee, the KMDA's union wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12129532", "title": "MLA puts bill on Facebook, seeks response", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For the first time, digital ayes and nos are going to play a role in the presentation of a private bill in Kerala assembly.The bill, being moved by MLA VT Balram, is aimed at the formation of an authority to protect the nurses and paramedical staff working in private hospitals in the state.Balram, handpicked by Rahul Gandhi to contest from Thrithala, has posted his draft bill on Facebook, inviting all to respond to the initiative. The draft was also posted on a Google group in which he is an active member.As expected, Balram got 144 likes and 88 comments on the website. Thrilled by the response, Balram said he hoped to incorporate all valuable suggestions when the bill is finally presented during the next session in May. Balram ruled out the chance for privilege issues haunting his unconventional move. \"I have taken the permission from the Speaker's office,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12128423", "title": "BrahMos missile test fire at Pokhran today", "text": "JAISALMER: The Army will test fire supersonic cruise missile BrahMos on Sunday at the Pokhran field firing range near here. Target preparation for the test fire has already been completed and senior officers of the Army will watch and review the trial.The test fire will check the efficiency of the land attack version block 2 BrahMos missile fitted with advance seeker software with a capacity of neutralizing the target fully, Army sources said.Automatic launch pad preparations are made between Chandhan and Lathi villages with the target placed at Ajosar village. The missile will attempt to neutralize the target place at an approximate distance of 28 km from its launch pad.The missile will provide the Army an enhanced capability to select particular land target among a group of land targets as it can cruise at low altitudes fully evading enemy radar and air defence systems. Moreover, these missiles are easier and cheaper to operate. The Army has already begun inducting the land version of BrahMos with the first battery in June 2007. Each battery is equipped with four mobile launchers mounted on 12x12 tatra transporters.Though developed under a joint venture with Russia , the entire credit for developing this supersonic cruise missile version of BrahMos, which can achieve a speed of up to 2.8 Mach, goes to the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO). The organization has so far developed several variants of the missile having maximum range of 300 km with capability of carrying 200 kg warhead.Currently, work is in progress to develop an air launched variant of BrahMos to be fitted with Sukhoi-30 fighter planes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12128759", "title": "State police told to act fast on Kanika's plaint", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh State Commission for Protection of Child Rights ( MPSCPCR) has asked the state police to take immediate action on the complaint filed by teenaged actor Kanika Tiwari about fake Facebook (FB) accounts.\"I have written to the DGP asking for immediate action,\" Vibhanshu Joshi, member of the commission said, adding that such issues should be dealt with on priority. TOI on Saturday highlighted the issue.Kanika, in her complaint, said several fake accounts were being created on social networking sites by using her name. In the letter written to the DGP, the commission recommended to take action in next five days. \"We will wait for another five days for the action by the police authorities. We will send letter again, if the police fail to take action within five days,\" Joshi said.Joshi felt that such activities could dent the image of the talented girl. She won laurels for the state and the city by her performance in the movie. It is a matter of concern for all of us,\" Joshi said. \"The commission has taken up the issue as part of social security of Kanika. Social media is fast. We need to be pro-active on such issues,\" Joshi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12129680", "title": "Residents hope for cleaner days", "text": "LUDHIANA: In 2010, residents living in colonies along the Sidhwan Canal spent Rs 2 lakh on removing about 150 trolleys of garbage from the reservoir and sprucing it up. Almost two years since, the canal is spotted with polythene, coconut cover, rags and stinking stagnant water at some places, making it a worse sight than before.The residents are discouraged that even when they took an initiative to spend from their own pockets and clean the canal the authorities did not bother to maintain it and made waste of all their money. Twenty two residents had formed an NGO called Let's Clean Ludhiana Foundation in November, 2010 and pooled in their personal funds to clean the stretch between Ferozepur Road bridge and Barewal bridge over three months. When the area of the canal was cleaned, the irrigation department released water into it and almost as soon people started throwing the leftovers of various pujas and garbage into the water. Seeing the futility of their hardwork, the NGO decided to stall work till the construction of southern bypass is completed.However, after the construction is done, the NGO plans to once again take over the responsibility of cleaning the canal instead of waiting for the authorities to act because they get affected.Country Homes-resident Brigadier (retired) S S Gill said, We cross the Sidhwan Canal road every day and it does not look nice when we see heaps of garbage lying there. This is why residents united to spruce it up but somehow it did not bear fruit. The authoritiesa?? lethargic attitude is very disheartening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128086", "title": "Convicts to pay Rs 10k to gang rape victim", "text": "NAGPUR: It is common for the court to take a serious note of crimes like gang rape and pass severe judgments. But district and additional sessions judge GT Kadri in his verdict ensured that justice also comes with a human touch.The court on Saturday passed an order awarding Rs 10,000 compensation to a victim with the amount to be equally split and paid by the convicted duo. Baba Chambare and Raju Gotmare have been sentenced to five years imprisonment and fined Rs 3,000 each by the court which held them guilty for the offence of gang rape, punishable under section 376 (2) (G) of Indian Penal Code (IPC).The families of the accused have some reason to cheer as the court took a lenient view of the case. Though Chambare and Gotmare could have been sentenced to up to minimum 10 years, the sessions court considered their socioeconomic situation and passed an order accordingly.\"The decision to reduce the sentence was prompted by the fact that the marriage of the Chambare's daughter may get affected if he is sentenced to a longer period. Similarly Gotmare's family could starve too,\" said additional public prosecutor Vijay Kolhe who said that prosecution had examined 80 witnesses during the trial.\"We had also appealed before the court as per the provision of the CrPC to award compensation to the victim rather than just slapping fines,\" he said. Kolhe added that the victim had also narrated her plight before the court. Reena (name changed) was heading to her residence in Gharad village in Kalmeshwar after work when she was intercepted by Chambare near the banks of Kharak river on February 23 in 2009. He forced Reena to sit on his cycle. Gotmare joined Chambare a little later and the duo dragged Reena to a desolate place.While Gotmare pinned her down, Chambare raped her. Later, Gotmare forced himself on her. They later took Reena to another place near a well before taking turns to rape her again, after consuming liquor. The culprits also threatened Reena that she would be thrown into the well if she raised an alarm. The Kalmeshwar police nabbed Chambare and Gotmare on the following day after Reena had lodged a complaint. Police had found pieces of broken bangles of Reena near the well.The duo has also been slapped with one year of imprisonment and a fine of Rs 1,000 each for an offence. They are also to face the sentence of one year and fine of Rs 1,000 each for offence punishable under section 506 (II) of IPC.But, they were acquitted in the charges framed under the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128143", "title": "Online nursing registration goes haywire", "text": "NAGPUR: Sudden introduction of online renewal of registration certificates for nurses in the state by Maharashtra Nursing Council (MNC) this year seems to have backfired. Nurses, especially in rural setups, are unable to renew registration due to multiple reasons like technical faults in the online process, failure of MNC staff to handle the load and also inability of not-so-tech-savvy nurses to perform the process, causing panic and chaos. The situation has forced the council to extend the renewal date by one month from March 30 to April 30.Many nurses in city as well as from smaller towns in Vidarbha told TOI that despite many attempts they are unable to register themselves. \"My sister Alphonsa PX who did her degree course from Mure Memorial Hospital and served the hospital for a year as per the bond is now trying for jobs both in India and abroad from Kerala. But when she went for an interview at Cochin she was told to get her registration renewed by March 30 to qualify for the job. We were told that the MNC introduced the online system this year. \"We have been trying to complete the process since February 14. But the system does not accept the form. There are no answers to the e-mails as well,\" said Stephen Stewart from Bhandara.Nurses in Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) and Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) say that many of them are still struggling to get through the process while some others have managed to do so. \"We don't know what is wrong in the system. But it's not accepting the form and creating the request number. If this is the situation one can well imagine the plight of nurses working in rural hospitals and remote areas,\" said a senior nurse at IGGMC.MNC president Ramling Mali admitted that of the expected 50,000 to 60,000 registrations from the state only 24,000 nurses have managed to renew registration till date. \"There are problems at both the ends. Nurses in the rural setups are not well-versed with the online process. At our end, there are some errors in receiving forms. There is some problem in data transfer. We are trying to rectify the error. Also, the council has extended renewal date till April 30,\" he said.Mali said that those nurses who can't get through the online process can send an e-mail to mncouncil@ yahoo.com and mnccouncil@hotmail.com to inform about the problem and send data through so that information could be used to renew registration. The council has tied up with Bank of Baroda for sending the renewal fee of 125 through credit card or draft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128721", "title": "Fake degrees: Sting op lands 4 in police net", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four youths, including a woman, started an educational institute in west Delhi but as their business did not take off, they allegedly turned to cheating by providing fake degrees. However, a sting operation by a freelance journalist has landed them in police net.The accused have been identified as Sanjay Chaudhary (32), Bhanu (23), Somaya Samantra (22) and Naveen, said Romil Baaniya, additional deputy commissioner of police (northwest). The arrests came following a complaint filed by the journalist after he conducted the sting operation at Jagannath Institute of Management and Technology in Netaji Subhash Place (not Jagan Institute of Management Studies) on February 29.The complainant sought a fake MBA degree for the period 2004-2006 from the institute. \"He paid Rs 5,000 in advance. The remaining amount was to be paid at the time of delivery,\" Baaniya said. A raid was conducted and Choudhary, the manager, was interrogated. \"He fumbled and failed to give any justification for the fake marksheets and certificates of previous years. He told us that he started the institute in June 2011 and that Somaya and Bhanu are the directors of the institute,\" Baaniya said.The accused used to charge Rs 20,000 per certificate. \"They started supplying fake degrees in December 2011. After extracting the data of candidates from a job website, the fraudsters used to contact them. They lured youths with the promise of offering them various degrees which would benefit their career,\" Baaniya said.Chaudhury was employed with Asian Institute of Management and Technology in 2008 when he befriended Bhanu. Two years later, the duo joined IIMT, South Extension. In IIIMT, Sanjay and Bhanu met Somaya. In 2010, all of them left IIIMT and started the new institute.\"Choudhary is a partner in the institute and has a 30 per cent share in the profit. The other two partners have a 35 per cent share each,\" Baaniya said. Naveen allegedly used to provide the fake certificates and marksheets.\"Chaudhury came in contact with Naveen in 2008 when the latter came to Asian Institute of Technology to enroll his wife in a course. A deal was struck between the duo for printing certificates and marksheets for Rs 65 per copy,\" Baaniya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12129724", "title": "Why soft corner towards lawyers, journalists ask government", "text": "HUBLI: Members of the Dharwad District Working Journalists on Saturday strongly condemned the attack by a section of lawyers on mediapersons and police personnel in Bangalore on Friday.Led by Association president Manjunath Bhat, about 70 mediapersons shouted slogans against the errant lawyers and demanded stern action against them at the earliest. They also submitted a memorandum to the governor through the tahsildar.Journalists said the government is showing soft corner towards the lawyers and is hesitating to take action immediately, even though they have the visuals of the lawyers, who attacked mediapersons.Political parties including the JD(S) and National Congress Party (NCP) too condemned the attack on media.JD(S) members took out a procession in the city. NCP condemned the inaction of the government and urged the governor to take stern action against the lawyers involved in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12127967", "title": "Maid arrested for Rs 15L theft in Vijayawada", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The police have nabbed the house maid in connection with theft of cash and jewelry worth Rs 15 lakh from the house of a dal trader of Gollapalem Gattu area in the city.Inspector N Venkateswara Rao said that they received a complaint from merchant N Venkateswara Rao about the loss of Rs 4 lakh in cash and jewelry worth Rs 9.5 lakh when they were away from home on February 26.After going through the details of the case, the police suspected the house maid, O Sarojini. After questioning, Sarojini confessed to the crime. In fact, Sarojini had stolen Rs 1.5 lakh from the same house last December. Since the owners did not the lodge a complaint, the incident did not see light. It was only during the investigation of the second theft that the news of the previous came out.Sarojini made a duplicate set of keys of the iron safe. She stole the money and jewelry when the owners were out last week. To mislead the owners and the police, she left the backdoors open and locked the main entrance of the house making it look like the job of an outsiders. But the police were on to her game. They recovered the entire amount and jewelry including the Rs 1.5 lakh that was robbed last December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12128944", "title": "Counterfeit notes seized from Tenkasi", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Police seized counterfeit notes with a face value of Rs 5,97,000 during a regular vehicle check in Tenkasi and arrested one person on Friday night.After the model code of conduct for the Sankarankoil byelections were announced, district police were conducting frequent vehicle checks and other measures to control any violations like money distribution to voters. During a regular vehicle check at Tenkasi new bus stand, police stopped R Rajendran (46) from Rajapalayam and found him in possession of Rs 1,000 denomination notes in his shirt pocket. A further search into the box of his two wheeler revealed that Rajendran was carrying 597 fake currency notes in Rs 1,000 denomination.Police detained Rajendran and during the interrogation he revealed that he was planning to circulate the counterfeit notes in Kerala. Police sources said that Rajendran was a close associate of Gurumurthy from Tuticorin who has been involved in various counterfeit currency cases. Both Gurumurthy and Rajendran were arrested by Vasudevanallur police five months ago when they attempted to ferry counterfeit notes. Rajendran was also arrested by Q branch police at Ramanathapuram earlier on drug peddling charges, they said.Tenkasi police have registered a case and are further investigating if Gurumurthy and Rajendran were connected with gangs involved in smuggling counterfeit notes from Pakistan . Police had also seized counterfeit notes at Chennai and Pondicherry earlier. They examining whether Rajendran had already circulated counterfeit notes in Rajapalayam and surrounding areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "last sunday, iranians all over the world tuned into the oscars ceremony to watch asghar farhadi's a separation'win the oscar for best foreign language film, the first iranian film to ever do so despite that country's acclaimed cinematic heritage. the film - written and made in iran - has been sweeping up awards around the world", "code": "12129916", "title": "\u2018A Separation\u2019 that almost didn\u2019t happen", "text": "Last Sunday, Iranians all over the world tuned into the Oscars ceremony to watch Asghar Farhadi's A Separation'win the Oscar for best foreign language film, the first Iranian film to ever do so despite that country's acclaimed cinematic heritage. The film - written and made in Iran - has been sweeping up awards around the world: the Golden Bear, the top award at the Berlin International Film Festival, and best foreign language film at the Golden Globes. Farhadi dedicated his award to the Iranian people - 'people who respect all cultures and civilizations and despise hostility and resentment' - in a speech that moved to tears even non-Iranians.The blogosphere exploded with happiness, in Tehran people rushed out to dance - illegally - in the streets. Finally, Iranian culture was being celebrated. As Farhadi pointed out in his acceptance speech: \"They are happy not just because of an important award, or a film, or a filmmaker, but because - at a time of tug of war, intimidation and aggressions exchanged between politicians- the name of their country, Iran, is spoken here through her glorious culture, a rich and ancient culture that has been hidden under the heavy dust of politics.\"A Separation is not, according to its director, a political film. It is a film about a couple in Iran who wish to separate and appear in court to argue their case, in the process revealing different strands of complexity and human existence which feed their choices. The fact that the film was made in Iran - any film to be made in Iran requires clearance from the ministry of culture and Islamic guidance, which examines scripts for any sign of un-Islamic or anti-revolutionary sentiment- and shown in Iran makes it interesting. Often acclaimed filmmakers, such as Jafar Panahi, make their films in Iran only to have them banned there and despite the many awards that directors such as Panahi, Abbas Kiorastami and Mohsen Makhmalbaf collect on the foreign film festival circuit, their films are only seen inside Iran on illegally imported DVDs.Farhadi's success throws light on the complex relationship between filmmakers and the Islamic regime. Immediately after his win, Iran's hardline Fars news agency bastardised his speech thus: \"I proudly offer this award to the people of my country who, despite all the tensions and hostility of recent months between Iran and the West over Iran's nuclear programme, respect all cultures and civilizations.\" Farhadi never mentioned Iran's nuclear programme in his speech, but the Fars news agency, said to be affiliated with Iran's Revolutionary Guard, added its own nuclear flavour to Farhadi's words. The story was soon replaced with a different version after Iran's bloggers widely denounced it, but the incident is telling of the way that the Iranian regime tries to manipulate news.Despite having to abandon the lie about the nuclear issue, the regime still used the victory nefariously, pointing to the win over the Israeli entry, Footnote,as signalling: \"The beginning of the collapse of the influence of the Zionist lobby over American society.\"Such claims are given little credence by the Iranian population who mostly take their news from satellite channels such as BBC Persia. An estimated 1.2 billion people watched the Oscars on television, millions of them Iranians inside the country. As Farhadi acknowledged: \"People in Iran follow the Oscars. I know for a fact that right now, as the event is happening ... people are not sleeping. I know they are following.\" Speaking with caution to prevent a backlash at home, Farhadi steered clear of politics : \"I don't have any message for the governments, because this film is communicating with people,\" he said.At a time when filmmakers in Iran are under more pressure than ever - Jafar Panahi and fellow director Mohammad Rasoulof were handed lengthy prison sentences late last year as well as a 20-year ban on making films, and the House of Cinema, a non-governmental organisation that served as a filmmaker's guild in Iran - Farhadi has had to walk a careful line to avoid censorship. \"What's the point of making a movie if it can't be seen by the 70 million people in my home country?\" he has asked. To that end, he says: \"I don't speak loudly in my films.\"The film itself was almost not made. Back in 2010, Farhadi had criticised Iranian cultural policy for isolating a number of prominent cineastes - and immediately the production license for A Separation - which was then shooting - was revoked. The culture ministry accused Farhadi of advocating on behalf of the 'counter-revolutionary' Makhmalbaf and the ban was not lifted until Farhadi publicly distanced himself from the controversial filmmakers. Following an interview with the ministry, Farhadi's production was allowed to resume.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128082", "title": "Externed goon's murder gets political colour", "text": "NAGPUR: Ambazari Police were left stunned to see one of the externed goons getting brutally murdered in their jurisdiction. Pintu Masram, alias Anshu, who was stoned to death near erstwhile Kelkar Mangal Karyalaya on Hill Road on Friday late night, was supposed to have remained out of the Nagpur district till August but his presence had eluded cops for reasons best known to them.No arrests have been made in the case which is fast taking political hue with the name of a politician who contested civic elections coming to the fore.Former murder accused Sunil Varde, also considered a close aide of the said politician, has been named in Masram's murder along with Balya Matey, Roshan Nagrale, Dilip Meshram and others. It has also come to fore that Masram and the assailants consumed liquor at the politician's office before they had a fight. Varde and Masram had a tiff as the victim had learnt to have eliminated Chandu Parchake in 2009 on the words of the assailant but he did not help him procure bail.Masram, who had a criminal past including two murders, was at his residence at Ajay Nagar in Ambazari Tekdi on Friday when one of the assailants called him up to join them in a binge. It has come to fore that Masram has got acquitted in a case of murder. The fight started during the second round of drinks which Masram and others were enjoying on the footpath opposite a private hospital near Ravi Nagar Square.Police said that Nagrale had brought grapes for the party. Masram picked up few of the grapes which angered Matey who along with Nagrale criticized him. An angry Masram thrashed both Matey and Nagrale. This angered the group who started targeting Masram. Masram decided to leave the spot along with his friend Satish Kokate but was pinned down by the assailants, who smashed his head with concrete pieces.The murder, though triggered from a drunken brawl, took a political hue after Masram's family members started pointing at the role of the politician in whose office the group had consumed alcohol. Also Kokate had told a rescuer that Masram was murdered due to election dispute.\"Pintu was killed because he had opposed the politician and refused to work for him. The politician's phone was switched off after the incident which was perpetrated by his aides,\" said Masram's father-in-law Mangal.Close relatives of Masram are now planning to submit their contention before the Ambazari police.Ambazari police is now trying to get the call details of the concerned persons. It has come to fore that even the politician's mobile phone is under scanner. A section of the police said that it was a fact that the politician's one of the mobile phones was switched off.Police is closely guarding the residences of the assailants at Ambazari Tekdi which they fear may be targeted by Masram's aides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12128425", "title": "Government to upgrade 126 schools in Jangalmahal", "text": "KOLKATA: With the state government planning a slew of projects for Jangalmahal, education in the area is all set to get a boost. School education secretary Vikram Sen met chief secretary Samar Ghosh and held a video-conference with district magistrates on Saturday to discuss the status of the proposed projects.Jangalmahal will soon receive a bag of goodies from the state government. School education secretary Vikram Sen met with chief secretary Samar Ghosh and video-conference with district magistrates on Saturday to discuss the progress of proposed projects in the area.Thirty-four girls' hostels, to be set up in West Midnapore, Bankura and Purulia, have been santionced by the government. PWD in its review meeting on Saturday has assured the government that the buildings will be completed within October. The 34 girls' hostels which will be set up in West Midnapore, Bankura and Purulia have been sanctioned by the government. PWD in its review on Saturday's meeting has assured the government to complete the buildings within October.\"Each hostel will provide an accommodation to 50 girls in each school. provide 50 accommodations to the girls in each school. Though initially there was a problem with the earmarked site in Purulia, the problem has been resolved,\" said Vikram Sen after the meeting. , emerging from the meeting.He added, \"Nearly 1,200 Santhali-speaking para-teachers will be provided jobs from Jangalmahal as well. The criterion will be 50% score in higher secondary examinations while for SC/ST candidates there is a 5% relaxation.\"The state government has also decided to upgrade 126 schools in Jangalmahal from Madhyamik to higher secondary classes. \"Subject to approval of the cabinet, we will employ three teachers in each school through School Service Commission (SSC) for classes XI and XII. There will be more opportunity for science teachers,\" Sen said.One more good news for the region is that the planning commission has sanctioned to set up 80 more hostels to be set up in Jangalmahal. The funds will be provided through Backward Region Development Funds. \"The tender will be floated in March and constructions will be completed within next year,\" Sen added.Another proposal from the state government which has received a nod from the Centre is the setting up of fully integrated schools in 23 blocks in three districts of Jangalmahal.\"All the schools (Class I to XII) will be run by the government and will offer hostels to the students. PWD will soon start work,\" Sen informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12129459", "title": "Minor driver hits SI\u2019s sister", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 50-year-old two-wheeler rider Kewal Rani of Sector 15 was critically injured when she was hit by a speeding car driven by a minor, a student of DAV Public School-15, on Saturday. The injured woman is elder sister of a Chandigarh police sub-inspector. The accident took place near the underpass between sectors 15 and 11.Kewal suffered a fracture on her left leg and was admitted at GMH-16.Police have impounded juvenile's car and decided to send a detailed report against him to Juvenile Justice Board (JJB) in district courts, Sector 17. SHO of PS 11 Gurmukh Singh said a report was lodged at Sector 11 police station. A traffic challan will also be issued against the juvenile, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12129659", "title": "Visa expired, but Israeli writer wants to stay back", "text": "KOCHI: Susan Nathan, the British-born Israeli writer who achieved fame through her book 'The Other Side of Israel', is continuing to stay in India despite her visa expiring as she wants to be in a war-free zone, her counsel submitted to the Kerala high court.When the writer's petition challenging the deportation move came up for hearing on Friday before division bench of acting Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and Justice PR Ramachandra Menon, her counsel Manjeri Sunder Raj submitted that she was staying in India as she wanted to be in a \"war-free zone\" in the last years of her life.The counsel's submission was in response to the court's statement that she could have left the country after completing the medical treatment for which she came to Kozhikode.Susan, who migrated to Israel from England in 1999 to make aliyah - the Hebrew term for Jewish people migrating to Israel - had later highlighted the oppression faced by Israel's Arab population through her writings. The district administration of Kozhikode ordered for her deportation after a translation of her book by a local publisherbecame controversial. The deportation order was based on an intelligence report that she was in contact with Muslim extremist outfits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128165", "title": "Exam reforms need of the hour: Experts", "text": "NAGPUR: While upgrading the syllabus is an important part of providing quality education, the focus also needs to be on the evaluation system, feel academicians. At a one-day seminar organized by city-based Mohota Science College (MCC), experts from IIT-Mumbai and Nagpur University stressed upon the need for examination reforms.The seminar funded by University Grants Commission is a brainchild of Sanjay Charalwar, principal of MCC. \"Our examination system is totally memory based. We are judging students on their ability to write after recalling the content rather than understanding it. The system is over 50 years old and many things have changed in the meantime,\" said Charalwar.Ajit Kulkarni, professor at IIT-Mumbai, believes that slowly changes are coming which are keeping pace with times. \"Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation of students is one of the ways forward where we can test what they have understood in a better way. The semester system is also a good concept which is finding support among educators,\" he added.The Controller of Examinations at Nagpur University SP Kane felt that technology is will play a crucial part in the evaluation process. \"If a student applies for re-evaluation then it takes a long time to get completed and everyone believes it is the university's fault. The delay occurs due to the system currently in place where a certain process has to be followed. The application acceptance process takes weeks which further affects the evaluation time. The NU too is in the process of modernizing many things with the hope of ultimately benefiting the students,\" said Kane.A special brainstorming session was also held which included three principals of city colleges. The session's aim was to take suggestions from the academicians present in the audience on how the examination reforms process can be completed. Charalwar said, \"There is no quick fix solution here and hence we are trying to gather as many inputs as possible. We will then compile the suggestions and present it to the UGC as well NU.\"Baban Tayawade, a prominent figure in university politics, said, \"Examination reform is an extremely important but less highlighted aspect of education reform. Academicians should come together more on platforms like these to discuss the way ahead.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12128548", "title": "Corporator say RTI Act being misused", "text": "BANGALORE: Yediyur corporator N R Ramesh said the Right to Information Act was being misused by activists and the burden is on BBMP engineers who end up spending many manhours at the Karnataka Information Commission. \"Recently, there was a query seeking a building plan of a house built in Vijayanagar about 30 years ago. How does such information help anyone? And in case the information is not there in BBMP, the burden of replying to such queries will be on engineers currently working in the ward. Some RTI activists have no public concern. Can we file a police complaint against such pseudo-activists?\" he asked.BBMP commissioner M K Shankarlinge Gowda said he had discussed the increasing RTI queries with the information commissioner. \"Not all officials know how to dispose of the RTI cases. A workshop for BBMP officials to handle RTI applications will be held,\" commissioner said.Corporators attack bureaucratAt the BBMP council meet on Saturday, opposition party leader (Congress) M Udayshankar alleged that Inspector General of Police R P Sharma has flouted BBMP bye laws by merging two sites while constructing his house near Dodda Gubbi.\"R P Sharma who has been questioning BBMP engineers in cases of building byelaw violations in the city, has himself not obtained the building plan for constructing his house. As per the rule book, two sites cannot be amalgamated. BBMP must take action against him,\" Udayshankar said.When contacted, Sharma denied the allegations and said that he'd prove his innocence. \"The building does not even come under BBMP limits. It's in gram panchayat limits. Why should it be discussed in BBMP meetings? I've obtained all required government approvals,\" he told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129948", "title": "Change in bus timings", "text": "MSRTC has made changes in the Pune-Mumbai-Udaipur Shivneri bus services.The bus will depart from Pune at 5pm and halt at Vandana, Thane at 8.45pm, before reaching Nancy colony, Borivli at 9.25pm.The bus will reach Udaipur the next day at 9.40am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12129157", "title": "RLD leaves door ajar for SP tie-up", "text": "LUCKNOW: With exit polls indicating that SP was leading the race for forming the UP government but may fall short of the magic figure in the 403-strong house, Congress's ally RLD indicated that it may consider supporting Mulayam Singh Yadav for chief ministership.Party boss Ajit Singh's son Jayant Chaudhary did not rule out the possibility of a fresh tie-up with SP in Lucknow, although he refused to comment on indications that the party was tilting towards joining hands with Mulayam.\"Our doors are open to the Samajwadi Party ,\" a senior RLD leader told TOI.Exit polls suggested that the RLD may get 10 seats which will be of crucial importance for SP's efforts to muster enough numbers from smaller parties and independents to ward off the prospect of the state being put under President's rule.In 2007, RLD had contested in alliance with SP. While SP got 97 seats, RLD bagged 10.'Contesting to form govt'\"We are contesting to form the government,\" said the RLD leader. Asked if the party would support any of the three parties, the leader said they won't support BJP and BSP at any cost. \"BJP is a communal party, while we are contesting against Mayawati's BSP,\" the leader said.Ajit Singh , too, had been categorical in ruling out any truck with BJP and BSP, but had chosen to remain silent on SP. But a tie-up with SP could make his position in the UPA-II tricky, as after the alliance with Congress in UP, he was given a Cabinet berth as civil aviation minister.Jayant, an MP from Mathura, was roped in the UP poll fray, indicating RLD's keenness to be in power. \"It is up to the RLD-Congress top leadership to decide what role I'll play in the future,\" Jayant had told TOI.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12129170", "title": "Impostor held at HSC exam", "text": "NASHIK: A teen posing as another student had appeared for the Co-operative subject in the Commerce stream of higher secondary certificate (HSC) exams. The fake student was caught in centre 105 (KTHM College, Gangapur Road) on March 2.A case has been registered at the Sarkarwada Police Station and the boy has been handed over to the police.For the past 12 days, HSC exams have been going on and many cases of copying have been found in the district but no action has been taken as yet.On Friday, at centre 105 a 19 - year-old boy was found appearing for the exam paper of another boy. Invigilator Prof Suresh Patil caught the 'dummy' student.A case has been registered under Section 417 of Indian Penal Code by the Sarkarwada police and the boy has been remanded in police custody until March 6.A case of cheating including changing the photo in the hall ticket has been filed.PSI Sachin Kumbhar is handling the case. The police informed that the 'impostor' boy is a student of VN Naik college, Vasant Market.The police said they will be gathering evidence related to the incident until March 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12129402", "title": "Court fixes March 16 to give verdict on case against Rahul", "text": "KANPUR: The chief metropolitan magistrate (CMM), on Saturday, received the police report in a complaint against Congress leader Rahul Gandhi and fixed March 16 for the order.The Chakeri police submitted its report in the court of CMM Peeyush Pandey. The court ordered to keep the file and fixed the date for the order. According to sources, the police had stated in its report that a case against Rahul Gandhi and others had already been registered.Hearing adjourned: The specially constituted SC/ST Act court of Kanpur, on Saturday, adjourned the hearing and ordered the DIG to appear in person before the court on March 13 in connection with arrest of Surendra Bhukya, a student of IIT-Delhi.Bhukya was arrested by the Kalyanpur police despite a direction to DIG from Allahabad High Court that police had been restrained from arresting him till further orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12129153", "title": "HC sets aside order removing Trichy Anna University of Technology professor as HOD", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has set aside the appointment of an associate professor as head of department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering with Anna University of Technology, Trichirapalli.Dr T Sree Renga Raja was appointed assistant professor of Electrical and Electronics Engineering with Anna University of Technology, Trichirapalli, in 2009 under regular basis and later was given faculty in-charge status of the department. Whileso, Dr M Balasingh Moses, an assistant professor in the same department, as an internal examiner, had not conducted the laboratory examination for 4th year students as per schedule and most of the students had complained against him. Renga Raja requested for necessary action against Moses. Based on the complaint filed by him and others, an enquiry committee was constituted on November 9, 2011. It was further stated by the petitioner that though the committee was appointed and the inquiry carried out, no finding had been given nor any report submitted by the committee. In the meantime, even before the enquiry committee could submit its report, the registrar passed an impugned order on November 15, 2011, appointing M Balasingh Moses as head of department.The registrar also directed Raja to hand over charge to Moses. Hence, he filed the present petition challenging his removal. The university contended that Sree Renga Raja also faced complaints and hence was removed from the post.Disposing of the petition filed by Raja, Justice K Ravichandra Baabu said he cannot be removed that too based on certain complaints against him without giving him a hearing. The judge also said he has no hesitation in holding that the impugned order passed against Raja was unsustainable solely on the ground of violation of principles of natural justice.Setting aside the impugned order passed by the registrar, the judge remitted the matter back to the vice-chancellor and the registrar to afford an opportunity of hearing to Sree Renga Raja and pass fresh orders on merits in accordance with law within four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12130277", "title": "Engineering students try to turn the wheel for potters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Students of University Institute of Chemical Engineering and Technology (UICET), SIFE organized an event to flag off a month's campaign for their project \"AAKAAR, Save the dying art\". The project aims at uplifting and empowering potters' community living in Maloya village near Chandigarh.PU's dean student welfare A S Ahluwalia flagged-off the campaign. The project is the brainchild of SIFE members led by president Nitin Gupta, vice-president Bismanpreet Singh and core members Madhvi, Prabhleen Kaur. The students of SIFE UICET also enacted a play portraying the dismal lives of potters in order to sensitize city residents. \"Many people in the city are not even aware of the existence of a potters' market in Sector 39, which further reduced the scope of marketing their products,\" added Nitin, a student.At the event, UICET students and faculty advisor, V K Rattan released a water report which highlighted high amounts of turbidity and an alarming level of colioform becteria in groundwater used by this community. The report was furnished by the municipal corporation of Chandigarh. Though, the government has installed water taps, the number of taps are much less than the required, making it difficult for them to get clean drinking water. Therefore, these people have installed hand pumps for drawing underground water, which according to the report, is not fit for drinking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12128427", "title": "Govt, police need to be more sensitive: HC", "text": "JODHPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Saturday disposed of the habeas corpus petition filed by Amarchand, husband of nurse Bhanwari Devi, with an observation that the government and police were consistently indifferent while dealing with such cases and that instant results have come up surprisingly after the interference of the courts.\"The government and police need to be sensitive towards such sorry state of affairs,\" a division bench comprising Justice Govind Mathur and Justice N K Jain II said, while disposing of the petition.\"We expect that the state will take all necessary efforts for effective and objective prosecution in the case. Since investigation is complete and a conclusion has been made that Bhanwari Devi has been killed and the accused have been chargesheeted under Section 302, nothing survives for further adjudication of this petition,\" the court said while disposing of the petition.Regarding the action taken report by the government on the issue of threatening officials of CBI and its witnesses by the influential ones and shifting of Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi to some other jail and keep them separately, the additional advocate general (AAG) assured the court that the FIRs have already been registered in cases of threats and the investigation of the same is under progress and that the government will be shifting them very shortly to other jails from the existing one.Indra's case dismissedMeanwhile, another court dismissed a petition filed by Indra Bishnoi challenging her arrest warrant and subsequent attachment of her property. Earlier, Justice R S Chouhan of the high court had stayed her arrest warrant till March 5 but with a direction to her to appear before the CBI. On Saturday, the counsel of Indra appeared before the court suspecting her arrest after the filing of the chargesheet by the CBI and sought exemption from arrest, upon which the court advised him to go for anticipatory bail and dismissed the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12128740", "title": "'Yes, we voted for bad candidates'", "text": "PANAJI: At least one voter had a horrid experience at a polling booth in Porvorim when she tried to exercise Rule 49-O on Saturday.\"I checked up on the educational qualifications of all five candidates. Three were hardly qualified to run a state. Of the remaining two, one had a criminal record and the other was a not trustworthy. None of them deserved my vote,\" she said.The voter walked up to the polling staff and told them of her intention to opt for Rule 49-O. \"The staff just looked back at me, didn't instruct me to do anything and applied ink on my finger like they did to everyone else. The man at the last counter then directed me to the EVM. That is when I reminded them that I had opted for Rule 49 -O,\" the voter told STOI.She was directed towards the presiding officer who raised his voice in front of everyone and shouted, 'You don't want to vote for anyone? Why have you come here then?' He also questioned me why I had allowed the staff to mark my finger with ink,\" the voter said.Voters in Goa said they have continued to vote for bad candidates as Rule 49-O, as advised by India Against Corruption (IAC), gives them no secrecy and leaves them vulnerable to politicians over the next five years.IAC activists held 10 public meetings in the state during the last week of campaigning before the polls, but voters are not impressed with the advice given.\"The message during the meetings and through the media was to use Rule 49-O. On paper, it seems the best advice. However, there is no anonymity or secrecy if one opts for it. In fact, this time, even our photographs were clicked before we voted. In Panaji constituency, I don't find anyone worthy of being elected. But why should I expose myself by choosing the option 'None of the above'?\" a voter from Panaji, on condition of anonymity said.Abstaining from voting is also risky, say voters, as candidates keep tabs on who shows up at the polling booth. \"During the last election, I did not vote as I had to attend to something urgent. A candidate came up to me later and told me point blank, 'You did not come to vote?' It is better to cast your vote for someone, even if they are unworthy, as it will give you peace of mind for the next five years and you don't have to fear reprisal from the candidates,\" another voter from Saligao said.There is no button for \"none of the above\" on the EVM at present. A voter has to tell the polling booth officer that he or she wants to opt for Rule 49 (0) and sign his or her name on Register 17 (A). Former Karnataka Lokayukta Santosh Hegde had said that a good response to Rule 49 (O) will help IAC to press the Election Commission of India to have a 'none of the above' button on the EVM for the parliamentary elections in 2014.\"If the secrecy of your ballot is exposed, then this type of democracy is a sham. I want to use Rule 49 (O), but I cannot. Too much is at stake for being honest,\" a voter from Porvorim told TOI.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12129380", "title": "Sarvajanik Vachnalaya elections mired in debate, controversy", "text": "NASHIK: For the first time in the history of the oldest library of Nashik, Sarvajanik Vachnalaya (SaVaNa), two panels will be vying for the coveted posts of the working committee on March 5.Until the last election, the posts of the president and vice-president of SaVaNa were contested unopposed. This time two panels Grantha Bhushan MS Aurangabadkar's Granth Premi Panel and Zende-Beni Panel will be contesting the elections, apparently due to controversies surrounding the panel that was elected in 2008.\"In January 31, 2011, eight members of the panel had resigned and since then we are not in the working committee,\" said Nandan Rahane of Grantha Bhushan MS Aurangabadkar's Granth Premi panel.One of the former office- bearers of the working committee told TOI that the five-yearly elections never had two panels contesting against each other.\"For the first time in the 170-year history of the library two panels branched out from the panel of the last election. This is not good for the history of the library. From the executive board of 15 members, eight had resigned two years after the last election. It is clearly mentioned in the library's constitution that in case of resignation by majority of members, the president of the board should dissolve the working committee and conduct re-elections immediately. But some members were not ready to leave the working body and began alleging caste discrimination against those who resigned,\" she said.But Shrikant Beni of the Zende-Beni Panel, who was one of the members who remained with the panel said that it was not unconstitutional of the remaining seven members to stay in the panel.\"On January 30, 2011, the resignations of seven members were accepted. Secretary Ramesh Junnare had been suspended for not following the norms of the organisation. By law, within 90 days the secretary should have submitted election report to the charity commissioner but Junnare submitted it very late. So he should have attached a delay condolence letter which he did not,\" Beni alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128184", "title": "'Time management crucial for solving physics paper'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Std XII science stream students of both CBSE and state board are getting ready for important papers on Monday. While the CBSE students will be taking on physics paper, the state board students will tackle mathematics and statistics-I paper. Both subjects are key components of any engineering entrance exam conducted in the country.Rupali Dey, physics teacher at Modern School (Koradi Road), gives tips to students on how to crack Monday's paper.Tips for studentsTime management is the key and the most important part for studentsPhysics is a very applicative subject and rote memory will not help at allThose who are comfortable with theory should capitalize on that and attempt the paper in reverseThe numerical part is important for which you need a lot of practice. You should memorize the formulae for all sections to solve the problemsOn an average the paper will consist of 70% average-difficulty questions, 15% high-difficulty questions and remaining 15% easy questions.PAPER OVERVIEWSubjectPhysicsBoard CBSE Std XIITotal Marks 70 (practical)Passing Marks23 for theory; 10 for practicalDuration3 hoursVijay Tidke, maths teacher at Mohota Science College, gives tips to the students on how to solve the HSC mathematics &amp; statistics-I papersTips for studentsOne should always try to follow the sequence of question paper as it tends to become easier for evaluator to evaluate and also gives a good impression of student.Students should concentrate on theory questions. Theory has definite weightage of marks which makes it easier to score.Simple two marks questions should be thoroughly studied. Preparing for basic questions students can always take their help and solve complicated ones.At the 11th hour students should try and concentrate on the method, instead of doing writing practice.In case one is not able to solve a question, he should leave space for it rather than waste time.Students should leave the difficult ones for the last and concentrate on completing the paper first.It is always advisable not to leave the classroom until the paper time limit is complete; you never know when something might just click.PAPER OVERVIEWSubject Mathematics and Statistics Part-IBoard HSCTotal Marks 40 (10 for practical)Passing Marks 35 (total including the second paper as well)Duration 2 hours", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129861", "title": "Holi: Markets flooded with spurious herbal gulal", "text": "The growing demand for organic colour at Holi has spawned an industry of so called herbal gulal, which commands a premium in the market but fails to assure consumers of quality.Roadside stalls that sell gulal for Rs 5-10 per 100gm stock similar pouches marked \"herbal\" for a fivefold increase of Rs 25.The common belief is that pigments prepared from natural substances are shades lighter than synthetic stuff, but \"herbal\" packets sold in the street are of the deepest hues.Vendors say that these colours are prepared from extracts of vegetables, fruits, flowers, geru (red earth) or turmeric. Manufacturer Kuldeep Jaju makes a pertinent point. \"Even vegetables are not available for Rs 50 per kg. So how will you get organic colour extracted from them for such a low price? Add to that the manufacturing cost, transportation, traders' margin and you can gauge the truth of their claims.\"A stockist in Thane admits , \"Like consumers, we retailers also have to take a label at face value. There is no way of knowing whether or not the Holi colours are really organic.\"The existing law does not make it incumbent upon manufacturers of herbal colour to print the ingredients on the pack. Moreover, monitoring agencies like the FDA seldom check to ascertain the authenticity of these products, so manufacturers and retailers have a field day selling spurious material as demand grows. The few testing labs listed on the FDA's outdated website do not conduct tests on Holi colour.In all this, Malad vendor Murli Kishindas Chugh says one way of telling organic colour from regular gulal is its peculiar sweet fragrance. \"Even if it gets into your eyes or ears you will not suffer burning or skin irritation . Moreover, herbal colour rinses away quickly within one wash,\" he says.Jaju points out that not all common chemicals used in the manufacture of gulal or other colours are harmful . \"It is only when unscrupulous manufacturers add heavy metals or silica, mica or glass to increase profitability that the risk increases ,\" he says. \"A few years ago, I was marketing my Holi colour for Rs 65 per 225 gm. A trader who was noticing buyers react to the high price came up and offered to sell me 40 kg of socalled herbal powder for Rs 70. I said even sand was not available at that rate.\"Giant 'pichkaris' a big hitAcommon attraction at most roadside stalls this Holi is the enormous pichkari, which can hold up to five litres of water at a time.\"Naturally, this is not a toy for children to play with as it is extremely heavy to carry. Men who intend to have a riotous Holi have been buying it. Children can pick the smaller version,\" laughs Azim Multani of Aim Cutlery Store near Andheri market. The five-litre pichkari sells for Rs 450-550 . Even the age-old pichkari has undergone a makeover and is now adorned with cartoon characters, shiny stickers and Chinese-style motifs.Gulal, meanwhile, comes for Rs 5-10 per pack, while an exquisite array of coloured glitter is available for Rs 10 per bottle. Revellers who wish to get really dirty are buying pucca colour for Rs 50 per pack. This comes with the guarantee that it will not run for a full three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127753", "title": "SSNL power house production on a rise", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The power house situated at the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam dam has produced Rs 1,017 crore units of power in the last three years.Minister of state for power Saurabh Patel in a written reply to Danta MLA Vasant Bhatol said that if calculated in terms of monetary gains, the total income from production can be estimated at Rs 3,952 crore.In his reply, Patel said that of the total power production from SSNL, Gujarat has a share of 16 per cent while Maharashtra has 27 per cent share. Madhya Pradesh has the maximum share of 57 per cent.According to an estimate, Gujarat's share is estimated to be worth Rs 632 crore while that of Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh comes to Rs 1,067 crore and Rs 2,252 crores, respectively.Patel added that in the year 2009, only 212 crore units were produced. This figure rose to 359 crore units in 2010 and the production totaled 446 crore units in 2011.Meanwhile in reply to another question posed by Chotta Udaipur MLA Gulabhai Rathwa, the state government has claimed that in all, 152 colonies have been set up in Vadodara district for the rehabilitation of people affected by the project. They have been given two hectares of land with irrigation facilities, a residential plot along with other facilities like drinking water, an approach road,a school, a playground, an anganwadi and hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12127940", "title": "Business association honours women achievers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Ladies Wing of the Indian Merchants Chamber organized its annual event named 'Impact 2012 Conclave', mainly to honour women.Writer Javed Akhtar was chief guest and Nita Ambani was guest of honour. Other dignitaries included Nirmala Sitharaman, Geeta Piramal, Urvi Piramal, Tavleen Singh, Bharathi Pradhan, Bhawana Somaiyya, Krishika Lulla, Sarita Tanwar, Shoma Chaudhury and Zoya Akhtar. \"This year is special as we are focusing on those achievers who can enable and inspire other women to see the prospects for career advancement,\" said Rajyalakshmi Rao, chairperson of the Impact Conclave and former judge of the national consumer court.Women entrepreneurs narrated their experience during the opening session on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12137393", "title": "Kohima district gets rural development block", "text": "KOHIMA: Kiyanilie Peseyie, speaker of Nagaland legislative assembly (NLA), inaugurated a new rural development (RD) block, Sechu-Zubza in Kohima district on Saturday at the Western Anagami Public Organization (Wapo) building here. \"The dream of the people living in the area to have an RD block has now become a reality,\" he said.Addressing the gathering, the speaker said good governance is of paramount importance in these times to bring far-reaching changes and for the all-round development in of the state.\"The RD establishment should now take initiatives to implement various schemes and programmes so that the people of the area can derive the fruits of development,\" he said. He also appealed to the people to extend their support for the successful functioning of the block and wished a grand success to the block.V Sakhrie, commissioner and secretary of the RD department said the state government has created 22 new RD blocks in Nagaland to keep the lesser-developed areas of the state at par with the developed areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12128246", "title": "'Availability of water drawing plants to Gondia, Bhandara'", "text": "BHANDARA: It seems Greenpeace Movement is up in arms against thermal power plants. Two plants - Adani and Bhandara Thermal Power Plant - are on their radar.\"Thermal power plants are potential dangers and will pose a hazard to human life in future. Instead, the use of solar power plants should be encouraged,\" said global activist of Greenpeace Movement Grace Boyle.The activist from Britain along with Greenpeace India activist R Jaykrushna from Bengaluru visited Dhapewada lift irrigation scheme in Tiroda taluka and the proposed site of Bhandara Thermal Power Plant in Rohana village on Friday. Adani group is also building its power plant near Tiroda in Gondia district.\"These plants are eyeing the water of Wainganga river. Local citizens should raise their voice against giving water to these plants, otherwise they will be left with no water,\" Boyle said.Boyle said, \"The stage one and stage two progress of Dhapewada lift irrigation scheme (LIS) is satisfactory but the LIS is specially designed to benefit of the farmers in the initial stage only.\"\"Adani group selected Tiroda only because of abundant water in Wainganga, Adani has given Rs 103 crore for constructing barrage on the river and they will get water at subsidized rate. Every thing possible - from land to water - is being given to them at subsidized rate by the state and central governments. But neither the electricity produced in the plant will be available for local people at subsidized rate nor the farmers will be benefited. Rather they will be the worst sufferers. Hence, six villages near the plant are demanding more compensation for their agriculture land, but their issue has not been resolved till today,\" the activists said.\"Also the plant will affect the wild animals in adjacent Nagzira Tiger Reserve. These animals will be adversely affected by the noise pollution of the plant. These questions are not taken into consideration either by government or power plant authorities,\" they observed.\"Greenpeace is studying the impact of thermal power plants on water availability and irrigation. In this scenario, solar energy based power plants are best suited for the region. It will save the environment from further degradation,\" Jaykrushna said.Boyle and Jaykrushna visited Rohana and interacted with the villagers. \"Though the farmers are being paid for their land and at present they might feel good about it too, but tomorrow they will repent over their decision. Hence, one should think twice before selling his land to these power plants,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12137433", "title": "NDFB-P wants tribal areas in Bodoland", "text": "GUWAHATI: The NDFB-P has asked the Centre to include all the contiguous tribal-inhabited areas on the northern bank of the Brahmaputra in the proposed separate Bodoland state the group has been demanding for a long time now. \"We demand consolidation of contiguous tribal-inhabited areas including the BTC area, tribal belts and blocks and tribal sub-plan areas on the northern bank of Brahmaputra in the Bodoland state,\" NDFB(P) general secretary B Swmkhwr said.On Friday, a four-member delegation of the NDFB(P) submitted a memorandum to Union home minister P Chidambaram in New Delhi in which the outfit reiterated this demand. The outfit, currently under a ceasefire agreement with the Centre, held a discussion with Chidambaram last month as well.They asked the Centre to create Bodoland by bringing together 32 tribal belts, blocks and tribal sub-plan areas covering 25,478 sq km on the northern bank of Brahmaputra. According to them, the 25,478 sq km area spans from the Sankosh river in the west to Sadiya in the east.To make the proposed Bodoland state more inclusive, the NDFB(P) recently backed granting of ST status to Kock-Rajbonghis and tea garden workers. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12128745", "title": "Truck, Rs 11K looted on Raisen road", "text": "BHOPAL: Four unidentified persons looted a truck and Rs 11,000 cash from a driver and a cleaner on a deserted patch on the Raisen Road. The incident took place in the wee hours on March 1 and the police registered case the next day.The police said the complainant, Mahendra Singh , 53, a resident of Morena, and a cleaner, were heading to Maharashtra in a truck bearing registration number MPO6-HC-0127. The empty truck was going to get oranges, the police added.The police said the incident took place at an isolated patch of the he Raisen road. The four accused, who were in a car, reportedly stopped the truck and forced the two to get down.After looting the truck and cash, the accused covered faces of the driver and the cleaner and dumped them into the car before leaving the vehicle behind.The two reported the matter to the police. Later, the police have registered a case of loot.The unidentified accused did not use any force as they did not face any resistance from the victim, the police said, adding efforts are on to trace the truck and nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12129621", "title": "Finally, Tollywood comes to Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: A city multiplex will soon see Ram Charan Teja, Chaitanya, Mahesh Babu and Rami Reddy in their super hit avtars. Rewriting Kochi's theatre definitions, the Telugu community in the city has launched a movie club and joined hands with Cinemax to screen Telugu movies for the 250-odd families here.Members of the Andhra Cultural Association (ACA) who set up the movie club said the first screening is expected on March 25, though they are yet to decide on the film.\"We have no theatres in the city which screen Telugu movies and members of the community have to depend on DVD's to watch their favourite stars in action. The demand increased when IT professionals from Andhra started working in Kochi. For many years we have been raising this issue with theatre owners. Now Cinemax at Oberon mall has agreed to screen these movies,\" said S Sanjay, manager of Bharat Petroleum and member of ACA.During the initial stages there will be only one show per month. \"As per demand we will increase the number of screenings,\" said Sanjay.ACA is spreading the word by email and sms. The response has been immense and if everything goes well, the first movie will be screened on March 25 after Ugadi, the New Year festival for Andhrites. T Vikram, managing director, Kerala state cooperative marketing federation, said the initiative would also bring community members closer.\"Members are able to meet only once in two months at the ACA community centre at Panampilly Nagar. The movie show will give them an opportunity to meet often, interact and bond, and thus strengthen relationship,\" Vikram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129965", "title": "Runway closure", "text": "The city airport's two runways remained closed for five hours on Saturday, as planned, to carry out infrastructure upgrade work.No flights landed between 11.30am and 4.30pm.Flight operations will be suspended for five hours next Saturday as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12128394", "title": "Bengal and Odisha to hold coastal exercise", "text": "KOLKATA: For the first time ever, West Bengal and Odisha will hold a two-day long joint coastal security exercise from Sunday. This is expected to provide a major boost to security in the region. While several steps were taken to bolster coastal security after the 26/11 Mumbai strike, not much initiative was evident in the eastern stateswhile those in the south and west took several steps to maintain vigil.\"It will be a major exercise. The state administrations, marine police forces, state police forces, fisheries departments, forest departments, ports, mercantile marine department (MMD), DG Shipping, light house authorities, the customs department along with the Navy and Coast Guard will be participating in the exercise. It will be controlled and coordinated by the Coast Guard from the state coastal security operation centres at Paradip and Haldia. The central coordination will be done by the regional coastal security operation centre (east) at Chennai,\" an official said.According to him, such exercises help in understanding the coordinated capabilities of the stake holders and participating agencies. There are so many agencies involved that co-ordination is a major problem.By the end of 2012, a chain of radars are expected to be in place along the country's coastline. These radars will keep watch on all incoming vessels and those moving suspiciously along the maritime boundary of the country. Much better co-ordination will be required between the several agencies then.\"Various drills will be held to check the operational capabilities of the agencies involved. Even the local fishing community will be involved. Various real time situations will be created and coastal security will be checked. Security can't be foolproof without complete support from the local community. The area is so vast that the fishermen will have to work as our eyes and ears. A recommendation has already been made to issue identity cards to fishermen. The Coast Guard has also started distributing distress alert transmitters to the fishermen,\" another official said.Security agencies have been extremely perturbed with reports of piracy near the Sunderbans in which Indian fishermen have been targeted. In most cases, these turned out to be armed robberies. \"These are sensitive issues that need to be addressed. The area where these robberies occur lies in difficult terrain. These incidents can't be treated lightly as they may lead to other crime such as gun-running and movement of terrorists. The exercise will help in reassessing and fine tuning the standard operating procedures on coastal security,\" a Coast Guard official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132777", "title": "Jayachitra to play CM!", "text": "Just when you thought that A M R Ramesh's Vanayudham, the Veerappan biopic, couldn't get any bigger or more interesting, here's the latest bit of news. The film will have yesteryear actress Jayachithra playing the role of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa in the film.Confirming this news to CT, director A M R Ramesh, who has just wrapped up an extensive schedule for the film, says, \"We will have Jayachithra ma'am playing the role of the Chief Minister in the film. During the period of Veerappan's encounter, it was the then CM Jayalalithaa who gave all the freedom to DGP Vijayakumar in terms of carrying forth the operation.\"Quiz the director if this might spark off any kind of problems, considering the dead forest brigand's wife Muthulakshmi is angered, and he says, \"No, I don't foresee any trouble. My film will just show facts as they are. In fact, Jayalalitha ma'am has learnt about it already.\"The director says that the film is already nearly 96 per cent complete, with a last few days of shoot left in Chennai, which will wrap up by March 10. \"This will involve one scene of an encounter involving Arjun, who plays Vijayakumar,\" he says.With regards to the case that Muthulakshmi has filed, Ramesh says, \"We have the hearing on March 20. I don't see any problems. My lawyers will deal with it. She claims my film will show Veerappan in bad light. It doesn't do so. The rest is for the Censors to decide.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128019", "title": "\u2018Words not always used with criminal intent\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court came to the rescue of a man by ruling that words spoken during a quarrel are not always uttered with a criminal intent. \"Words such as 'go and die' uttered in a quarrel or on the spur of moment can't be termed as uttered with requisite mens rea (criminal intent),\" ruled justice Ashok Bhangale while upholding a lower court verdict.Bhangale dismissed the government's criminal appeal filed in 1996 against Wardha resident Vasant Chudiwale who was accused of allegedly abetting wife Maya's suicide for dowry. \"There should be concrete evidence to indicate criminal intent,\" the court observed.Vasant and Maya married in 1985. After a couple of years, relations between the two turned bitter. Vasant allegedly started ill-treating Maya alleging her of having an extra-marital affair with his brother-in-law Rakeshkumar.On July 19, 1987, the couple came to the city and stayed at the residence of Maya's uncle Madanchand. During her stay, Maya confided with her uncle about the alleged ill-treatment meted out to her by her husband.Three days later, Maya committed suicide by pouring kerosene on her body and setting herself ablaze. In her dying declaration, she blamed Vasant. Tehsil police chargesheeted Vasant for offences punishable under sections 498A and 306 of the IPC. The Nagpur sessions judge convicted him on both counts and sentenced him to one year of rigorous imprisonment.Vasant challenged the order before the extra joint district judge through an appeal and got respite. The state challenged this order in the high court through a criminal appeal. The deceased's uncle also filed a criminal revision application against Vasant. The state contended that in her dying declaration, Maya blamed Vasant for taunting her about her alleged extra marital affair with Rakeshkumar.\"To constitute the offence under abetment to suicide, there must be evidence to prove that the accused instigated the person,\" the court observed. Before dismissing both the cases, justice Bhangale stated that the deceased's dying declaration does not mean an offence punishable under section 306.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12128258", "title": "7 injured in Ordnance Factory blast in Chanda; one serious", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A worker was seriously injured while six others sustained minor injuries after a detonator blast in unit number 2 of Ordnance Factory, Chanda on Saturday morning. Injured Nitesh Gajbhiye (32) was rushed to Nagpur for treatment while six others were discharged after treatment.Sources said that 14 workers were engaged in the filling of detonators in building number 104 in unit 2 in the first shift. However, a detonator blew up close to Gajbhiye around 10am, injuring him seriously. PN Matte, Omprakash Pandey, Santosh Ramteke, NK Jogi, PB Kove and KP Ramteke who were working near Gajbhiye sustained minor injuries in the blast.All the seven workers were rushed to local hospital in OF, Chanda after the incident. Gajbhiye was immediately shifted to a private hospital in Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12127805", "title": "Held \u2018Naxal\u2019 brother of top Maoist leader", "text": "MUMBAI: Alleged Naxalite Aseem Bhattacharya (64), arrested along with three others from Dombivli in a joint operation between the Andhra Pradesh police and Maharashtra ATS on Friday, is the elder brother of one of the top Maoist leaders, Tushar Kant Bhattacharya.Tushar is currently lodged in Cherlapally Central Prison in Hyderabad. First arrested in September 2007 by the Patna police, Tushar was allegedly entrusted with the responsibility of carrying out anti-government activities in Uttarakhand , Uttar Pradesh and Uttar Bihar. He used to run the committee's mission from a rented house in Patna.Aseem has three brothers-journalist-turned-poet Alok, Tushar, and Kalloh, who works with a private company in Andhra Pradesh and is the leader of BJP's trade union.Aseem's family says he is being targeted because of Tushar. Alok told TOI, \"My younger brother Tushar was first arrested by the Patna police in 2007 for his alleged involvement in the Naxal movement. After spending three and-a half years in jail, he was acquitted in 2010. He was again caught by the Andhra Pradesh police on similar charges.\"Alok said his brothers were innocent. \"Tushar completed his jail term a few months ago, but we are not pressing for his release because I feel the authorities will arrest him once again. Tushar has some health problems and he is getting good medical treatment in jail.\"The Bhattacharyas have decided to meet senior officials to highlight their plight.Sources said the ATS has sufficient evidence against Aseem and the three others-Dinesh Wankhede, Suman Gawde and Laxmi Raju Patel alias Paru Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12127806", "title": "Gandhinagar water to be metered soon", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The state government is now preparing a final draft plan to install water meters in the state capital. The move came after the Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation (GMC) asked the state government to install water meters in the government quarters.Sources said that a study by Asian Development Bank has revealed that the state capital's water per capita water consumption is the highest among 20 major cities in the country. Even across Gujarat, while the average consumption in cities is 145 litres per capita per day (LPCD); and in rural areas, 70 LPCD, Gandhinagar has a mammoth consumption of 310 LPCD. Nearly 25% of the water supplied to Gandhinagar residents is used for the upkeep of gardens.Officials said that the faculty of planning, Cept University, Ahmedabad has estimated the loss to be as high as 34 per cent in municipal corporations. According to sources in the Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation, the government quarters get free water, and the recovery of water charges from private houses is just one-tenth of the Rs 11 crore spent each year on water supply.Sources said, \"With no grants being received from the government for the corporation, the GMC has in a letter to the state government has made it clear that they should have water meters in each of the quarters so that the GMC was able to monitor the wastage of water.\"Ashwin Vyas, the spokesperson of the Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation and deputy chairman of the standing committee, says, \"After we took over, we realized that water was being wasted and the fund collected was not in accordance with the water supplied. We have written to the state government asking them to install meters in the government quarters.\"A state government official said the government is now drawing final plans to make water meters compulsory in homes within the state's urban local bodies' limits. The government officer said that much before the formation of the Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation, the state has prepared a high-level document to supply metered water.Officers said that the government also wants charges to be levied so that people may save water, try to reuse it, and prevent wastages and losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12129699", "title": "Reunion brings them to Ludhiana from near and far", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was a day to recall those exhausting PT classes, the sneaking visits to staff room to check whether the teacher is on leave, bunking mathematics class and many such nostalgic moments. As more than 150 former students of Guru Nanak International Public School, Model Town, got together and chit-chatted about school days, the journey down memory lane on Saturday left them all smiling.At the second alumni reunion, the ex-students exchanged a lot of memories and regaled the teachers with anecdotes. The highlight of the evening was bhangra that the old students performed. A 2005-batch student, Prabhjot Singh Sachdeva of Model Town Extension, who is now an advocate, was a topper in academics, a volleyball player and the captain of bhangra team. He exhibited his dancing skills on the stage along with Bikram Sahiwal of Janta Nagar, a cycle parts businessman, Lakhwinder Singh Grewal of Shimlapuri and Lovejot Singh, who is pursuing a diploma in electrical engineering.Foot-tapping Punjabi songs like a??Yaar Anmulea?? left everyone dancing at the reunion of Guru Nanak International Public School, Model Town. The mood turned even more nostalgic when Sanam Chopra Mehra, a social activist and a 1991-batch student, talked about how she came to the city from Srinagar as a migrant. a??a??It was a difficult phase for my family... but the warmth and support that my brother and I got from the school turned us into confident and successful individuals, she recalled.Other former students could not help but smile at the thought of the famous canteen toast and hotdog and the watchmana??s frequent rebuffs. \"I miss every single day spent on the campus... college life is boring,\" said Talwinder Singh of Civil Lines, who is doing an engineering course.For software engineer Manjot Kaur, a 2003 batch graduate, it was the thought of meeting old pals and teachers that brought her here all the way from Bangalore. \"I feel humbled. Ita??s like coming back to onea??s family. There's a sense of belonging,\" said Dr Prabhjot Kaur, a homoeopath physician and a 2005-batch student.As a mark of a tribute to seniors, the present students of the school offered a colourful cultural programme replete with Bollywood numbers. \"We relived those years along with old students by sharing and interacting with them, said principal Gurmant Kaur Gill.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128314", "title": "Attacks on scribes done to scare media into submission: BEA", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after mediapersons were attacked by lawyers in Karnataka, the Broadcast Editors Association (BEA) expressed concern at the incident saying it was aimed at frightening the media into submission.The Association has also formed a committee to probe in to the Karnataka assembly incident where MLAs were caught watching a porn clip.\"There seems a pattern in all these incidents suggesting that an attempt is sought to be made to frighten the media into submission particularly because it works in most sublime public interest,\" said the country's apex body of electronic media professionals.The Association also decided to constitute a five-member fact-finding committee that will visit Bangalore and to go into the Karnataka assembly incident and subsequent developments. It will be headed by BEA general secretary N K Singh, and submit its report within a week.The BEA alleged that the powers-that-be in different states show contempt towards media and cited examples of recent incidents in Karnataka, Jammu and Kashmir and West Bengal that indicated so.In a statement the Association said, such \"incidents and concomitant responses from those holding high and constitutional positions only establish the contempt that powers-that-be have for the media in particular and freedom of expression and public interest in general.\"It justified showing visuals of MLAs allegedly watching pornographic material on cellphones at the time when the assembly proceedings were underway.Association president Shazi Zaman also said a delegation will meet Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar , who is also chairperson of the All India Speakers' Conference.The BEA also objected to the manner in which the House Committee of the Karnataka Assembly summoned some editors of TV channels and questioned them. \"...the tone and tenor of the questions asked to the editors were not in consonance with elementary principles on which pillars of democracy rest,\" the BEA said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12128503", "title": "Godown gutted in Railway Colony", "text": "JAIPUR: A major fire broke out at a medicine godown in Railway Colony in the Sadar police station area on Saturday afternoon. The godown was reduced to ashes by the time the JMC fire tenders doused the fire.Police said some short-circuit in the godown's air conditioner caused the fire. Property worth lakhs of rupees was gutted. Fortunately no one was injured.According to police, the incident took place at the godown situated near Mann Factory in the colony. \"The godown building is also owned by the factory owners, but had been rented out to a medicine company for storage of drugs,\" sub-inspector Satpal Singh said.He added that short-circuit was reported around 5.30 pm. \"Several medicine paper cartons were piled up one upon the other. Soon they caught fire. Some workers, on duty at that time, informed the police and fire department,\" the officer added.About 10 fire tenders were rushed to the spot to douse the fire. The fire was controlled by 7 pm.\"Further investigation is on,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12128844", "title": "HUDA eyes Delhi bio park plants for its green drive", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is in talks with the Delhi biodiversity park for the supply of plants for mass plantation in the city.Last week, the HUDA administrator had visited the biodiversity park in Delhi to find out the technique used for large-scale plantation. \"The park is over 700 acres and I learnt about the techniques of mass plantation and also about the cost of different plants, which I am planning to buy for Gurgaon,\" said HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar .In Gurgaon, the horticulture department of HUDA is planning to buy 50,000 plants. The cost of the plants, which are in good condition, ranges from Rs 5 to Rs 70. The plantation drive will start this month and continue over the next three months. \"The plantation drive will be carried out during the spring and HUDA is working out a strategy to ensure better maintenance of the plants too,\" said Kumar.The firm has given a demo of the manner in which the holes are dug. Due to time constraint, HUDA has roped in a private firm for digging holes in different sites in the city. After much price negotiation, the company has agreed to dig holes at the cost of Rs 7 per hole. The company has also claimed that in addition to the cost of digging holes, it would charge extra for maintaining each plant for three months. \"After plantation, the first months are the most crucial for any plant. So if this company does the maintenance work which includes watering and putting manure then it would ensure that the plants grow,\" said Kumar.HUDA is planning to spend lakhs of rupees on plantation and adding more greenery in the city. The agency has identified the areas where the plantation drive will be launched. \"The areas in residential sectors, roads, governmental buildings and schools will be given first preference. The work of digging holes will start this month and the plants will be bought before that,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12135968", "title": "World's largest Hindu temple to come up in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Replicating the world largest Hindu temple in Combodia's Angkor Wat, the Bihar Mahavir Mandir Trust ( BMMT) on Sunday said they will build a bigger temple in Bihar's Vaishali district.To be built at a cost of Rs 100 crore, the five-storied and 222-feet tall temple will come up at a sprawling campus spread over 15 acres at a place near Ismailpur village on Hajipur-Bidupur road, which will be christened as Angkor Nagar, BMMT's secretary and ex-IPS officer Acharya Kishore Kunal said.Land worth around Rs 30 crore has already been acquired for the purpose from locals, he said.The proposed temple will be named 'Virat Angkor Wat Ram Mandir' and it will house the statues of Radha-Krishna, Shiva-Parvati, Ganesh, Surya, Vishnu and ten incarnations of Lord Vishnu.It will take upto five years to construct the temple and another five years to give the final finishing touches to it, Kunal said.On selection of the specific site for construction of the world's largest Hindu temple, he said the place has mythological significance as it was said that the deities Ram, Lakshman and Vishvamitra had set their foot on the village and were welcomed by the King Sumati of the Vaishali kingdom.The 'bhumi pujan' for the proposed temple will be held tomorrow, Kunal said adding the temple was being constructed to mark the centenary celebrations of the BMMTs.The Angkor Wat temple was built in Cambodia in the 12th century during the rule of then Cambodian king Suryavarman (1141-1152 AD).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128661", "title": "Alzheimer's: Ayurveda may have the cure", "text": "NEW DELHI: The late US President Ronald Reagan had it; former Union minister George Fernandes is battling it, and actor Amitabh Bachchan made it a street word with his role in the 2005 movie Black. But a cure for Alzheimer's - a degenerative disorder of the brain - may be around the corner, going by the results achieved in studies at the National Brain Research Centre (NBRC).The disorder marked by memory and judgment loss usually occurs in people older than 65, and has defied a cure so far. But researchers working with the extract of a herb used in Ayurveda since ancient times have reported promising results. Using an extract of the Ashwagandha root on mice with Alzheimer's disease, NBRC scientists found it can reverse memory loss and may prove to be an effective cure for the disease in humans.NBRC neuroscientist Vijayalakshmi Ravindranath tested the semi-purified sample extracted at Delhi University on genetically modified mice with Alzheimer's disease. Two sets of test mice - middle aged (9-10 months) and old (2 years) - were given oral doses of the extract for 30 days and monitored. Over the month, scientists found a reduction in amyloid plaques (a symptom of Alzheimer's) in the mice brains and improvement in the animals' cognitive abilities. Their study was published recently in the Proceedings of The National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), and the Nature India Journal.The mice used for the experiment carry the mutation that is characteristic of Alzheimer's disease and produce the amyloid in greater quantities.\"We got the mice from Jackson Labs in US. They were tested on a radial arm maze, where they are trained to go and pick food from four of the maze's eight arms. Since the mice had Alzheimer's, they were neither able to learn nor retain the learning. But after 20 days of the Ashwagandha treatment, we noticed a difference, and after 30 days they had started behaving normally,\" said Ravindranath, former founder-director of NBRC, and chairperson of Centre of Neurosciences, Indian Institute of Science.She explained that the extract didn't work directly on the brain. It enhanced a protein in the liver that is thrown out in the blood and acts like a sponge to pull out the amyloid from the brain. \"I am very interested in Ayurveda. This experiment gives us hope,\" Ravindranath said.The NBRC's results have also boosted morale at DU's Natural Products Laboratory. \"Professor Vijayalakshmi had approached us to evaluate some plants and their effect on neurological disorders. Most medicines that are currently being used for Alzheimer's and Parkinson's are synthetic drugs that have some side effects,\" said professor Subhash Chand Jain of Delhi University. The team at DU selected the root of Ashwagandha and followed up with a series of extractions at the lab.\"We did the extraction using a solvent system. And then it was further fractionalized to see which fraction was most active. At this point, Vijayalakshmi was very excited because she saw that some of the fractions were active. Then we worked on pinning down the fraction that was most active,\" Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12129132", "title": "Cops start head count of migrants", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore rural police are creating a data bank of the North Indians involved in various work in Coimbatore. The police have taken their photographs, finger prints, addresses and names of the agents who bring the workers to Coimbatore from North India. The rural police has taken the decision after the recent burglary at Alukkas Jewellery in Tirupur.According to sources, Periyanaickenpalayam subdivision police have identified 13,896 North Indians who are working in their police limits. The workers are mainly involved in construction field. At the Perur subdivision it is 3,341 North Indians. At Pollachi subdivision the number of migrant workers identified comes about 1,010. Over 850 north Indian workers have been identified in Valparai sub-divison.The workers have been requested to support the police in their effort. \"We are collecting detailed information about the workers. The work will complete soon\" said ES Uma, Superintendent of Police, Coimbatore. Tirupur police said that, over 75,000 of North Indians are working in Tirupur city alone and the police have collected 25,000 worker's data. The Coimbatore city police officers said that we are creating digital data. The work will be finished within a week.The CountDivisions PopulationPerur 3,341Periyanaickenpalayam 13,896Pollachi 1,010Valparai 850", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128234", "title": "Shiv Sena ZP member hijacked by Congress?", "text": "NAGPUR: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and its ally Shiv Sena may have trounced Congress and NCP in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation elections, the latter two parties are leaving no stone unturned to ensure that this does not happen in Nagpur Zilla Parishad.A Sena ZP member is 'missing' and if she does not register herself as a Sena ZP member, BJP and Sena will not be able to form government in Nagpur ZP.Anti-defection law is not applicable to zilla parishads and hence crossing the floor does not lead to any disqualification.BJP had won 22 seats and while Sena had won eight. Their total tally is 30 in a house of 59. The remaining 29 seats were won by other parties: Congress 19 seats, NCP seven, BSP one, RPI one and GGP one seat.It was clear right from the beginning that BJP and Sena had an uncomfortable majority. If Congress and NCP managed to secure the support of BSP, RPI and GGP members and wean away just one BJP or Sena member, they would form the government.About 10 days ago rumours had started floating that Sena member from Paradsinga - Pushpa Deshbhratar - had been hijacked by Congress. Kiran Pandav was instrumental in engineering the defection. Congress leaders claimed that Deshbhratar had been accommodated in a five-star hotel in Goa.It became evident on February 27 that something was amiss. All Sena and BJP members except Deshbhratar registered themselves as the respective party members in the ZP.Deshbhratar simply did not turn up. ZP members of Congress, NCP and other parties did not register themselves as well.The election for the post of ZP president and vice-president will be held on March 21. The nominee of the coalition having the majority will bag these posts.A Congress leader claimed that Babytai Sathawane had already been chosen by the party for the post of president.Meanwhile, district BJP president Chandrashekhar Bawankule has claimed that the BSP and RPI members were with BJP-Sena combine while admitting that the GGP member was with Congress.He further claimed that BJP-Sena would muster a strength of 34 (in the House of 59). \"Eight Congress and NCP members are dissatisfied with their parties and some of them have shown willingness to join our coalition,\" Bawankule said.Congress and NCP had dislodged BJP-Sena from power in 2010 in Nagpur ZP using similar tactics. They persuaded two BJP members Suresh Bhoyar and Rajkumar Ghule to cross the floor. Bhoyar got the post of ZP president as a reward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "12129642", "title": "Rat poison sold in \u2018toothpaste\u2019 pack kills 2", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: Two children died recently at a Puducherry hospital after they brushed their teeth using rat poison, mistaking it for toothpaste.The children were admitted to Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research (JIPMER) in a serious condition in February and died without responding to medication.Dr B Vishnu Bhat, head of department of paediatrics at JIPMER, said B Jothilakshmi, 5, from Thirunavalur in Villupuram district mistook rat poison for toothpaste and brushed her teeth on February 5. She was admitted to JIPMER on February 10. She died of liver failure two days later.In another incident, P Iyyappan, 3, from Kallakuruchi also in Villupuram district brushed his teeth using rat poison on February 22. The boy first underwent treatment at the government medical hospital at Mundiyampakkam in Villupuram district for four days before being referred to JIPMER on February 27. But the boy died on February 29 due to liver failure.Some brands of rat poison are sold in packages that resemble toothpaste packets. Rat poison (yellow phosphorus) is highly toxic and affects mainly liver, brain and kidneys. There is no antidote for this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128529", "title": "Multi-brand retail good for farmers, buyers: CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Saturday pitched for FDI in multi-brand retail, saying it will help both farmers and consumers.The government had to put the decision of allowing 51% FDI in multi-brand retail on hold due to protest from Opposition parties and UPA ally Trinamool Congress .\"We need to expedite FDI in multi-brand retail so that both farmers and consumers can benefit from it,\" Dikshit said said at the South Asian Horti Congress here.She also pointed out that around 40 per cent of vegetables and fruits go waste due to lack of cold storage facilities and transport infrastructure. \"What worries me is the lack of proper storage and transport facilities that leads to an almost 40 per cent wastage of vegetables, fruits and flowers in the country,\" Dikshit said.According to government data, area under horticulture increased from 18.45 million hectares in 2004-05 to 21 million hectare. Production went up from 166.9 million tonnes to 240 million tonne.Dikshit said FDI in retail will help farmers out of the fluctuating situation of rates and ensure them the best remunerative prices of their products. It will also facilitate common man in getting essential commodities at lower rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12129385", "title": "City faces shortage of LPG cylinders", "text": "KANPUR: The district administration is keeping an eye on the scarcity of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) in the city.The additional district magistrate (civil supplies) stated that the administration was in touch with Indian Oil Corporation , Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan Petroleum. The retailers are also under the scanner. The authorities had raided four out of 47 gas agencies and lodged a first information report against one.Reports said that gas agencies were indulging in black-marketing of LPG cylinders. Long queues of consumers could be seen at every gas agency.The ADM said that there is scarcity of LPG cylinders in UP and Delhi. The situation had worsened due to Holi festival and the demand had gone up.The petroleum companies have failed to maintain the supply of LPG supply which resulted in scarcity. The situation is likely to normalize in a few days.Special teams had raided four LPG agencies and found irregularities in two of them. Notices had been served and FIR had been lodged against one agency. The officials had also confiscated 12 cylinders from unauthorized vendors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "at every level of the healthcare system, there is an acute shortage of nurses across the country. the union health ministry estimates that the country needs 2.4 million nurses this year to provide a nurse-patient ratio of 1", "code": "12129344", "title": "Little to motivate modern-day Florence Nightingales in city", "text": "At every level of the healthcare system, there is an acute shortage of nurses across the country. The Union health ministry estimates that the country needs 2.4 million nurses this year to provide a nurse-patient ratio of 1:500. Despite the need within the country, some of the best trained nurses leave to work in the US, the UK and the Middle East.Healthcare experts say that one of the most important reasons for the shortage is poor pay and work conditions. Qualified nurses in cities start with a salary of just over `7,000 a month (in smaller towns it is `4,000). A matron with an experience of 20 years in a private hospital, earns `15,000 (inclusive of all perks) despite the punishing 13-15 hour work schedule.Many leading hospitals run nursing colleges with a promise of a stable job. \"I was so happy when I joined the course, because I was sure of a job. But I now realise that the pay does not cover even my travel expenses,\" said S Jhansi Rani, who works in the labour ward of a private hospital.Until recently, nurses who passed out of private colleges in Tamil Nadu weren't permitted to apply for government jobs. Only recently did the government issue an order permitting recruitment of students who studied in private colleges.Government hospitals in Tamil Nadu pay a starting salary of `9,300 as basic along with a grade pay of `4,450 plus perks, including a 58% daily allowance, human resource analyst and city compensatory allowance. There are two grades after this with `9,300 basic (excluding perks) and `15,100 as basic (excluding perks). Nurses from various hospitals who went on protest on Saturday said though hospitals report profits annually, their salaries haven't gone up. Despite being accredited by the Joint Commission International, an international health care accreditation agency, many hospitals don't follow the mandated manpower and wage standards.Hospital consultant N J Gowrishankar says it would be tough for hospitals to increase salaries. \"No hospital adds nursing charges to the patient's bill. If hospitals have to increase salaries, they will have to pass on the charges to the patients,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12128786", "title": "Table, harmonium contest", "text": "The Samrat Club, Shiroda, will organize a state-level tabla and harmonium competition on March 4, from 9.30am onwards, at the Hanuman temple in Shiroda. Boys and girls in the 10-14 age group can participate in the contest. For details and registration call on 2360860 or 9220768518.B Ed admissions at Nirmala's: The admissions to the bachelor of education course at the Nirmala Institute of Education, Altinho-Panaji, will be on from March 5 to 10, from 10.30am to 12.30pm and 2.30pm to 4.30pm, states a press note issued by principal Rita Paes. For more information contact the Nirmals Institute of Education or call on 2225633.Exhibition of paintings at Alto-Porvorim: Xavier Centre of Historical Research, Alto-Porvorim, will host a panel discussion and inauguration of 'Agnelo da Fonseca - The Passion and Glory', an exhibition of selected paintings curated by Savia Viegas, on March 10 at 5.30pm. The panelists are Victor Rangel Ribeiro, Damodar Mauzo and Viraj Naik.Bharatnatyam, kathak dance contests: Kala Academy (KA), Panaji, will organize classical solo dance competitions in bharatanatyam and kathak for dancers/students in the age group of 12 and 20. The duration of the performances will be 15 minutes. Entry forms are available at the programme and development section of KA. Last date for submitting forms is March 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12128792", "title": "BMW organizes driving training sessions in city", "text": "GURGAON: After several accidents where drivers and passengers of luxury vehicles have had fatal accidents, car manufacturers have taken up on the task of training their existing as well as prospective customers.BMW India organized a driver's training programme in Gurgaon on Saturday afternoon.The company brought in its international trainers who spoke to the audience about various safety features in the models like electronic stability control, 4-wheel ABS ( automatic braking system), traction control, among others. Individuals were also allowed to get a first hand experience behind the wheels at the event organized at the Leisure Valley park in sector 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128256", "title": "HC dismisses plea against Facebook", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court has dismissed a plea against Facebook charging the social networking site with not having in place a suitable privacy policy for users. The plea also raised objection to the absence of a delete option for user accounts. The petitioner said that not having any face recognition software means that there are several instances of fictitious accounts having been opened on Facebook.Rejecting the plea filed by software professional Pradeep Kumar, who had sought central government's intervention in this regard, the bench of Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and justice PV Sanjay Kumar noted that the petitioner had not even bothered to make a representation to those hosting the website nor offered any concrete suggestions as to how its policies could be improved.Agreeing with K Vivek Reddy, the counsel for Facebook, who contended that it could not be entertained as a public interest litigation, the bench dismissed the plea.The petitioner had earlier obtained a restraining order from a Rangareddy district court citing threats from the management of Facebook. However, after an initial time frame had lapsed, the district court refused to extend the order.That was followed by a representation from the website's management telling the court that it was the petitioner who was harassing Facebook through emails. The petitioner, Facebook said, had allegedly persisted in his efforts to meet the site's founders at its US office and turned up with a flower bouquets at the residence of the website's managing director, agreeing to desist from so disturbing them only after legal proceedings were opened against him in a US court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "12128484", "title": "Ragging shock in engineering college", "text": "DURGAPUR: It seems the \"impersonation\" modus operandi in Park Street rape case has set a bad precedence in the state. On Friday night, some senior students of the National Institute of Technology (NIT) took up fake identities and ragged first-year students at the college hostel.However, acting on an FIR lodged by the victims, police on Saturday arrested three final-year students on charges of ragging and causing physical injuries. The college authority helped the cops to zero in on the accused. The victims were admitted to Durgapur sub-divisional hospital with serious injuries after they lodged the complaint. Later in the day, they appeared for their examinations at NIT campus.Talking to TOI, Durgapur police station officer in charge Arijit Dasgupta said Prashanta Kumar Chhetri, who hails from Jabalpur, and Hyderabad's Rajib Muppidi - both final year B Tech students - have been arrested from the college campus on Saturday morning. \"Three first-year students were beaten up by at least four final-year students last night at the hostel. The accused also snatched the victims' identity cards, wallets and cell phones. The accused also impersonated fake identities while ragging their juniors,\" he said.Police are interrogating the two accused to get information of the rest who were present during the incident.The NIT management also filed a complaint to the police against those arrested. According to sources, the anti-ragging committee of the college has been directed to probe the incident and submit a report to the director. NIT director Tarakeswar Kumar was not available for comments.\"Last night, some seniors of our college ragged and beat us. We could not identify them. Only on Saturday we came to know that they impersonated fake identities,\" said Pramit Dawn, one of the victims and a first-year student of electrical engineering. The other two ragged on Saturday were Rakesh Karmakar, Dawn's batchmate and Kazi Soiful Islam, a student of mechanical engineering.The two students will be produced before the court on Sunday. They have been booked under Sections 341, 323, 325, 427, 379, 419 and 34 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).The Union ministry of human resources development updraded the erstwhile Regional Engineering College (R E College) of Durgapur to deemed central university a few years ago. Friday's incident is the first case of ragging reported at the campus.Durgapur Police has arrested today two fourth and final year B.Tech students of National Institute of Technology (NIT) allegedly on charges for ragging and beating three first year students last night. The three first year students, all hailing from Durgapur has lodged FIR at Durgapur Police Station this morning. They have been admitted to Durgapur sub divisional hospital with serious injury. However, they went to give examination today later in the day at NIT campus.Talking to the TOI, Arijit Dasgupta, officer in charge of Durgapur Police Station said that Prashanta Kumar Chetri, of Jabbalpur and Rajib Muppidi of Hyderabad, both final year Bio Technology students have been arrested from the college campus here this morning. \" Three first year hostel students have been beaten by at least four final year students last night at the hostel. They have also snatched their identity card, purse and cell phones. But while beating them with sticks and bottles the final year students used false names thus misleading the victims. But after detail probe we have been able to arrest the culprits,\"Dasgupta added.He said that the two students will be forwarded to court tomorrow and has been booked Under Sections 341,323,325,427,379,419 and 34 of Indian Penal Code (IPC). The three first year students are - Promit Dawn, Rakesh karmakar, both B.Tech students of Electrical Engineering and Kazi Soiful Islam, B.Tech student of Mechanical Engineering. While Promit stays at Aravinda Avenue in Steel Township and his father is Dr.Samit Dawn, adoctor of DSP Hospital, Rakesh karmakar stays at Benachity. While Soiful Islam stays at Akbar Road in Durgapur. Soiful's father, Kazi Sofikul Islam, who works at DTPS of DVC said that he is shocked about the incident.The authority of NIT has also given a written compalin to police later in the day. Soyrces said that the anti ragging committee of NIT has been directed to probe the incident and submit report to the director. The Director of NIT, Tarakeswar Kumar was not available for his comments.The erstwhile Regional Engineering College ( R.E.College) of Durgapur has been upgraded to deemed central university - National Institute of Technology (NIT) few years ago by ministry of human resources development of central government. But first the incident of ragging in such posh central government engineering and technology varsity by few senior students upon first year students and also hiding their names and using false names to mislead nd police and authority has createda stir in durgapur, the new educational hub of the state. This ragging incident has also remined the Park Street rape incident also, where the accused persons used false names to mislead the police and victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12128825", "title": "Loud message in big turnout: Politicos", "text": "PANAJI: The record voter turnout left leaders across political parties agreeing that the electorate has a message for its politicians which will be read in full measure on March 6.And while some felt the percentages recorded across constituencies in the state were prompted by the distribution of money and goodies, several politicos disagreed.BJP's chief campaign manager, Shripad Naik, quoting the party's slogan for these polls, said simply of the large electorate number: \"Youth and new voters want change in Goa.\"Goa Pradesh Congress Committee's Subhash Shirodkar also felt goodies were not behind the massive voter response. But he credited his party organization for the unprecedented response.\"It is the performance of commitment of the Congress party and the Congress party is behind the huge turnout,\" said Shirodkar.United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) secretary general, Anacleto Viegas, said it \"may be a vote for change and the turning over of a new leaf considering the rot in the political system\".\"If this is the case, it can be one-sided and candidates may lose by a huge margin,\" Viegas added.He conceded that the distribution of money may also have spurred the higher voting percentages, \"but the voting may not necessarily be in favour of the bribers\".\"They may have taken money but they may teach those distributing the money a lesson and vote for change,\" said Viegas.Trinamool Congress' Goa chief Wilfred de Souza agreed that the lure of money and goodies may have tempted voters.\"Money may have been a temptation and must have played a part in the large voting. It is after all a record vote. But the voting trend shows that people wanted to send a message and we will have to wait till it is deciphered,\" said de Souza.NCP state president Surendra Sirsat said money may have played a part, but there were also many silent voters without any political affiliations who cast their ballot.\"The turn out of silent voters will decide the fate of the political parties in Goa,\" said Sirsat.Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) president Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar disagreed that the distribution of money and goodies was behind the huge voter turnout. \"It is only because of the anti-Congress mood,\" said Dhavalikar.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12129766", "title": "More than 59% UP\u2019s 13 crore electorate exercise franchise", "text": "LUCKNOW: History was created in the UP elections with over 59.16% of the state's 12.54 crore electorate voting in the monthlong seven-phase polls that ended on Saturday. This was the highest polling percentage in the state after Independence.Also, for the first time, the turnout of women was higher than men and urban areas recorded an impressive increase in the polling percentage. Saturday's election in 10 districts recorded 62.04% polling, which was the highest among the seven phases. In the first phase, the polling percentage was 60.10%, in the second it was 55.60%, the third recorded 57.22%, the fourth 58.38%, the fifth 60.47%, and it was 62% in the sixth phase.The previous highest polling record - of 57.15% - was set in the 1993 assembly polls when the BSP and the SP fought together on a common platform against the BJP, which was riding on the communal wave created by the Ram temple movement. The highest turnout in parliamentary elections was 56.44% in 1977, after Emergency, when there was a strong anti-incumbency wave against Indira Gandhi .Youth and women led the voter surge this time. But the Election Commission also played a significant role, reducing the number of anomalies in the voters' list. The decision to hold polls in February and early March paid off with the pleasant weather making it conducive for voters.But - as exit polls also clearly indicated - there was a strong anti-incumbency factor against chief minister Mayawati , which might have contributed significantly to the high voter turnout.Among the districts which went to polls on Saturday, Jyotiba Phule Nagar recorded the highest turnout at 67.25%, followed by Pilibhit at 65.88%, Kheri at 62.73%, Bijnor at 62%, Moradabad at 61.83%, Bareilly and Shahjahanpur at 61.33% each, Bhimnagar at 61%, Rampur at 60.4% and Budaun at 59.17%.Of the 60 constituencies in the 10 districts, Hasanpur in Jyotiba Phule Nagar recorded highest polling at 72% while Bareilly Cantonment recorded the lowest at 54%. Of the 75 districts, this time, 37 recorded more than 60% polling. In actual numbers, this time, 7.53 crore voters of a total 12.73 cr exercised their franchise. For the first time, polls were violence free.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "velim", "code": "12129027", "title": "Disturbed Velim went to polls amidst uneasy calm", "text": "VELIM: The piece of Velim where one stood on polling day determined the perspective with which the individual viewed the elections.The school within the premises of St Francis Xavier Church in Velim, which served as a polling booth, had as many policemen standing guard outside it as any other polling station in Goa on election day. But in no other polling booth in Goa was their presence as apparent as in this South Goa village. A group of young men in uniform stood huddled together under the shade of a large tree outside the church premises. Isolated groups of villagers quietly walked past the mighty church structure to merge with the long queue outside the polling booth, unmindful of the church bells tolling at noon.Some time later, parish priest Fr Romano Rodrigues arrived through a trail of dust raised by his black scooter. Sans introduction, Rodrigues, minus his cassock and with disheveled grey hair, could have been mistaken for any regular villager. \"It was a tragedy,\" Rodrigues said, twisting his mouth in disgust at the February 6 incident, when the church premises was raided and he was questioned for hours together by an election commission flying squad.The situation turned critical days later when three police personnel were attacked in a near fatal assault by Velim villagers when they had \"only wanted to meet Rodrigues to inquire about whether the villagers would vote as he had earlier called on them not to vote in the wake of the raid\".Fr Romano showed off the inked finger on his left hand and said that he had already voted. He then resumed the earlier conversation. \"I have been in this village for the last seven years. It has always been so peaceful. I had only 6,000 with me on that day. After the raid, the Navelim priest told me, 'thank God, I was not searched on the Navelim church feast day. They would have found lakhs of rupees donated on feast day by the faithful'.\"On polling day, the word in Velim constituency was that three-time MLA Felipe Neri Rodrigues was camping in Sao Jose de Areal, as votes in the area were thought to be the deciding factor for the incumbent. It was said that this prompted challenger Benjamin de Silva to follow suit.\"De Silva is known for his generosity. If a villager goes to him saying he or she hasn't had lunch and asks for 200, he will hand him or her 500. I voted two times for Rodrigues. But now de Silva is contesting. Rodrigues should go now,\" said Chandrakant Naik, owner of a cold drink joint in Assolna market.The scene outside the church in Dandevaddo in Chinchinim is in contrast to the one outside the Velim church. There are different groups standing around the church premises discussing the contest between Rodrigues and de Silva, which is viewed as a two-corner fight despite independent candidate and green activist Clifton de Souza being in the fray.Heading Rodrigues' campaign in the area are Joe and Sabrina Dias. The minute Sabrina enters the church premises, she is flanked by a group of young female voters assuring her that they voted. \"Only after reading the newspapers today morning did I realize that there are others contesting from Velim other than Rodrigues and de Silva,\" one of the young girls laughed as she told Sabrina.Sabrina, on the other hand, said, \"In our area, Rodrigues is leading, I can tell you only that much. But I want to tell the church that their harping over voting for clean candidates and voting out corruption is adversely affecting voting.\" Ask Dias to predict the results and after much thought she said, \"He (Rodrigues) will win by a margin of 1,500 to 2,000 votes.\" Never mind that Rodrigues had won the 2007 general assembly poll against de Silva by a comfortable margin of close to 3,000 votes.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127810", "title": "Hundreds of patients stranded due to junior doctors' strike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Valjibhai Sutariya, 46, a resident of Dhandhuka, had come to Civil Hospital in the wee hours of Saturday. Suffering a fracture on his right hand, Sutariya was referred by a local doctor for corrective surgery. He had to wait for more than 12 hours before he could be attended by doctors while he held his injured hand in a sling outside the orthopedic ward of Civil Hospital awaiting treatment.The hospital is considered to be amongst the biggest government hospitals in India. Like Sutariya, many patients were stranded and had to wait for more than 12 to 15 hours for treatment or go back home with new appointments after Monday. It was a fallout of the flash strike announced by junior doctors from late Friday night after an assault on a resident doctor. At the moment, only critical cases are being handled by senior staff members, BJ Medical College staff and private doctors.Suresh Kansara, son of Pravin Kansara, 62, a resident of Adalaj, had come for surgery and follow-up of his father's ongoing urological treatment. \"We did not know about the strike till we reached the hospital and we were surprised that the doctors asked us to go back. We told them that we had come a long way and requested them to at least look at his present condition. However, we have been asked to call on Monday to get another appointment,\" he said.Many wards of the hospital wore a deserted look on Saturday as the junior doctors, considered to be the spine of the entire system, were missing from action. Senior health and government officials tried to strike a truce with the association representatives but in vain.Senior officials at Civil Hospital told TOI that they attend to more than 100 emergency cases at trauma center mostly brought by EMRI 108 and private ambulances. \"We have ensured that critical patients don't suffer due to the strike. In cases where we thought that other hospitals such as VS and Shardaben can provide assistance, we have diverted the patients to reduce their harassment,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132169", "title": "I'm entertainment, says Vidya Balan", "text": "Having braved a two-hour-long wait, 23-year-old Sandeep Yadav stiffens when a girl strolls in and tells us that Vidya Balan is in the building. The chirpy Vidya peeps in, flashes a smile and walks away talking into her phone. What intrigues Sandeep is a baby bump that Miss Silk is carrying off. \"Don't tell me she's actually pregnant!\" he wonders aloud with an air of alarm.Soon, Vidya walks in and exchanges pleasantries with her fan, a software engineer, who says: \"I don't know why I'm shivering!\" Tapping her fake baby bump, she asks him, \"Do I look so scary?\" Sandeep's jitters disappear as she breaks into a hearty laugh. A relieved Sandeep asks, \"Why the need to look pregnant?\" How do you draw people's attention in an age of information explosion, Vidya asks. \"People immediately make an association with Kahaani,\" she says.Sandeep wants to know how she mastered a pregnant woman's demeanour. Vidya explains, \"I've seen how my pregnant cousins would walk or sit. We know their limitations with mobility. To get the posture and gait right, I met a gynaecologist and understood nuances like if she is six months pregnant, how much can she run, how would she walk and how much effort would it need for her to sit, etc.\" Sandeep then asks Vidya the most obvious question - How was it to pile on the pounds for The Dirty Picture?\"There was no other way to do that role because South Indian heroines, especially in the '80s, were just that way,\" she says. \"Though they were heavy, they were perceived as the sexiest. Silk was big and yet she oozed sexuality. I had to be like her, physically. The line that separated me from the character started blurring. A famous actress called me after watching No One Killed Jessica and said - You have tasted blood now...hereon, you will seek the same high in every role. I love it when I don't know where I end and the character begins. It spurs you on to ensure that you feel like a totally new person in every film.\"Does she feel that her birthday - January 1 - gets lost in the festivities of New Year? \"Actually, it's a double celebration at home. My sister's husband's birthday is on December 31 and mine's on January 1. For three days, we are in celebration mode. Besides, I feel like the world is celebrating my birthday with me,\" she smiles, before asking Sandeep when his birthday is. October 10, he says. \"Wow, that's Rekhaji's birthday too,\" she claps gleefully.\"To me, there are only two actresses who look wonderful in saris - you and Rekhaji,\" Sandeep coyly compliments to some loud cooing by Vidya. \"Really? Wow!\" she says, admitting that she loves wearing traditional Indian saris. \"Indian women have fabulous curves. That's why we look so elegant in saris. Rekhaji has been my inspiration. She carries herself so well and she looks stunning in those Kanjeevarams. I mean you think Kanjeevarams, you think Rekha ,\" Vidya says as Sandeep nods.Catching him off-guard, Vidya jumps a tricky one on him, \"Do you have a girlfriend?\" As he shrugs it off, she doesn't let go, \"Don't lie!\" He gives in. \"Okay, I like one girl and I proposed to her. But she said I should wait for her as she had just come out of a break-up. It's been three months since,\" Sandeep sighs. Are you ready to wait longer, Vidya asks him. He retorts, \"Yes, I'll wait...till I find somebody better.\" Vidya bursts into her famous peals of laughter.Sandeep asks her about her marriage plans. \"I will get married someday. I believe in the concept of family. But I'll wait for the right time,\" she says. A last question before Vidya rushes off: Is she consciously choosing women-centric films? \"I'm open to all kinds of films. I've been getting fantastic roles that have given me the chance to live such interesting characters. When you are getting the cheesecake, why do you want the batter? To me, what matters most is that the film should be entertaining.\" By now, we know she means what she says, or as her on-screen avatar postulates: \"Filmein sirf teen cheezon se chalti hain. Entertainment, entertainment, entertainment. Aur main entertainment hoon.\" And sure, she is.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129031", "title": "Industry body gets new chief", "text": "The city needs better infrastructure and higher growth in a range of sectors, according to a panel discussion organized on Friday by the Confederation of Indian Industry here.District collector, M Karunagaran said efforts were on to improve the infrastructure in the district. He said that measures have been taken to expedite the Western bypass road work. \"The district administration has also requested the state government to allocate the funds for land acquisition for expanding the airport,\" he said.Dr R V Ramani, the Managing Director of Sankara Eye Care said Coimbatore can be developed as a hub of medical tourism. Ashok Bakthavathsalam, the Managing Director of KG Information Systems was elected as the chairman of the Confederation of Indian industry (CII) Coimbatore Zone. Sundararaman K S, the executive director of Bannari Amman Spinning Mills was elected as the vice chairman of the CII Coimbatore Zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12128722", "title": "Parulekar's remand extended till March 17", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) R P Sonkar on Saturday extended the judicial remand of Congress legislator Kalpana Parulekar, who has been charged with morphing the photograph of Lokayukta Justice PP Naolekar by showing him in RSS uniform, till March 17.It is for the second time that her judicial remand has been extended.After her arrest on February three, she was produced before the CJM who sent her to the judicial remand till February 17. Thereafter, she was produced in the court on February 17 from where she was sent to the judicial custody till March 3.The CID opposed her bail plea on the grounds that once out she could influence the ongoing probe against her. They said they might also need her for interrogation.Parulekar's counsel sought her release pointing out that the CID has found nothing new during investigation into the case.The CJM extended the judicial remand of Parulekar to March 17, CID special prosecutor Shailendra Sirothia told TOI.In the past also, Congress MLA's bail was rejected thrice - twice by the Additional District Judge (ADJ and once by the CJM.The Congress leader has been charged under sections 471 (using forged document as genuine), 473 (making or possessing counterfeit seal etc), 473 (counterfeiting device or mark used for authenticating documents) and 469 (forgery for the purpose of harming reputation) of the IPC.Besides, cases under the sections 66A (using computers for sending offensive messages) and 66C (punishment for identity theft) under the Information Technology Amendment Act (ITAA 2008) have also been slapped on the MLA.The issue of 'morphed' Lokayukta photo had cropped up during the winter session of the assembly last year when Parulekar accused the anti-corruption ombudsman of having RSS links.She flashed an alleged 'morphed' photograph showing justice P P Naolekar in RSS uniform, both inside and outside the assembly, alleging that the BJP government did not have to worry so long as Justice Naolekar was the Lokayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12130315", "title": "Murrah side effect? Buffalo numbers on the decline in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has exposed the bitter truth behind the tall claims of Haryana government, suggesting a decline of around 82,000 in buffalo population, in its report tabled during the budget session of Haryana Vidhan Sabha.The CAG report has also suggested that expenses worth Rs 20.47 crore were incurred by the department without obtaining the details from executing agencies, while excess payment of Rs 2.73 crore was made as incentives for benificiaries under the Murrah development scheme.\"Livestock census of 2007 revealed that there were 59,53,000 buffaloes, which included Murrah buffaloes in the state against a figure of 60,35,000 reflected in 2003 census. The 2007 census has shown an alarming decline in the number of livestock like cattle, sheep, goat and mule,\" the report said.\"This not only shows the non-seriousness of Haryana government towards livestock but also clearly suggests that the number includes Murrah buffaloes as well. All that government is doing is a cosmetic cover up to hide its failure,'' Ram Pal Majra, former CPS and INLD MLA said in the assembly. Majra had raised the issue during the discussion on governor's address on Monday in the Vidhan Sabha.According to the CAG report, director general (DG) of animal husbandry department, in a communication in August last year had admitted a decline in number of buffaloes, but reasoned, \"The thrust of the department was on improvement of quality of livestock, than on numbers.\"Meanwhile, when contacted, Dr K S Dangi, DG, animal husbandry department, said that they have sent a clarification in this regard to CAG. \"So far as audit comments are concerned, we have already submitted our replies to CAG,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "12130282", "title": "Family of man 'killed' by Congress candidate rues inaction", "text": "FEROZEPUR: The family of Nishan Singh, the victim of a shootout in Ferozepur's Piarana village on polling day (January 30), is getting impatient over the failure of the police to nab Jesmail Singh alias Laddi Gehri -- husband of Satkar Kaur, Congress candidate from Ferozepur rural assembly constituency -- the prime accused in the case.\"Is the police deliberately delaying the arrest of my son's killers out of fear of upsetting political bigwigs, who might rule the state in the coming days? Is the 'political survival' of a few cops so important that it is overshadowing their duty to provide justice to the aggrieved?\" Paramjit Singh, father of the deceased wanted to know.The recent shifting of the investigations from the local police to IG, Crime, has only made the family of the victim impatient.Over a month after a bullet, allegedly fired from Laddi's revolver killed Nishan, an innocent bystander outside a polling booth at the close of the polling process, the police claim that it has no clue about his whereabouts. A case under Section 302 of the IPC was registered against Laddi, who had been evading arrest since January 30.The police claim it has been carrying out raids and questioning people. Police sources say that they have obtained arrest warrants and are in the process of declaring Laddi a proclaimed offender (PO). However, Nishan's family is not convinced about the sincerity of the police in nabbing the accused.\"My son was shot dead in front of so many people, yet the police wants me to name Laddi as the culprit, probably because everybody else is reluctant to name a political person as a killer. I told the cops why should I name somebody when I was not even present at the spot?\" Paramjit Singh told TOI.\"We don't understand how a prime accused in a murder case has been roaming freely for over a month and the police is doing nothing, but giving false assurances to us. We don't want lip service, we want the accused to be arrested without any further delay,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128183", "title": "Post heritage award, tourism to get a big push", "text": "HYDERABAD: Buoyed by the Best Heritage City award, the state tourism department on Saturday announced a slew of measures to give tourism in the state a boost in the coming year.Addressing a media gathering at a press conference held at the Secretariat, tourism secretary Chandana Khan announced the introduction of heritage corridor bus in the Old City on weekends, plans for revival of district festivals to promote folk art, and development of rural tourism spots like Pochampally, amongst other plans, to make the state a tourist friendly destination. \"The Heritage Corridor Bus in the Old City will run from the third week of March this year. The objective is to conduct guided tours for tourists to Charminar and surrounding areas. The trip will end at Chowmahalla Palace,\" she said.Fielding questions from the media about the dilapidated condition of many of city's heritage structures, she told that conservation is being planned in a big way by the government. \"There are plans to have a scheme called 'Adopt a Monument'. Through this initiative we intend to reach out to corporate organizations and seek their assistance for heritage conservation,\" she informed media persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12128819", "title": "Ornaments worth over Rs 10 lakh stolen", "text": "VARANASI: Ornaments worth over Rs 10 lakh and other articles were stolen from the house of a trader in Ramnagar area on Friday night. According to reports, Diwakar Agrawal, a prominent trader of Ramnagar township, owns a house in Raja Saheb Ki Pakki locality, located at stone's throw from Ramnagar police outpost and picket point. On Friday evening, he, along his family, left for Chowk in the main city area to attend the marriage function of his niece after locking his house.It is suspected that after midnight, some thieves climbed up the terrace to break into his house. The thieves entered the room where the safe containing the ornaments and cash was kept. The thieves broke the safe and stole the cash and valuables. The incident came to light when Agrawal and his family returned home on Saturday morning. On getting report of the incident, the Ramnagar cops swung into action. The cops took some persons into custody for interrogation.Three killed: Three persons, including a woman, were killed in separate mishaps in Ghazipur district on Saturday. According to reports, Kaushlya (65), a native of Badesar village under Jamania police station limits, was working outside her house when an SUV (Bolero) crushed her. The locals caught the vehicle and handed over its driver to police. They also blocked the highway in protest against the incident. Situation normalised when police engaged labourers to construct a speed breaker near the village.Meanwhile in Karanda area, one Anil Yadav (35) of Sitamadhi district in Bihar was killed after coming under the wheels of a vehicle near Latia pond on Saturday night.In yet another mishap, in Raipur Bazaar under Bahariabad police station limits, a 50-year-old local resident, Ramkamal Yadav, sustained serious injuries when a motorcycle hit him. He died on the way to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12134699", "title": "'We are influenced by a lot of bands'", "text": "Belgian Black Metal band Thurisaz talks about finishing 15 years of existence as a band, their music and their experiences with Indian metalheadsThe Journey So Far: Sometimes it feels like we're on a rollercoaster! We never thought we would be where we are now. If you would've told us 10 years ago that we would play in the USA and India, we would have called you crazy! Sometimes we have to pinch ourselves to believe what's happening to us. We have three studio albums, we have been on several tours and the most important part: we are still having the greatest time of our lives! The day Thurisaz feels like work, we're going to quit. But until now, it has been an incredible journey! As a very good friend of ours said: \"\"If music is your life, live it!\"\" And we're living it!The India trip: Before our gig, we were the judges for the 'Till deaf do we part' battle of bands. We saw a few bands play before our show and we were very much surprised by the high quality of the bands. We had quite some difficulties choosing a winner for the competition. Someone told me that metal is still young in India, but it sure has a lot of potential!The Belgian Metal Scene: Belgium is a really small country, but we have a very lively metal scene. Every weekend there are a few metal concerts to attend too, mostly local band-gigs. You won't find that many bands, but the scene is growing and we have many very talented bands. To name a few: In-Quest, Gorath, Saille, Lemuria, Natan, Herfst. The only downside is the difficulty to get your band to play outside of our borders. We get a lot of foreign bands in Belgium but very few Belgian bands get the chance to play abroad.Biggest Influences: That's a hard thing to say. Some of us like Porcupine tree and Opeth. Others get inspiration from Pink Floyd and even The Beatles , and others like Meshuggah and Gojira. We have a very wide interest in music in general. So I guess, we are influenced by a lot of bands. Maybe that's the reason why it's so hard to define our music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129947", "title": "Regional Transport Office to revive pre-paid autorickshaw system", "text": "PUNE: After a couple of failed attempts, the Regional Transport Office (RTO) of Pune has decided to revive the pre-paid autorickshaw system at the Lohegaon airport, the Pune railway station and the Swargate ST bus terminus. The airport is likely to have a pre-paid booth in a month's time.Passengers often complain that getting an autorickshaw at the above mentioned locations to ply on a meter is a difficult task. RTO officials think that once the pre-paid system is in place, the passengers will not have to put up with the rude behavior of autorickshaw drivers and their demands for exorbitant charges.Having said that, the fact is that the city's experiment with the pre-paid rickshaw system has not been good. Though it was started at four or five places some years back, the RTO, the traffic police and the autorickshaw unions failed to implement it effectively. So, the system soon came to a standstill.\"Our team recently visited the Mumbai airport to study the working of the pre-paid taxi and autorickshaw system there. Our's won't be a replica of the Mumbai pre-paid system, but something on similar lines,\" said Arun Yeola, the regional transport officer (RTO) of Pune.\"Passengers would be required to pay at the pre-paid booth as per the fares decided for each area of the city. Even autorickshaw drivers will require special instructions and training prior to implementation. A meeting with autorickshaw unions will be called soon since their cooperation is vital,\" said Yeola.A senior RTO official said the RTO plans to start the pre-paid system at the airport within next 30 days. \"We have communicated with the railway and Maharashtra state transport corporation officials to provide space to install pre-paid autorickshaw booths near exit gates. The RTO has also sought suggestions from the traffic police department for implementing the system on a round-the-clock basis.\"The RTO is also contemplating the option of appointing a separate agency to run the pre-paid booths.Jugal Rathi, a representative of a commuters' organization, gave a thumbs up to the RTO's decision. However, he said that priority should be given to effective implementation and checking malpractices. \"The pre-paid booths should be run 24x7 under the watchful eyes of the traffic police. Prominent boards should be displayed outside the railway station and the airport to help passengers who wish to avail of the service.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12127835", "title": "Senior railway officer held for running job racket", "text": "PATNA: The Patna unit of the CBI on Saturday arrested one Mohammad Ali Mirza for running a job racket in the railways on the basis of fake appointment letters. Mirza, who hails from Patna City, is a senior railway personnel officer (RPO) of the East Central Railway (ECR). He works under the ECR GM (personnel) at Hajipur.The CBI had registered a case (RC No. 21/2008) and filed a chargesheet against candidates appointed on the basis of fake appointment orders when Mirza was a senior RPO in the recruitment section of the ECR GM at Hajipur in 2008.On Saturday, the investigation agency had called Mirza to its office for examining him in connection with the racket and subsequently arrested him, a senior CBI official said.Incidentally, the CBI had filed the case pertaining to the job racket in 2008 on the basis of a complaint lodged by Mirza himself, the official said, adding that his arrest implies that he had been himself running the job racket.In the name of 'Fresh Face Recruitment' in 2008, some people were employed in the railways through fraudulent means. Mirza had himself sent their fake appointment letters to the DRM offices at Danapur, Dhanbad and Mughalsarai. The members of his gang used to prepare fake documents and issued appointment letters. The fake appointment letters used to be sent along with genuine official correspondence through messengers in order to camouflage the fraud. The medical examination of the candidates is being secured by issuing memos to the health authorities concerned, the CBI official said.The probe revealed that Kumari Ashna was issued a fake appointment order for job under the Danapur division while Jitender Kumar Yadav, Harish Chandra Yadav, Awadhesh Kumar and Anand Vidyarthi were favoured with fake job appointment orders under the Mughalsarai division. Similarly, Bishwas Kumar Srivastava secured a forged job letter for the Dhanbad division. However, Kumari Ashna, Biswas Kumar Srivastava and Jitendra Kumar Yadav could not join because the fraud was detected beforehand.The probe in this regard took an interesting turn when one Ashish Kumar (25), son of a railway employee, was also arrested. He used to make fake medical memos in his own handwriting. Ashish has completed BCA and is currently studying law. Investigations revealed that he became a part of the racket to get his maternal uncle Anand Vidyarthi appointed in the railways through illegal means.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129839", "title": "Driver, student commit suicide", "text": "PUNE: A 22-year-old man and a 21-year-old woman, who were in love, committed suicide by consuming poisonous chemicals in a jeep parked outside the State Bank of India branch at Pandhare village in Wadgaon-Nimbalkar, 85 km from here, on Saturday. The Wadgaon-Nimbalkar police have identified the victims as Tulsiram Gaikwad of Dhakale village in Baramati taluka and Jyoti Salvi(21) of Wadgaon-NimbalkarThe police said Gaikwad was in love with Jyoti, who is appearing for the SSC examination an SSC student, but his family had arranged his marriage with another girl, to be held on Sunday. Gaikwad, a driver, had borrowed the jeep from his employer. On Friday, he had picked Jyoti up from her house.Investigations have revealed that the duo allegedly consumed poisonous chemical inside the jeep on Friday night. The incident came to light on Saturday around 9 am after their bodies was spotted by the people.The police have registered a case of accidental death. tnnSub inspector Govind Pandhare is investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12129567", "title": "Killer ship to reach Chennai today", "text": "KOCHI: M V Prabhu Daya, one of the vessels suspected to be involved in the collision with a fishing boat off Alappuzha coast on Thursday, will reach Chennai on Monday, owners of the ship said.A team of official from the Mercantile Marine Department (MMD) will also be reaching Chennai on Sunday to probe the veracity of the charges against the ship.\"We can confirm whether M V Prabhu Daya was actually involved in the incident only after the team's investigation,\" MP John, principal officer of MMD and head of the probe team, told TOI here.Shipping minister G K Vasan had also stated that MV Prabhu Daya was one of vessels suspected to have involved in the incident.Meanwhile, a 10-member Navy clearance diving team reached the wreck of the fishing vessel 'Don' on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12129135", "title": "Court rejects bail plea in Arya murder case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Judicial magistrate Kamesh Shukla on Saturday rejected bail plea of Dr VK Arya murder accused Anand Prakash Tiwari and Ram Krishna Verma. The two along with others were nabbed by police. Dr Arya was the CMO Lucknow when he was shot dead allegedly in connection with NRHM scam.Officer bearers of LBA take oath: Justice SN Shukla on Saturday administered oath of office to Lucknow Bar Association's newly elected president Anil Bajpai. Later Bajpai administered oath to other office bearers including general secretary GN Shukla. The elections were held on February 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12129193", "title": "MP board Class X exams begin", "text": "INDORE: Thousands of Class X students appeared for the board examination, conducted by Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education ( MPBSE), in the city on Saturday.On the first day, apart from Sanskrit, examination for 14 other languages was held at 148 centres in the city. Board officials said more than 46,900 students appeared for the exam. Flying squads monitored the situation and police arrangements were made at sensitive centres. Three policemen were deployed at each examination centre.S B Singh, joint director, school education, district education officer and flying squads of block education officers visited centres to keep a tab on cases of cheating.The flying squad found several students with mobile phones in the examination hall during the inspection. The board has banned the use of mobile phone in examination hall. The divisional in-charge of board, Shailza Tiwari, had asked the invigilators not to be lenient with such students. \"We have already made it clear to all the centres to not allow mobile phones in examination hall. If students are found having mobile phone, we will seek clarification from the centre in-charge,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12130050", "title": "Little maestros will make music at NCPA", "text": "Abutterfly of music fluttered her wings in Japan many years ago and the ripples are now reaching India to create magic in the lives of some of Mumbai's children.It was after the second world war that a man called Shin'ichi Suzuki concluded that the only way to restore sanity in a generation of children ravaged by loss was by bringing music into their lives. So he devised a curriculum and method of teaching the violin. It could have been any instrument really.The idea was that just as children have the innate skill to learn their mother tongue, they have the ability to learn an instrument. Suzuki pioneered the idea that pre-school children could learn to play the violin if the learning steps were small enough and the instrument was scaled down to suit their size. The idea was not to create prodigies, just people who would eventually love music and all the beauty that comes with it.This humanist educator and philosopher, who was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize , believed: \"If a child hears fine music from the day of his birth and learns to play it himself, he develops sensitivity, discipline and endurance. He gets a beautiful heart.\"So when the directors of the National Centre for the Performing Arts (NCPA), Mumbai's premier cultural body-which has arguably been under threat for harbouring largely geriatric audiences-decided to bring children into its fold, it was only natural that the Suzuki method would be the best one to follow. It started with a pilot project at the Avabai Petit School in Bandra three years ago.\"Within months, the students transformed from being shy and quiet into confident little creatures, who seemed to be saying, 'Look at me!' \" says Zane Dalal, conductor of the Symphony Orchestra of India (SOI), and one of the forces behind this idea. \"The pride, pleasure and this tremendous sense of individualism that learning music gives will stay with them and help in some way or the other ,\" he says.Today, Suzuki violin teachers farm out to eight schools across the city. Children also learn at the NCPA, often on a windswept lawn next to the monumental theatres, goaded on by a Venezuelan cellist called Lisamary Guiliany who coordinates the program.The last two weeks have seen particularly intensive rehearsals for a show at Tata Theatre on March 7, where more than 200 children will raise their bows together.One of the ideas that drove Dalal and Marat Bisengaliev, artistic director of SOI, was to create future audiences for classical music as well as players qualified to apply to any orchestra in the world.In fact, the success of the programme has spawned the next level-a conservatory along the lines of the Russian School of Music. The programme, which currently has 14 students, was started last October and will be launched more formally in June this year. The teachers are highly qualified musicians from SOI.Santoor maestro Shivkumar Sharma, speaking on the need to include Indian classical music in every school curriculum , once said, \"Children live with so much stress these days, and music is the best stress reliever.\" Maybe a few more butterflies need to flap their wings somewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128068", "title": "Durgam Cheruvu sewerage treatment plant faces delay", "text": "HYDERABAD: The plan to set up a sewerage treatment plant (STP) near Durgam Cheruvu at Madhapur looks likely to be subjected to further delay as the Rangareddy district administration is yet to hand over land for the project.Durgamma Cheruvu, now Durgam Cheruvu, used to be the drinking water source for the Golconda fort in the Quli Qutub Shahi era. The Cheruvu, whose water was also used for irrigation, is spread over 83-acres. At present, the lake is the dumping point for untreated sewage from nearby localities. \"In order to protect Durgam Cheruvu, we have proposed a 30 million litres a day (MLD) capacity STP since the existing 5 MLD capacity plant is not enough to check the pollution of the lake. Officials from three government wings - HMWS&SB;, the Rangareddy district revenue department and the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) - had zeroed in on the site for the STP some five months back,\" HMWS&SB; director-technical, M Satyanarayana told STOI. \"A 10-acre plot is needed for the STP project. The land has to be provided by the Rangareddy district administration as the area falls under its jurisdiction. The land belongs to the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) Ltd and revenue authorities have to take the initiative to hand over the plot without any litigations dogging the transfer,\" the official added.It is learnt that an outlay of Rs 50 crore is required for the construction of the STP which is being funded by APIIC and GHMC. When contacted, Rangareddy joint collector B Jagannatham said that the land was available but they were waiting for the water board or APIIC to approach them to have it allotted. There has been no correspondence from the water board regarding the plot, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12135676", "title": "Sharad School student wins Mangalore city finale of Spell Bee", "text": "MANGALORE: Preetham Upadhya from Sharada Vidyalaya School won the Mangalore city finale of HDFC Life Spell Bee - India Spells 2012, the fourth edition of India's largest spelling competition for school students held at the Presidency School here on Sunday.Preetham will compete with winners from 29 other cities at the national final scheduled to be held in Mumbai. HDFC Life Spell Bee-India Spells 2012 powered by the Times of India, in association with Horlicks, an Initiative by 360 Degree's Experience is the Indian edition of the highly acclaimed Scripps Spelling Bee. Times NIE is the Education partner for the eventFollowing an exciting battle of words among 18 schools in Mangalore, Sharada Vidyalaya School came out victorious. Vaishnavi Ballal of Sharada Vidyalaya School and Adithya Shetty of Presidency school, Kelrai were the runners up.More than 125 enthusiastic students from across the city participated in this preliminary city round reiterating the growing popularity of the Spell Bee-India Spells 2012 among students. G Thangadurai, Director of Presidency group of schools Bangalore and Mangalore graced the occasion as the chief guest for the evening and awarded the winner.Sanjay Tripathy, Executive Vice President and Head, Marketing and Direct Channels, said he was satisfied with the overwhelming response received in Mangalore.\"This keenness clearly signifies the desire among young minds for improving their spelling, increase their vocabularies, learn concepts, and develop the adequate use of correct English. As a result, children are able to read and write more effectively and score higher on standardized test and college prep tests and beyond,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12129136", "title": "Four students held for Ooty polytechnic clash", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Four students were arrested by the Nilgiris police in connection with a clash that took place inside the campus of Government Polytechnic College in Ooty on Friday. While three students pursuing third year electronics course were arrested late Friday night, a third civil engineering student was picked up by the police on Saturday.According to Ooty town DSP R Rangasamy, M Arunpandian, a 20-year-old from Pudukottai district, P Ayyanar Appan, a 21-year-old from Salem district and P Shanmugavelayutham, also a 21-year-old from Tirunelveli, were arrested on late Friday night. The students were staying in the hostel attached to the polytechnic.S Pothieswaran from Tirunelveli was arrested by the police on Saturday. \"Four students were arrested as they were involved in ransacking the college campus and attacking five other students, who have been since admitted to the government hospital,\" said Rangasamy.The injured students, pursuing mechanical engineering, are being treated in the ICU of the Ooty Government Hospital. \"Investigation is not complete,\" added the DSP. The police force deployed in the college campus has been withdrawn. The authorities have decided to reopen the college on Monday.On Friday, five students of Government Polytechnic College in Ooty were injured following a ruckus involving hostel inmates from mechanical department and electronic department. Students belonging to the electronic department barged into the mechanical department lab and attacked the students. Subsequently, another group of students ransacked the college, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12128757", "title": "Nine more baby deaths in Malda", "text": "MALDA: Nine newborns have allegedly died in Malda District Hospital in 48 hours, but the hospital authority is tight-lipped over the matter, thanks to a new circular issued by the government.The principal secretary of the state health department issued a memo on February 21 instructing the district health officials that henceforth Dr Asit Biswas, a technical officer of strategic planning and sector reform cell, would act as the spokesman of the state health and family welfare department. No other district health official would be allowed to speak to the media.The medical college and hospital authority, including the principal of the medical college and the chief medical officer of health (CMOH), cited this directive and refused to disclose the details of the patients. However, insiders confirmed that at least nine babies have died in 48 hours. It may be recalled that in the last two months more than 200 babies have died in the hospital, much to the embarrassment of the health department.Sources claimed Sirodebi Mandal of Mahadipur village under Kaliachak police station lost her one-day-old son on Friday. Jyotsna Sarkar of Bagbari village under English Bazaar police station faced a similar fate. However, the names of the rest could not be known.CPM, Congress and BJP leaders have together slammed the circular, terming it \"autocratic\". CPM district secretary Ambar Mitra said: \"The state government is trying to suffocate democracy by adopting strategies to hide information.\"The Congress leader and sabhadhipati of Malda zilla parishad, Ujjwal Chowdhury, said: \"I wonder if this is democracy.\"District BJP president Shyam Chand Ghosh said \"the state government was heading towards dictatorship\".Congress MLA of Englishbazar was the most critical: \"When we stress on transparency and urge for daily newsletter about crib deaths, such an order will widen the gulf between the people and the hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128210", "title": "Son's surprise visit to family turns fatal", "text": "NAGPUR: It was supposed to be a surprise for the Karankar family. Their 22-year-old son Nikhil secretly planned to come home on Saturday instead next week, a day before Holi. Instead, Nikhil's plan turned into a tragedy.Nikhil, who was pursuing his second year engineering from Nanded, died after he slipped down from the Kolhapur Express as it slowed down at Ajni railway station on Saturday afternoon.On Friday morning, before he boarded the train, Nikhil had told his parents and younger sister Priyanka that he had a surprise for them. While they thought that he might be bringing gifts for them when he would arrive next week, their confusion cleared when Nikhil called up his mother around 12.25 pm on Saturday, and said that he would be with her within a few minutes.\"He disconnected the call and stood near the door of the train compartment to get down. In his excitement, he slipped down and came under the train wheels,\" said police.Nikhil succumbed to his injuries on the spot. Since he was not carrying any identity card, Ajni railway police rang up the number in his dialed list of the cell phone. Nikhil's mother was eagerly waiting for Nikhil when the police called the family to inform them about his death.Police said that Priyanka had received the phone and later handed it to her father Vijay, an electrician. Nikhil's ill-fated death has taken away the family's hope for financial support. The relatives said that after completing his Std X, Nikhil had worked part time while completing his polytechnic course.\"Even during engineering, he was earning while learning and would pay his fees,\" said a relative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128161", "title": "NMC stops Rs 200cr bills of contractors", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems that the sword of revenue and undertaking works more than capacity due to municipal elections has fallen on the contractors of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). Bills of over 200 crore is pending for last three months, if the contractors are to be believed.President of NMC Contractors Welfare Association Vijay Naidu said that the contractors are in crisis due to pending bills worth over 200 crore for last three months.\"Engineers and other officials were busy with election work for last two months thus halting the process of billing. Besides, the process to prepare and issue the bills was started under e-Governance system. The engineers have no experience of uploading the bills and issuing them through e-Governance. Many have not even operated the computers. We are unable to continue the works and pay bills to the parties from whom materials and manpower was taken. All contractors will start an agitation from March 5 after holding meeting with the new mayor,\" he said.Gausuddin Sayyad and other contractors also raised slogans and demanded immediate disbursement of bills. If few of the contractors are to be believed, NMC is running out of cash.\"Revenue has come down due to elections. Besides, the administration passed many works and undertook a few before the code of conduct came into effect. Thus, NMC is not able to pay the bills to the contractors. But the officials are citing e-Governance as a reason,\" said a contractor.It was a routine strategy couple of years ago at NMC to stop the bills of contractors at the end of fiscal due to collection of revenue much less than target. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal resolved the issue last fiscal by undertaking works as per revenue. But the election year seems to disturbed the calculations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12129169", "title": "Three held for firing at man over old rivalry", "text": "INDORE: The city police arrested three persons when they were trying to escape in a vehicle after firing at a person in Depalpur area, about 40 km from the city, on Friday night. Two of the accused were sentenced for murdering the victim's father in 1995.Police said that the three accused identified as Rampal Singh, his brother Mahendra Singh and Ramesh Yogi were arrested when they were trying to escape in a vehicle after opening fire on Banti, son of Bharat Singh Nagar of Fatehpur village. Bunty escaped unhurt in the incident.Acting on a tip-off that three people fired on Banti and were speeding off towards the city, the Depalpur police launched a search and arrested the trio after intercepting their vehicle in the city. The police also seized two weapons, believed to be used for the crime, from their possession, said Ghanshyam Bamania, the in-charge of Depalpur police station, adding that there was an old rivalry between the victim and the accused.According to police, the brothers, Rampal and Mahendra, had killed Bharat Singh Nagar and was sentenced to jail term. This time the accused were targeting his son Bunti, added the police.Mahendra has completed his jail term while Rampal is out on parole, said Bamania.He said that police booked them under section 307 of IPC and they have been sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12130261", "title": "Wrong touch", "text": "Hours after the gangrape of a woman in Burdwan's Katwa recently, Mamata Banerjee , the lady who came to power promising justice to the powerless , announced with fiery conviction that the horrid crime was \"concocted by the CPM\" to malign her government. A few days before that, when an Anglo-Indian woman in Park Street went to the police saying she was sexually assaulted at gunpoint, the CM had said that, too, was 'fabricated. If that wasn't shocking enough, coming as it did from a woman of such prominence, a blundering Noida police happily gave away the identity and address of a 17-year-old girl raped by five men. Even families just want a quiet burial to the whole sorry episode. A father whose son was sodomized told his counsellor, \"Thank god he can't get pregnant.\"Do we, as a nation, lack the maturity and empathy to deal with the issue of rape and those traumatized by it? Are we deliberately insensitive to it because it has been drilled into our heads that the victim \"asked\" for it? Do we even know what it takes for rape victims to be brought out of their dark worlds?Getting these victims back on their feet is a slow and labourious task. \"Rape victims need crisis interventionists who are extremely informed about sexual violence ,\" says Vidya Reddy of Tulir, a Chennai-based centre dealing with child sexual abuse. \"Even children who are sexually assaulted may seem outwardly normal but have sudden headaches months later which can't be interpreted by a general counsellor.\"There is also ignorance and squeamishness in India in dealing with sexual violence, says Reddy. Many doctors, she claims, don't even know how to examine a rape victim. \"How many in the judiciary and police have done modules on sexual violence? How many know there is an 18-month window wherein any sexually transmitted disease can show up?\" she asks.In the light of so many negative pressures on the victim, how do psychologists help them? It can take months to a year. Even then, it's never a complete recovery as trust becomes an issue all their lives. Rita Mehta (not her real name), a 31-year-old MNC employee , raped five years back, didn't reveal the incident either to her parents or the police as she was scared and ashamed. \"I was raped by a friend and his friend at a party after a couple of drinks,\" she says. \"But where could I go? Indian society always blames a woman for rape.\"Initially, Mehta saw a rapist in every man she met. Others feel naked. Sometimes, the smell of an aftershave or a song can hurtle the victim back to the rape scene, says Pulkit Sharma, clinical psychologist at VIMHANS, Delhi. In Mehta's case, the fact that she didn't get the rapist convicted, made him more blase . \"When I bumped into him later, he had a lusty smile and wanted to be friends again. He said I was oldfashioned for not liking group sex. He didn't even think it was rape.\"A psychologist has to break through the three reactions he gets in a victim: guarded demeanour , hysteria or silent withdrawal. Giving false hopes can be damaging . The family is usually allowed to speak first and taught not to be judgmental and to give space.The first phase of treatment is developing preliminary trust. Sharma remembers one victim who was silent all through the first three sessions. Another accused him of being harsh. \"Don't abandon them. For me, the victim is God. I become softer, gentler and speak in Hindi. I know trust is reciprocated when the silences between us are comfortable,\" he says.The next stage is narrating the incident. Often, the victim's memory is fragmented, the sequence of events jumbled up. Police and judiciary should understand that, says Reddy, when they cross-examine her.The last step is restoring trust and terminating the counselling. Most rape victims don't even reach this stage due to lack of patience on the part of stakeholders. Some victims develop a parent-child bond with the psychologist. Others , romantic feelings. The psychologist too needs to be grounded and terminate the bond gently. He should be prepared to take the rage that spouts forth then.India can take lessons from Sexual Assault Referral Centres (SARC) in the UK. Called the Havens in London, these are 24-hr free specialist services in hospitals . They have a discreet, ummarked entrance for rape victims and have professionals who offer advice and succour. Specially trained doctors do such a thorough forensic medical examination that it takes more than two hours. The evidence is stored for seven years in case the victim changes her mind. Will India ever reach this stage?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128553", "title": "Two held for robbing businessman", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons have been arrested for robbing a businessman of cash and valuables worth Rs 7 lakh in south Delhi. The accused, Juber Ahmed (28) and Gopal (26), belong to the Juber-Raja gang, also known as the 'Kashmiri Gang', and were active in Delhi for sometime, said police.\" Vijay Sarpal, a computer parts dealer, was robbed of cash and some valuables on February 18. Sarpal had just reached his house in Kalkaji from his showroom at Nehru Place when the incident took place around 9.30pm. We have recovered Rs 40,000 cash as well as a Hyundai Santro worth Rs 1.2 lakh and jewellery worth Rs 40,000. Both the car and jewellery were bought with the robbed money,\" said a senior police officer.Cops said that the victim had closed his showroom at 9.25pm and drove his Honda Civic to his Kalkaji residence. \"When he parked his car in front of his house and asked his help to take out bags lying in the boot of the car containing Rs 7 lakh, three cheques to the tune of Rs 3 lakh and other valuable documents, four or five criminals carrying firearms surrounded him and his help. They snatched the bags from him and ran away,\" explained a senior cop.\"The gang members had earlier committed one such daring robbery of Rs 5.8 lakh on the AIIMS flyover in which both were arrested. They used to commit daring incidents on specific information,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12128699", "title": "We have material evidences: CBI", "text": "BHOPAL: Sources add that after Shehla was shot dead on August 16 last year, her father had rung up Singh but he did not take the call. He handed the phone to his friend and builder Sanjeev Gupta, who told the caller that the MLA was in a temple. After a while, Zaheda rang up Gupta and told him that Shehla had been killed'', the sources said.Singh, according to CBI officials, was sandwiched between Zaheda and Shehla. Zaheda was allegedly jealous of Shehla, who too had bonded well with the MLA. \"We have recovered certain material evidences indicating the extent of closeness between Singh and Zaheda, from her office\", they added.Parvez's car tracedZaheda Parvez's black Indica Vista car (MP04 CC 4308) that was allegedly used to pay Rs two lakh to the killers Shanu Alunga and Arif, has been traced CBI sources said.The car had been exchanged a few days back for another through a local car dealer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12128113", "title": "Man found murdered at Duggirala turmeric market", "text": "GUNTUR: The head of the daily wage workers' union at Duggirala turmeric market yard was found murdered in the early hours of Saturday. Police picked two workers also working in the same yard as suspects in the case.The deceased, K Chittibabu, 45, of Kondapalli near Vijayawada,was the head of the market yard's daily wagers. He had helped two youth from his village, Narayana and Chinna, by giving them employment. But when the duodemanded higher wages, Chittibabu refused.Angry over his refusal, the two allegedly assaulted Chittibabu with iron rods when he was asleep, late on Friday. While Narayana fled the scene after the act, Chinna remained in the yard, feigning ignorance about the murder. Later, Chinna is said to have confessed to the crime following intense grilling by the police which led to Narayana, too, being arrested.Local police have registered a case and said that they were investigating the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12135055", "title": "No talk of shutdown: Kingfisher", "text": "MUMBAI: Trying to scotch speculation of a shutdown, cash-strapped Kingfisher on Sunday said it was in talks with tax authorities to get the accounts of the airlines un-frozen and asked its pilots, skipping flying duties, to fall in line.But pilots protesting delay in payment of salaries claimed that Kingfisher CEO Sanjay Aggarwal had warned them during a meeting on Thursday that the extreme step could be resorted to, indicating the airlines' closure, if they don't resume duties.\"Sanjay Aggarwal met with a group of pilots to appeal to them not to stay away from flying duties which would potentially affect the operating schedule. At no time was there any suggestion that Kingfisher Airlines would shut down,\" a statement by Prakash Mirpuri, vice-president, corporate communications of the airlines, said.\"We are trying our very best to cooperate with the tax authorities and get our accounts un-frozen at the earliest so that normalcy could be restored, employee salaries paid and further aircraft recoveries started,\" he said.A different version of the meeting was given by the pilots.\"If you want to fly, you fly and if you dont want to fly, you are free to do so. Otherwise, we will have to think of the extreme option (of completely closing),\" the pilots quoted Aggarwal as having told them.Aggarwal also told the delegation he cannot commit anything before March 10, a pilot, who was part of the delegation, said.The development comes on the heels of the service tax department freezing as many as 40 bank accounts of Kingfisher Airlines for non-payment of dues to the tune of Rs 40 crore.Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh has indicated that flight license could be temporarily suspended, instead of being cancelled, to give the airline a chance to resume operations once it sorts out its problems.The aviation regulater DGCA has already warned Kingfisher that its financial problems should not impinge on safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12129397", "title": "Criminal shot, accomplices manage to escape", "text": "KANPUR: A criminal, carrying a reward of Rs 50,000 on his head, was gunned down by STF and Kalyanpur police on Friday night. His accomplice managed to escape. The cops were combing the Barasirohi area on Saturday to locate him.Rahul Bawariya, son of Jhuriya, a native of Bharatpur Deeh in Rajasthan and carrying a reward of Rs 50,000 on his head, was gunned down by the STF and the police, in a joint operation in Barasirohi village on Friday night. His accomplice managed to escape, said DSP Shailendra Lal.The criminal was wanted in cases of heinous crime. He had committed a murder-cum-robbery in Bindki town in Fatehpur district about a couple of years ago. The Fatehpur police had announced a reward of Rs 50,000 on his head.Acting on a tip-off, when the police team tried to intercept Rahul and his accomplice riding on a two-wheeler, near Barasirohi canal in Kalyanpur on Friday night, they opened fire. In the exchange of fire, Rahul suffered serious gun-shot wounds. His accomplices managed to escape. The police rushed him to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, where he was declared brought dead on arrival.The police recovered a pistol and several cartridges from him. Villagers are being questioned to get information about the criminal who had fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129995", "title": "Of eco-friendly pigs and wise wolves", "text": "When Archana Bhide was growing up, Goldilocks was a fair-haired innocent who stumbled into an empty home belonging to three bears, partook of their porridge, broke a chair, slept in their beds-and fled when they returned home.But for Bhide's little daughter Avani, the story is incomplete . Reason: Goldilocks never went back to her victims, apologised for creating the mess, learnt how to rebuild a chair or thanked the three bears for their kindness.Avani, who was read the brandnew version of the classic fairytale may or may not know that it was her mother who recreated it with the help of educationists at the Early Childhood Association. Collectively, they turned Goldilocks and the Three Bears into Goldilocks and the Three Magic Words to teach children the importance of saying 'sorry' , 'thank you' and 'please' . That's the chief aim of this movement of parents and teachers: creating \"fractured fairytales \" to inculcate important values that the old fairytales keep out.\"The idea is to see fairytales not as written in stone but as lumps of clay,\" says Rhonda Divecha, a professor at Nirmala Niketan, who presented a paper on \"fractured fairytales \" and \"bibliotherapy\" at the National Conference of the Early Childhood Association held in Mumbai last week. Divecha points out that while there are books that deal with issues like anxiety about the first day at school, the problem arises when a specific issue being faced at home is not matched with a book in the market. For instance, if a child displays anxiety about a new sibling, the story of Jack And The Beanstalk can be retold with Jack returning from the Giant's home not with a pot of gold but a baby sister. \"This way, the child will feel responsible towards the sibling,\" she says.It is this concept of teaching life lessons through fractured storytelling that the ECA is now focusing on by energising over 73 pre-schools , parents and eight NGOs working in the space of early child development. \"Fairytales have a lasting impact on not only childhood but also adulthood . Most popular fairytales bear relevance to another time. For instance , 'Ring-a-ring-o' -roses ' was written during the plague of London while the concept of the evil stepmother existed when women used to die during childbirth. Such ideas may not always relate to the sociogeopolitics of our times,\" says Swati Popat Vats, president of ECA.Vats says that during her work with pre-schoolers , she found a strain of common grievances: sibling rivalry , separation anxiety, aggression and sociability issues which manifested variously in bed-wetting , withdrawal , anger or fear. Such issues, she says, can be appropriately addressed if parents and teachers actively tweak well-known stories.During one of her sessions, Vats asked a group of children what they thought of the wolf's motive in the Three Little Pigs. \"First they said the wolf wanted to eat the pigs but after I told them that he wanted, in fact, to tell them something, they started thinking,\" she says. Slowly, the discussion moved to the materials the pigs used to build their homes, which ones were safe for living and which could have a less harmful impact on the environment.\"We discussed how the straw house could be blown down and how the wood house, besides killing trees, could catch fire. We all agreed that a brick house was best for the pigs and the environment,\" she says. That's how, with inputs from the kids, the story of the The Three Little Pigs Love the Earth came about-here , the wolf goes to each pig's house and tells him about the environmental cost of his dwelling.For Snehal Maydeo, a mother who attended a fractured fairytales workshop , the concepts have allowed her to gain an insight into her children's minds. \"When I was retelling the story of Aladdin And The Magic Lamp, I asked them what they would wish for. My younger son said he wanted his schoolbus to have wings that would bring home earlier and give him more play time. These are things I would have not known by simply asking him,\" she says.Perhaps then, fractured fairytales might just be a way to reach the fairytale ending that a generation fed on aggression, violence and frustration is in need of.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "fatehbad", "code": "12130304", "title": "Cop's son commits suicide", "text": "FATEHBAD: Son of an assistant sub-inspector in Fatehabad committed suicide by hanging himself in his room on Friday night. Victim Harpreet Singh , 22, worked in an electronic shop. His father Nirmal Singh said Harpreet was watching TV at night but did not respond when called for dinner.The police broke the door of his room and found the body hanging from a rope. Nirmal Singh said his son was suffering from mental tension since his grandmother passed away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12127653", "title": "Chandragupta Institute of Management Patna achieves 100% placement this year", "text": "PATNA: Chandragupta Institute of Management Patna (CIMP) achieved hat trick of placement of 100 per cent of its students in 2012.More than 20 companies had participated in the placement drive from sectors such as banking, financial services and insurance, management consulting, FMCG, engineering/technology, IT, social and non-profit organizations this year. A press release issued by the CIMP stated that top companies like Tata Advanced Systems , LIC Housing, COMPFED, HDFC, ITC, Colgate Palmolive, Dion Global and National Dairy Development Board recruited students through campus interviews this year.Chairman, Placement, Prof Ribhu Kumar said, \"Since the inception of the Institute in 2008, we have been able to increase the number of companies visiting the campus for recruitment with the average salary offered by them also shooting up. We are forced to building long-term partnership with the companies as the company's professionals are invited at various levels to interact with the students to share industry knowledge and challenges faced by a freah management graduates at the workplace.\".Kumar said about 80 per cent of the jobs offered were in the field of general management, marketing and sales adding the successful placement in the challenging economic conditions facing the corporates today is a testimony to the quality of students and the faith of industries in CIMP. Director, CIMP, V Mukunda Das said, \"We are happy that students from economically weaker sections are getting placed well, which we regard as contribution of CIMP in bringing radical social changes in Bihar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12128857", "title": "Metro hope fades for old city", "text": "GURGAON: The wait for a Metro station on the other side of the highway may get longer with the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) officials, after meeting the residents of old Gurgaon on Monday, reportedly deciding against altering the present proposal of setting up a 12-km express line from IGI airport to IFFCO Chowk.The officials, however, said the Haryana government will have the last word. The residents of the old city had proposed that the present plan be adjusted to accommodate a new station in either Sector 4 or Sector 5.Accompanied by Gurgaon MP Rao Inderjit Singh, the residents of the old city met DMRC managing director Mangu Singh in New Delhi on Wednesday to discuss the issue. \"We were told the proposed line is a high-speed rail connection, and that all the proposed stations fall almost in a straight line to facilitate better speed,\" the MP told TOI. ,The residents' proposal to add another station to the planned 12-kilometre stretch raises a design issue for the DMRC. \"If they were to take the present proposed line from Palam Vihar to somewhere near Rajiv Chowk, it would create a huge curve on the whole route. And it isn't practical for a line that needs to be running at 100kmph,\" added Singh.The DMRC officials said the matter now rests with the Haryana government. \"We have already prepared a detailed project report of the airport line extension to IFFCO Chowk. So this won't be changed,\" said an official.There are also talks of a possible survey of the old city by the DMRC, if the state government approves it. \"A letter needs to be given to the Haryana government, and if they approve, a survey of the old town will be conducted to find out the feasibility of getting a separate Metro line there,\" said the MP. Sources say that should the state approve a service for the old city, the only way would be to extend the regular Delhi Metro line, which goes up to the HUDA City Centre Metro station.According to Dharam Sagar, chairman of the Federation of Residents' Welfare Associations, who also attended the meeting on Wednesday, the residents will meet chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda this week requesting his approval. \"The 12-km airport line will stay the same. But the DMRC official said that a new survey of the area might be conducted after the approval of the state government,\" he said. The official added that Rapid Metro Gurgaon has also shown interest in connecting the old city with the new.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12130089", "title": "Milk supply in city SAPped", "text": "VADODARA: Lakhs of Barodians woke up on Saturday morning searching for their daily pouch of milk as supply across the city was severely hit after Baroda Dairy failed to make a smooth transition from its semi-manual system to the new inventory management software system - SAP.Citizens who usually have milk pouches at their doorsteps by early morning had to rush to milk parlours before even enjoying their cuppa of tea.Baroda Dairy is member union of the Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) that markets brand Amul,The dairy co-operative union which supplies around four lakh litres milk per day (eight lakh milk pouches) in the city was hoping that it would change over to the new system on March 1. But the milk supply in the city remained affected for two days. Even on Saturday, the early morning supply which is dispatched by the dairy union in late night got delayed.So if housewives turned to the local 'dudhwala' to get some loose milk, others made a queue at private milk centres in the city.\"I had to travel all the way to Makarpura from Gotri to collect milk pouches. While the vendor did not drop the milk pouches at my home, even the Baroda Dairy parlour in our area did not have the milk pouches,\" Suman Mishra, a city-based teacher told TOI. The Baroda Dairy has a network of around 2,000 retailers and vendors, roadside or full-time parlours in the city. So far the retailers were working on credit balance but with SAP being adopted by the dairy union the entire cycle has shifted to cash balance, which means the vendors have to pay in advance in order to get the milk crates.Baroda Dairy's managing director Pratik Kumar admitted that the dairy is facing some teething problems as it is shifting to SAP system.\"It was on Friday that we made a complete transition to the new SAP system. While we managed our procurement, packaging and dispatching cycle on SAP, the dispatch of milk had got delayed for two hours. So instead of 5.30 am, the first dispatch reached at around 7.30 am. But since then three other dispatches at 8 am, 12 noon and 4 pm have happened as per schedule,\" he said.Kumar assured that milk supply in the city would get normalized on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "12129641", "title": "Doctor accused of kidnapping son", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: A family dispute turned into a nasty fight on the busy Sarabha Nagar road in front of Sacred Heart Convent on Saturday morning when a city-based gynaecologist accused her estranged husband, also a doctor, of kidnapping their eight-year-old son. Dr Himanshu Sachdeva, the gynaecologist, claimed that her husband Dr Atul Sachdeva sent a gang of about 10 burly men and forcefully took her son Vaibhav away.However, while admitting that Vaibhav is with him, Dr Atul denied allegations of kidnapping and claimed that his son had expressed the desire to accompany him.Dr Atul, a resident of Barsi Jodhewal, and his wife have been living apart for more than a month. Police officials said they will seek legal opinion for the case before registering a case.Describing the events of Saturday morning, Dr Himanshu, who has been staying at her unclea??s house in Punjab Mata Nagar, said, I went to the school to drop my daughter for an exam while my son was sitting in the car outside with my uncle. Suddenly a group of 10-12 men came in two cars and abducted my son. My husband was accompanying those people...he kidnapped my son because we have been staying apart for sometime now. She added that she complained to the police but they did not register case saying they want to seek legal advice before taking action.Corroborating Dr Himanshua??s claim of the sequence of events, BRS Nagar-resident Adish Bamba, whose daughter also studies in Sacred Heart said he was witness to the drama that ensued around 8.15am on Saturday. I had gone to drop my daughter at school when I saw around eight men pouncing on a car. I rushed to see what was wrong but within minutes the men dragged a young boy out of the car and took him to the opposite side of the road where a black car, registration number PB 10 BN 1665 was waiting, he said.Adish said Dr Himanshu raised an alarm and tried to save her son but she could not. The black car had a man wearing red tracksuit at the wheels and another woman sitting inside. Dr Himanshu identified that the man was her husband and the woman his sister. It is a shocking incident and like an open invitation to miscreants to kidnap anybodya??s child, Adish added.Refuting the allegations, a resident of Barsi Jodhewal, Dr Atul said, A father can never kidnap his son. I went to the school to wish my daughter luck before her final exams but she had already gone inside the school. My son spotted me and waved. Since we were meeting after a long time he said he wanted to come with me to my house. He is right now there spending some time with his grandparents.Station house officer of Sarabha Nagar police station Brij Mohan confirmed that they have received a complaint from the childa??s mother. But it is a dispute between husband and wife so we want legal opinion. They may solve their problem anytime so we have to investigate the case first.About the need for legal opinion, additional deputy commissioner of police (ADCP) Kulwinder Singh said, These are allegations and we are yet to inquire from both parties so it would be early to register case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12130035", "title": "CIDCO hid reserved forest land to get airport nod, says activist", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: An environmentalist from the city has complained to the ministry of environment and forests that the proposed airport at Navi Mumbai received the environment clearance in 2010 as CIDCO, the nodal agency of the project, did not reveal to the authorities the presence of 130 hectares of reserved forest land in the area.Besides, the distance between the airport and the Karnala bird sanctuary is less than the prescribed 10km, though while asking for the green nod, the officials had wrongly shown it to be more than 10km.\"It is a very serious matter that City and Industrial Development Corporation of Maharashtra Limited (Cidco) hid the fact about the reserved forest in the airport zone while obtaining the environment clearance. The green clearance should be revoked on this very point,\" said Debi Goenka of Conservation Action Trust. \"Last month, I, along with senior Cidco officials, conducted a field survey of the airport land and found that its distance from the Karnala sanctuary boundary is 9.5km. An airport coming up this close to a bird sanctuary is dangerous, considering possibilities of bird-hits.\"Following the find, he complained about it to Union environment secretary Tishya Chatterjee, asking the ministry to revoke the green clearance. \"Cidco is spending around Rs 5,000 crore to flatten two hillocks, change the courses of two rivers, remove 400 acre mangroves and the now disclosed 130 hectares (around 321 acres) of reserved forests. It is wiser to shift the airport elsewhere than spend an insane amount to destroy nature,\" said Goenka.A senior Cidco official, however, refuted Goenka's \"findings\", saying going by the calculation, the airport boundary was over 10 km from the bird sanctuary. He also said the reserved forest within the airport area, which environmentalists claimed was not revealed to MoEF while seeking clearance, was deforested and handed over to Cidco way back in 1972-73. \"The forest land was bifurcated in 1915. The deforested portion was handed over to Cidco which is using it for the airport,\" said the Cidco official. However, TOI has gathered that state forest officials have prepared a draft that will be submitted to MoEF, stating the disputed green zone is indeed an earmarked reserved forest land, as shown in the revenue department records.The Cidco official also added that Matheran and Elephanta did not lie in the landing or take-off path and the details had been submitted to MoEF. But Goenka maintained that Matheran was bound to become \"very noisy\" once the planes started landing and taking off from Navi Mumbai.\"The Wildlife Advisory Board will have to look into the plan, regarding the airport's proximity to the bird sanctuary. About the reserved forest, MoEF will have to take a call,\" said a state forest official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12128616", "title": "18 shops gutted in Mysore market", "text": "MYSORE: A late night fire destroyed as many as 18 vegetable shops at the century-old Devaraja Market in Mysore on Friday. There were no casualties.Fire department officials said an electrical short circuit could have triggered the blaze. The fire broke out in a vegetable vending block in the northern part of the market around 11.30pm.Fire personnel said they received a call at 11.40pm on Friday and they immediately rushed five fire engines and 35 fire fighters. By the time they reached the spot, the entire block comprising 18 shops was gutted. The fire wiped out the lifeline of several men, with each shop losing almost Rs 50,000 worth goods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128103", "title": "\u2018E-classrooms will redefine education\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: A three-day conference on assessing and evaluating English language teacher education started here on Saturday. Organised by the British Council and the English and Foreign Languages University ( EFLU), more than 1,000 speakers have come down to the city to participate in the conference being held at HICC, Hitec City.Issues ranging from the divide between classroom and the outside world, changing the assessment system, merging technology with teaching would be discussed during the conference. Officials of the British Council said that there would be a gradual change in the system of education and that the concept of e-classroom which is taking shape in India will make a difference to teaching and learning.The conference brought together teachers from not just different states of India but across the world for discussing the diversity of a classroom and bridging the gap between privileged students and those who are deprived of good education.Michael Carrier, Director, English language development with British Council said that teachers during their careers cover 10,000 students and that the conference aimed at impacting those 10,000 students. He hoped the conference would eventually help improve the quality of education which in return will translate into better employment options, growth and mobility.Rob Lynes, director, British Council, said, \"The British council aims to establish innovative partnerships between India and UK to create opportunities for people to achieve more for themselves, and their communities by raising the level of English for all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12129382", "title": "'Incord' begins with discussion on internet censorship", "text": "KANPUR: 'Incord', the annual technical festival of computer science and engineering department of Hartcourt Butler Technological Institute commenced amid enthusiasm on Saturday.Manindra Agarwal of IIT-Kanpur was the chief guest. Apar Gupta, the keynote speaker, delivered a lecture on 'Stop Online Piracy Act' (SOPA).Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), is a bill that was introduced in the United States house of representatives on October 26, 2011 by house judiciary committee. The bill expands the ability of US law enforcement and copyright holders to fight online, trafficking in copyright intellectual property and counterfeit goods.HBTI director JSP Rai expressed happiness over the successful organisation of the techfest.Narendra Kohli, HoD, computer science and engineering department, said that Incord-2012 became a reality after months of relentless efforts.Organising secretary Vandana D Kaushik spoke about J-Virtuoso, Smack-D-Bug, Innoventure, Biz Quiz and a number of other events covering various spheres of computer engineering.Incord began with a panel discussion headed by Apar Gupta, Anirudh Bharti, Abhishek Gupta and moderated by Udiska Sinha.The hot topic of SOPA began with discussion about blockage of US access of websites, trafficking and censorship issues. All the panelists were strictly against censorship. There were discussions on copyright infringement and utility of internet.During the panel discussion, it was highlighted that the bill protects the intellectual property market and is necessary to bolster enforcement of copyright laws especially against foreign websites.Abhishek Gupta elaborated on how the consumer needs be defined where freedom of speech restricts internet damage.Anirudh Bharti discussed about listening to the plight of music and movie industry, where authenticity is at stake.Meanwhile, several informal events were also held during Incord on Saturday. Both the outstation students and the students of different engineering colleges of the city took part in paper-dance, tug of war, just a minute, arm wrestling, tambola, musical chair and various other entertaining programmes.Code Hour, Smack-D-Bug, Pandora's Box, Biz Plan and Robotics were some of the other events where a number of students took part in the first round and qualified for the finals.The music, masti and fun continued till late in the evening to mark the end of the day one of the event. The students were seen enjoying the event as it happened to be a break for them from the hectic schedule of studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12128275", "title": "Slash cement prices, demands Puglia", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Former Congress MP Naresh Puglia on Saturday demanded a cut in prices of cement in the state as done in Chhattisgarh. Cement prices have been slashed by Rs 50 per bag in Chhattisgarh against the use of local natural resources by the cement companies.Addressing a press conference, Puglia said that Chandrapur has five cement factories - ACC Ltd , Ultra-Tech Cement, Ambuja Cement, Manikgarh Cement and Murli Agro Cement.Most of them are set for major expansion. Collective production of these five industries is around 40,000 tonnes (about 2 lakh bags) per day.\"While these industries have exemptions in sales tax (now VAT), they utilize limestone, coal, water and power at subsidized rates from the state or central government. Moreover, they mix 25-35% of fly ash, readily available at a nominal cost at thermal power plants in Chandrapur, in their cement. With high availability of raw material, more cement industries are also coming up along Chandrapur border in adjoining Yavatmal district,\" he said.Puglia said that many cement companies earned huge profits in the last fiscal. Though the cost of production at the factory level is less, cement is sold in the market at an exorbitant price.The prices are even higher in cities like Nagpur and Mumbai where a cement bag costs over Rs 300, he claimed.He said that a handful of MNCs are taking over cement industries in the country. These major players have joined hands and jacked up cement prices, he alleged.Cement wage board arbitration award prohibits contract labour in the industry, but this too is also violated, Puglia alleged.He demanded that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan should intervene as his counterparts did in Chhattisgarh and Himachal Pradesh to slash the cement prices. He said that he would take up the matter with Chavan soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12129658", "title": "Market will be preserved", "text": "MYSORE: Sometime ago, when the roof of three shops in Devaraja Market caved in, Mysore City Corporation thought that that the structure outlived its utility. But what rescued it is its vintage quotient: the market is over 125 years old and is one of the prominent landmarks in the Heritage City along the Dasara procession route. It is not without reason that the market was on the itinerary of Nobel peace prize winner Archbishop Desmond Tutu when he was in the city six years ago.The planned market place was built in 1886, five years after Maharaja Chamaraja Wadiyar ascended the throne. Famously called as 'Dodda Market', it has survived though it is abused by the civic body, its custodian.Early in January 2007, MCC did a feasibility study to ascertain its structural stability. This followed a preliminary report by experts that the ornate structure has lost its verve. While the city's other two famed markets -- Mandi Market and Vani Vilas Market -- have been marked for reconstruction, the Devaraja Market's heritage value stopped the MCC in its tracks to demolish it and build a new market at the site. Owing to opposition from conservationists, the civic body has now decided to preserve it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129630", "title": "15 candidates in fray for Udupi-Chikmagalur LS byelections", "text": "Fifteen candidates are left in fray for the byelection to the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha constitutency to be held on March 18. In all, seven independents withdrew their nomination on Saturday. They include Abdul Rahman, and Amir Amza of Social Democratic Party, Jameeruddeen of National Development Party, Khader, HM Tarak Prakasham, Supreeth Kumar Poojary, and BK Susheela Jeevala, all independents.Out of 15 candidates in fray, five are from recognised political parties and rest independents. K Jayaprakash Hegde (Congress), SL Bhoje Gowda (JDS), Sunill Kumar (BJP), K Bharatesh (JDU), K Chandrashekar (National Democratic Party), and Asadulla, Deepak Rajesh Carvalho, Riyaz, Venktatesh S, Sridhar Vedamane, Srinivas Poojary, H Suresh Poojary, Hari Shanubhog, and Jayaprakash will try their best to woo the electorate in their favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127862", "title": "Cong threatens agitation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Pradesh Congress has threatened to take out a protest rally and gherao the state secretariat on March 12 if the state government fails to revoke the suspension of Leader of Opposition Shaktisinh Gohil.The day coincides with beginning of the famous Dandi March from Gandhi Ashram. On Friday, Gohil was suspended for the entire budget session after he showed \"disrespect\" to speaker Ganpatbhai Vasava by refusing to apologize for allegedly calling state agriculture minister Dilip Sanghani, known to be close to chief minister Narendra Modi, a partner of the Adani Group .Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee President Arjun Modhwadia said that the BJP has misused its majority by suspending Gohil, who was exposing corruption of the state government. The party has decided to meet President Pratibha Patil and Governor Dr Kamla to appraise them of the situation in the state.A dharna was also held in Ahmedabad city on Saturday in protest against Gohil's suspension. Modhwadia said that the government has banned electronic media for telecasting the proceedings of the house so that the truth is not revealed to the public.Meanwhile, tribal leaders of Congress have come out in support of Gohil. The leaders said it was the government, not the speaker, which suspended the LOP. One minister brought the resolution to suspend Gohil and another supported it.At least 14 tribal leaders, including Mohansinh Rathwa, Chandrikaben Baria, Amarsinh Vasava among others, have in a joint statement condemned chief minister Narendra Modi for maligning tribal society.According to the tribal leaders, the speaker had allowed Gohil to take part in debates after the incident. Shaken by this, at the instance of the chief minister, a resolution was brought in the House and Gohil was suspended and provisions in Assembly rules were ignored. Just to cover up his sins, the CM is using tribal community and the speaker as a shield.The speaker is elected from the ruling party. The ruling party has never forced the speaker to adjourn the House by resorting to continuous slogan shouting in the history of Gujarat. Modi puts up a brave face, but it is a fact that he is scared of the LOP, the tribal leaders said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128458", "title": "Man jumps to death at metro station", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man jumped to his death at the Uttam Nagar East metro station on Saturday evening at around 5.15pm. The victim's identity is yet to be established as he was carrying only a metro card and no form of identification.\"The man was wearing a yellow t-shirt, a black jacket and a pair of black trousers and a pair of blue Bata slippers. Strangely he carried no belongings or an id card. He is fair complexioned and appears to be around 45 years old. From his metro card all we can surmise is that he travelled from Dwarka sector 16 to Rajiv Chowk. We are planning to flash these details on TV and radio in the hope that the man's relatives come forward and claim his body,\" said a Delhi Police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12129609", "title": "Cochin port invites tender for cement bagging plant", "text": "KOCHI: The Cochin Port Trust (CPT) has invited tenders for setting up a cement bagging plant with a capacity of 10 lakh tonnes.Ambuja Cements is already operating a bagging plant with a capacity of three lakh tonnes at the port area, while Ultra Tech is setting up another with a capacity of two lakh tonnes.The port will lease six acres of land for a period of 30 years near the Q5 berth at Ernkaulam Wharf for setting up the new plant. The berth has a draft of 10 metres, and rail tracks pass very close to it.The new plant is set to become operational in two years, a Port spokesman told TOI here.Bagging plants are meant for large companies that bring bulk quantities of cement through ships.The cement is pumped to the plant where they are packed in bags and delivered to markets in Kerala as well as neighbouring states of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12129677", "title": "B S Yeddyurappa supporter attempts suicide in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: A BJP worker attempted suicide by consuming poison near the zoo bus stop here on Friday evening. Prakash from Kilanapura village in Mysore taluk took the drastic step after being upset over the \"injustice\" meted out to B S Yeddyurappa by the party high command.Prakash consumed the liquid soon after alighting from the bus, after which passersby shifted him to KR Hospital. The hospital staff found a suicide note with a mention of Yeddyurappa being neglected. \"I'm consuming poison in protest against BJP high command's denial of post to Yeddyurapa,\" he had written, complete with his signature.G Nanjundaswamy, chairman of Zoo Authority of Karnataka, who knew the youth, visited the hospital. \"He might have come to meet me. But I could not meet him as I was doing the rounds inside the zoo.\" Condemning Prakash's act, Nanjundaswamy said: \"Nobody should take such a step, as life is precious.\" Nazarbad police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12130285", "title": "\u2018MC has to earn its funds\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Southern sector of the city would not have faced the problem of waterlogging had storm water drainage been laid out as promised by the civic body. Manimajra and some other parts of the city would have been enjoying ample supply of potable water. The city would have, in general, got more roads and existing ones would have been widened.These are just a few things that residents of the city were deprived off, as the civic body failed to be proactive and implement revenue generation schemes due to which UT has not been granting even 10% of the plan budget to it under grant-in-aid from three financial years.UT says that MC has to generate own resources of income also, as they have to look out for all the departments of the Chandigarh and they distribute the money as per grants available form the government of India.When asked UT finance secretary V K Singh said, \"MC will have to raise their bar and immediately start the effort to increase their own resources of income. We have to distribute the grant in rationalize manner and have to take care of numbers of other department those are working for the welfare of the residents. Earlier, we gave them huge chunks of land, which was resource generation item, now they will have to thing on income generation lines.\" Newly appointed municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"As I have just joined three days back, I am not much aware about the grant issue, but state - administration have their own priorities they have to give money to various wings. There are several clauses under which it is defined that how much money should be given to which wing. I will soon discuss these matters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12129603", "title": "Cochin Shipyard may get new order for multi-purpose vessel", "text": "KOCHI: Ministry of shipping has taken an in-principle decision to place an order with the Cochin Shipyard Limited (CSL) for a new multi-purpose vessel for the Directorate General of Light Houses and Light Ships (DGLHLS). The total cost of the 70-feet vessel could be around Rs 175 crore including the customs and excise duties for various equipments, ministry sources told TOI here. The vessel is expected to replace DGLHLS's 34-year-old vessel.\"It has lived beyond its economical life and we want to replace it. The vessel is used for laying and maintaining buoys to navigate ships. It will also be used for movement of our staff to uninhabited islands in areas like Port Blair where India's light houses are located,'' said director general of light houses and light ships captain A M Surej.\"We will build a ship which is equipped with current technology and will last at least for more than 25 years,\" chairman and managing director of CSL commodore K Subramaniam said. The decision was taken at the recent ministry meeting which was one of the last meetings attended by former shipping secretary K Mohandas who retired on Wednesday. However, it might take another five to six months before the formal order for the new vessel is placed with CSL. \"We would be able to deliver the vessel within three years once we start building it,\" Subramaniam said.The order will give relief to CSL which is currently starved of fresh orders. The yard currently has 30 vessels on its order book, which includes 20 fast patrolling vessels for the coast guard and an aircraft carrier for the Indian Navy. Barring the two defence-related orders, CSL is expected to deliver all other vessels within one and a half years. \"We need at least five to six orders every year to keep us fully engaged. But currently we don't have any fresh orders,\" Subramaniam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128806", "title": "Court dismisses disproportionate assets case against Mulayam Singh Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Saturday dismissed a plea accusing Karnataka governor H R Bhardwaj, Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan and Attorney General G E Vahanvati of \"shielding\" Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and his family in a disproportionate assets (DA) case.Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Special Judge Talwant Singh dismissed the petition of Vishwanath Chaturvedi who had sought direction from the court to register an FIR to initiate a \"fair and impartial probe\" into all the offences chronicled in his complaint against those named.Chaturvedi, in a petition filed earlier this week, alleged that Vahanvati entered into a criminal conspiracy with various people and issued a legal opinion in November, 2008, recommending to the agency to withdraw an illegal assets case. The complainant alleged that the CBI had found prima facie evidence against Mulayam and his family members.Government has denied the allegation that any clean chit was given to Mulayam. In his opinion Vahanvati did not ask for dropping the proceedings against the case that is still pending in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12130491", "title": "\u2018An opposition party\u2019 on Weibo", "text": "BEIJING: The Communist Party of China is pushing parliamentarians and officials to help counter the anti-government campaign on the Twitter's local version - Weibo.The site has emerged as the only viable opposition to China's single-party rule by exposing wrongdoings of official-corruption , extravagant living and favoritism for their children.Around 400 politicians and 1,300 officials have joined Weibo to present the government's \"more people-friendly face'' amid searing criticism from bloggers.Experts say the move reflects a change in Chinese political elite's attitude and that it is now going beyond the usual practice of muzzling the media.But a CCTV survey showed most Chinese aren't buying government's claim that it was entering the micro blogging sphere to ensure greater transparency.Forty six percent respondents felt government-sponsored blogging amounted to one-way communications and can't be called interactive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132521", "title": "Sisters rivalry prime time soaps", "text": "There was a time when couch potatoes couldn't help gushing over serials like \"Betiyaan\" and \"Behnein\", which had female protagonists fighting the entire world for their sisters and even killing an enemy or two if they so much as dared to cast an aspersion on their kin. Move over gushing siblings!Enter warring sisters! Currently, prime time shows like \"Amrit Manthan\", \"Jamuna Paar\", \" Sasural Simar Ka\", \"Haar Jeet\", \"Baba Aiso Var Deejo\", \" Afsar Bitiya\" and \"Saath Nibhana Sathiya\" are pulling all stops to celebrate this sibling rivalry. So, how potent is the new ruling mantra on telly? Is it too far-fetched or does it reflect reality of life? LT get onto the hatred trail...SLICE OF LIFE As you watch the newage telly sisters plotting against each other and trying their level best to show the other in worst possible light, you wonder if it is really possible for two siblings to hate each other so much. Producer Rajan Shahi of \"Bidaai\" and \"Kuch Toh Log Kahenge\" fame, whose show \"Jamuna Paar\" has a strong track of sisters' rivalry, says, \"I have seen quite a few sisters hating each other in real life. In fact, we have so many business and Bollywood families having siblings' war stories, where they go to the extremes. Even though we hate to admit it, the fact is that our close relations are very fragile. More the love, greater the expectations, which can't always be met all lead to problems especially when one sibling starts exploiting the other. In my serial \"Jamuna Paar\", the older sister sacrifices her talent for the younger one, who is not gifted. Whether they fight for power, status, money or the attention of a man, intriguing wars go on everywhere between sisters!\"PRACTICAL APPROACH Adaa Khan, nee Princess Amrit Kaur Sodhi of \"Amrit Manthan\" feels that these tracks reflect the practical approach of the youngsters today. \"My character in the serial is a practical girl, who wants to enjoy the riches and status just like so many other girls of my age. In real life too, I know of quite a few sisters, who have gone to all extremes to get the upper hand. Especially when there's more love, hatred is bound to breed. But, life goes on!\" TRP TRAPPINGS One thing that could have been responsible for sudden rush of these hate-sis tracks is that they spell good news for TRPs. After all, \"Bidaai\" with its cult sis-hating track, recorded big-time TRPs. \"Uttaran\" also dwells on similar theme and has been doing consistently well commercially. Trilok Singh, the supervising producer of new soap \"Haar Jeet\", says: \"The love-triangle involving two sisters, with one scheming against the other, always works. So, we aim to score well on TRP meter.\"CHALLENGING TASK Those, who are portraying these negative emotions on telly, don't find it easy, though. \"The challenge lies in the portrayal being believable,\" says Neha Sargam, who's playing the conniving sister Ishika in \"HaarJeet\". She goes on to add: \"Earlier, I played the sacrificing sister Nivedita in \"Chaand Chupa Badal Mein\". So, the production guys of \"Haar Jeet\" had a lot of doubts whether I would be able to get Ishika's nastiness right, but I convinced them. It's tough alright to be a selfish sister, who uses her sibling to lay her hands on a guy and his moolah. But then, everyone has negative emotions deep within, so one has to focus on them to get the act right!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12129939", "title": "Abattoir staff thrash activist", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: An activist of People For Animals, Chetan Sharma (20), was assaulted by workers of an illegal slaughterhouse in Taloja.Sharma said, \"On Friday I had asked the senior inspector of Taloja police station, Avinash Patil, to help me raid an illegal slaughterhouse . I had received a tip-off that one Noor Ghulam Saab Patel was killing cattle there.\"Despite being accompanied by cops, he was beaten up. \"I feel let down by the local police, which is why the animals could not be rescued as well,\" added Sharma.The Navi Mumbai police commissioner has directed the crime branch to conduct an inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12128974", "title": "Holi revellers throng markets to buy 'election symbols'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The election fever has gripped the festival of colours too. Step into the markets and you will find sprinklers inspired from election symbols of political parties. There is BSP's elephant (BSP), Congress's hand and BJP's lotus. Apart from children, teenagers and adults too are showing interest in them.\"Elections season is at its peak. Even after results would be out, these sprinklers will continue to excite people,'' said Raina Singh, a college-goer. Among the three party symbols, the most popular is the elephant as it is readily available in different sizes and colours. These sprinklers are available between Rs 50 and Rs 300, depending on the size.Mohd Haleem, a stall owner at IT Crossing, said: \"Elephant pickhari is in high demand. People are not even bargaining much when it comes to the latest party symbol pichkaris. In fact, they are attracting good number of buyers.''Aprt from these, a skin color wig resembling Sri Lankan cricketer Malinga's hair-do is catching attention. Eight-year-old Sushant forced his father to buy one. After pestering, he wore the wig and posed for the lensmen. \"Main to ek dum Malinga jaisa lag raha hoon (I am looking exactly like Malinga),'' said the little boy. Cost-wise, the wigs are available between Rs 75 and Rs100.There are also spiderman sprinklers and those inspired from other cartoon characters. For revellers fond of a wet Holi, there are water cannons and guns. Though slighlty heavy, once filled with colour they can be used for more than an hour. Water tanks with 10 litres capacity along with a pipe too are available. But the bigger ones are not attracting buyers.Traditional pichkaris like single pipes, superman water guns, sword too are doing brisk sales. Reason: they are easy to handle and cheaper than water guns. Ram Kumar, a shopkeeper, said: \"The sales are good and will gain momentum in the coming days.'' He said despite 20% hike in rates of pichkaris and colours, people are coming in good numbers to buy them.One can also choose from a wide range of colours. Apart from regular and herbal colours, the latest addition is party popper - that goes up in air and spreads variety of gulal. Then there is snow colour - which when lighted by a matchstick depicts umpteen colours. \"The snow rang is a firework. It is easy to handle and gives an elegant look. This is best for gift purposes,\" said Haleem. The two colours cost Rs 250 per piece. The common colours are available at Rs 30 per 100 grams.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12129524", "title": "Osama film crew touches Muslims' raw nerve", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a day of protests and patch-ups on Friday, on Saturday more trouble stared at an already beleaguered award-winning Hollywood film director Kathryn Bigelow with some Muslim leaders here expressing discontent over her film \"Zero Dark Thirty\" or \"ZD 30\", which is being shot in Chandigarh and the neighbouring towns these days.After Shiv Sena , Vishwa Hindu Parishad and local traders, it was the turn of members of Jamiat-e-Ulema, an umbrella body, which has its members in Chandigarh, Punjab, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh , to conduct an emergency meeting at their head office (madrasa) in Manimajra. They complained that shooting of this film would generate hatred among Muslims.\"Film's production unit is making a mockery of Islam and our holy book Quran. Muslim community is concerned about it. Shooting of a movie based on such sensitive issues should not be allowed in a secular place like Chandigarh,\" said Mohammed Khalid Nadeem Mujaddidi, office secretary of Jamiat-e-Ulema.\"They are portraying Muslims on wrong lines. They have made some local people wear our traditional clothes and sport an artificial beard, which has hurt our religious sentiments. Besides, many sacred lines from Quran are written on the rear of a truck (that has been used in the shooting), which is insulting,\" said Mujaddidi.To mark their protest, Jamiat-e-Ulema faxed a memorandum, demanding a ban on the shooting, to Chandigarh deputy commissioner on Saturday.ZD 30, which is expected to release at the end of this year, is about the hunting down of Osama bin Laden by US marines in Abbottabad, Pakistan. They have created a set-up on the lines of Abbottabad in different parts of Chandigarh, including Manimajra, Sector 15 and Grain Market in Sector 26, to shoot various scenes of this movie.On Friday, the film crew had faced protest from Manimajra Beopar Mandal and Chandigarh units of Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Shiv Sena.Even Saturday wasn't an easy day for the crew-members as they faced many difficulties shooting in the busy grain market. People complained about blocked roads while a few commuters even indulged in a verbal spat with the crew over the issue of car parking.\"The market was chaotic as they have cordoned off the entire area. There was no space to park the vehicles and it took me over an hour to move 500 metres in my car. When I protested, one of the crew members threatened me of dire consequences,\" Anil Aggarwal, a city-based lawyer, told TOI.Mahesh Gupta, a local trader, said, \"Shooting of a movie is a commercial activity and the government is robbing us of our business to facilitate them. People are unable to reach my shop.\"Kathryn Bigelow, the 2010 Academy award winning director (for \"The Hurt Locker\") is shooting ZD 30 in Chandigarh and in its surrounding areas for the last few days. So far, it has been shot at Manimajra, sectors 15 and 26. The shooting, however, attracted many enthusiastic spectators.\"I read in a newspaper that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt are coming for the shooting. So, I went to Manimajra yesterday and came to Sector 26 at 9am today. Though I haven't spotted the stars yet, watching this shooting is real fun,\" said Rashmi Arora, an arts student from a city college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128224", "title": "Kelkar panel urged to stop power units inVidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: Environmentalists of Vidarbha have urged the members of state government-appointed Kelkar committee to recommend to the government to stop sanctioning more power stations in the region.Two members of the committee - Shripad Dharmadhikari and Ashok Sreenivas (both belonging to Pune-based NGO Prayas) - were in the city on Saturday to study the impact of power plants in Vidarbha.Members of Vidarbha Environmental Action Group (VEAG), Greenpeace and some retired senior MSEB officials interacted with the members at India Peace Centre. RB Goenka of Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) also explained the reasons behind closure of large number of steel and ferroalloy industries in Vidarbha.Sudhir Paliwal demonstrated with statistics how large number of power plants would wreak havoc in the region. \"They will consume large tracts of fertile land, use water meant for our farmers and pollute our air and water. The irony is that Vidarbha neither has good grade coal and is already power surplus. A large number of power plants are already being constructed. We don't need any more,\" he said.Ex-MSEB officials Anil Palamwar and Prakash Kulkarni said that the region already had too many power stations, adding that the new Koradi plant would cause havoc in Nagpur. Paliwal pointed out that the power stations were using outdated pollution control methods and even cited lack of funds to install advanced ones.PS Ahuja informed the committee about the massive damage to farmers caused due to large number of EHV transmission lines being laid in the region. He pointed out that the power companies were acquiring land as per the Telegraph Act, 1883 even though it had been annulled by Electricity Act 2003.The activists suggested that the state government should aim to set up small power plants of not more than 100 MW capacity in every district instead of going in for mega power plants. \"This way the pollution impact will be distributed. We should also go in for solar and biomass power,\" Goenka said.The power expert said that large number of steel and ferroalloy units had shifted from Vidarbha to Chhattisgarh as the power tariff in the latter state was almost half. \"Maharashtra government should either allow differential tariff for Vidarbha's industries or stop creating hurdles in way of open access.\"\"MSEDCL and MERC do not want industries to buy power from open market. MSEDCL and state government is creating all sorts of hurdles and MERC is unfortunately not taking stringent steps to check the distributor,\" Goenka pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12137259", "title": "Police launch combing operation for abducted forest officials in Karbi Anglong", "text": "GUWAHATI: Police, along with the Army, has launched a combing operation in the Sinhasan hills of Karbi Anglong for the two forest officials who were kidnapped by suspected Karbi People's Liberation Tigers (KPLT) militants on Saturday.On Saturday, Karbi Anglong Hill circle conservator of forest Abhijit Rabha and range officer Ranjan Baruah were abducted, allegedly by KPLT militants, at around 1.30 pm from the Betlog area of the Sinhasan hills, a hotbed of ultras in the district. They were returning along with 28 others from a six-day survey of the forest in the hills. \"Four men, who had a fire going on the road, forced us to stop our vehicles and took away the two officers. We believe there were other rebels hiding in the woods as we heard blank firing from a nearby area,\" said a forest officer who was part of the group.The militants took away Rabha and Baruah, but left behind another forest officer, Dilip Patgiri, along with the rest of the group. The eyewitnesses said the militants didn't make any ransom or other demands. \"They just asked us to get away fast from the spot or to face death. We ran for our lives.\"The Karbi Anglong district SP, B B Chetry, too denied knowledge of any ransom calls for the duo's release. \"We have not received any message for any ransom against their release. We are trying to rescue them safely,\" said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12130264", "title": "Last-minute rush on site leaves aspirants jittery", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As the last date, March 5, is nearing to fill online form for civil services prelims 2012, being conducted by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC), city IAS aspirants who waited till the 11th hour to fill up the forms are a harried lot! This despite a note on the UPSC website cautioning IAS aspirants to avoid last minute rush.Slow server and overloaded website to a complex fee submission process for male candidates and non-availability of private banks option for payment, are just a few hurdles that prospective candidates are facing. Coaching experts in the city point out that since the fully online submission form has been introduced for the first time, certain hurdles were expected. \"The part II needs uploading the picture and certain details which is comparatively tougher.The part I of the form is simple though,\" said Shreya, a masters student at a local college.\"Those who have filled up the form this time claim that the form requires too many details and the server is too slow since the last date is nearing,\" said Sanjeev Kanotra, director of a city-based coaching institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12128193", "title": "I only own a flat, a car &amp; a small piece of land: Kripashankar", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after Mumbai police sleuths raided and attached properties belonging to former Mumbai Congress chief Kripashankar Singh and his family, the controversial politician returned to the city saying he was not absconding. \"I was not absconding. I was camping in New Delhi to consult my lawyers and file a special leave petition before the Supreme Court. I'm not guilty and have done no wrong,\" Singh told TOI.Singh said in view of the stringent observations of the Bombay high court against him and his family in the multi-crore disproportionate assets case, he was preparing for a long legal battle. \"I will fully cooperate with the investigating agencies, I am a law-abiding citizen. I will make all efforts to establish before the apex court that the charges against me are exaggerated. In fact, I don't own those properties mentioned in the media. I don't have disproportionate assets. I own only one flat, a car and small piece of land in Uttar Pradesh,\" Singh said.On the live cartridges found by the police, Singh said the quantity was within permissible limits. \"I and my family own weapons, which have been given for repairs. I will submit the relevant records to the police,\" he said.Singh is of the view that it's wrong to club his income with those of his son and daughter-in-law as they were majors and have independent identities. A close aide of the tainted Congress leader said, \"After the PIL was filed, Singh's accounts over seven years were verified by different authorities and nothing objectionable was found. Even the properties at Bandra-Kurla Complex are not in his name.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12133615", "title": "I'm totally mesmerised with Kashmir: Kailash Kher", "text": "Although Kailash Kher could not take his wife Sheetal for a honeymoon due to work pressures and time constraints, the couple like to take time out for going on holidays. It's difficult as Kailash has a lot of work related assignments and taking breaks for holidays is not an easy task.Ask Kailash which his favourite holiday destination is, and the singer replies without pausing, \"It would definitely be Kashmir. I am totally mesmerised with that place. The beauty is breathtaking,\" he says. And it's not just for the beautiful landscape that Kailash is in love with the place, but for an emotional connect as well. \"Sheetal took me to that place first as she has her relatives in Kashmir. We were greeted with warm welcome, as their 'Damaadji' (Son in law) had come to their house! It was totally unbelievable and nice when they showered Sheetal and me with tons of almonds and walnuts. It's their tradition which simply touched my heart. It was the most beautiful time of my life,\" recalls Kailash. He also recently shot a music video for his album Rangeele, in the valley. No wonder then that Kashmir has a special place in the singer's heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12123264", "title": "Kangana Ranaut: The lucky one!", "text": "Lady Luck sure seems to be beaming at Kangana Ranaut. The actress plays the female lead in Sanjay Gupta's upcoming Shootout At Wadala opposite John Abraham .It's a lesser known fact that the two were the original choices for Imtiaz Ali's Rockstar . Kangs and Ali are good friends and it's just a matter of time before the director decides to do a film with her.PSST: Kangana was the original choice for Krrish 3 before the role was offered to other female actors finally landing back in her kitty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12129061", "title": "Junior doctors at SSGH go on strike", "text": "VADODARA: Resident doctors of SSG Hospital (SSGH) here went on a strike to support their Ahmedabad counterparts at Civil Hospital. The strike call was given after a resident doctor was attacked by relatives of a patient who had died at Civil Hospital in the early hours on Saturday.Residents at SSGH joined the strike on Saturday morning after those at Ahmedabad sought their support. The Junior Doctors Association (JDA) here has, however, ensured that emergency services are not disrupted at SSGH.JDA president at SSGH Dr Divyesh Patel said the junior doctors had demanded strict action against those responsible for the incident and steps to ensure that such things do not happen in the future. \"In some states like Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh such incidents are dealt with strictly. Similar mechanisms need to be put in place in the state,\" he said.Patel added that minor incidents of similar nature had taken place in the recent past at SSGH too. \"But we ignored them as they were not very serious in nature and did not take any extreme steps,\" Patel said.He said work at the out patient departments (OPD) was affected due to the stir even as the emergency services as well as operation theatres functioned normally. Senior doctors had kept the OPDs going. Since OPDs remained closed on Sunday, little impact of the strike will be visible. Further decision regarding the stir will be taken at a later stage depending on the stance of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12130233", "title": "Those who condemn my remark are hypocrites: NCW chief", "text": "It's okay for a woman to be called sexy; it means \"beautiful and charming\" . That statement, made last week by Mamta Sharma, who took over as chairperson of the National Commission for Women seven months ago, didn't go down well with women's rights activists. But she's unfazed and tells Himanshi Dhawan that if they are so concerned about Indian culture, they should protest the portrayal of women in films and advertising.You recently stirred a hornet's nest with your comments on the term \"sexy\" in Jaipur.I said it in a positive way and it was not taken properly. I have clarified the issue and moved on.Did the women and child development ministry seek an explanation on the furore?No. No explanation was sought.Do you think activists and women's rights groups are being narrowminded on the issue?People are going by words. The meanings of words change with time. We don't want to make young girls today a prisoner of the past but passengers of the future. If people are so concerned about Indian culture, then they should raise issues like the portrayal of women in films, advertising...e- verywhere around us rather than make anoise about a few words.Do you think the activists are being hypocritical?Exactly. There is so much going wrong in the way women are treated and yet this is not an issue.Your critics have also suggested that the Commission should be shut down.We receive 3,000 cases every month, not just from India but Indians across the world. If people did not get any redressal , why would they come to us? The Commission has proved through its work that it is there to support women in distress. We had a pendency of 20,000 cases when I came, which we have brought down to only a few cases.Do you feel the enforcement agencies have failed in ensuring the safety of women? We hear of violent rapes against women; they seem unsafe on the street, even in hospitals.I think it is easy to blame rape cases on women and the way they dress. But what can you say when a two-yearold or an eight-yearold or a 75-year-old are victims. The law must be enforced properly by the police and the administration, but it's not being done. Courts should also take such cases urgently because delays mean hostile witnesses and cases being thrown out of court. People have become like beasts; they are not human anymore. This is the unfortunate part about India and we as administrators, politicians, media and police must come together to tackle it.A court has ruled that Nisha Sharma had filed false dowry case against her prospective husband and in-laws . Do you think such cases weaken the fight for strong dowry laws? Do you think the dowry law should be made lenient?No, this is just one case among many genuine cases. I admit that there are false complaints of dowry but I think that a good investigation by the police is important. The timing of FIRs is also important. If the case has been registered as an afterthought after a few days, the police have every reason to be suspicious. But I think the law should not be diluted and arrests should continue to be non-bailable .Your project Mahila Adhikar Abhiyan was launched last year. How far has it progressed?The Mahila Adhikar Abhiyan was an effort to create awareness among rural women about their rights and it was launched as a pilot programme in Rajasthan. We are talking to women in the panchayats, in their local dialect and it has had a powerful impact. We plan to hold similar awareness campaigns in Punjab, Uttarakhand and Kerala.You had planned a toll-free helpline for women in distress. How far has the project gone?The project is going very well. We plan to launch the helpline in Gujarat next month and Haryana later. This will allow women in trouble, in distress or in need of legal advice to call one number across the state and get redressal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12130399", "title": "Jats suspend OBC quota stir, mum on deal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The 14-day-long agitation of Jats in Haryana, seeking OBC status and reservation in government jobs, was suspended on Saturday. The Sarvkhap Mahapanchayat made this announcement after talks with Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda . The stir had affected train and bus services and hit normal life of thousands of commuters.The 26-member committee of Sarvkhap Panchayat, talking to mediapersons at the residence of Haryana CM here, however, refrained from commenting on the discussions they had with Hooda or the assurances given by him.\"As of now, we have reached a compromise with the government,'' Om Parkash Maan, a khap leader, said. \"So far as discussions and next course of action are concerned, we shall disclose these at Hisar on Sunday afternoon,\" he added.Hooda also declined to comment over what compromise has been worked out.The talks commenced after 11.30 am and around 4 pm, the withdrawal was announced. Unwilling to be identified, some members of the delegation said that the discussion revolved around the issue of OBC quota. The committee was insisting that the CM should make an announcement while the latter assured to make a recommendation only after the state commission on backward classes submitted its report.With a view to press their demands, Jats from across Haryana had been sitting on a dharna near rail tracks in Ramayan area at Mayyar village of Hisar district from February 19. Besides reservation under OBC quota, other demands of the agitating Jats included withdrawal of criminal cases registered against them during Mayyar agitation, criminal action against then Hisar SP Subhash Yadav, a memorial in the name of Sunil Sheoran, the youth who fell prey to police firing at Mayyar village and granting of martyr's status to him.With railways having withdrawn services on Mahendergarh-Hisar-Jind route, thousands of daily passengers of local and long distance trains were at the receiving end, sources said.INLD supremo and leader of opposition Om Parkash Chautala on Friday accused Hooda of having failed in tackling the situation. HJC supremo and Hisar MP Kuldeep Bishnoi had also blamed Hooda and his cabinet colleagues for misleading the agitating community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12129191", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be disrupted in the following areas on Monday from 9am to 5pm.Royapettah: West Cott Rd, Feroz St, Manickam St, Mir Bakshi St, Mohamed Hussain St, Nair Varada Pillai St, Perumal Rd &amp; St, Ramasamy Garden, Thaiyari St, Arumuga Vaithiyar St, Dr Niamathullah St, Devaraja Muthli St, Irusappa St, Gazatee Begum St, Hajee Sheik Hussain St, JJ Khan Rd, St &amp; lanes, Kammam Dharwaja St, MJB St, Pallappan St, Surappan St, Subramania Vaidyar St, Sheik Dawood St, Sherfudin Garden St, Theertharappan St, Thambu Naicken St, Thirunavukkarasu Thottam, Thangavel Vaithiyar St, Weavers St, Dr Besant Rd, Peters Rd, Aziz Malik St, Hussain Alikhan St, Nair Aiyya Pillai St, Sardar Jung Garden, Somu Muthali St, Arumuga Achari St, Agathi Muthan St, Angamuthu Naicken St, Chinnappa Rao St, General Samy Naickan St, Chinnappa Rao St, Gaffor St, HMA St, Goya Arunagiri St, Muniyappa St, Mallan Ponnappan St, Oil Mangan St, Ponnappa St, Ramasamy St, Subaraya St, Thanappa St, Chennai City Centre, Jaegathambal colony, Ismail Ground, Pooram Prakasham Road, Santha Sahib St, VM St &amp; lane, Musthara Begum St, Vinayagar Kovil St, Suthanthira Nagar, Balaji Nagar, Nallanna Muthali St, Iyamperumal St, Hanumantha Rao Rd, Ramarao Garden, P &amp; T Quarters, Muthaiya Garden St, TH Rd, Kasimalli St, SMV Kovil St, TP Kovil St, Kanthapuram St, Ganapathi St, Ayothikuppam, Kamaraj Salai, Sunguvar St, Anumantharayar Kovil St, South Mada St, North South East Tank Squre St, VR Pillai St, Sivarajapuram St, Karpaga Kanniamman St, Palani Amman St, Begum Shahib streets 1 to 5, Vathiyar Chinnapillai St, Thippu St, Periya Malaiyappan St, Mohamed Hussain Khan lane, Jawahar Hussain Khan streets 1 to 6, Dr Natesan Rd, Thondaikan Makkan streets 1 to 3, Venkatesapuram streets 1 to 4, Suresh Makkan, Puthu St, Kuthath Ali Makkan, Nadu Kuppam, Neelam Bhasha Dharka, Canal St, VR Pillai St, Anumanthapuram, Gajapathi La La St, Nammalvar St, Irusappa Gramani St, Kanthappa Muthli St, Murugappa Muthli St, Naam Nagar streets 1 to 8, Yanai Kulam streets 1 to 6, Lloyds Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "12128406", "title": "16-year-old student hangs self", "text": "NADIA: A Madhyamik student, who thought that she had not fared well in her physical science examination, put on her school dress and hanged herself at her Fuliapara residence under Taherpur police stationon Friday evening, police said. The body was sent for autopsy.Prativa Majumder, 16, was a student of Shibkalitala Girls High School and her center was at Shibkalitala Boys school. She appeared for the physical science examination on Friday. After returning home, she told her younger brother that she did not do well in the paper, locals said.Later, her brother Prashanta went out to play with his friends. When he came back, he found Prativa hanging in her room. None of her parents were at home when the incident took place. Her father Parimal Majumderis a vendor, while her mother is a hawker. Police was informed and they rushed and retrieved the dead body.Prima facie, Prativa killed herself because she could not do well in the physical science paper. Parimal said, \"I had great hope on her but I am unable to understand why she committed suicide.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12129192", "title": "Netaji will be CM: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party heir apparent Akhilesh Yadav plumped for his father as chief minister of Uttar Pradesh, making light of the possibility of his leading the state government in the event of favourable results.The young Yadav, who led the SP charge in state polls, said, \"Everybody in SP wants 'netaji' ( Mulayam Singh Yadav ) to be the next chief minister. I have done my job by campaigning, that's all. The speculation is unnecessary.\"Akhilesh's comment came as exit polls predicted a comfortable return to power for his party, but also a day after his uncle Ramgopal Yadav said he could be the next CM since he had done an excellent job.It seems a 'happy dilemma' for the Samajwadi family, given the all-round optimism about SP's return to power after being swept out by the Mayawati wave in 2007. All exit polls and ground reports have predicted a big lead for Mulayam and some have even taken it closer to the majority mark.While the results would only be out on March 6, talk is rife about the Yadav household effecting a succession after four decades of Mulayam's helmsmanship. Akhilesh, however, said all this had to be kept aside for a couple of days. \"Let's wait for March 6,\" he said.The choice of CM may not be easy given the unpredictable nature of state politics. The scenario could be different depending on the kind of figures SP musters in the final outcome. In case, it doesn't give a comfortable lead to SP, the need for allies would require a deft hand at negotiating the choppy waters of coalition government and may force Mulayam to take charge himself. However, a comfortable tally would make the succession easier. Observers said the latter is the likely situation for a passing of baton to Akhilesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12130011", "title": "Now, ready-to-use chits for copycats!", "text": "SURAT: There was a time when lazy students laboured over 'kaaplis' or small chits of paper, which could be hidden in the folds of the clothing and used to clear tough exams. But this one is a dream for all copycats ahead of the board exams starting from Monday - readymade kaaplis!Subject-wise set of chits sell at anything between Rs 100 and Rs 500.With sale of micro photocopied chits zooming in parts of south Gujarat in the run-up to board exams, authorities have clamped down on stationery shops selling such material. On Saturday, Navsari district administration raided 50 shops at different centres and seized a carload of photocopies of chits from about a dozen outlets.\"We raided 10 stationery shops in Chikhli town alone and seized micro photocopies of chits with important answers for board exams,\" said Navsari collector Sandhya Bhullar.As the raids got intense, stationery shop owners started destroying ready-to-use chits. A large set of kaaplis were burnt in Talabchora village of Chikli taluka minutes before a raid was conducted by district administration and police.Officials say legal action will be initiated against stationery shopowners selling such material. Normally, a one-page photocopy costs Re 1. But micro photocopy of one chit is sold at a premium. The chits normally contain five to seven answers on both sides of the page.Sources in the education fraternity say the stationery shopowners are part of an elaborate network catering to 'copycats'. Prior to the exam, a list of important questions from each subject is obtained from tuition teachers by shopowners, who take micro photocopies of the question-answer set. Some shopowners also teach students ways of folding and hiding these kaaplis. Some even take orders in advance to prepare specific chits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12131983", "title": "Salman to shoot in Kanpur &amp; Lucknow for Dabangg 2", "text": "For the first time in his career Salman would be shooting in the twin Uttar Pradesh towns of Lucknow and Kanpur where his fan-following is incredibly large.So far it's been impossible for the superstar to visit these towns, let alone shoot in them. But now it was felt that the sequel of Dabangg must move to a more authentic milieu than Wai which was camouflaged as a small town in Uttar Pradesh in Dabangg .In Dabangg 2 the characters move to Lucknow and Kanpur.And Salman insisted they shoot on real location this time.A huge security bandobast is now being prepared to tackle any eventuality.Says a source close to the project, \"Salman's fans in the Northern belt are not your usual fans. They are aggressive and violent. Besides the security being arranged by the authorities a small army of security forces is being put together to ensure no untoward incident happens when Salman shoots in these volatile locations.\"Says Arbaaz, \"Yes, we're starting shooting on 9 March in Mumbai only. Then we will be shooting in Kanpur and Lucknow. The situation is being looked into.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12130284", "title": "MBBS student kills cop uncle over money", "text": "AMRITSAR: Two weeks after four school students opened fire on their classmates, another similar incident has been reported in the city wherein an MBBS student stabbed his uncle, a police officer, over a minor issue.Amritsar police commissioner R P Mittal said, \"Jeevanjot Singh, 23, a second-year MBBS student at Government Medical College, Amritsar, met his uncle - assistant sub-inspector Baldev Singh - late on Friday night. He killed him with some sharp-edged weapon. He attempted suicide and a police team found him injured at the Civil Lines. They took him to the hospital where he confessed to his crime.\"Baldev Singh was posted at Chabhal police station and stayed at Ranjit Avenue while his family lives in Lopoke. He is survived his wife and two kids. The police commissioner said Jeevanjot was a drug addict and was in a bad company.Sources said he often borrowed money from his friends and relatives and went to his uncle's place for the same purpose. He was denied the money and this provoked Jeevanjot to kill his uncle.Mittal said Baldev Singh was to take Jeevanjot Singh to his relative's place at Nawashahr on Saturday and had booked a taxi. The incident came to light when Baldev did not attend the phone call of the driver, who then called his son, and the two found Baldev dead.Civil Lines police station SHO Sukhwinder Singh said a case has been registered under sections 302 and 23 of IPC. Government Medical College principal S S Shergill said Jeevanjot was an average student. \"He was brought to us with injuries on his arm. I was shocked to hear about the charges against him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12123935", "title": "All about online MBA", "text": "The criteria and admission process for an MBA program of various B-schools is different. Generally, admission procedures differ somewhat and not all programs require the same criteria . Moreover, these days most application forms can be submitted online too.Normally, an MBA is offered in the following four modes: full-time, part-time, distance learning and executive. However, there are certain common factors that B-schools are looking for in a candidate. \"Ideally, it is always best to get your specific information from the websites of B-school itself.Usually their website will give you ample information,\" says Sushil K Singh, who recently passed a B-school to join as a trainee manager in a mall, adding there are certain business prerequisites that can be part of the admission requirements.He observes that there are a few MBA programs which require an individual to have a certain \"body of knowledge\" in business subjects at the initial stage. If prerequisites exist, the B-school should specify the way (or ways) to satisfy prerequisites.As an MBA is a master's level degree, an aspirant is required to have a bachelor's degree and needs to send official transcript copies from each college attended.Besides, a few MBA programs recommend or even require an applicant to have a certain number of years of full-time work experience . \"The rule of thumb is two years for fulltime programs and much more for executive programs. You should submit a work-related resume to verify work experience requirements if applicable,\" Singh says, adding that an admissions test may be required to be admitted to a particular program.Seconds Amit Khandhuri who completed his MBA in marketing from ITM Kharghar in 2009, \"I had the industrial experience of more than three years. And it helps a great deal if you have a few years of work experience when you opt for an MBA, as you already have hands-on experience, and this will help you understand the course that you are doing.\"Another attachment that would be required to add is a letter of recommendation from academic college or an organisation. Therefore, two or three letters of recommendation will be required. These recommendation letters could be from previous professors , employers, and other associates. The mode of payment option generally offers three choices: Online, Demand Draft and Installment.Professor M Guruprasad, who is a visiting faculty for many management institutions, has a word of advice for MBA aspirants. \"It is important to understand that the student should not fall under the conventional trap of cracking an entrance examination, though it is the first of the milestones. The real test for the candidate is how she/he develops oneself to be a successful student at B-School and acclaimed manager in the industry . These are the qualities any good institute looks for. Hence, apart from learning the analytical , numerical and verbal skills, one needs to work on overall personality by being aware of emotional and spiritual quotient and working on it.\"Significantly, many B-Schools have started online MBA programs for working professionals, termed the EMBA program that contributes to the career development of corporate executives and professionals, preparing them for a mid-management or top management corporate career, or as a business owner. \"India has seen unprecedented economic growth over the past few years. To sustain it and emerge competitive globally, India is in dire need of quality managers with values,\" says Dr NS Malavalli, Principal of a prominent B-school.\"India needs business leaders who are creative, entrepreneurial and the ones who can drive it into new paradigms without succumbing to the euphoria. Indian Professionalism has never been put to as critical a test as in today's changing world. In this context, we perceive our program as not just a certificate program, it is an experience that should teach the student-executives the importance of time-management, workethics, commitments, leadership, team building and decision-making.\"The online MBA program is a unique platform allowing students to experience close to a physical school environment. Study material , access to faculty, circle of 'friends' to share experiences and access to live Twitter, a tool to aggregate RSS feeds from the Internet of interest are some of the benefits that are extended as part of the virtual MBA program.Tools like Blog, Wiki, Discussion Forums and Communities are extended to students to interact with each other on a variety of topics and in the process create a permanent knowledge repository useful for students who would be using the system in future . In fact, online degrees provide cost-effective access to education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129777", "title": "'We\u2019d made irreversible progress\u2019", "text": "Does Pakistan's apparent change in its Kashmir policy vindicate your position that substantial progress was indeed made during the Musharraf regime? I am not in the government right now and do not know what is going on behind the scenes, but I know a lot of Indians, and being a Pakistani I understand the minds of the people in Pakistan, and I can tell you that a majority of people in both countries are convinced that this conflict is not in the interest of the region. They want resolution of issues, including Kashmir.Is this realization part of the change on the ground in Kashmir? Well, I don't know, but during our time we had found a method on Kashmir that could have led to a solution. Broad outlines on the issue that included three or four elements where arrived at. We had made progress all around, so much so that both governments were saying that the peace process would be irreversible. They would have been out of their minds had they said it without any substantial progress in the engagement that we were having. During our time, there was a great degree of understanding. There are various facets to it. Whatever irritants we had on either side were reduced and we were working for durable peace based on a just solution.What were the reasons for your apparent success and what can the present dispensation learn from your experience? We made a lot of progress (as the two countries) had decided that we would discuss all the issues, including Kashmir. We were discussing everything from trade to the other eight points on the composite dialogue list. There was also a backchannel on Kashmir for three years. A lot of detailed work was done. Had it not been for elections in six Indian states, including Uttar Pradesh in 2007, and later the judicial crisis in Pakistan, we would have invited Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to Pakistan for something substantial. He could not come and we asked for dates in March the following year as well. But the visit could not materialize due to the crisis in Pakistan. We knew each other's bottomlines.Kashmir can be resolved if there is a focused approach and the two governments resume the process where we had left. But we should keep in mind that by the nature of things, we cannot have a solution acceptable to 100% Pakistanis, Indians and Kashmiris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12129837", "title": "With 81% Goans voting, it's an all-time high since liberation", "text": "PANAJI: Goa witnessed its highest voter turnout since liberation registering 81% polling that was largely peaceful. The record turnout betters the 2007 figures of 70.51% voting. Voters on Saturday sealed the fate of 215 candidates for the 40-member Goa House. Opposition leaders attributed the high turnout to anti-incumbency. Polling began briskly in the morning and the pace continued throughout the day. Elderly citizens and the young were enthusiastic exercising their franchise.As per provisional figures, Sanquelim seat recorded the highest of 88.51% and Velim the lowest of 73.49%, joint CEO N Navti said. He added that the conduct of the elections was smooth. All contesting parties claimed victory for themselves in view of the high voter turnout. The poll monitoring system introduced for the first time in an Assembly election eliminated bogus voting, election officials claimed.The poll monitoring system was first experimented with in a byelection for the Valpoi constituency in 2010. The Panaji Municipal elections also successfully used it in 2011.Churchill Alemao argues with copsSupporters of PWD minister Churchill Alemao and independent candidate Avertano Furtado clashed at Davorlim in Navelim seat on Saturday. This happened after Furtado complained that Alemao's son and daughter were allegedly distributing cash from a Davorlim house. Police made the two leave.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12130158", "title": "Cops rapped for \u2018harassing\u2019 complainant", "text": "MUMBAI: Assaulted, arrested and being treated like a criminal-this is how a 30-year-old woman was \"rewarded \" for complaining about illegal activities in her locality.\"The facts disclosed by the petition should shock the conscience of any citizen. For a more sensitive citizen, it may even lead to loss of faith in the police machinery,\" the Bombay High Court said on Friday. A case against a law student elicited such wrath from the HC against the police.Two years after she lodged a complaint against two persons with the anti-narcotics cell (ANC), Kalpana Shukla from Malad was assaulted, booked for a criminal case and arrested following which the police also initiated chapter proceedings against her, a move usually taken against criminals. The HC came to her rescue when Justice R P Sondurbaldota ordered the state CID to conduct a probe. The court also directed police commissioner Arup Patnaik to take action against three officers of the Dindoshi police station-sub-inspectors M H Chaudhari, Anant Abhang and Rameshwar Supale. \"The police commissioner shall cause an inquiry to be made into the way in which the probe was conducted by the three officers and any other person and take action against them,\" the court said. The court was also shocked that a woman witness was threatened, her police complaints were ignored and she was forced to leave the city. \"The complete inefficiency and neglect on the part of the officers concerned can be seen,\" said the judge.For Shukla, who also runs a fashion designing business in Malad, trouble started on May 11, 2009, when she complained to the ANC about a resident , Noorjahan Gani, who allegedly sold drugs. The next day, following a raid, Noorjahan and her daughter, Nasreen, allegedly threatened her. A few days later, Shukla was reportedly attacked with rods by Noorjahan, Nasreen and four men, who also tried to strip her. She regained consciousness only the next day at Bhagwati Hospital, where she was taken by a constable from the Dindoshi police station. Soon after, Shukla realized that police had recorded a false statement of hers and registered an FIR against her, \"for throwing a stone at a resident, Reshma Shaikh, in a fight over water\". She was arrested and released on bail. But Shukla's trouble continued with police initiating chapter proceedings against her.\"It is a singular case of being hounded not just by persons with criminal antecedents engaged in illegal activities , but also by the police who are the protectors and enforcers of law,\" said advocate Mallika Ingale, Shukla's counsel. \"Shoddy probes were deliberate to protect the accused.\"Times ViewKalpana Shukla's experience, to a large extent, shows why people are generally wary of the police machinery. Whether it is reporting a crime or being a good Samaritan to help a victim, the common man avoids getting involved with the long arm of the law. It is easy to generalize, but the citizens' perception of the police is that of an organization that is high-handed in its conduct and not a force whose self proclaimed motto is \"to protect the good and punish the evil\". The police chief has to seize this opportunity to let the message go down to his force that its aim is to \"protect\" and enforce the law and not harass upright citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12127827", "title": "Patna University to tie up with varsities in Mauritius", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) will collaborate with the universities of Mauritius in teaching and research activities. An understanding to this effect was reached between PU officials, academics and tertiary education, science, research and technology minister R Jeetah of the Republic of Mauritius here on Saturday.PU pro-vice-chancellor J P Singh welcomed the guest and apprised him of the details of the academic programmes being pursued in the university. He said the university would provide all the facilities of teaching and research to the scholars of Mauritius in various faculties.PU science faculty dean Upendra Kishore Sinha said PU would like to collaborate with Mauritius universities in various fields like nano technology, environmental protection, biodiversity, geochemistry, microbial biodiversity, biochemistry, biotechnology, biodiversity of medicinal pants, fisheries and women's studies.The minister said there are four universities, including Mauritius University, University of Technology and Open university in Mauritius, and that all of them are eager to have an academic collaboration with PU. The universities of Mauritius have already tied up IITs, IIMs, the Indian Institute of Science and the Centre for Cellular and Microbiology, he said.It was agreed that a joint committee of experts of both the countries would be constituted to finalize the issue of academic linkage among scholars. If needed, PU faculty members may engage the classes of Mauritius universities through video conferencing. The heads of postgraduate departments, college principals and university officials attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12128863", "title": "Police register 10 poll-related cognizable cases", "text": "PANAJI: Police have registered 10 cognizable cases in connection with poll related offences on election day on Saturday.While 7 cases were registered by the North Goa police, three were registered by the South Goa police.Police registered cases against two candidates who were contesting the elections. Old Goa police registered an offence against BJP candidate from Mayem, Anant Shet, Kashinath Satardekar and Kishor Gaonkar as campaigning material and cash of 3,47,500, which was selectively sorted and packed in a number of envelops bearing names of individuals and organizations, was found in their possession in a car (GA-04-C-0469). The police FIR said that they attempted to bribe voters. Satardekar and Gaonkar were arrested and released on bail.Panaji police registered a case against Congress candidate from Panaji, Yatin Parekh, for allegedly outraging the modesty of a woman and trying to molest her on Saturday morning. In the complaint it also stated that the accused further snatched her magalsutra and identity card.In a counter complaint, Parekh told Panaji police that one woman, V Naik, and other BJP supporters were campaigning at the polling station at government primary school in Panaji. They were also wearing BJP membership badges which contained the name and symbol of the party.Porvorim police registered a complaint against two government servants- Anthony Borges and Premanand Mayekar, both residents of Porvorim, for obstructing and threatening people and sending them back without casting their votes in Part No. 17 and 18 of government primary school, Quitla. Police arrested accused Mayekar.Another government servant, Gokuldas Halarnkar, was also booked by the Porvorim police for using undue influence on voters at the polling station of Part No.38 of 9-Porvorim constituency while on election duty and in the process threatening and instigating voters to vote for the BJP candidate.The Bicholim police registered an offence against Prashant Chari for canvassing outside polling booth No.25 for 3-Bicholim constituency.Three separate complaints were registered for ferrying voters in vehicles to the polling booth. In Ponda, police registered a case against jeep driver Virendra Mahalkar from Usgao for carrying people for voting to the polling booth. The accused was arrested and released on bail. Verna police also registered a case against Deslev Vales from Sancoale for a similar offence. Vasco police registered an offence against Ritesh Kambli and Shridas Fotto for bringing voters at the polling booth. Both accused were arrested. The Vasco flying squad intercepted Uttar Pradesh native, Manoj Sadawarde, with cash, for luring people to vote in favour of NCP candidate.Acting on a complaint received from a BJP worker, the flying squad intercepted Yagyat Sharma. BJP worker Philip Almeida complained to the flying squad that Sharma was luring voters by distributing cash near Gurudwara, Mangor.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12129187", "title": "HC seeks documents of land caught in row", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has called for records pertaining to changing patta of land situated at Vandiyur to the former Madurai mayor Ramachandran without any notice to the original owner M Velyutham in 2011. Justice K K Sasidharan gave the order to the tahsildar, Madurai North Taluk on the petition filed by M Velayutham of Tallakulam seeking to quash the change made in the patta and direct the tahsildar to restore the patta to his name. Velayutham said that in 2006 he had mortgaged a property measuring 41 cents situated at Vanidiyur village to one Vijayaragavan for a sum of Rs 25,000.Later he had redeemed the said property and the said Vijayragavan executed a registered deed in 2007. He said that when he applied for computerised patta on 29 August 2011, he saw that the patta stood in the name of one Pandiammal, wife of Chelliah Ambalam and her sons Jegadeesan, Ramachandran and Sundarapandian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132222", "title": "B\u2019wood stars will do our videos: Jal Band", "text": "Goher Mumtaz wouldn't mind performing 'Kolaveri Di' if there's a request when Jal takes the stage in Ranchi on March 4. The band's frontman wants Indo-Pak relations to improve to the point where visas become redundant between the two countriesJal, the rock band from Pakistan, is planning to release its next album in March in India. The music video of the album will reportedly feature two Bollywood stars. What's more? The video will also be shot in India. Ahead of the band's concert in Ranchi,frontman Goher Mumtaz talks to RT about rock music, Bollywood and their future plans:Having performed across the world, how different is it to perform in India? I love to perform in India. The university crowd here likes to connect with us. They admire us perhaps because we are young and also dress up like them. The audience is so receptive that the moment we are on stage, it gives us a high to perform to perfection. The feelings are beyond expression.Any memory that's still afresh in your mind? There are lots of great memories. Once we were performing in Delhi in some girl's college and the crowd was so excited that we were not allowed to leave the venue even after the concert. We had to literally hide from the crowd to move out of the college in the darkness of the night and take a route through some park. It seemed as if we had committed a crime! It was insane.Tell us something about your upcoming album to be released in March... \"Pyaas\" is our third album. The album is nearly done with 12 songs. The compositions are so lyrical that we are sure people will love them. While some tracks are soulfully Sufi, others are ballet tracks. Few are mellow and some have catchy lyrics. There is also a track called \"Pyaas\" that is in the upbeat rock genre.Is there any collaboration with any artist from India or any other country for album? Not exactly, but we are looking forward to few Bollywood faces for two videos to be shot in India.Will the faces be someone like Katrina or Kareena? (Laughs) I wish, I can shoot one with Katrina but this time around,the production company is onsidering names of model-turned-actors from Bollywood. Both the songs will be like \"Aadat\" or \"Woh Lamhe\", which were huge hits in the Indian market.Are you involved in any film projects in Pakistan or in Bollywood? Yes, there are a couple of things in the pipeline. But let me tell you in the last eight years, I have seen people running for Bollywood saying \"Ki kuch Bollywood mein kar lenge\". But Jal has never had any song for Bollywood. \"Aadat\" and \"Woh lamhe\" were sung by Atif who was much junior to me in college and was once part of our band. We were given due credit for the songs in movies. The songs already were great hit in Pakistan before they finally made it in the Bollywood movies.My point is quality work finds opportunities for itself. You really don't have to run for it. For now, we are collaborating with Sonu Nigam for a pop album. He wants to do something different.Rock music in India is not that popular as it in European countries. People here are more into filmi music. Is the situation same in Pakistan? People also love Bollywood music in Pakistan. But unlike India, people in Pakistan are more fond of pop music. Maybe because we don't have a big industry like Bollywood here. The only source of inspiration for youngsters is pop music. There are so many rock bands in the country. Every single guy is into rock music. Even my journey started with jamming with friends in college. I never thought one day Jal would be among the best rock bands in South Asia . We got so popular on the Internet that we became a star overnight. Bollywood music is big in India and it is dominating the rock music scene. But for Pakistan, pop music is everything. Gradually things are changing. \" Kolaveri Di \" that became rage overnight is not a typical Bollywood composition. I liked the whole feel of song - the lyrics, music everything.Would you be performing \"Kolaveri Di\" in Ranchi? Why not if there is a demand? I think, we can definitely perform. I never thought about it but it will be a great idea to perform the rock version of \"Kolaveri Di\" in India. Let's do it in Ranchi.The conversation will be incomplete without a discussion on Indo-Pakistan relation. What would you suggest can be done to better the relationship? I believe, it can be improved with music, art or, may be, by cricket matches between the two countries. I think, we should work more on these issues. What is going on now is only at the political level. Nobody likes terrorists or terror activities. People in Pakistan too want to get away from such things. I wish the relation becomes so good that people even don't even need a visa to travel between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "12136488", "title": "Woman paraded naked near Lahore over marriage row", "text": "LAHORE: A group of over three dozen men stripped a woman and paraded her naked around a village in Pakistan's Punjab province after accusing her son of forcibly marrying a girl, police officials said on Sunday.According to an FIR lodged with police, over three dozen men of the Gopang tribe raided the home of Manzooran Mai in Khundai village of Muzaffargarh district, 350 km from Lahore , yesterday and took the woman and her daughter-in-law Azra away with them.They mob beat Mai's family members and ransacked her house.\"Later, they paraded Mai naked in the streets of the village,\" the FIR said.Mahmood Bux, the husband of Mai, told police that his son Nadir had contracted a second marriage with Azra, a member of the Gopang tribe.Bux belongs the to the Daha tribe, which does not have good relations with the Gopang, he said. He alleged that the Gopang men kidnapped Azra and paraded Manzooran Mai naked to take revenge.\"We have arrested over two dozen people involved in the incident and are conducting raids to arrest the others,\" said Muzaffargarh district police chief Rao Munir Zia.Reports said other women of Manzooran Mai's household too were stripped but this could not be independently confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "the lawyers named in the fir filed with ulsoorgate police are", "code": "12130069", "title": "Identified lawyers to be held", "text": "The lawyers named in the FIR filed with Ulsoorgate police are: Dongdi, Rajashekhar, M Ramanjaneya, Srinivas, Venkatarama Reddy, Prasad Kumar, Lakshman, Sandeep Katti, K Ramesh, Raghu, N Manjunath, Girish, Shivakumar and Shashidhar.The first FIR was based on a complaint filed by ACP (Devanahalli sub-division) PS Gachchinakatti, who was deputed for security duty at the court complex. \"All advocates identified will be arrested, and we'll speed up the legal process relating to the January 17 incident where advocates blocked KG Road,\" said Mirji.The FIR refers to IPC's Sec 143,147 and 149 (unlawful assembly with deadly weapons and rioting) besides 307 (attempt to murder), 353 (restraining a public servant from discharging his lawful duty), 506(B) (criminal intimidation), 435 and 437 (mischief and damage to property), 332 and 333 (causing hurt to a public servant on duty), besides Section 3(1) of the Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984. The ACP's complaint said that around 9.45am on Friday, more than 1,000 lawyers attacked mediapersons and police personnel. Lawyers damaged vehicles by throwing stones and set afire police and private vehicles.\"I came to know that 13 police personnel, including a DCP and three policemen, were injured. Besides, 10 cars and 50 two-wheelers were set on fire by the lawyers. Over 1,000 advocates attacked police,\" the complaint stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12130344", "title": "Dalai holds prayers for head of Jonang tradition", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, on Saturday morning presided over a special prayer ceremony for the ninth Khalkha Jetsun Dhampa, the spiritual head of the Jonang tradition of Tibetan Buddhism, who passed away in Mongolia on Friday morning.The prayer session was held at the main Tsuklakhang temple in McLeodganj and was attended by Tibetan devotees and officials of the Central Tibetan administration.The prayer session on Saturday morning also gave an opportunity to tourists, who were here, to have a glimpse of the Dalai Lama.\"My long cherished desire of seeing His Holiness, the Dalai Lama again has been fulfilled. I was of 10 years old when the spiritual leader had blessed me by touching my head at a programme but in the last 30 years, I've not forgotten that moment,\" said Rishi, an Anglo-Indian, who lives in Germany.According to sources, the Dalai Lama would be delivering sermons from the Jataka tales on March 8 at the main temple in McLeodganj. No teachings would be held abroad in spring this year, sources said.\"The Dalai Lama is also scheduled to give a talk on, ethics in education, in Delhi, on March 22. In all probability, he would remain in India till mid April to attend various programmes in Himachal and other places,\" said a source.Sources also confirmed that due to the Dalai Lama increasing age, the programmes had been cut short. His close aides stated that last year, the spiritual leader had attended a large number of programmes.Earlier, the spiritual leader had started special spiritual practices at his residence in McLeodganj.\"In April, the Dalai Lama is scheduled to go to Rewalsar (HP) for teachings. He will also start the Kagyae initiation on April 3 and 4 at the request of Khamtrul Rinpoche at his monastery in Sidhbari,\" said source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12133585", "title": "I've composed 500 jingles for Bangladesh: Debojyoti", "text": "Music is a great unifying force and it transcends borders created by political embargo. Over the years, composers from India have time and again recorded with Bangladeshi artistes to create a symphony of sorts.The feedback to such collaborative efforts has been very positive and more and more Indian composers are looking forward to greater cultural exchanges. Debojyoti Mishra I've composed 500 jingles for Bangladeshi commercials. What's also good is that a lot of composers from mainstream Bangladeshi films come down to Kolkata to record in our studios. Prominent among them is Allauddin Ali. I have also played the violin in many of his film compositions in the 80s and 90s. Indraadip Dasgupta Apart from composing for Anusheh's album, I have worked with her for Sekhar Das' Kaaler Rkhal\". Very recently, I also composed two songs written by the Bangladeshi director, Jewel Mehmood, for Mukul Roychowdhury's forthcoming film titled \"Taan\" where I worked with Chandana Mazumdar from Bangladesh . I take inspiration from the music of Allauddin Ali from Bangladesh. Rupam Islam I have sung quite a few jingles for Bangladeshi commercials. Recently, we went to Dhaka for a special Eid show. We were also part of a three-hour-long show for a television in Dhaka in 2011 where we were flooded with phone-in requests. Fossils is very popular in Bangladesh. Pritam I loved my experience of working with James in Anurag Basu's \"Life... In A Metro\" and \"Gangster\". His \"Bheegi bheegi\" and \"Alvida\" are a rage. Apart from James with whom I am recording again, I would love to work with other Bangladeshi singers including Habib, Anusheh, Balam, Topu Bass Baba (Suman), Mehreen and Arnob. Prabuddha Banerjee Though a number of Bangladeshi commercials are directed by makers in Kolkata, these days, Bangladeshi composers are also coming up with good jingles too. Prominent among them is Amitabh Reza. Then, there is Habib. He is a sound engineer-turned music director who shot to fame initially with a remix of Salil Chowdhury's \"O mor moena go\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12130047", "title": "Lawyers to stay away from courts tomorrow", "text": "As a sequel to Friday's incidents that happened near the City Civil Court, the advocates community has decided to stay away from courts on Monday all over the state as mark of protest against the alleged police excesses and also what they claim as 'one sided' presentation of facts. Future course of action, they said, will be decided on Monday.The Karnataka State Bar Council adopted a resolution and the same was adopted by the Advocates Association of Bangalore on Saturday. \"There has been concerted attempts from the media, political parties and also police to portray the advocates community as villains. Advocates and judges were beaten up. The media did not even once show this, they failed to show minimum restraint,\" L Srinivasa Babu, vice-chairman, Karnataka State Bar Council said. The Council stated that it welcomed judicial inquiry ordered by state government and resolved to take part in presenting the true facts before the commission.\"Some outsiders are involved. There has been a bias against the advocates. We decided not to pursue the cases involving mediapersons and also not to take any cases on their behalf,\" an advocate who participated in the meeting told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127649", "title": "DFS gets country's first layered voice analysis system", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Real-life crime detectives are going to experience a less cumbersome process of suspect identification as non-contact and non-intrusive voice analysis techniques are now being made available to them. Directorate of Forensic Sciences (DFS), Gandhinagar, has procured the country's first Layered Voice Analysis (LVA) system developed in Israel . According to DFS officials, the system will primarily be used to screen the suspects and get the flow of questioning in order. The system is currently used in 87 countries including the US, Canada, UK and Russia .Dr J M Vyas, director general of DFS, told TOI that the technique is widely used in western and European countries as first screening system. \"While the state and country are battling with issues such as staff crunch for police and absence of reliable and quick screening system for suspects such as terrorists, this system will be a boon,\" he said. He added that staff training for the system has started.Albert S De Vries, forensic psychologist with Nemesysco Systems, the technology developers, said that there is a difference between LVA and lie detection tests. \"While conventional lie-detection tests rely on measuring and recording physiological parameters such as heartbeat, blood pressure, breathing and skin conductivity, LVA functions on variations in a voice and does not need any wires or sensors. The voice samples can be taken both online and offline by the investigators, meaning the suspect can talk in presence of a microphone or his earlier recorded voice can be analyzed by the system,\" he said.Asaf Bar-Ilan, his associate, said that while investigators are influenced by the suspect, the machine isn't. \"In a case in the US where a pregnant woman was killed, police screened many habitual offenders without success. Finally, they screened her husband, so far out of the purview due to excellent background and not even a parking ticket on him, and to their surprise, found him guilty on the basis of voice sampling,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12129562", "title": "Best Five Star Hotel Award for Gateway", "text": "KOCHI: The Gateway Hotel on Marine Drive bagged the 'Best Five Star Hotel' award at National Tourism Awards function held in New Delhi on Wednesday. Suman Sharma, general manager of Gateway Hotel received the award from the Indian president Pratibha Patil.The Ministry of Tourism, Government of India presents National Tourism Awards to various segments of the travel and tourism industry every year.These awards are presented to hotels and private organizations in recognition of their performances in their respective fields and also to encourage healthy competition with an aim to promote tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127876", "title": "Dates drama for Paresh Rawal, again", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the last couple of months there has been more drama outside the city's premier auditorium in Law Garden than inside. On Saturday, the row between a group of local event organizers and Bollywood actor Paresh Rawal surfaced again. This time, it was over a controversy following bouncing of a cheque Rawal's friend had given for booking Thakorbhai Desai Hall for the actor upcoming play.\"I was given three dates in June to stage my play. On Thursday, I had asked a friend, Gujarat high court lawyer Parth Raval, to give a cheque of Rs 51,000 to the hall authorities. However, due to mistake from his office the cheque bounced following which he paid the cash on Saturday for which he got a receipt too,\" said Rawal.The veteran actor was in December last year forced to fly down to Ahmedabad from Mumbai to book dates at the hall. During the visit, as Rawal kept on arguing with authorities of the trust that runs the auditorium, a group of local event organizers protested leading to tension at the auditorium. Well-known local artists rushed to Rawal's rescue and police was called to prevent the situation from going out of hand.Rawal said only a handful of event organizers in Ahmedabad dominate the process of hall booking at Thakorbhai Desai which should be discontinued in the interest of theatre.\"The auditorium trustees have no issues and in fact before they came to know about the cheque, cash payment was made for the booking,\" said Rawal.However, a group of local events organizers trained guns against Rawal, alleging trustees of bending rules for the actor.\"There are cases wherein if the producer's cheque is bounced then he is being blacklisted from stating a play at Thakorbhai. If the same is not applied to Rawal, then many local producers will take back their booking amount and not host event at Thakorbhai for the next six months,\" said Chetan Gandhi, a city-based theatre producer.Several attempts to reach to the Thakorbhai Hall trustees failed. However, well known city-based theater personalities said that Rawal has been facing the wrath of a few local organizers for quite some time due to business rivalries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12129509", "title": "Happy hours over: Cops impounding drunk drivers\u2019 cars", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Happy days are gone for those who used to get sloshed at bars and then drive home. Unlike past four months, when cops would allow sloshed people behind wheels the facility of calling home or some friend and then getting their cars driven home, from Friday this system has been suspended. Cars of drunk drivers are being impounded, instead.Traffic sleuths impounded 50 vehicles, including 25 SUVs, leaving the tipsy drivers to fend for themselves on Friday. The force decided to do away with the facility as it was a time consuming exercise.DSP (traffic) Vijay Kumar said giving the challaned tipsy driver an opportunity to call up someone was not only time consuming, but even left traffic cops waiting at naka for the kin of violators. At times, check points witnessed long queues of vehicles due to this wait, DSP Kumar added. Out of 1,200 challaned for drunk driving in first two months of 2012, 305 had no one to drive their cars back so their vehicles were impounded.Traffic police sources said considering the space crunch in traffic police lines, Sector 29, impounded vehicles would be parked at police stations, under whose jurisdiction challan will be issued. The challaned driver will be able to collect his vehicle on the next day after completing formalities and disposing of his challan in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128456", "title": "Student kills self over poor English score", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old student of class 12 committed suicide after he performed badly in the English board examination on Thursday. The deceased was a student of a government school and was residing in northeast Delhi's New Usmanpur area.\"We are investigating the matter and no suicide note has been recovered as yet,\" said a senior police officer.According to police, the boy had committed suicide by hanging himself in his residence while his family had been away at a marriage function at his sister's house. \"The family returned at around 5pm to find him hanging from the ceiling fan. The deceased had earlier in the day met his maternal grandfather at Babarpur and gone back home,\" said a senior police officer.According to the police , an inquiry into the matter has been initiated and prima facie it has been established that the deceased was depressed after having performed badly in his English board examination on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "12129757", "title": "Fake mobile batteries racket busted", "text": "VAPI: Valsad police on Saturday busted fake cellphones battery manufacturing racket after raiding three industrial premises in Sarigam Industrial Estate in the district.According to police, the premises were hired by one Manish Jain where he brought different parts and packing material of cellphone batteries from the local market of Mumbai and other sources. These were all assembled with the help of more then 200 employees. Fake labels of some known battery-making brands were put on these batteries and sold.Jain is a native of Mumbai. Sources said Jain was running this business since three years after shifting base from Thane near Mumbai to Valsad. His factory in Thane where similar fake batteries were made was also raided in 2009.Deputy superintendent of police, Vapi, Jagdish Patel said they also seized huge stock of fake batteries along with assembling machineries whose value is estimated to be in lakhs.The raids continued till late evening and officials of sales tax and central excise were also involved in the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12128368", "title": "A K Jain moves district court seeking bail", "text": "JAIPUR: Suspended additional director general of police (ADGP) AK Jain, who surrendered himself in the Dara Singh encounter case, filed another application before the district judge seeking bail. Arguments on his revision appeal against 14-day police custody were also completed with the court likely to give its verdict on Monday.A day after 1978-batch officer was hospitalized on complaints of chest pain, he got the bad news of his father's demise at Saharanpur in UP on Friday. After his surrender on Monday, the court had sent him to 14-day CBI custody.He moved an application in the special CBI court seeking an interim bail on the grounds that being a son he has the obligation to attend the last rituals. The court rejected the application. Then a bail application was filed in the district court.\"We have protested the bail application filed by the accused on the grounds he is yet to be interrogated,\" said special public prosecutor, CBI, Sarfaraz Haider Khan. The CBI counsel also argued that under Section 167 of CrPC, the investigating agency has the right to interrogate an accused even if the case has been committed to trial.Jain's lawyer Amar Singh said that the arguments on the revision appeal against his police custody have been completed. \"The court has reserved its order for Monday,\" said Singh.Two more applications were filed by constable Jogaram, another accused in Dara Singh encounter case, seeking interim bail on the grounds of taking part in the last rituals of his father's death.Jogaram's father had also died five days ago. \"Earlier, he sought permission to take part in the cremation of his father which was allowed by the court on condition that he would move out of the jail under security. However, he has filed another application seeking bail to take part in other rituals which continue for 12 days,\" said CBI counsel Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "12130298", "title": "3 ultrasound centres issued notices for irregularities", "text": "PANIPAT: Three ultrasound centres in the district were served notices by the district health authorities after certain irregularities were detected in the records.Raids were carried out at Ahuja Hospital and Hydrabadi Hospital which are situated on the Sanoli road, and Jitender Hospital in Sukhdev Nagar. It was found that records related to prenatal tests had not been maintained properly. The centres have been told to submit their reply in seven days, and asked to explain why their licences should not be suspended.Chief medical officer H S Randhawa said, \"The eight-member team has also sealed two ultrasound centres located in Matlauda block in the district.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji/mapusa", "code": "12128803", "title": "Tourism hit as election fever grips Goa", "text": "PANAJI/MAPUSA: Election fever raged across Goa but for the state's tourism, it was a dampener, both for tourists who were denied their alcohol and for tourist establishments, which lost on business.While the business of beach shacks and hotels in the coastal belt dipped after the January 24 order of the election authorities ordering eateries and bars to down shutters at 11pm, beach shacks were \"almost dead\" in the last three days, shack owners said.\"This looks like May when we are about to close down. Tourists were demanding drinks but we could not serve them. They were cursing and going away. People spend so much to come to Goa but they could not enjoy,\" said John Lobo, general secretary of the Shack Owners Welfare Society (SOWS), who runs his beach shack at Baga beach in North Goa.SOWS president Cruz Cardozo, whose beach shack is located at Cavelossim beach in South Goa, echoed Lobo's sentiments. \"All beach parties had to be cancelled. There is no entertainment for people. We hear tourists have gone off to Thailand,\" Cardozo said.Even members of FOSA, the 300-member federation of small and medium hotels and guest houses in Goa, were complaining against the ban on alcohol and the time restrictions. FOSAM members have decided to make a representation to the election authorities urging them to hold elections either in October or May when Goan tourism is at a low ebb.For tourists, it was a rest day. Though the shacks and eateries were open, the drinks counters were closed. Tourists staying in the outskirts of the beach (in the main village areas were aware that the Goa is going for elections).\"It was a leisure time for me, I just relaxed today, maybe I'll go out in the evening,\" said Ricardo Martorell from Portugal.\"Most of the guests stayed in their rooms and hotels. The elections did not affect the tourists travelling as many were seen with motorcycles with little or no understanding of what was going on in this tourist state.\"I just did some shopping today, went to the beach and relaxed in my room,\" said Sharon Khaled from Spain.Domestic tourists, mostly from Maharashtra, who came with their families in vehicles, were seen entering Goa via Kiranpani and Tirakhol ferry boats at it was a weekend. Those who were unaware were upset that the bars were closed as Goa is preferred for its cheap liquor.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12129613", "title": "No maintenance: Computers gather dust in schools", "text": "MANGALORE: Several computers supplied through Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), to schools in Dakshina Kannada district are gathering dust because of lack of proper maintenance.The district unit of SSA has distributed 538 computers to 120 primary schools in Mangalore since 2002-03. Azim Premji Foundation and Sogo Computers, which supplied the computers, had offered free maintenance only for a period of three years from the date of purchase. Accordingly, the companies stopped maintenance of about 250 computers supplied to 54 schools before 2006-07.Following this, computers in several schools are remaining unused as the School Development and Monitoring Committees are not in a position to maintain them due to lack of funds.SSA district assistant project co-ordinator K Peethambara told TOI that a list of schools, where computer maintenance agencies need to be appointed, was already been submitted to the zilla panchayat in December, 2011. \"We have also included computer maintenance programme in the annual action plan of SSA for 2012-13. We have also requested the state government to sanction Rs 12 lakh for the purpose,\" he added.No to residential trainingConsidering the demand of various teachers' associations, the district unit of SSA has urged the state government to convert the residential training for teachers conducted by it into a non-residential one. Peethambara said that the association members have complained of the difficulties of women teachers to stay away from their houses for the five-day training period. \"We have written to commissioner of public instructions Thushar Girinath on the issue,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12133905", "title": "Hindus in Baloch moving to other parts of Pak amid abductions", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A total of 23 Hindus have been abducted in Balochistan province over the past few months, forcing members of the minority community to migrate to other parts of Pakistan , an official has said.Incidents of kidnapping for ransom and other heinous crimes have increased, Balochistan Home Secretary Naseebullah Bazai said.Seventy people were abducted from Quetta Division alone during the past three months, he said.Bazai told Dawn News channel that 53 of the 70 abducted people had been recovered while the others were yet to be traced.He added that 23 members of the Hindu community were kidnapped from the province over a period of several months.The rise in kidnappings had forced the Hindu community to migrate from Balochistan to other parts of the country, Bazai said.An anti-kidnapping force had been formed to curb such incidents, he said.Balochistan and Sindh provinces have sizeable Hindu populations.Over the past few years, dozens of Hindus, most of them petty traders, have been kidnapped for ransom in Balochistan.Several cases of forced conversion of Hindus have also been reported from Sindh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128214", "title": "School bus collides with 2 vehicles, none hurt", "text": "NAGPUR: On Saturday morning some school students had a lucky escape when their bus collided with two other vehicles at Ashok Square near Baidyanath Square.Around 6.30am, the School of Scholars bus was heading from Medical Square to Ganeshpeth when it hit a truck and jeep. According to Ganeshpeth police, the incident took place when traffic signal had not begun functioning. \"All three vehicles were driving at high speed,\" said a cop.The truck was heading from Baidyanath Square to Dhantoli while the jeep was coming from Gokulpeth. \"No vehicle honked. Luckily, only five students were in the bus and none of them were hurt. Another bus was called and the children were shifted,\" said the police.Ganeshpeth police seized license of the bus and truck driver. \"Since the jeep driver was not driving at high speed, his license was not seized,' said the police. Since death of Virat Zade, there have been five accidents due to reckless driving by school bus drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12129118", "title": "Sri Sri Ravi Shankar to address mahasatsang in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: Founder of the Art of Living Sri Sri Ravi Shankar will address a Mahasatsang 'Ashirvad' at Reserve Police Lines, near IT College in Lucknow on March 18 from 5.30 pm onwards.The programme which is open to all Lucknowites, will feature the sweet and soothing music of Art of Living singers, the deepest spiritual knowledge expressed by Sri Sri in simple words and guided meditation.Early in the morning, guruji will address a volunteer convention at Law College auditorium which would be restricted to previous Art of Living participants. Sri Sri will also address mahasatsangs in Ghazipur and Ballia on March 15, Azamagarh and Mau on March 16 and Ayodhya, Gonda on March 17 and Amethi and Rae Bareli on March 19. The main aim of these programmes is to help create a society free from all kinds of tensions, stress, violence, injustice and corruption.According to a statement released by Art of Living, millions of people in 155 countries have got rid of their stress through his Art of Living workshops. Apart from the general masses, his workshops also cater to youths, children, slum dwellers, village folks and tribals through its free tribal schools. In Lucknow itself, over 25,000 people have already been benefited by various Art of Living programmes. Thousands of prison inmates of UP have undergone Art of Living 'Prison Smart' (stress management and rehabilitation technique) programme. The 5H programme viz health, hygiene, human values, harmony and home for homeless are being implemented in rural areas by committed volunteers trained by Art of Living through its youth leadership training programmes, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12129202", "title": "Youth burnt alive in godown fire", "text": "INDORE: A 19-year-old youth was burnt alive in a fire breakout, suspected to be sparked by a mosquito repellent, while he was fast asleep in a godown at Khajarana area in the city.The Indore police informed that the deceased, Hashim Parvez, son of Adbul Hakim, was a resident of Rajgarh.The police said Hashim was sleeping when the fire broke out in the godown. Before going to sleep, he had probably switched on a mosquito repellent, which could have sparked the fire in the godown. Since the godown was locked from inside and Hashim missed the keys, he was trapped. He shouted for help but in vain.Hashim was dead by the time the fire brigade men, with the help of local people, broke open the door and entered the godown.However, the police are yet to ascertain the reason behind his death.The godown belongs to Hashim's brother-in-law, Anwar, who is into the profession of venue decorations in the city. Hashim used to support him in his business and also worked as a local guard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12130010", "title": "Missing boy found at South Mumbai dargah", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days after a seven-month-old boy went missing from Cama hospital, the police rescued the child and reunited him with his family on Saturday, thanks to an alert citizen.On Wednesday, a woman took her son to Cama hospital to treat him for rashes. At the hospital, a woman befriended her. Later, the mother left the boy with the woman, to fill forms for the child's treatment. When she returned, she found both the woman and her son missing. Following that, the child's father, Murli Kale, lodged a complaint.Around 8.30am on Saturday , the Azad Maidan police received a call from a resident who claimed to have spotted a child crying at the dargah near Bombay Hospital in south Mumbai. On reaching the spot, the officials found a man trying to pacify a baby, whom they identified as Vishwanathan who had been missing.\"The man, Anil, who had the boy with him washes glasses at the dargah. He is a little mentally unstable. When we questioned him, he told us that a woman came in a taxi around 7am, handed the boy to him and left,\" said A Surve, inspector at the Azad Maidan police station. Anil has been detained for questioning but will not be booked. Anil told TOI that the woman stopped the taxi at the dargah and gave him Rs 20, asking him to take care of the child till she brought his mother back, before leaving.He confirmed that it was the same woman whose sketch the police had prepared after a complaint was lodged.Surve said they were looking for the kidnapper. \"We will check the CCTV footage of the junction near Bombay Hospital to get the number of the woman's taxi. We will contact the driver and ask him where he dropped her off,\" he said.The child bore no signs of injuries. In fact, his mother said, he seemed to have been treated. \"The child was ill but now, he is fine. The kidnapper must have got him treated. We will visit hospitals and chemists to check if the woman visited them,\" said Surve.The police are yet to find a motive for the kidnap but suspect it to be part of a larger racket. \"The woman doesn't seem to belong to a begging group or she would not have cured the boy. We suspect she was trying to sell him to a childless couple or she herself did not have a baby. When she realized we have blocked all the exits of the city , she must have left the boy at the dargah,\" said Surve.Another missing child was returned to her family, after she was found at the same dargah on Friday. Kajal Baware (4), who lives with her parents on a pavement near Metro junction, went missing on Thursday. The family lodged a case with Azad Maidan cops. \"My daughter told me an old man took her away. Escaping from him, she ran back to the darga. A medical test was conducted and the reports are clear,\" said Noorie, Kajal's mother. The police have not linked the two cases so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12129094", "title": "Persons transport voters to polling booths, booked", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police said that they received three complaints from Usgao, Marcaim and Ponda alleging that several political party supporters had used their own vehicles to transport voters to polling booths. The police registered an offence against unknown persons under Sections 133 of the Representation of People's Act.Ponda deputy collector Johnson Fernandes said he received complaints about \"ink marks at specific areas on the EVMs. Fernandes said they verified the complaint and found it to be either a \"mistake or mischief\".Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12129151", "title": "\u2018Will back anyone but Sena-BJP\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: With hectic political battles being conducted among various political parties in a bid to gain control over the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), in which no party or political formation got a clear majority in the recent polls, the CPM and independent candidates met on Saturday to finalize their Common Minimum Programme (CMP). The CPM and the independents also decided to support any party or political formation that would support their CMP, but not the Sena-BJP.The crucial meeting between the CPM, which has won three seats, and the six independents who have formed a group called 'Vikas Aghadi'(development front) in the NMC, discussed the five-point CMP drawn up by the CPM and adopted it.\"The independent candidates and the CPM had a joint meeting today. We (CPM) had chalked out a five-point CMP, which was endorsed by the independents,\" CPM leader Dr D L Karad told TOI, adding, \"As regards supporting a political party or formation in the NMC, we have decided to support any party or political formation that would agree to implement our CMP.\"However, when asked whether the CPM and the Vikas Aghadi would support the Sena-BJP alliance if it agreed to implement the CMP, Karad said, \"There is no question of supporting the Sena-BJP (which was in power in the outgoing NMC), as the voters have not given a mandate in their favour. \"The Vikas Aghadi and the CPM have decided to work jointly in the House and work towards the implementation of the five-point agenda thrashed out by them. The CMP of the CPM and the independents comprises issues like transparent governance, improving educational standards in municipal schools, generating more revenue sources for the civic body, having more playgrounds and gardens, and developmental works as per the needs of citizens.While Karad led the CPM group, the Vikas Aghadi was led by its group leader Gurmeet Bagga (a rebel Congressman who was denied a Congress ticket in the civic polls and who subsequently defeated Dinesh Bachhav, husband of former minister of state Shobha Bachhav). The municipal polls have thrown up a hung house with the MNS emerging as the single-largest party, winning 40 seats in the 122-member House.The Congress-NCP alliance won 35 seats, the Sena (which did not form a pre-poll alliance with the BJP)- RPI (A) alliance won 22 (Sena 19 and RPI (A) three) seats. The CPM won three seats, and the Jan Rajya Aghadi two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12128254", "title": "Chief minister can't shake off street politics past", "text": "KOLKATA: Is chief minister Mamata Banerjee going against her own government? So it seems from her leading a Trinamool Congress rally in south Kolkata on Saturday when the police have already suspended constable Tarak Das for the assault on a journalist that she had called \"fabricated\".Das was indicted in a departmental inquiry and suspended. There is video footage of him and the mob that beat up a journalist in front of the CPM's Jadavpur zonal committee office at Ganguly Bagan on the February 28 bandh. Mamata - who heads the home (police) department - called the incident \"fabricated\" and accused journalists of \"spreading lies\".On Saturday, she led a rally in the area to protest against the CPM 'conspiracy' in the assault. It seems her past as a firebrand Opposition leader hangs heavy on the chief minister.Driven by her anti-CPM stance, the CM keeps chasing the red ghost when Bengal has already voted them out of power. She made a smart start by giving priority to development but got entangled in an unnecessary show of strength when the people wanted a break. Even her lieutenants in the Trinamool Congress realize it but no one has the guts to tell her the truth.She has tied herself in knots over the Ganguly Bagan assault. The suspension of Das is prima facie admission of the violence on February 28 that Mamata had trashed as a \"cooked up\" incident.Mamata perhaps failed to realize that her walking the streets would amount to defiance of the departmental proceedings against the accused constable.It reminds of the first United Front government in 1967 when chief minister Ajoy Mukherjee went on a fast against his own government.\"It is indeed a paradox. A chief minister is seen on the streets, apparently against what the police have done. In fact, the suspended constable Tarak Das rang me to say that he has been framed. Whatever his defence, the fact will come out in the departmental proceedings,\" said Sunando Sanyal, who played an active role in bringing about a change in government.The CM has made hasty comments on a number of rapes as well - Park Street, Katwa, Falta - while the prosecution's findings went contrary to her claims of fabrication.Mamata's rally on Saturday indicates that she still clings to her tit-for-tat street politics that doesn't fit with her new stature. She could have easily refrained from joining the blame game and left it to the police and the court to unearth the truth.Even her predecessor Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, who badly lost in the 2011 assembly elections, did not walk the streets after police took action.There is no denying the fact that people caught in the traffic jam in south Kolkata suffered just as bad as in Baguiati in the north where Left Front chairman Biman Bose hit the streets against the \"partisan role of the police\" in the Rajarhat violence on bandh day.CPM North 24-Parganas district secretary Gautam Deb also runs the risk of pre-judging the Rajarhat violence that is under investigation. Even as Rajarhat locals are not in a mood to give a clean chit to either of the public representatives - Rajarhat-Gopalpur municipality chairman Tapas Chatterjee and Trinamool MLA Sabyasachi Datta - the fact remains that police slapped non-bailable sections on CPM supporters. The Left Front used to do the same thing against Trinamool when they were in power.Lawyer Arunava Ghosh would rather that the CM stuck to her brief. \"What's the use of hitting the streets on matters being looked into by the police or pending before the court? It does not go well with the chief minister's good office. The CM should stick to her promise of development and good governance that can take the state forward,\" Ghosh said.On Saturday, two persons were arrested for the Katwa rape and were remanded in police custody. The police action and the judicial ruling are completely at odds with Mamata's surmise that the woman had made a \"false complaint\". In the Park Street rape, too, a court extended the jail custody of the accused by two weeks. There was much confusion even on Saturday when the police accepted an FIR against Trinamool MLA Sabyasachi Datta after much delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12129004", "title": "Trichy copes with power holiday after 30 yrs", "text": "TRICHY: Industries in Trichy region experienced the first ever day long power holiday in 30 years on Saturday with a mixed feeling. G Ramakrishna, general manager (operations) of BHEL, Trichy, told TOI that \"We had to close the plant with a heavy heart. Normally, in the final month of the financial year we normally work on Sundays as well to meet our commitments.\" Meanwhile, Sunday is also declared to be a power holiday for all HT industries (using 150 KVA and above) throughout the state.A TNEB source close to the development told TOI that BHEL was in fact exempted from the power outage since it was a company that made components for power generating companies and that the chairman of the TNEB had already passed an order to this effect. Ramakrishna on the contrary told TOI on Saturday that even if that was true they could not have informed their 10,000-odd employees to be present in the company in time as they had already declared Saturday and Sunday as a holiday. \"This is the first time after the Tuticorin Thermal power failure in 1980-81 that we had to close the plant down completely. Our managers are meeting the TNEB chairman for requesting an exemption from the power holiday on all days in future.\"G Angamuthu, chief engineer (commercial) in his order had exempted printing facilities for newspapers and periodicals, all telephone exchanges, milk chilling and processing plants, port trusts and defence productions, and \"other\" services. The BHEL was included in the \"other\" services and the Navratna company was already exempted from the power holiday, Angamuthu told TOI.The Golden Rock Railway Workshop, Trichy continued their operations as usual, but the TNEB asked it to stop operations on Saturday in deference to the general order enforcing the power holiday.N Balakrishnan, chief engineer (distribution) asked the Golden Rock Workshop to stop operations in the afternoon when he came to know through the sub-stations results that the central power plant in the workshop was in full steam. Golden Rock's chief workshop manager Mahesh told TOI that the workshop needed at least 72 hours notice to stop operations and the order intimating the Saturday power holiday was received only on Thursday. However, the workshop continued operations on Saturday, after shutting down the central air-conditioning system. Angamuthu however clarified that \"in the case of Golden Rock Workshop it did not give any representation to us requesting the exemption from power holiday, if they had done so, we would have definitely considered it.\"Meanwhile, the power holiday was received with anger and disbelief, especially by those who operate within the small industrial development corporation in Ariyamangalam area where a few hundred small companies are operating. S Gopalsamy who has an engineering facility told TOI, \"Fortunately I have a generator, but the small industries will almost die a natural death if the power holiday is enforced in a long run.\" Gopalsamy said that the Bangalore model should be enforced here, whereby Monday would be a power holiday and the rest of the week days would get uninterrupted supply. All the 400-odd small, tiny and medium industries that mainly supply boiler components wore a deserted look on Saturday and around 14,000 employees had a reluctant holiday as it meant a loss to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "12129217", "title": "Rule 49-O: 201 voters reject all candidates", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: They came, they completed the formalities and they went away without voting.Announced by election officials via media, Rule 49-O of the Conduct of Election Rules, 1961, evoked almost instant response from voters who wanted none of the candidates on offer. In all, 201 persons invoked the rule all over Goa.In Calangute constituency alone, at least three voters, including two aged between 20 and 25 years, sought to implement this right before noon.The first, a lady, told election officials at polling station No. 6 of government primary school (west wing) Arpora, what she wished to do.Agreeing to undergo the formalities required, she got herself photographed, fingerprinted and even the indelible ink on her fingernail. The presiding officer also enabled the electronic voting machine and to the officer's utter bewilderment the lady, contrary to her request, voted.Soon afterwards, a young man came in and declared he wanted to invoke Rule 49-O. He suffered no change of heart and after completing the formalities and signing the register he left without voting.Another citizen, who invoked the rule, was not taking any chances with the presiding officer at polling station 12, government primary school (east wing), Sauntavaddo, Calangute. He walked in with a newspaper cutting detailing the right to invoke Rule 49-O. Having completed the formalities and getting the indelible ink on his finger nail, he signed the register concerned and walked away sans voting.In South Goa, STOI met at least three persons-Francis D'Silva (Margao), president of the South Goa tourist coach owners' association, and Dipak 'Bhai' Madgaonkar and Francis Xavier H Pereira, both from Curchorem-who exercised Rule 49-O.D'Silva said he rejected all the candidates as he could not expect anything better from any of them.Madgaonkar, echoing D'Silva's view, said he opted for the rule as \"there is nothing to distinguish one candidate from the other\". \"Both the Congress and BJP have thrust their candidates on the voters,\" he said.Pereira said voting for any candidate would mean giving your vote for corruption.Senior political observer from Curchorem, Shripad Samant, said of the trend: \"The fact that voters, though only a few, have opted for this rule is indicative of an emerging trend among voters to exercise their right to reject candidates if they feel they do not fit the bill. The trend is likely to grow in coming years if parties continue to thrust candidates without caring for voters' sentiments.\"After one's electoral roll number is entered in the voters' register (Form 17A) and one has signed against it, the presiding officer enters a remark that the voter has invoked Rule 49-O and rejects all candidates. The elector then signs against the same.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12132778", "title": "Holi special trains for Patna, Lucknow", "text": "NEW DELHI: In order to clear extra rush of passengers during Holi festival, the railways have decided to run Holi special trains for Bihar , Uttar Pradesh and other states including an additional Lucknow Shatabdi.\"We have decided to run many Holi special trains for passengers visiting Patna, Lucknow, Saharsa, Darbhanga, Jaipur and other places. Among others, an express train and also a Shatabdi train for Lucknow will be pressed into service to clear Holi rush,\" said a senior Northern Railway official.There will be also a special train between Chandigarh and Varanasi and a Gorakhpur express train for Mumbai.The Northern Railway has already announced that Holi special trains between Delhi Sarai Rohilla and Patna, Old Delhi and Darbhanga, Shirhind and Saharsa, Sarai Rohilla and Jaipur and Sarai Rohilla and Rewari will be run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12130084", "title": "Judges\u2019 driver robbed during row", "text": "A driver working for the high court judges has accused a group of lawyers of robbing him of cash, mobile phone and gold chain after abusing and assaulting him at the City Civil Court complex on Friday afternoon. The driver, MS Jagadeeshaiah, in his complaint on Saturday to Ulsoorgate police stated that he had brought two HC judges, justices KL Manjunath and K Govindarajulu, to the court complex in a government Toyota Corolla car around 1.30pm. When the judges alighted at the complex, Jagadeeshaiah went to the parking lot and was sitting in his car.A few minutes later, he learnt that that a group of 15 to 20 persons, including advocates, were throwing stones at police and public and then setting fire to three to four two-wheelers. \"A group of five advocates turned their ire at me and hit me on my face due to which I have deep gashes on my lips. The gang then abused me and removed Rs 1,900 from my pocket before taking away my mobile and a gold chain weighing around 22 gm,\" he stated in the complaint.Jagadeeshaiah soon escaped from the group and drove away to the high court and reported the matter to HC registrar general, who asked him to file a complaint. He said he first went to the nearby high court dispensary and got himself treated, and then went home. Jagadeeshaiah said he can identity the advocates who robbed him.Hurt cops recoveringTwo on-duty constables, Narayan Swamy and Chandrappa, admitted to Nimhans on Friday after they were injured during the scuffle between lawyers and media, are still recouping in the hospital. P L Satish, medical superintendent, Nimhans said that condition of both the constables were stable and they would be discharged by Sunday. While Narayan Swamy suffered head injury, Chandrappa was admitted with neck injuries. Four lawyers admitted to the hospital were discharged on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12131565", "title": "Repolling underway in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Repolling is underway at 67 polling stations in five hill districts of Manipur today.The repolling started at 8 AM and was going on peacefully.Manipur assembly election was held on January 28 and counting of votes would be taken up on March 6.Elections 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12128559", "title": "A toast to the French taste", "text": "One literally has to crane one's neck out of the car window to spot the 'home of Mariannick' or Chez Mariannick. Located in Siddapura, off Varthur Road, Chez Mariannick is housed in a brick-and-mortar shack with fields on one side, and signs of concretization on the other. This quaint and rustic French creperie-boulangerie, was first started as a bakery by French-born Mariannick Halai and her husband of Indian origin, Shashi, four years ago.The home of Mariannick started off as a bakery, in a 10- feet-by-10-feet stone structure located in the middle of a field which the couple had rented from a farmer at Rs 1,100 a month.\"I built our first wood-fire oven in that small plot. My wife and I would carry trays with baguettes and croissants for a kilometre from our apartment. After the baguettes and croissants were baked we would then set off on our scooter and sell our produce to whoever wished to buy them,\" recalls Shashi, who worked as a carpenter besides dabbling in other artisan works along with Mariannick in London, before shifting to Bangalore.Today Chez Mariannick has grown to be a 60-seater restaurant that dishes out a lunch and dinner menu six-days a week, with Sundays off. On Fridays and Saturdays the restaurant serves crepes, while on other days wood-fired pizzas are a staple as are baguettes, croissants and few French desserts. Fresh salad and breads are served to diners \"just the way it's done in France,\" Shashi says.And then comes a straightforward admission: \"Nothing comes for free. Call it complimentary and put the price up on the food or just say that's the meal deal, that's the combo.\" Pizzas come for Rs 350-450, bakery products start at Rs 50.The couple delivers over 100 croissants and close to 80 baguettes a day to the posh residences in an around Whitefield such as Prestige Ozone and Palm Meadows. They also deliver to Bangalore's Beverly Hills address, Epsilon, and other high-end gated communities such as Adarsh Palm Vista.On the difficulties in running an authentic French restaurant Shashi says, \"I have only been able to train one person who's been with us for three years. It's impossible to get someone who's committed. You get them, they learn and they move on.\" He adds, \"Our flavours are what you'll find in a very good French bakery. And that's because of Mariannick's hands. One must understand that in India things always change. Each bag of wheat that you're going to open will be different from the one opened before. That's just India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12129213", "title": "Lokayukta police opens bank locker of jail superintendent's wife", "text": "INDORE: The Lokayukta police on Saturday opened a bank locker belongs to the wife of Indore Central Jail superintendent and found documents of property valuing about Rs 50 lakh. This recovery was in addition to the already unearthed disproportionate assets of the jail superintendent.The Lokayukta official said that the locker in the name of Kusum Somkunwar, wife of the jail superintendent, Prushottam Somkunwar, at the city branch of Bank of Maharashtra was opened on Saturday.The official further informed that Rs 10.5 lakh in cash was found to be kept in the locker. Apart from it, three saving bank accounts and many other insurance policies worth Rs 6.5 lakh were also found in the locker, the police said.Apart from it, document of one more fledgling bungalow in Vandana Nagar of the city was found, said the official adding that the estimated market price of the house was about Rs 30 lakh.The Lokayukta police conducted raids on the residence of Somkunwar two days ago and unearthed assets worth crores of rupees disproportionate to his known sources of income. The superintendent has earned Rs 30 lakh around from his legal sources, said Lokayukta officials.Earlier, the Lokayukta police found that the superintendent owned three bungalows, one hostel and four shops, all located in the state capital. The special police also found document of 14 acre of land at different places including Bhopal and Indore.The Lokayukta team found Rs 7.62 lakh cash, three four-wheelers and two two-wheelers from his possession during the raid. The Lokayukta cops also found valuables worth Rs 33 lakh in his Bhopal bungalow while valuables worth Rs 10.5 lakh was found in his Indore bungalow. Documents of bank deposits of Rs 1 crore in different banks and insurance policy worth Rs 8.5 lakh were also found from various places. The team also found jewelleries worth Rs 17.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12128511", "title": "Less sleep, more TV make kids fat", "text": "Lack of sleep and excessive TV watching are increasing the 'waist circumference' of young urban children. A study conducted by a team of nutritionists at St John's Research Institute found that 22% of children between 3 years and 10 years and 15% children between 10 and 16 years are overweight / obese respectively.The study looked at 8,444 children (4707 between 3 and 10 years and 3737 between 10 and 16 years) in Bangalore based on the frequency of consumption of certain food, physical activity, sedentary habits at home, sleep duration, watching TV, frequency of eating out, etc. The research papers were submitted to the Indian Paediatrics association last year.The results found that increase in waist circumference (obesity) of children was directly related to lack of sleep, watching television while eating, snacking between meals and maternal obesity. \"With regard to physical activity, increased duration of TV viewing and decreased duration of sleep contributed to increase in waist circumference in both groups of children. Maternal BMI ( Body Mass Index) too was a strong contributor in both groupsSays Dr Priyanka Rohatgi, president, Indian Dietetic Association, Bangalore chapter and chief clinical nutritionist, Apollo Hospital: \"Lack of sleep adversely affects the brain and cognitive function. Going to bed earlier will actually help your body maintain proper hormonal balance. Sleep loss is currently proposed to disturb endocrine regulation of energy homeostasis leading to weight gain and obesity. A reduction of sleep duration to 4 hours for two consecutive nights has recently been shown to decrease circulating leptin levels and to increase ghrelin (hormones controlling weight) levels, as well as self-reported hunger.\"The study found that decreased sleep was strongly related to waist circumference and likely due to homework, tuitions and TV viewing in older children. \"Shorter sleep is a risk factor for obesity in children through modulation of leptin and grehlin,\" noted the researchers.Explains Dr Rohatgi: \"Too little sleep may cause weight gain by way of two hormones. Firstly, lack of sleep may decrease leptin levels in fat cells. Lowered leptin levels can block feelings of satiety and encourage eating more. Secondly, sleep deprivation increases ghrelin in the gastrointestinal tract, which stimulates appetite.\"TV makes them lethargicSpending more time in front of TV and computers brings down physical activities in children. Said Dr Usha Devi C, associate professor, department of food and nutrition: \"When children sit in front of TV and computers, they tend to eat more as the mind is engaged in other activities.\"(Source: Division of nutrition and department of paediatrics, St. John's Research Institute).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127885", "title": "City's French connection", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The tales of a small Amdavadi community - largely obscured by the vast patchwork of India's infinite ethnicities - are being relished by the French bookdom. 'Shalom India Housing Society', a novel by city-based writer Esther David, has been translated in French. At one level, the book offers sociological diagnostics of Bene Israel (Sons of Israel) Jews who arrived in India some 2,000 years ago, according to myth if not historiography. On another level, 'Shalom India Housing Society' is a literary meditation in which Prophet Elijah becomes a flaneur (roamer/lounger), a creative force created by Charles Baudelaire . A flaneur trawls a city searching for its soul.In David's imagining, even if Elijah is not given to Baudelairean wanderings in urbania, he walks across all the 19 stories in the book - and into characters' lives - with the authority of the protagonist. The novel opens with Elijah's 'bio' and establishes his centrality to the narrative. David describes how Bene Israel Jews contravened Judaism's injunction against idol worship and gave Elijah a face.Indeed, when the prophet prepares for a global jaunt on Passover to receive traditional hospitality garnished with modern Indian flavours, David captures an affecting multicultural moment. \"As he pinned a blue mantle to his shoulders with brooches and put on his gold bracelets,\" David writes, \"Prophet Elijah was satisfied that he looked exactly like the poster he had seen in most Bene Israel homes of India.\"Braving rogue waves and surviving the perils of shipwreck, Bene Israel Jews settled on the Konkan coast and went through the inevitable phase of Indianization. Their story would not have exerted global appeal had it not been for the colourful humanity that India imprints on to its citizens' lives. And that colour has been evoked delicately by David. 'Shalom India Housing Society' - a fictitious Ahmedabad apartment complex - has drawn admiration in France.French reviewers Alain and Christian Londner write: \"The [book] is constructed in a brilliant manner with Jewish portraits facing a universal predicament of the human situation. It expresses their cross-cultural conflicts as they try to preserve their rites and rituals.\"David's first book, 'The Walled City' (1997), was translated in French as 'La Ville en ses Murs'. It was nominated for the Premier Liste de Prix Femina. Her next work, 'Book of Rachel', was translated in French as 'Le Livre de Rachel' and won the Prix Eugene Brazier. For Ahmedabad, David seems to be the consistent French connection .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129817", "title": "Coming soon: Hurriyat at the hustings?", "text": "Who would have thought it possible. For more than two decades, elections have been anathema to the Hurriyat Conference. Harping on self-determination for the Kashmiris, the separatist outfit has consistently boycotted the electoral process, calling it a meaningless farce. But 2014 may see them take the plunge, finally.Not since 1987 have the indications been so positive. The assembly polls that year - widely seen in J&K; as a rigged exercise - resulted in the defeat of almost the entire hardliner (now separatist) leadership in Kashmir. Many of the disgruntled leaders of the then United Muslim Front - including Hizbul Mujahideen's Syed Salahuddin - crossed over to Pakistan to wage war against the Indian state.But times are clearly changing. And the Hurriyat, some of whose leaders started their careers as elected politicians, is likely to participate in the 2014 assembly elections. \"The polls, still quite far away, are already weighing heavily on the leadership's mind,\" says a Hurriyat leader, speaking on condition of anonymity.The fact that governance issues were raised by Hurriyat chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq during his weekly address at the religious congregation at Jamia Masjid in Srinagar recently is seen as an indicator of this. \"Governance is going to be an increasing focus area (of Hurriyat speeches) in coming months, particularly the demand for ownership of the state's power projects run by the National Hydro Power Corporation. And if all goes well with the envisaged peace plan, Hurriyat participation (in the polls) is certain,\" says the leader.Barring a few hardliners, it seems, none of the factions is averse to the idea. Things are likely to get clearer after the Hurriyat leaders' visit to Pakistan over the next few months. In the meantime, the outfit wants to reopen its communication links, both with the Centre and with villagers across Kashmir valley. It is planning to re-establish its office in Delhi and revive defunct district offices to rejuvenate its support base in rural areas.What does this possible turnaround mean for Kashmir's two most important political clans - the Abdullahs and Muftis? The mainstream regional parties - National Conference and People's Democratic Party (PDP) - have been major gainers from Hurriyat's poll boycotts, taking turns to rule the state and making laws and rules over time to suit their common interests (such as a six-year term for the state assembly and lavish perks for former chief ministers).For the record, though, they have constantly challenged the Hurriyat leadership to prove their popular credentials through elections. Now, PDP president Mehbooba Mufti says the Hurriyat is welcome to join the democratic process. \"If we had not fudged this democratic process time and again in the past, the situation would have been different in J&amp;K.; What the government of India needs to do is to ensure transparent and credible elections so that everybody is put to the test of the people without any fear,\" she says.Senior NC leader Irfan Shah describes the development as encouraging. \"Let them compete with us and prove their representative character. However, I don't believe people would accept them in the new role.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "morbi (rajkot)", "code": "12129855", "title": "34 lakh Value Added Tax recovered", "text": "MORBI (RAJKOT): Officials of Rajkot Value Added Tax (VAT) Enforcement raided three ceramic units in Morbi and recovered Rs 34 lakh as VAT evasion on Friday. The operation went on till late Friday night. \"We have recovered Rs 27.5 lakh from the owner of one unit and Rs 6.27 lakh from a second one. We seized account books and other materials from the owner of a third unit who refused to pay Rs 45 lakh as due VAT amount,\" said a VAT official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12131524", "title": "Mars to glow at its 'brightest' tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Red planet Mars will be brightest and closest \"it can get\" to earth tomorrow, giving sky gazers an opportunity to see it with naked eyes.\"On March 3, Mars was at opposition to sun because of which it would be brightest and closest it can get to earth on March 5,\" General Secretary of Planetary Society of India N Raghunandan said.In positional astronomy, opposition defines that position of a celestial object when it is on the opposite side of the sun in the sky when viewed from earth as reference, director of NGO Science Popularisation Association of Communicators and Educators (SPACE) C B Devgun said.The planet will be shining at -1.23 magnitude and can be seen between east and northeast direction. It will be 100.78 million km away from earth, he said.\"Mars will be brightest till end of April 2012. It will be visible in the night sky until February 2013 with decreasing brightness as it gets far from us as days pass by,\" he said.The next Mars opposition will occur on April 8, 2014, whereas next closest approach is on April 14, 2014. The last time it was at opposition was on January 30, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12122981", "title": "Madhuri turns down a Hollywood movie offer", "text": "Madhuri Dixit-Nene was recently offered a small cameo in a Hollywood film being shot in India.She would be expected to play herself, making a small appearance in a dream sequence. The film is about an American who dreams of acting in a Bollywood film someday. Mads turned down the role despite the large sum being offered, insisting she only wants roles where she's the protagonist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132830", "title": "New fashion boutique in Chennai", "text": "The launch of a new fashion boutique was reason to rejoice for the P3Ps of Chennai who packed the premises to the hilt.Some of the most well-known faces in the city made their presence felt at this do. From fashionistas to models to members of the cultural and artistic fraternities, this was a party that had them all. Of course, the evening belonged to the ladies who had arrived dressed in their fashionable best. From elegant saris to gorgeous evening gowns to sexy lil' black dresses and more, this was a fashion extravaganza of the highest order. The men too painted a dapper picture as they came clothed in some very smart casuals that had the ladies giving them the proverbial nod of approval. Here's to more of the good life", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "vasco/ mapusa", "code": "12128885", "title": "Deleted names leave some voters disheartened, angry", "text": "VASCO/ MAPUSA: On completing his duty at immigration (airport) on Saturday morning PI Vishwesh Karpe went to the polling booth in St Jospeh Institute, Vasco, to vote, only to learn that that his name was deleted from the electoral roll.\"Everyone in my family got to vote, except me. I have been voting in Vasco since I turned 18. But this year my name didn't figure in the electoral roll,\" he said.PI Karpe is not alone. When teenager, Lata, went to vote at Vidya Mandir school in Dabolim she was told that her name didn't figure in the electoral roll. \"I really wanted to vote this year. The Anna Hazare movement against corruption has inspired us and we wanted to vote a non-corrupt government to power,\" she said.Three voters from Mapusa were denied their right to vote as their names were not registered in the photo electoral roll. Vishant Pankar, Amay Pankar and Dinesh Pankar, voters from booth number 36 in the Mapusa constituency were surprised to see that there names were deleted from the photo electoral roll. \"I came here at 10am along with my brother and uncle Amay Pankar and Dinesh Pankar to vote. However, to our utter shock our names were deleted from the voters list,\" Vishant Pankar said \"We have been voters of Mapusa for years. I was upset and had to check the website where I found that our names were deleted without mentioning any reason,\" he said. \"I was in Delhi. I came all the way to cast my vote and with this I am terribly upset. I want an explanation from the authorities on why our names were deleted,\" Pankar said.Incidentally Vishant's wife, Avni Pankar was able to cast her vote for the first time in Goa. \"Ironically, my wife who is from Mumbai was able to vote as we transferred her vote here but that our family was denied the same,\" he said.The authorities at this booth confirmed that these three names were deleted but failed to provide any explanation. Vishant Pankar was upset and was outside the booth seeking any other option to cast his vote but his efforts were futile.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12128783", "title": "Has the election commission been effective in curbing the flow of cash and goodies to voters?", "text": "In some way, it appears as though the EC has partly succeeded in containing the flow of cash and goodies to the voters, especially at night in major towns. But in the villages it was a different story altogether. There were allegations that cash flowed in the constituencies contested by top politicians, by hoodwinking the officials. But certainly there was some sort of fear of the EC, of being caught and penalized.Joaquim Telesgeneral consultant, PanajiReports in the media, like TV and newspapers, speak of distribution of money and goodies in various places by politicians. This shows that despite all efforts by the poll observers and flying squads, the EC has not entirely succeeded in eliminating the menace.Akshata Bhatlawyer, MercesSpeaking from the facts, I do not think the cash flow and goodies have been curbed although the flying squad has exposed quite a few cases. They are just the tip of the iceberg. People have been paid to attend rallies as well. We can only hope that March 6 holds a better future for us.Ved Powarstudent, MargaoYes, the Election Commission has succeeded in weeding out the practice of distributing cash and goodies to voters by giving their voter slips. This has put an end to the practice of slipping cash by candidates with their own voter slips. The EC has adhered to rules and kept the election free and fair.Sridhar PaiBusinessman, Margao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "judge visits tihar jail to inspect site of 2007 serial killings", "code": "12128532", "title": "Court-killer - Judge visits crime spots in serial killing case", "text": "Judge visits Tihar Jail to inspect site of 2007 serial killings: An additional sessions judge of a Delhi court on Saturday inspected various spots, including the Tihar Jail entrance, where an alleged serial killer had dumped decapitated bodies after murdering the victims in 2007.ASJ Kamini Lau visited various spots in the city from where some headless bodies and remaining parts of the victims, who were killed by accused Chander Kant Jha, were recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128236", "title": "Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry demands power from RLNG", "text": "HYDERABAD: With no end to power woes in sight, trade and industry body in Andhra Pradesh has demanded that power generated from imported RLNG (regasified liquefied natural gas) be supplied to keep industry afloat.In its representation, the apex trade and industry body Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Fapcci) has urged that imported RLNG generated power should be given to the small scale industry sector at cost and at a little higher charges to medium and large scale industry.\"We request power to be generated from imported RLNG and given at regular cost to SSI sector, while medium and large scale sectors can be asked to pay a little higher. The entire industry is in distress and demands that power from imported RLNG should be offered immediately to industry,\" Fapcci said in a release.According to the industry body, while currently there is a 15-18% shortage of power, the industry has been forced to accept a 40% power cut, badly affecting industry in the state. \"Cost in terms of interest, depreciation, labour and other overheads cannot be avoided. On the other hand, there is tremendous pressure from customers and bankers to meet commitments.\"Fapcci officials said that the industry body has been in regular touch with APTransco since August last year. In November last year, APTransco had mooted a scheme wherein industries in dire need of power could get it at cost from RLNG, which should be implemented now, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12127868", "title": "BMC will send malaria advisory to housing societies", "text": "MUMBAI: Every housing society in the city will soon receive a letter from the BMC on how to prevent the breeding of mosquitos.In a meeting held on Saturday with authorities owning public land and some private hospitals, the civic body chalked its plan to fight malaria. By April, civic officials will complete an inspection of housing societies to ensure that necessary preventive measures are complied with. \"There were 39,822 malaria cases and 69 deaths in 2011 and we aim to reduce the fatalities this year,\" said additional municipal commissioner (health) Manisha Mhaiskar. \"The executive health officer will send out a letter to all the private housing societies listing preventive measures. Later officials will conduct an inspection,\" she added.Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation additional commissioner Sanjay Pattiwar said public land owning authorities should be asked to list mosquito breeding sites in their premises. A suggestion was made to include BMC schoolteachers and students in the drive.Observer Research Foundation, which organized the meeting, offered to make a film on malaria that could be screened in theatres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12129561", "title": "Varsities collect information on non- Tamil Nadu students", "text": "CHENNAI: After the Tamil Nadu government launched an elaborate exercise to profile migrant labourers across the state and create a databank, universities have also started a similar exercise.While some universities claimed the Union human resource development ministry had asked for such a database of students from outside the state, some others said it was the police who had sought the details. University of Madras vicechancellor G Thiruvasagam told TOI, \"Following a communication from the human resource department, the state higher education department has written to us. We were asked to furnish the database of students from other states.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12128467", "title": "AK Jain to be in ICU for at least 2 more days", "text": "JAIPUR: Suspended additional general of Rajasthan police AK Jain will be kept at the ICU of SMS Hospital's cardiology section for at least two more days, after he was admitted on Thursday with chest pain and uneasiness.Jain, an accused in the Dara Singh fake encounter case had surrendered before the special CBI court on Monday. After his one-day judicial custody, he was remanded in CBI custody till March 13.However on Thursday, he complained of uneasiness and was admitted to the hospital.Jain has undergone an MRI test. A cardiologist attending to him said, \"A few days ago Jain had met with an accident, and therefore, the MRI test was conducted. The report has been sent to the neurosurgery department which will give its comments on Monday.\"He is also found to be suffering from diabetes and hypertension. \"Such persons have 40 times more chances to develop coronary disease. He needs proper attention at the moment to be on the safer side,\" the doctor said, and added that Jain is yet to undergo a treadmill test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12128492", "title": "Forest force caught in a bind over two bosses", "text": "KOLKATA: The head of the forest force of West Bengal , Mirza Asghar Sultan, has sought a clarification from the principal secretary, forest department, Subesh Das whether the new principal chief conservator of forest (general) Atanu Raha is superior to him.This unprecedented situation was created because within weeks of selecting Sultan as the PCCF and head of the forest force and relegating Atanu Raha to additional PCCF, the government again elevated Raha by creating an ex-cadre post of PCCF (general) and transferred all the power of the head of the forest force.The elevation of Raha and clipping of Sultan's wings is thought to be the fall-out of Sultan's order to act against illegal saw-mills across the state. Sultan, apparently, defied the forest minister who had asked the head of the forest force to withdraw the crackdown.Sultan has asked the government to clarify whether PCCF (G) is superior to the head of the forest force after all administrative and financial powers have been transferred to the PCCF (general). \"The problem arose as Atanu Raha is not listening to any staff and is taking decisions unilaterally without involving me,\" Sultan has written in his letter to the forest department principal secretary.According to the letter, ever since the creation of the post of PCCF (G), there has been utter chaos in the forest force headquarters and officers are confused about who to report to.The normal activities of the forest force have come to a grinding halt because of this confusion, say sources. \"It is a peculiar and embarrassing situation, too. Sultan has all the statutory authority, without any power and Raha is all powerful without any statutory authority,\" said a senior forest officer.\"An ex-cadre post is temporary. We are at a loss whether PCCF(G), an ex-cadre post, will be the authority or the person at the apex post,\" said another officer. This has not been made clear in the gvernment order. The only way out of this constitutional crisis is to make PCCF (G) as the staff officer of the office of head of forest forces, say sources.Senior forest officers say PCCF (G) cannot be made superior to the head of the forest force. This would infringe upon the rules. Sultan is the head of the directorate.Other government agencies would not recognise PCCF (G) in any of the inter-departmental exchanges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129819", "title": "Joanna Sam wins city finale of Spell Bee", "text": "PUNE: Joanna Sam, a std VIII student from Bishop's Co-Ed School, Kalyaninagar, emerged the winner of the HDFC Life Spell Bee, India Spells 2012, powered by The Times Of India in association with Horlicks in Pune on Saturday.Fourteen-year-old Joanna, who secured 46 points, reigned supreme from amongst 596 students from 41 different schools from the city. Thrilled with an unexpected victory, she said, \"I have been reading newspapers and books for a few weeks to prepare for this competition. Reading is the key to performing well in competitions such as this, said my teachers. I followed their advice. They also asked me to make a note of every new word I learnt and use it while conversing daily.\"Joanna, however, was not sure about bagging the prestigious rank. \"Winning this competition has now given me the necessary encouragement to perform. I hope to improve and learn as much as I can to make everyone proud and succeed in my future endeavours,\" she added.Chandana Mukerjee, senior teacher at the Bishop's Co-Ed School, Kalyaninagar, said that the inter-house spelling contest recently conducted at the school prepared her students considerably for the competition and its rounds. \"Our children participate in myriad inter-school competitions, which gives them the confidence to perform on stage. Joanna is a store-house of confidence. She is a good singer and has often performed in singing competitions, which has helped boost her on-stage confidence,\" said Mukerjee.First runner-up Pritika Mall, a std VII student from St Mary's School, scored the highest in the last round, the rapid fire. She followed Joanna closely, finishing at 40 points. \"I was determined to fare well in this competition and never gave up in spite of a few hitches. I realised during the course of the competition that I knew the meaning of most of the words spelt, which gave me an edge over others,\" said Pritika.Pritika's mother, Kanika Mall, loved the event. \"It was a brilliant event, which was also well-conducted. The competition seemed to encourage the students considerably, making them feel motivated to do better, know and learn more.\" Kanika said that her daughter's success was the direct result of her voracious passion for reading. \"She is very fond of reading and took to it on her own. I always wanted her to follow her dreams and creativity, and that is what she is doing,\" she said.Maanik Marathe, a std VIII student from Vidya Valley School, emerged as the second runner-up and was all smiles. \"I gave my best and am happy. The entire competition was fun, from the written test in the beginning to the second part on stage. The rapid fire round was particularly exciting, for it gave me a chance to score and makeup for the misses in previous rounds,\" said Maanik.Earlier in the day, all the 596 students had taken a written test. Of these, 10 were shortlisted for the finale . Three finalists were from the Bishop's Co-Ed School, Kalyaninagar, two were from Vidya Valley School and Dr Shamrao Kalmadi High School each, while one was from Sanskriti School and one from Indira National School.The second part of the competition consisted of four rounds - picture trail, power spell, poesy and rapid fire, testing the vocabulary and the dexterity of mind of the students.The winner of the national final will represent India in Washington DC .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12128388", "title": "Millet remains unsold despite minimum support price declared by government", "text": "JAIPUR: The bumper crop of millet in the state remained unsold despite the minimum support price (MSP) declared by the state government. The Food Corporation of India rejected the major portion of the crop on the grounds of not matching their standards.The state government announced Rs 980 per quintal as the MSP for the millets of kharif season 2011-12. To facilitate the procurement of 39 lakh tonnes of millet, the government appointed the Rajasthan State Cooperative Marketing Federation Ltd (RAJFED) as the nodal agency which in turn set up 28 centres all over the state. However, in a major shock to farmers, only 946 quintal of millet, amounting to Rs 9.28 lakh was procured. Rest of the crop was rejected on the grounds that it was not fit for procurement.\"We asked the RAJFED to procure millet at a declared minimum support price in 13 districts for which they opened 28 centres. After completing all the formalities, we started acquiring it from November 2011. But most of the crop failed to match the standards prescribed by the Food Corporation of India. So even after having good production, farmers had to left empty-handed,\" said a senior official of agriculture department.Experts believe that government could have averted such scenario by engaging the Union government. \"Deciding the fair average quality (FAQ) or standards for the procurement is more of a political decision than technical. Had the state government shown pro-active efforts like Punjab and Haryana governments, the farmers would have received the fair price of their crop,\" said an official.Farmers too are disgruntled with government efforts. After failed attempts in getting MSP they are now selling the crop to beer companies in Uttar Pradesh and Haryana. \"Just announcing the MSP is not enough. They should have mentioned the standards too. Now we are selling our crop at lower prices,\" said Ramsingh Jat.The issue has become a bone of contention for government both inside and outside assembly. The farmers are gearing up for the agitation and as many as 50 MLA have put this question on the table in the running session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128742", "title": "Red regains stronghold as All India Students' Association sweeps JNU polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ultra-left body All India Students' Association (AISA) swept the Jawaharlal Nehru University Students' Union (JNUSU) polls on Saturday winning all four posts in the central panel. The JNU campus reverberated with slogans like 'laal salaam , 'Naxalbari laal salaam', 'Ganga dhaba laal hain, 'Central Library laal hain', 'aaj JNU laal hain', as news of the victory spread. Apart from the central panel posts, AISA also bagged 14 councillors' posts. However, there was dejection in Students' Federation of India (SFI) camp as it lost the posts to AISA.JNUSU elections were conducted on Thursday after a gap of four years and the results were declared after a 30-hour counting session.Representing AISA, PhD scholar from School of Social Sciences, Sucheta De won the presidential poll by defeating her closest rival, Zico Dasgupta of SFI, by a margin of 1,351 votes. Of the total 4,637 votes polled, De secured 2,102 votes. Abhishek Kumar Yadav, Ravi Prakash Singh and Mohd Firoz Ahamed won the posts of vice-president, general secretary and joint secretary respectively.Congratulating the winners, vice-chancellor of JNU, S K Sopory said, \"The JNU administration is looking forward to work with JNUSU and resolve students' issues in the campus.\"This is the second time - after 2007 elections - that AISA has managed to bag all the four central panel posts. But what has made the victory even more significant is AISA's triumph in the councillors' elections. It has won 14 of 30 seats, including a clean sweep in School of Languages and four of the five councillors posts at School of International Studies. In 1993, AISA had won three posts in the central panel.\"Despite a four-year lull, we continued to fight for the students' cause. This is a mandate against the opportunistic left which we have positively negated. It's a reflection of what is happening in the left bastion in the country,\" said De. \"This is also a mandate against the neo-liberal policies of the Centre,\" said Yadav.For CPM's student wing SFI - which has won the maximum number of times in the 31-year history of JNUSU - this is a major defeat. The body was pushed to the fourth position in the councillors' elections winning just two slots. The defeat comes just a fortnight after the organization lost the North Bengal University student union polls for the first time in 40 years. \"We need to go back to the drawing book, introspect and rectify our shortcomings,\" said Roshan, a senior SFI activist at the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12133093", "title": "Just move that body, darling!", "text": "Met an old friend at a coffee shop after years. Suddenly on an LCD mounted on one of the cafe walls, a song with Kareena Kapoor began to play. And my friend, ever so casually, remarked, \"I like seeing Kareena dance.\"That comment startled me. I mean, that statement was almost medieval. Momentarily, it transported me to the world of Amar Chitra Katha, where I used to read about apsaras dancing in front of Lord Indra. It reminded me of Mughal-e-Azam, with Madhubala playing the in-house naachnewali. And those hundreds of Hindi movies where the tawaifs from Pakeezah to Umrao Jaan danced for rich thakurs and the royalty.The dance bars were of course, the common man's version of entertainment , but one man spoiled that party for the rest. The bottom line is that Indian men feel important when they have a woman dancing in front of them. So, finally, there seems to be an explanation for all the song-anddance routine in our films. It's been said that dancing is a vertical expression of a horizontal intention. It all boils down to sex. Or the lack of it in our society. We like to keep things clean.At least, on the surface. So we have a Censor Board that acts like Edward Scissorhands on sex and nudity in our films. What's the best thing then? Put a woman in a wet sari or skimpy dress, stick her in the rain and ask her to dance. Everyone, from Yash Chopra to Priyanka Chopra and Raj Kapoor to Kareena Kapoor, thinks there's nothing wrong with that. And so the dancing continues. We are a sexually repressed nation. We can't have sex on screen, but, hey, we can dance. The movements are basically the same. On the bed, and the dance floor. Just move that body, darling, and keep them coming. I mean the audiences in theatres. What did you think?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12128717", "title": "Shehla Masood murder: Saba in CBI custody for three days", "text": "INDORE: Saba Farooqui, a close friend of interior designer Zahida Pervez - the accused of masterminding the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood -- was remanded in CBI custody for three days on Saturday after producing her before a local court here.A day after her arrest in Bhopal, Saba was charged with criminal conspiracy and was produced before Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Special Court magistrate Shubhra Singh, who sent her to custody till March 6.The CBI sought her remand for 10 days stating that the investigators wanted to interrogate Saba to know her links with other accused. But the CBI special magistrate granted the remand period only for three days.Saba's counsel Zahid Hassan Siddique opposed to the CBI remand, stating that his client was just a friend of Zahida and no prima-facie case was made against her so far. Saba's name also did not figure in the diary seized by the CBI during the raid at Zahida's Bhopal office two days.The CBI court on Wednesday had remanded Zahida and Saqib Ali alias Danger in the CBI custody till March 6. Meanwhile, the CBI on Saturday got production warrant to bring Irfan from Kanpur. He will be produced in the court on March 9.Masood was shot dead in the driving seat of her car from point blank range close to her residence in Koh-e-Fiza area on August 16. Zahida with the help of Danger had allegedly hired sharpshooter Shanu Alauga and Irfan from Kanpur to bump off Masood. Shanu was killed in a gang war (not linked to Masood murder) in Kanpur a few months back. Uttar Pradesh STF had arrested Irfan recently for his involvement in some other case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129854", "title": "NDA gets new deputy commandant", "text": "PUNE: Rear Admiral Anand Iyer has taken over as the new deputy commandant and chief instructor of the National Defence Academy (NDA) at Khadakwasla.He replaces Air Vice Marshal A S Bhonsle, who was transferred as senior officer in charge of administration at the headquarters, South Western Air Command.Iyer is an alumnus of the NDA's 53rd course and the Naval Academy. He was commissioned in the communications branch of the Indian Navy on January 1, 1980.He is a postgraduate from the Defence Services Staff College, Wellington, and from the Cranfield University in the United Kingdom . He also holds an M Phil degree on national security studies from the National Defence College.Apart from this, Iyer has undergone professional courses at Leningrad, Russia, and Cranfield University, UK.During a career spanning more than 30 years, he has held a mix of operational and staff appointments. A specialist in communication and electronic warfare, he has commanded Indian Naval Ships Kora, Ranvir and Mumbai.He has also held many staff and operational appointments at the naval headquarters in New Delhi. He was awarded the Vishisht Seva Medal by the President of India in recognition of his distinguished service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12128762", "title": "Two-day seminar at National Law Institute University begins", "text": "BHOPAL: A two-day seminar on 'Critical issues in international commercial arbitration' began at National Law Institute University (NLIU) began here on Saturday. The seminar is being organized by NLIU's Centre for Business and Commercial Laws (CBCL).CBCL convenor, Albin George Thomas, maintained that the purpose of the seminar is to foster academic interest and encourage research in the field of international commercial arbitration. \"On the conclusion of the conference, a proposal will be sent to the UGC elucidating the points of concern and loopholes in the existing legal system,\" he said.The organizers claimed that they have received 190 papers. In all, 50 best papers have been selected, which will be presented at the seminar. The best paper will be featured in a special issue to be brought out by NLIU on international commercial arbitration.The chief guest of the inaugural function, Prof Sukh Pal Singh, vice-chancellor of Hidayatullah National Law University, Raipur, delivered a keynote address. He delivered a speech on the development of international commercial arbitration and the history of arbitration in India. He also described commercial arbitration as an 'efficacious tool'.Prof Singh gave valuable suggestions for improvement of the legal regime, including the delocalization of international commercial arbitration, liberalization of domestic laws in keeping with the developments in science and technology and the establishment of an International Arbitration Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12129189", "title": "MSOs defer strike, pin hope on meeting with CM", "text": "INDORE: The multi system operators (MSOs), the industry term for cable companies, in the state have changed their tack now. After deferring their plan to embark on an indefinite strike from March 5 due to differences over the new taxation system, they are trying to discuss the new tax regime issue with chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan directly in a bid to sort out the issue.Talking to ToI on condition of anonymity, an executive at an Indore-based MSO said, \"We have sought the audience with the state CM. The date and time for it is still awaited. After getting the appointment, we will call on the CM to explain our stand on new tax system. We will decide further course of action only after the meeting with the CM. So, we have deferred our indefinite strike plan.\"The state high court in its February 7 order has instructed all those MSOs, that have above Rs 5 lakh turnover per annum, have to pay commercial taxes at 20% of their total turnover and it would be effective from April 1 last year itself.The MSO executive further said that they were quite hopeful that the CM would listen to their issue and would intervene in the matter.However, state finance minister Raghavji already provided some relief to the cable operators in his annual budget for the next fiscal in which he proposed to raise the turnover limit to Rs 10 lakh per annum, as against the current Rs 5 lakh mark. Moreover, as one of the members of the empowered group of state FMs, Raghavji has already raised the issue with the Centre urging it not to impose tax on those items, which were already taxed as they came under the state subject.If the Centre pays heed to the demand, it will simply mean removal of 10.3% service tax on the MSOs, imposed by the Centre on them now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12128462", "title": "DMRC officials mark safety week", "text": "JAIPUR: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) officials took the oath to promote safe work practices for prevention of accidents at work sites in Jaipur on Saturday.The DMRC, Jaipur has launched a safety awareness week, which started on March 1 and would conclude on March 7. \"During the week-long campaign, adherence to safety methods and procedures shall be emphasized at all levels,\" a DMRC official said.On the occasion, DMRC project director Lalit Meghnani gave away the safety award for the year 2011-12 to M/s ITD Cementation for best safety practices at the underground station at Chandpole. The selection was made by a designated committee of Delhi Metro that adjudged the contracting firm based on various safety parameters.The official said, \"The safety week is being celebrated with the objective to instill the significance of safety in our lives, in our interest and that of our families, community, and the nation as a whole. The safety week is observed to mark the national safety day which falls on March 4 every year.\"This campaign, in the form of safety week, has significantly contributed to reduction in the rate of industrial accidents and created widespread safety awareness amongst workers and all others involved in industrial projects, he claimed.In Jaipur, the DMRC has given June-end as the deadline to complete the metro rail project from Chandpole to Mansarovar. The work is on in full swing but its still lagging behind as per the schedule. Besides, the work on the other route -Ambabadi to Sitapura industrial area - is yet to begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127873", "title": "Murderer told kin about location", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Five-year-old Dhruvi Jaiwal's charred body was discovered in the ravines alongside the Narmada canal on Thursday. And Dhruvi's parents learnt of the location of the body first, not the police. This startling fact was revealed by the police on Saturday. When the parents were asked who had given them the information, they replied that it was Dolly, Dhruvi's aunt.The police patiently asked about the phone call that Dolly had made on March 1. \"The parents claimed that Dolly was possessed by a spirit that told her that Dhruvi's body was lying in a ravine in Bhatia village,\" said a senior police official. \"This is how Dolly came under suspicion. tnn\" When Dolly was detained, she offered an alibi. \"We asked her about her whereabouts at the time of the abduction and she claimed that she was at home in Dehgam,\" the police official said. \"However, some eyewitnesses had said that they had spotted the woman in Talod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12135577", "title": "Catholic leader opposes bid to legalise gay-marriage", "text": "LONDON: The Catholic Church seems to be heading for a showdown with Prime Minister David Cameron , as one of its most senior figures has voiced his opposition to the government's plan of legalising same-sex marriage.Cardinal Keith O'Brien, the leader of the Catholic Church in Scotland , says the proposals to allow same-sex unions are \"madness\" and a \"grotesque subversion of a universally accepted human right\".The cardinal's intervention, in an article written by him for a British daily, is the strongest criticism yet from any church figure of the plans, which are due to be unveiled this month by Lynne Featherstone , the equalities minister.He accused ministers of trying to \"redefine reality\" and change long-standing laws and traditions \"at the behest of a small minority of activists\".The cardinal has added his voice to those of leading figures in the Coalition for Marriage, a group of bishops, politicians and lawyers opposed to the changes. The group's supporters include Lord Carey, the former Archbishop of Canterbury, the Daily Telegraph reported.The group is in outright opposition to Cameron, who hopes to make legislation changing the legal definition of marriage to include same-sex couples, expected by 2015, one of the central achievements of his time in office.Featherstone is to launch a consultation on how the changes will come about this month. Despite opposition from some sections of his party, the Prime Minister has personally associated himself with the proposals.Cameron had told last year's Tory conference in Manchester , \"I don't support gay marriage in spite of being a Conservative. I support gay marriage because I am a Conservative.\"Last week his spokesman said he was \"passionate\" about the issue.Cardinal O'Brien, the only British Catholic to be part of the College of Cardinals, the body which elects popes, accuses ministers of showing \"intolerance\" and coming up with plans that would \"shame the United Kingdom in the eyes of the world\".Featherstone, however, has argued that marriage is \"owned by the people\" and that governments have a duty to change laws to bolster the \"underlying principles of family, society and personal freedoms\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "aldona", "code": "12129046", "title": "Catch them young, watch them vote", "text": "ALDONA: The BJP's strategy to catch hold of young and first-time voters through social media like facebook came to the fore on Saturday in this Catholic-dominated constituency, while \"seasoned\" minds had a tough time putting their finger on the 'Lotus' button as Aldona witnessed a triangular fight between the Congress, BJP and Trinamool Congress (TC). The BJP put up a Catholic face in Glen Ticlo in a constituency represented by Congress candidate Dayanand Narvekar since the late 1970s barring two terms.A couple of youngsters had no qualms telling STOI that they preferred to vote for Ticlo as he was a young candidate. \"Congress is corrupt and we want a change,\" a youngster said. Another youth pointed out that Manohar Parrikar even had a facebook account where he wished all his friends on their birthdays. That the BJP has taken up campaigning through social media seriously is proof of the fact that several BJP supporters are working hard with propaganda on Goan forums on facebook promising all things good if Parrikar comes to power.A middle-aged man though deferred from this trend. \"I was going to vote for Ticlo, but when I saw the lotus, my hand went elsewhere,\" he said.\"We have seen BJP rule and we know what the BJP can do. These youngsters know nothing as they spend most of their time on the internet and are forgetting the real world outside. A BJP candidate in North Goa is a big time matka dealer from Aldona. So much for corruption-free governance that they promise,\" said another middle-aged man.It is mistrust of the BJP as expressed by such persons that Narvekar hopes will help him battle the growing anti-incumbency in the constituency. \"We don't want Narvekar to win this time. He has had enough of chances in Aldona. Anybody else will do. Just give us a new face,\" said a resident, who cast his vote in favour of Ticlo.But another voter said he felt a sense of deja vu to a similar situation in 1994. \"In 1994, there was the anti-incumbency against Narvekar and most of us voted for MGP candidate Ratnakar Chopdekar, who won. But, those five years saw goons get a free hand to do as they pleased in Aldona and there were even gang fights. Now, there is anti-incumbency against Narvekar again. But, there are anti-Narvekar people who are ruffians and are associating with Ticlo. We don't want these goons to rule again like they did during Chopdekar's time. Narvekar is lucky to get our votes again. The medium of instruction stance taken by the Congress may also help him survive,\" he said.Aldona constituency comprises the villages of Aldona, Moira, Nachinola, Bastora, Ucassaim, Ecoxim and two wards- Peddem and Camarcazana-Acoi in Mapusa. The two wards in Mapusa were part of Mapusa constituency in the 2007 assembly election. \"We identify with Mapusa town as we live in it and not with Aldona constituency. We were shocked to know about it when we received sweets and an invite to attend Narvekar's daughter's reception!\" said a resident of Peddem.TC candidate Dr Wilfred de Souza, meanwhile, looks to score points on the MoI and the anti-incumbency wave against Narvekar. \"Willy may be old, but he is an astute administrator. Many of those not wanting to vote for Congress voted for TC because of the party's stance on MoI,\" said a resident of Aldona. De Souza's age, however, has been a big factor going against him.March 6 will reveal who will be the winner, loser and who was the spoiler.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128633", "title": "Peeved BJP leaders meet Gadkari over poll panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior BJP leaders are unhappy over the composition of the16-member state corporation election committee set up by the party. While BJP is sparing no efforts to get Poorvanchali votes to sail through the corporation elections, party heavyweights like Lal Bihari Tiwari, Anil Jha, Poonam Azad, who had earlier wooed them for the party, were left out from the committee.Sources said senior party leaders, who couldn't make it to the election committee, approached BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Saturday informing him of their displeasure.They were assured by him the matter will be taken up with the BJP brass after results of the Assembly elections held in five states - Uttar Pradesh, Manipur, Goa,Uttarakhand and Punjab -- are declared.The committee has been tasked to draw up a list of BJP candidates to be fielded by the party in the MCD elections. Defending the composition of the committee, BJP leaders said the panel includes representatives from different castes and communities.\"I am clueless about those complaining for not being part of the panel. Only 16 members can comprise the panel besides three special invitees,\" said Vijender Gupta, BJP state president and a member of the election committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12129392", "title": "Boy \u2018hit\u2019 by class monitor, sets off child rights debate", "text": "NASHIK: A student of class VI at Nirmala Convent High School was prevented from sitting in the class on February 24 and was asked to stop going to the school from the next day, because of his alleged mischief. The young boy's parents, while accepting that their child is hyperactive, allege that the child was punished often.\"On February 24, I was returning a compass borrowed from a classmate during our free period. But the class monitor hit me, so I hit him back and we were both taken to the principal.\" He added that the principal told him not to come to school from the next day and asked his parents to meet her.The child's parents say that when they sent their ward to school on February 27, the principal asked the student to sit outside the class for half a day. The child did not want to attend school and after two days, when the parents sent him to school again on March 1, the student was made to sit outside the principal's office from 8am to 10 am, the parents reportedly said. The school authorities said that they had called the parents for discussions and have refuted all allegations made by the parents and the student.\"We believe dialogue is always better so we had called the parents and had a good dialogue. His son is attending class today,\" said the school's principal Sister Assiss Fernandes.\"I agree that my child is hyperactive but this is no way to treat him. The teachers have labelled him as mischief monger. The monitor beat him. They asked me to send him only for the final exams not for the regular school till then and now they are denying it ,\" the student's father said.The parents also alleged that the class teacher also hit their child, which is an offence. But the school has denied all allegations, saying the case had been dealt with patiently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12130324", "title": "Lecturer suspended for making sexual advances", "text": "SHIMLA: A 50-year-old lecturer at District Institute of Education and Training (DIET), Dharamshala, has been suspended on the charges of making sexual advancement towards a first year girl student enrolled in the Junior Basic Teachers (JBT) course. The matter came to light after victim's parents approached the principal.The incident occurred on Thursday evening when the girl, along with other classmates, was busy completing a survey assigned by the State Council of Education Research and Training. \"There were 68 students present there, but the lecturer, S P Sharma, called the victim inside his room and caught her by hand and tried to outrage her modesty. An inquiry conducted by the sexual harassment committee of DIET confirmed the allegations and on the direction of director, higher education, we have suspended the lecturer,\" said principal Dev Raj Sharma.Sharma said though the incident took place on Thursday, he came to know about it only after the girl's parents approached him with the complaint. He added that the girl also submitted a written complaint alleging that the accused teacher had called her to his room on the pretext of some work and when she went there after the class he tried to outrage her modesty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12136589", "title": "Minor arrested for axing father to death", "text": "VADODARA: A 17 year-old boy has been arrested on charges of killing his father Shanti Shana Rathwa in Dhoriavi village of Pavijetour taluka in the district, police said.Talking to PTI over phone today, police said \"Sunil Rathwa allegedly axed his father to death after a dispute between the deceased and his uncle Mahindra Rathwa.\"In his complaint with the police, Mahindra Rathwa said \"his nephew killed his (complainant's) brother. The police have also recovered the axe used for the purpose, police said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12130237", "title": "71% Panjab University students pop pills at will", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University students believe in healing themselves. A study has found that over 71% medical students are intoself medication, the 64% who do consult a doctor, admit never having followed the recommended dose of medicines. The research was conducted by Dr Suruchi Aditya of Dr HSJ Institute of Dental Sciences, PU, along with a student Utkarsha of BDS (second year).Incidentally, a majority of medical students who were also a part of the study were the least lot to consult a doctor. The study also revealed that 6% students never check the expiry date of medicines. Out of the total PU students who were questioned through a structured questionnaire, 68% respondents were females and 22% males, all between age group of 18-21.Their research paper, \"Self-medication among dental students of tertiary healthcare hospital\" was also released during the Chandigarh Science Congress recently. \"Self mediation can be very harmful since one cannot predict the side effects. Surprising results were revealed in the study including the fact that 55% students did not even know the harmful effects of medicines they were consuming,\" said Dr Aditya.Key findings of the study also showed that 72% students had faith on the Allopathic system, 21% on Homeopathic and 12% on Ayurvedic medicine. \"The study found that among medicines for fever and pain, students largely used antipyretics and analgesics on their own,\" added Dr Aditya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12128765", "title": "Salt Lake autos to be regularised", "text": "KOLKATA: Illegal autos may soon be a thing of the past in Salt Lake. The Bidhannagar commissionerate has now decided to regularise all autos within its jurisdiction.Ten spots have been identified in Salt Lake where traffic management needs to be improved and where most of the autos ply or have stands - Karunamoyee Island, Baisakhi Island, PNB Island, EZCC More, around City Centre, CA Island, Kwality More,Central Park and between Hudco near Ultadanga and PNB Island on the First Avenue.\"We will ensure that auto drivers don't drop off passengers in the middle of the road, triggering chaos, and that vehicles are properly parked, at least 30 meters away from crossings,\" said Bidhannagar commissionerate DC (Traffic) Bharatlal Meena.A police team will visit these spots and ask auto drivers to follow the rules. After a few weeks, they will start conducting raids to catch offending auto drivers, put up new fare charts and specify routes. Police will also talk with the auto unions on this matter.Residents said there was an urgent need to stop this problem of autos standing on the roadside and picking up more than four passengers. \"They trigger traffic chaos at these junctions. This needs to be checked,\" said retired DGP B P Saha, a local resident. Police will also look into the matter of autos without valid permits plying along several stretches, including Sector V and Rajarhat.More than 100 auto-rickshaws have recently started plying from different points of Salt Lake to New Town's main arterial road. Only a handful of autos have the route written on them. It is clear that those autos have the permit to ply from Salt Lake to Ultadanga or from Ultadanga to Baguiati. The rest of them are new vehicles with no route written on them.Auto drivers said many of these don't have valid permits. \"There are too many autos plying between Ultadanga and Salt Lake and there is a high demand for autos along other routes. We also have to fend for ourselves. So we shifted to a new route - from Salt Lake Baishaki to DLF Building,\" said an auto driver. They said they would be happy if the route is legalized. \"Commuters depend on us because there are very few buses available along this route,\" said another auto driver.The drivers know the problems involved, but are helpless as their vehicles serve as the lifeline for commuters. \"Though the number of public transport has increased, they are far from adequate and we have to depend on these autos and shuttle cars,\" said an IT employee.The Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) is aware of the transport problems in Rajarhat and is taking steps. \"We have requested the transport department to deploy additional buses in New Town. There is a need to manage these autos and the police's attention has been drawn to the menace caused by them. The matter will be taken up once more buses come in,\" said a senior Hidco official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12133881", "title": "Pak approaches Interpol for Red Corner notice for Musharraf", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has approached France-based Interpol for a Red Corner notice against former President Pervez Musharraf, seeking his arrest and extradition to the country over his alleged involvement in the assassination of ex-Premier Benazir Bhutto .The Interior Ministry has forwarded the request to the Interpol Secretariat through the global police organisation's representative in Pakistan, the Dawn newspaper reported today, quoted sources.Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) senior prosecutor, Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, said a letter had earlier been sent to the Director of Interpol (Pakistan) by the officer leading the investigation into Bhutto's assassination in 2007.The formal request states that 68-year-old Musharraf, who has been living in self-exile in Dubai and Britain since 2009, is an accused in the case.The investigating officer handed over to the Interpol director in Pakistan investigation reports, copies of statements by then director-general of ISI's counter-intelligence wing Javed Iqbal Cheema and former Intelligence Bureau director general Ejaz Shah, US-based journalist Marc Siegel's email to Bhutto and copies of orders issued by an anti-terrorism court.The letter sent by email to Interpol Pakistan on February 2 stated: \"Secretary General of Interpol Secretariat Lyon (France) is requested to issue 'red warrants' for Pervez Musharraf, former President of Pakistan, and arrest him through Interpol. A copy of red notice may please be furnished to this ministry.\"The email mentioned the computerised national identity card number of Musharraf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12127764", "title": "NALSA chairman bats for giving institutional form to legal aid services", "text": "PATNA: Supreme Court (SC) judge and National Legal Services Authority (NALSA) chairman Altamas Kabir has said it is imperative to provide institutional frame to mandatory legal aid services in the country so that legal aids and services continued to be provided to the poor given that they remain either uninformed about their rights or lack access to judicial delivery mechanism.Stating this while delivering the inaugural address at the two-day 10th All-ndia Meet of State Legal Authorities hosted jointly by state government and Bihar State Legal Services Authority (BSLSA) at Rabindra Bhawan here on Saturday, Justice Kabir said the thrust of NALSA had shifted from being \"court centric\" in handling various disputes through lok adalat to addressing \"social and cultural problem areas\" facing legal aid. He called upon judges, legal fraternity and all other stakeholders in the justice delivery mechanism to come out of the limits of monetary gain and career pursuits. \"We are not here to just make money or career. There is more to it,\" Justice Kabir said, adding: \"We must also give back to society what we take from it.\"Justice Kabir also favoured inclusion of legal aid in school curriculum as had been achieved by Sikkim government. In the same vein, he said the legal aid camps, clinics and centres had to be held right down to the village or panchayat levels since the \"poor and needy\" requiring free legal aid -- identified as people below poverty line (BPL) - lived in villages.Besides, training had to be given to students in law colleges and universities to \"sensitize\" them on such matters, apart from creating trained para legal volunteers (PLVs) to inform people about their lawful rights, distribute books and pamphlets and facilitate access to legal aid mechanism for justice through advice, Justice Kabir said. He appealed to delegates and representatives from across the country to have open and free discussion to get proper feedback on the problems being faced in the justice delivery mechanism through lok adalats and also find the ways to expand scope of legal aid activities.Earlier, Supreme Court justice Dalveer Bhandari, who is also chairman of Legal Service Committee, while tracing the emergence of legal aid system, said it had become more relevant now, because the cost of seeking justice had increased enormously. On the other hand, Justice S J Mukhopadhyaya of the Supreme Court stressed on the \"reformatory role\" of the judges, while Patna high court Chief Justice Rekha M Doshit noted that the government had been the \"largest litigant\", and, therefore, there was need to settle disputes amicably.CM Nitish Kumar , who was chief guest on the occasion, said the Centre ought to set up an independent commission with constitutional rights on the pattern of Election Commission to identify BPL families and beneficiaries. He elaborated steps being taken in the state - like starting Mobile Lok Adalat (2006), Land Dispute Resolution Tribunal (2009) and Gram Kutchahary under Panchayati Raj system - to resolve disputes and benefit the litigants. He said while the Mobile Lok Adalat had disposed of 3.93 lakh cases, the lok adalats have disposed of 4.29 lakh other cases between 2006 and 2011. Law minister Narendra Narayan Yadav also spoke on the occasion. Patna high court judge and BSLSA chairman Shiva Kirti Singh said 8,000 PLVs had been trained in the state. Patna high court judge V N Sinha offered the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129969", "title": "Minimum temperature rises to 12.2 degrees celsius", "text": "PUNE: After recording the decade's lowest minimum temperature for March at 8.8 degrees Celsius on Friday, the night temperature in the city went 3.4 notches up to register 12.2 degrees Celsius on Saturday. This was two notches below normal.The day temperature too has gone up marginally from Friday's 32.2 degrees Celsius to 33.6 degrees Celsius on Saturday. This was equal to the normal mark for the day.The India Meterological Department (IMD) has forecast the minimum temperature to rise further to around 13 degrees Celsius in the next 24 hours before coming down to 12 degrees Celsius in the 24 hours thereafter. The day temperature is expected to go up to 35 degrees Celsius in the next 48 hours.Officials at the IMD's Shivajinagar observatory say that day and night temperatures would fluctuate owing to the prevailing westerly system.A western disturbance prevails over north Pakistan and neighbourhood and is likely to move east-northeastwards. \"Temperatures are likely to come down once this system moves away from the Indian region,\" an IMD official said.Day temperatures were above normal in parts of central Maharashtra belt, stretching from Nashik/Jalgaon in the north and Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre and in Vidarbha region.On the other hand, the night temperatures were below normal in some parts of Konkan and Goa, which includes Mumbai; central Maharashtra and Vidarbha.Satara in central Maharashtra recorded the coldest night in the state on Saturday at 11.1 degrees Celsius while Chandrapur in Vidarbha recorded the hottest day at 36.2 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12137280", "title": "Citizens' body wants land pattas in budget session", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Brihattar Guwahati Mati Pattakarn Sangram Samiti, a citizens' body formed to demand land pattas for city dwellers urged the state government to announce land pattas for 85,000 families of Guwahati during the ongoing budget session of the state assembly on Sunday.Prabin Jyoti Kalita, general secretary of the samiti, appealed to the government to grant land pattas to about 5,000 families of the greater Birubari area immediately as they are living here for years, that is, even before India got its independence.\"In Sankarpur, whichis also under the greater Birubari area, 1,000 families have been deprived of land pattas. We would like to appeal to the state government to stop delaying the issue of granting land patta any longer,\" he said.Kalita alleged, \"Chief minister Tarun Gogoi constituted a special committee under the chairmanship of former minister Bhumidhar Barman last year to look into the issue but the committee has not taken the matter seriously and has not convened a single meeting from January to March.\"A committee named Sankarpur Mati Pattakaran Sangram Samiti was formed on Sunday for raising land-related issues of the people of Sankarpur area in Guwahati. A survey revealed that 85,000 families are presently living in Guwahati without land pattas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12130395", "title": "Staffers foil bid to rob bank", "text": "KARNAL: Alertness shown by the staff of Oriental Bank of Commerce helped them foil a bid by three miscreants to rob the bank, located in Taraori grain market of the town.According to police, the incident took place in the afternoon on Saturday when three masked men armed with country-made pistols entered the bank premises and tried to hold the staffers hostage. As one of them placed a country-made pistol on the temple of the security guard, an employee reacted and managed to overpower the miscreants. In the meantime, cashier of the bank pressed the alarm button, which caused panic amongst the robbers and they fled from the scene, leaving behind one of the pistols.SHO Baljit Singh said the bank staffers did manage to note the number of the motorcycle used by the miscreants to flee from the scene. He said the whole incident had been recorded by the CCTV cameras. They said that at the time of the incident the bank was holding a cash of Rs 40 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "macherla", "code": "12128126", "title": "Fake Maoist held for extortion", "text": "MACHERLA: A man who posed as a naxalite and tried to extort money from local businessmen was caught by police in Veldurthy village on Saturday.The accused Kondalu, had worked with a vernacular daily as a reporter in the village. He is alleged to have collected large amount of money from the local farmers for getting sanctions for their agriculture pump set connections.The farmers started pressuring him for repayment of the amounts after he failed to get the connections approved. Left with no option, Kondalu hatched a plan to collect money from local rich people with the assistance of a former sarpanch Lakshminarayana, said A Ravichandra, SP (rural). Both pasted pamphlets on the walls of the ZP high school in the name of Maoists. They issued warnings to some select rich of the village with the intention of telephoning them and demanding payment.However, they were nabbed by the locals when they were trying to paste similar posters for the second time. Upon being grilled, Kondalu confessed to planning the extortion and that he had paid the entire amount collected from the farmers to the electricity engineers but had failed to get the connections.SP said that were any Maoists in the district and that the villagers should bring to their notice if they receive any such threats. Police produced both the accused in the local court, which sent them to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12137317", "title": "Assam struggles to bring down infant mortality rate", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government has taken up several initiatives to bring down infant mortality rate (IMR) and maternal mortality rate (MMR), but lack of awareness among the public regarding institutional delivery and poor communication facility in the villages, have stopped the schemes from becoming a success. At present the state's IMR (58 per 1,000 live births) and MMR (351 per one lakh live deliveries) are among the highest in the country.Abani Goswami, a senior health official, said: \"The government has launched several schemes - Janani Suraksha Yojna was started in 2005,Mamoni was launched in 2009 and Mamata was started in 2010 - but they have not been very successful as people in remote areas still avoid institutional delivery and prefer local midwives who are not trained to handle critical cases. Other than that, most patients die on the way to the hospital even if ambulances are sent to villages owing to poor communication facilities and bad roads.The role of the local panchayat and local villagers is also very poor as there are few awareness campaigns in the villages and most of the people are not aware of the schemes launched by the government for rural women and child.Goswami said: \"The health department has introduced several schemes for mother and child in rural areas, but most people are not aware of these schemes. There is very less co-operation between the village panchayat and the health department and we are not getting any support from their end.\"But in spite of the drawbacks, organisations like NRHM have introduced several initiatives to bring down the MMR and IMR. Atul Sarmah, child health consultant NRHM, said: \"The main reason of high IMR is neo-natal deaths - or death of the child within a month of delivery. Presently, neo-natal deaths in the state is 39 per 1,000, and if this could be reduced, the IMR will definitely come down.\"He also said: \"We have started neo-natal sterilizations unit in various districts. Right now, around 100 are functioning in different parts of the state. Other than that, special newborn care units have also been started and 12 of them are already functioning with more likely to come up soon.\"Also, for those who still opt for non-institutional delivery, NRHM is training ASHA workers for home-based newborn care where the mother is instructed on how to protect the child from infection and how to breastfeed the child for 42 days after birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12131654", "title": "Militants lob grenade at Manipur poll candidate's house", "text": "IMPHAL: Militants exploded a powerful grenade at the house of Congress candidate E Chand Singh of Yaiskul assembly constituency in Imphal East district of Manipur, police said today.The militants hurled the grenade at Singh's house at Yonglan area near here last night but no casualty was reported.Singh and his family members were present at the time of the incident.Coordination committee (CORCOM) of seven major insurgent organisations claimed that they were responsible for the incident.In another incident, two militants who tried to plant bomb at the house of Congress candidate Bijoy Koijam of Thongju assembly constituency in Imphal West district were arrested last evening, sources said.CORCOM had attacked Congress candidates and exploded at their supporters before and after the election on January 28 saying that the party was against the 'revolutionary movement' in the state.Elections 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12129538", "title": "KSRTC\u2019s SMS facility not functional", "text": "KOCHI: The much-touted SMS facility introduced by the Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) to help passengers know bus timings seems to be a failure. Passengers find it not at all user-friendly because they have to keep a list of station codes if they want to use the facility. Besides, there is no guarantee that the transport corporation will reply even if you send an SMS.KSRTC's SMS format requires passengers to key in the codes of boarding stations and destination points to know bus timings. Passengers will have to follow the format `KSRTC - space - starting depot code - space - destination depot code' to send an SMS enquiry to the number 537252.Though the transport corporation promises to provide a list of 20 buses on getting the SMS, commuters who have tried this service get a response stating that the service is not available.\"I tried to get information on bus services between Ernakulam and Alappuzha. But I got a reply that the service is not available. I decided to check the efficiency of the system by keying in codes of other stations. But I got the same reply,\" says Manjith, a resident of Kochi.\"The facility also does not come free of cost,'' he says. \"The mobile service providers charge higher for such SMSs.\"KSRTC introduced the service as part of its much-hyped M-governance project, which is included in the 100-day programme of the state government. To enable the facility, KSRTC used the services developed by the Kerala State IT Mission. The transport corporation claims that the facility is available for superfast and upper class services, certain fast passenger services and some important services.Kerala State Road Transport Corporation chairman and managing director K G Mohanlal says that the corporation is aware of the irregularities of the SMS facility. \"There is a need to revamp the online facilities of Kerala State Road Transport Corporation. I have received complaints regarding the current system. We have plans to introduce a better website with more passenger-friendly options,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12128725", "title": "Ticked off by brother, youth commits suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: Ticked off over talking to his girlfriend, a 21-year-old youth allegedly committed suicide on Friday. The Kolar police said the deceased, Anil Yadav, a resident of Krishna Society, had locked himself inside a room in the house when his elder brother, Ravi, allegedly scolded him for talking to a girl on mobile phone in the evening.However, when he did not come out for long, the family broke open the door only to find the body hanging. Later, the police reached the spot and recovered the body for autopsy.The police said exact reason for the extreme could not be ascertained as they did not recover any suicide note from the spot. Statements from the family suggest that he got angry after his brother scolded him for talking to his girlfriend on the phone.The deceased hailed from Sagar and came here six months ago. Police said the deceased along with his brother was employed as a security guard at Institute for Excellence in Higher Education (IEHE) in Kaliasot.The body was handed over to the family members after the autopsy. Efforts are on to find out the exact reason for the extreme step, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129936", "title": "12 accused in sarpanch murder case acquitted", "text": "PUNE: Almost five years after former sarpanch Ananta Padale of Mangaon in Mulshi taluka was shot dead at Ahinsa chowk in Chinchwad, the court of special judge Shirish Gadge acquitted 12 accused due to discrepancies in the prosecution's evidence. Padale was shot dead over a land dispute on April 20, 2007.The crime branch, Pune had arrested the suspects and filed a charge-sheet against in the murder case.The prosecution had relied on the evidence of 63 witnesses, including seven eyewitnesses, for proving its case against the suspects.The defence lawyer Santosh Bhagwat representing the suspects told the court that the victim's brother had filed a plea with the police alleging the involvement Ramdas Pashankar and four others in the murder, but the police, during investigations, had discharged them under section 169 of the Criminal Procedure Code.Bhagwat pointed out discrepancies in the evidence of eyewitnesses as some of them had identified three assailants in the test identification parade, but they had failed to identity them before the court. On the contrary, some witnesses had identified the assailants before the court, but they had not identified them in the identification parade.Bhagwat submitted that three eyewitnesses in the cross examination had deposed that the police had shown them photographs of some of the suspects before their identification parade was held.The lawyer said the confessional statements of four suspects, including the main assailant, Santosh Shinde, was recorded by four deputy commissioners of police in violation of Bombay HC guidelines. The confessionals statements contradicted the evidence of eye witnesses.He contended that a policeman in cross examination had admitted that two suspects Bhaiya alias Malhari Lengre and Laxman Pawarwere arrested from a lodge at Somwar Peth on June 8, 2007, but the record showed that they were arrested near Pune railway station on the next day.He argued that the prosecution had failed to prove charges that the suspects were members of an organized crime syndicate and that they had committed the alleged crime for obtaining pecuniary benefits.The court acquitted the suspects Amol Yadav, Bhaiya alias Malhari Lengre, Laxman Pawar, Rakesh Bharne, Jaideep Mane, Sanjay Kumkar, Vijay Bhosale, Santosh Gade, Suraj Wadghare, Chetan Nikalje, Santosh Shinde and Ashok Sawant under sections of IPC, Arms Act and MCOCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12128470", "title": "Government panel holds talks with in service doctors", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after in-service doctors threatened to skip Holi celebrations, a sub-cabinet committee constituted by the state government held a meeting with the doctors' representatives to resolve the dispute.The doctors had decided to protest against the government for not reinstating their status as on December 20, 2011. In the 11-day agitation by the doctors, 12 doctors were terminated from their service, and several were transferred, while some were booked under violation of RESMA (Rajasthan Essential Services Maintenance Act).On Saturday, the panel comprising health minister AA Khan, power minister Jitendra Singh , industry minister Rajendra Pareek, minister of state for home Virendra Beniwal told the doctors about the government's efforts towards fulfilling their demands.\"Due respect will be given to doctors' sentiments and feelings,\" said Pareek.The discussion centred over reinstating the status of the doctors and withdrawing the termination orders.Post meeting, the doctors' representatives expressed satisfaction over the ministers listening to their demands.However, the in service doctors are yet to withdraw the call on not celebrating Holi.All Rajasthan in Service Doctors Association general secretary Nasrin Bharti said, \"It took only 24 hours for the government to dismiss 12 doctors but now 2 months have passed and no decision has been taken to reinstate them. We request the chief minister to reinstate the status before Holi.\"The association has also called a meeting of office bearers in all the districts on March 6 to discuss future strategy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12134654", "title": "Fusion must not become confusion: P Unnikrishnan", "text": "You are at once struck by this singer's deep understanding of music, and passion to keep learning and improvising at the same timeBeing a renowned Carnatic vocalist for over two decades and into playback singing for almost the same amount of time, Unnikrishnan welcomes the fusion of Western music and beats in today's films, while at the same time sounding a word of caution.\"The world of music is undergoing an evolution. It is much like in cricket, where we first had only test matches, then one-day games and now 20-20. Music has evolved from classical to light and now fusion,\" the singer says.\"While technology has become such an integral part of music, with today's music directors having the advantage of programmed softwares and beats to aid them, they must ensure that fusion doesn't become confusion by making all songs and beats repetitive,\" he cautions.Having recently returned from a concert tour to the USA and Canada , Unnikrishnan confesses that there are a lot of takers for classical music there.\"The audience in the USA has a deep understanding of Carnatic music, and it was a real pleasure to be able to perform in front of a knowledgeable audience there,\" he points out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12129494", "title": "High court comes to rescue of wrongly accused woman", "text": "MUMBAI: Thirty-year-old Kalpana Shukla was brutally assaulted, had a criminal case registered against her, arrested and the police even initiated chapter proceedings against her. Her fault: two years ago she had complained against two persons in her locality to the narcotics bureau.\"The facts disclosed by this petition should shake the conscience of any citizen. For a more sensitive citizen it may even lead to loss of faith in the police machinery,\" the Bombay high court said on Friday.The high court finally came to her rescue. Justice R P Sondurbaldota ordered the state CID to carry out further investigation in her case. The court also directed police commissioner Arup Patnaik to take action against three officers of the Dindoshi police station-sub inspectors M H Chaudhari, Anant Abhang and Rameshwar Supale.\"The Commissioner of Police, Mumbai shall cause an inquiry to be made into the manner in which the investigation was conducted by the three officers and any other person and take appropriate departmental action against them.\"The court expressed shock over the fact that the lone woman witness who supported Kalpana was threatened by the accused, her complaints to the police ignored and she had to leave Mumbai. \"The complete inefficiency and neglect on the part of the concerned officers can be seen from this fact,\" said the judge.Kalpana, a law student, also runs a fashion designing business out of her shop in Malad. Her problems began when she complained to the anti-narcotics bureau about one Noorjahan Gani selling drugs in her locality on May 11, 2009. The next day Noorjahan and her daughter Nasreen allegedly threatened her after the anti-narcotics bureau carried out raids.A couple of days later, she was attacked with rods by Noorjahan, Nasreen and four other men, who also attempted to strip her. The attack left her unconscious and Kalpana regained her consciousness the next day at Bhagwati hospital where she had been brought by a police constable from Dindoshi police station. Kalpana then realized the police had lodged an FIR against her for throwing a stone at one Reshma Shaikh in a fight over water from a locality tap. She was arrested and released on bail. Kalpana's problems continued when police initiated chapter proceedings against her - these are generally preventive actions invoked against criminals in an area.When Kalpana's plea to the magistrate for further inquiry into her case was dismissed, she moved the high court. \"It is a singular case of being hounded not just by persons with criminal antecedents engaged in illegal activities, but, also by the police, who are the protectors and enforcers of law,'' said advocate Mallika Ingale, counsel for Kalpana. The HC rapped the police conduct and pointed out \"gross deficiencies in the investigation\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128279", "title": "CM\u2019s foes may go for kill after bypolls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy might not perceive an immediate threat to his government due to the disqualification of 16 Congress MLAs by speaker Nadendla Manohar on Friday, but his detractors are sharpening the knives to plot his downfall after the bypolls to these assembly constituencies are held in a few months from now.Apart from disqualifying the 16 Congress MLAs loyal to YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy for having defied the party whip during the voting on the no-confidence motion moved by the TDP in the assembly in December last year, the speaker on Friday had accepted the resignation of erstwhile PRP legislator Shoba Nagi Reddy. As a result, by-elections to 17 assembly seats will become inevitable within six months, of which almost all of them, barring that of Konda Sureka, fall in the Seema-Andhra regions.What should be a cause of worry for the CM camp is that the detractors of Kiran Kumar are waiting for the results of the bypolls for the seven assembly seats that are scheduled to take place on March 18. \"Of these seven seats, six fall in the Telangana region while the seventh is in Nellore district. As things stand today, the Congress cannot expect to win any of these seven seats, barring perhaps one seat in Mahbubnagar,\" admitted a CM aide.The Congress sources claimed that the CM's detractors are planning to begin the campaign to oust him after the results of the March 18 bypolls are declared. \"Our reading is that in the bypolls for the 17 assembly seats, the Congress cannot expect to win more than one or two. Since the bypolls to 24 assembly seats can be considered a referendum on the leadership of Kiran Kumar Reddy, we will launch an aggressive campaign for his removal once the results are out,\" said a CM baiter.The problem for Kiran Kumar at this juncture is that almost all the seniors both in the cabinet and in the assembly are rallied against him. These include deputy chief minister C Damodar Raja Narasimha, transport minister and PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana, health minister D L Ravindra Reddy, panchayat raj minister K Jana Reddy, excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana. The senior leaders outside the cabinet who are waiting for an opportunity to bring down the CM include J C Diwakar Reddy, Gade Venkat Reddy and P Shankar Rao.Another factor that can go against Kiran Kumar Reddy is that many fence-sitters can walk over to the Jagan camp in case the bypoll verdicts are against the ruling party. These include at least a dozen Congress MLAs from the Seema-Andhra regions including the likes of C Adhinarayana Reddy from Kadapa district who have been held back by the CM camp, but who are sure to join the Jagan brigade in case the YSR candidates win by a massive margin in the bypolls. \"All in all, the coming months will be worrisome for Kiran Kumar Reddy,\" claimed the Congress sources.The problem for Kiran Kumar is that, almost all the seniors both in the cabinet and in the Assembly are rallied against him including deputy CM C Damodar Raja Narasimha, transport minister and PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12128889", "title": "LPG crisis likely to dampen festive spirit", "text": "VARANASI: Long queues of locals waiting for delivery of domestic LPG cylinders were seen at various gas agencies in the city on Saturday.The acute crisis of LPG cylinders is set to dampen the festive spirit in the city. If the reports of Varanasi LPG Distributors Association (VLDA) are to be believed, the backlog of pending bookings and complaints would take almost a month to overcome the crisis, suggesting no immediate respite from the crisis.While the situation turned volatile at some places like Kamachha, Lanka and Kakarmatta, verbal clashes between district supply officials and consumers was also witnessed at some places. The gravity of the situation could be gauged from the fact that Babatpur bottling plant which supplies refilled LPG cylinders to five districts - Varanasi, Chandauli, Bhadohi, Jaunpur and Ghazipur - in the division is set to open on Sunday (March 4) to clear the huge backlog of undelivered LPG cylinders after bookings that were made almost a fortnight back.Kumar Agrawal, president, VLDA, said on Saturday, \"It is true that the city is witnessing an acute shortage of domestic LPG cylinders. We are making all efforts to overcome the crisis. Not only the bottling plant at Babatpur would remain open on Sunday to facilitate and expedite the process of delivery, efforts are being made to clear the backlog of over a fortnight on priority basis.\" A P Singh, district supply officer, said the city in particular and the district in general are getting special attention and from Saturday (March 3) onwards, instructions have been given to divert the supply of domestic LPG cylinders to this district only.\"In addition, we are conducting surprise raids to discourage the commercial use of LPG cylinders, especially in marriage lawns and restaurants in the marriage season,\" he added. After conducting surprise raids, the district administration has served notices to 15 marriage lawns and restaurants. Over two dozen domestic LPG cylinders which were being used at these establishments have been also replaced with commercial ones.As per reports of VLDA, there are around 3.50 lakh consumers registered at 32 authorised gas service centres in the city. Out of these, the maximum gas service centres belong to Indian Oil (Indane) that has 22 centres in the city. The Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd (BPCL) and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd (HPCL) have a total of 10 centres in the region.Manju Singh, a housewives in Saket Nagar locality, said, \"Our family had planned to celebrate Holi festival together, relishing homemade food items especially gujhias. But the delay in delivery of cylinders has forced us to change our plan. Now we would have to depend on sweetmeats and delicacies purchased from outside shops instead of homemade food.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12128232", "title": "'FIR against Kripashankar was delayed'", "text": "MUMBAI: Notwithstanding the denial of senior NCP leader and home minister R R Patil, a section of senior Indian Police Service officials feel that the Mumbai police did go a bit soft on controversial Congress leader Kripashankar Singh.All along, Patil has maintained that the approach of the Mumbai police has been neutral, but a high-ranking IPS official said there was an inordinate delay in registering a First Information Report (FIR) against Kripashankar. He added that this could have happened because Kripashankar is a veteran Congress leader and former minister of state for home.In a landmark order on a Public Interest Litigation filed by social worker Sanjay Tiwari, the Bombay high court on February 22 asked Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik to continue with a disproportionate assets investigation against Singh and his family, treat the certified copy of the memorandum of the petition as an FIR, attach movable and immovable properties of the Singhs and accept the initial report of the Anti-Corruption Bureau. That report shows the income, assets and expenditure of the Singhs.\"We were expecting that an FIR would be lodged immediately after the high court verdict, which was available on the court's website the same day. In the absence of a certified copy of the verdict, action should have been initiated on the basis of information from the government pleader. However, the FIR was filed almost a week later, on February 28,\" a senior IPS officer said.No doubt, Patnaik set up a high-level Special Investigation Team led by additional commissioner of police Rajvardhan Sinha, but again there was a delay in conducting raids. \"An FIR was lodged on February 28, while the Singhs' properties were searched and raided on March 2. In the process, the SIT gave enough time for the Singhs to draft an action plan. Accordingly, Kripashankar knocked on the doors of the supreme court, but did not succeed in halting the raids,\" the IPS officer said. Patnaik did not respond to SMSs from TOI.Leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse and Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut have already condemned the government for \"protecting\" Singh. \"We will raise the issue of going easy on Singh during the ensuing budget session,\" Khadse said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12128014", "title": "12-year-old raped, knifed to death by neighbour", "text": "THANE: A 12-year-old girl was raped, beaten and knifed to death on Friday night allegedly by her neighbour in Diva. The accused, Bharat Singh Rathod (27), initially fled the spot, but surrendered before the Mumbra police on Saturday night.The victim, a Class VII student at a school in Dombivli, had left home to attend tuition classes and was to return around 6pm. When she did not return by 7.30pm, her worried parents, along with neighbours, started searching for her in the locality.Later in the night, they found the girl's body stuffed inside a gunny bag at the rear end of Dhanraj Residency. The victim stayed on the second floor of Dhanraj Residency, while the accused stays on the first floor.A resident of Burhanpur in Madhya Pradesh , Rathod was till recently employed with a private firm in Wagle Estate. He had rented out a first-floor apartment in the building and had initially brought his family. At present, his wife was not staying with him and he was the lone occupant of the flat.\"The girl stepped out of home around 2.30pm to attend coaching classes. When she did not return by 7.30pm, her elder brother called up their father and made inquiries with the neighbours. As the word spread , all the residents came together to trace the child,\" said a neighbour, adding that the girl was much loved by all.Rathod, who resided in flat no. 103, could have forced her into his house as she was on her way second-floor home, said the neighbour. \"He must have taken advantage of the darkness in the building due to an unannounced power cut to grab her and force her into his house,\" she added.Describing Rathod as a \"somewhat weird\" character, the neighbour said he kept to himself and \"his appearance invoked fear as he looked like a dopey\". She said Rathod moved into the building about six to eight months ago. On Thursday, he participated in his next-door neighbour's birthday celebrations.Police said Rathod forced himself on the girl and later used a vegetable peeler to slash her throat and face. \"He wrapped her in a bedsheet and stuffed her body in a gunny bag, which he threw down from his first-floor window,\" said an officer.The search ended around 10pm when the locals discovered the gunny bag. It was clear that somebody had thrown it from the first floor as the blood stains were evident on the window. The door to Rathod's flat was broken and the police recovered the girl's school bag and her clothes. The cops also found her blood in the room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12134568", "title": "Celebs wish Ustad Gulam Mustafa Khan on b'day", "text": "In a huge measure they lay the credit for their success at the feet of their teacher Padmashree and Padmabhusan Ustad Gulam Mutafa Khan. Naturally then, on the maestro's 81st birthday, wishes from the likes of Sonu Nigam, Shaan, Hariharan and A.R.Rahman came pouring in.While Sonu Nigam said, \"Happy Birthday Guruji.. May God bless u and you have a long and healthy life\", an emotional Shaan wished Khan Saab by saying, \"Happy Birthday Guruji.. May God bless you and you have a long and healthy life.. I have learnt so much from you, b it music or our life... Thanks for being there for me always and guiding me throughout.\" AR Rahman extended his wishes saying, \"Happy Birthday Khansaheb, May Allah bless you and you have a long n healthy life.. I have learnt to live a good life you should have a spiritual guru and to feel heaven in within you, you should have musical guru and I have you.. Thanks for being with us.\" In the many years that Khan saab, who belongs to the Rampur - Sahaswan Gharana and is considered to be a music institution in himself, has had a long and lasting relationship with Bollywood. As a playback singer and music director, Khan Sahab has many award winning feature films to his name like \"Noor Jahan\", \"Umrao Jaan\", \"Badnam Basti\" and \"Bhuwan Shome etc. His disciples include Asha Bhosle , manna Dey , Geeta Dutt, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128596", "title": "UP assembly elections 2012: Making sense of 'known unknowns'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Exit polls have spoken but it will not quell the suspense about the outcome in UP. Predicting elections in India have been famously hazardous. Pollsters have often misread the mood of the silent majority, who don't wear their preferences on their sleeves. Problems get compounded in a state like UP, thanks to its intricate patterns of caste and communal identities. Pollsters can get the trend right, but may be found wanting in predicting precise tallies: something that will be crucial for deciding who gets a five-year shot at power in Lucknow.But as we wait for the Judgement Day, TOI uses the findings as a cue to help readers sift through the issues, which will shape the results and may come in handy for the final outcome on Tuesday. There is no dispute that these were crucial factors. What is not known is how they played out and to whose advantage. Here is the lowdown on the \"known unknowns\".Rahul, Akhilesh's youth appeal drew votersMuslims: With a share of over 18% in the state's population, they are obviously a critical factor; particularly for both SP and Congress. Their disappointment with Mulayam Singh Yadav was a major factor in his decline in the 2007 assembly as well as 2009 Lok Sabha elections. The beneficiaries were BSP and Congress, in that order. The Muslims' return to Congress after almost a decade inspired the party's hopes of a recovery. Both exit polls and pitch reports indicate that the hope may have not materialized, with the community preferring Mulayam Singh's `Maulana' credentials over Congress's.Upper castes: They remain an important player even in the era of \"empowerment\" of OBCs and dalits, largely because of their numbers: approximately 26% of the population and the outsized role they continue to play as opinion-makers. They propelled BJP to pre-eminence in 90s, and their disappointment with the saffron outfit worked to the advantage of BSP and Congress in the last assembly and Lok Sabha polls. Congress's pre-poll confidence stemmed from hopes of continuing support, while the upper castes' fears of the return of Muslim-Yadav hegemony under Mulayam raised doubts whether he could cross the I50 mark. The tally being predicted for SP will not become a reality without the approval, if grudging, from this substantial bloc.Competing sentiments: At many places the fight boiled down to a straight contest between the desire to see Mayawati's reversal and the memories of Mulayam's gunda raj. Exit polls show that annoyance with Mayawati trumped the fear of return of lawlessness: with perhaps Akhilesh inspiring confidence that SP will turn a new leaf.Turnout: The highest poll participation is among the biggest imponderables. The jump in turnout has been attributed to various factors; from Rahul Gandhi's appeal among youth and SP's acquisition of a weapon of mass attraction in Akhilesh to anger with Mayawati, Anna Hazare's anti-graft campaign that had Congress-bashing as its signature theme, and the massive increase in enrolment of dalits in voters' list. Probably all were in play. The outcome will be shaped by the degree in which they may have nudged the voter to the booth.Non-Yadav OBCs: About 25% of the voters, this assorted category was a crucial part of the coalition that helped Mayawati score a surprise outright win in 2007. Congress had planned to lure them into its fold. However, the dismal numbers being predicted for it raise doubts if the tactic worked. In contrast, BJP's performance - widely dismissed as an also-ran in the pre-poll analysis - shows that the trick of inducting Babu Singh Kushwaha, allegedly at the centre of the health scam as a minister in Mayawati's government, and using him as a caste icon worked. The calculation of wooing OBCs was also behind pitchforking Uma Bharti, who hails from Madhya Pradesh, to lead its UP charge. Both Kushwaha and Uma milked Congress's loud poll rhetoric on the exclusive quota for Muslim OBCs within the larger Mandal quota.Fertilizers and power: The relentless focus on identity factors may have taken the focus away from the role that shortage of critical farm inputs may have played in shaping the choice of the huge \"kisan\" category. The vast countryside fueled the dissatisfaction with Mayawati. The farmers did not appear to be instinctively sympathetic to her perhaps because her core constituency has minimal land holding. Her failure worked to the benefit of Mulayam who has managed to preserve his original image as a kisan neta.Urban mood: Voting in UP does not get influenced by the rural-urban divide. In fact, there is none in the state, where it is difficult to tell where semi-urban towns seamlessly merge into outgrown villages. But the delimitation has increased the number of urban constituencies where upper castes and others vested in secular concerns of law and order, quality of education, delivery of services etc, have higher numbers. These were expected to be barriers for Mulayam Singh because of his failure on the law and order front. The urban constituencies were also seen as reservoirs of support for both Congress and BJP. Surveys show that they have failed to dyke the surge for Samajwadis: hopes of a course correction under Akhilesh?Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12129050", "title": "Holi: Railways to ply special trains to ease the festival rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to accommodate the extra rush of passengers during Holi, Railways will run special trains, between Lucknow-New Delhi and Varanasi-Chandigarh. While the special trains between Lucknow-New Delhi will run for three trips, special train between Varanasi-Chandigarh will run for a single trip.The train numbers 04201/04202 Lucknow-New Delhi-Lucknow Express Special will run for three trips on March 9, 10 and 11, from Lucknow. 04201 will run from Lucknow at 8.00 p.m. and reach New Delhi at 5.20 a.m. Similarly, train number 04202, will run at 05.50 a.m. from New Delhi and reach Lucknow at 3.00 p.m. hrs. The train will run via Moradabad and Ghaziabad. The train will comprise 16 coaches, including AC, sleeper and general coaches. The reservation for the train has started.Another special train, Reverse Shatabdi, 04205/04206, Lucknow-New Delhi-Lucknow Shatabdi special, will run on March 9, 10 and 11 from Lucknow, and on March 7, 9 and 10 from New Delhi. The train number 04205 will run from Lucknow at 05.00 a.m. and reach New Delhi at 1.10 p.m. Similarly, train number 04206 will run from New Delhi at 2.05 p.m. and reach Lucknow at 10.10 p.m. The train will move via Bareilly, Moradabad and Ghaziabad. The reservation for the train will start from March 6.The special train between Varanasi-Chandigarh (04504/04503) will run on March 6 from Varanasi and on March 7 from Chandigarh. The train 04504 will run from Chandigarh at 11.10 p.m. and reach Varanasi at 415 p.m. Similarly, train number 04503 will run from Varanasi at 6.15 p.m. and reach Chandigarh at 1.00 p.m. The train will run via Ambala Cantt., Saharanpur, Moradabad, Bareilly, Lucknow and Sultanpur. The reservation for the train has started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12135381", "title": "Yeddyurappa resorting to blackmail in bid to return to power: Congress", "text": "HUBLI: Opposition Congress leader in the Karnataka legislative assembly Siddaramaiah on Sunday charged former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa with resorting to blackmail tactics in a bid to return to power and constantly shifting his stand on various issues.\"Yeddyurappa has been resorting to blackmail tactics for sometime now in his bid to return to power. The stand that he takes today is not there tomorrow,\" he told reporters here.Siddaramaiah said Yeddyurappa never expected his loyalist D V Sadananda Gowda to assert himself after his exit and has been pressurising the party to make him either Chief Minister or state BJP unit chief.Gowda, considered a Yeddyurappa loyalist, replaced his predecessor,who was made to quit by the BJP central leadership after he was indicted in the Lokayukta report on illegal mining, but is now trying to come out of his shadow.Yeddyurappa was rebuffed by party chief Nitin Gadkari last month when he ruled out any change in leadership of the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12128469", "title": "More parking lots in city centre", "text": "KOLKATA: After a spell of silence, Kolkata Police have finally approved of more parking lots across the city. Though the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) parking department had sought approval for some 20 parking lots, but the police have decided to approve them in phases.The Kolkata Police traffic department has sanctioned five more parking lots in the first phase. These are located in areas such as Chowringhee Road (opposite Oberoi Grand), JL Nehru Road opposite Lindsay Street, Bishop Lefroy Road, New Park Street and Park Street. KMC's parking department has demarcated a portion of these thoroughfares for parking four wheelers.However, cars are also being parked in certain areas that, though proposed by the KMC, have not been approved by the Kolkata traffic police. A list of such areas has been sent to the Kolkata police authorities for necessary action. Cars were found parked on the stretch along Dargah Road in front of a reputed English medium school. Here, parking fees are being collected by a section of local youths who claim to be part of a cooperative society which runs the parking lot. In reality, the civic body has not approved any society to run the lot.Similarly, six months ago the KMC car parking department had sought approval for setting up a car parking space in front of a famous restaurant at the Park Circus 7-point crossing. Though police refused to acknowledge such a request from the civic body, the area is now under control of local youths who arrange for car parking against fees. \"We had suggested opening a parking lot near Park Circus 7-point crossing. But police turned it down. But cars are regularly parked there and we have been losing revenue as it is not an authorized parking lot,\" a KMC official said.Baker Road in Alipore is no exception. Though no approval came from the Kolkata traffic police, an unauthorized car parking lot came into being which has been accommodating more than 50 cars at a time. There are other areas in the city including Raja Basanta Roy Road in the south and Kshudiram Bose Sarani in the north which have been used by 'fake' cooperative agencies denying the civic body its due share of profit. A senior official in the KP traffic department on Monday said that the matter would be probed into.Once the new car parks are created, the revenue from car parking too will increase significantly. The civic body collects Rs 6.5 crore as revenue, a KMC official said. \"It may rise upto Rs 20 crore if Kolkata Police approves our proposals for creating more such parking lots,\" Deb said.After the first set of parking lots became functional, the civic body is now able to accommodate nearly 250 more cars. The stretch opposite Oberoi Grand on Chowringhee now accommodates 70 cars. Currently, there are 69 car parking lots which can accommodate 7,699 cars at a time. \"We have set a target to create parking space for more than 2,000 cars in the next one year. We have already identified places where new parking lots could be set up. A search is on for some more,\" said Rajib Deb, KMC's member, mayor-in-council (parking).In the second phase, new lots could come up in areas such as Chittaranjan Avenue, Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road, College Street, Ganesh Avenue, Rashbehari Avenue and SP Mukherjee Road among other areas. Senior officials in the parking department feel that new parking lots are being planned with the growing need to accommodate more cars in the city. \"We are yet to receive approval for some others lots we wanted to set up,\" a senior KMC parking official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128678", "title": "Extortion: Four held in outer Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four men involved in at least four cases of extortion were arrested from outer Delhi on Saturday. The gang had recently opened fire inside the office of a property dealer who was away in China on business. The arrested have been identified as Bhupender Singh Ahalawat (22), Savinder (22), Manjeet (19) and Rahul Dabbas (21).On March 1, head constable of Bawana, Pramanand, had received secret information that criminals were roaming near Rohini. A trap was laid and cops nabbed the accused who were travelling in an Alto.\"On sustained interrogation, the accused accepted that they had fired at the premises of \"Pardeshi Properties\" in Sector 11, Rohini, on February 28 at the instance of Naveen, a gangster already running in Rohtak jail with the help of his associates. The men, along with their associate Surender, used to make extortion calls to victims demanding huge sums of ransom.The interrogation also disclosed that they were involved in two extortion bids in which they had threatened two businessmen of Bawana DSIDC and demanded extortion money running in lakhs. The gang has collected a huge amount of extortion money from various businessmen, builders and industrialists in the past three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12129812", "title": "Congress to hold protest rally over Shaktisinh's suspension on March 12", "text": "SURAT: Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela said a massive protest rally would be organized by his party in Gandhinagar on March 12 over the issue of suspension of leader of opposition in legislative assembly Shaktisinh Gohil.Vaghela, who has been appointed as Gujarat Congress' campaign committee head for 2012 assembly elections, was in the diamond city on Saturday to participate in a dharna and protest programme organized by Congress city unit in Nanpura to protest Gohil's suspension from the assembly till the current budget session that ends in March.Vaghela said, \"It was a black Friday in the history of Gujarat's legislative assembly. Gohil's suspension from the House was nothing but an anti-democratic act of the ruling BJP government. March 12 is the day when Mahatma Gandhi started his Dandi March to fight the Britishers. We have selected the same day to fight the Modi government for its anti-democratic action against Shaktisinh Gohil.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12129859", "title": "HC to get new building", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Finally, the Punjab and Haryana high court is all set to welcome new judges as its now fully equipped with court rooms as per the sanctioned strength of judges. The newly constructed courtrooms would be inaugurated formally on March 10, in the presence of three judges of the Supreme Court (SC). The apex court judges those are arriving to open the courtrooms are Justice Altmas Kabir, Justice S S Nijjer and Justice T S Thakur. Importantly, Justice T S Thakur and Justice S S Nijjer have also served in the Punjab and Haryana high court before their elevation to SC.With the opening of newcourtrooms, decks are now clear for the elevation of new judges for HC, which is running short of its sanctioned strength. At present, there are only 43 sitting judges including Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi. The sanctioned strength of judges of Punjab and Haryana high court is 68, but the large number of vacancies could not be filled because of the non availability of required infrastructure. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kota", "code": "12128345", "title": "RTU holds 3rd convocation ceremony", "text": "KOTA: The Rajasthan Technical University (RTU) campus spread over 350 acres on the banks of river Chambal was abuzz with activities on Saturday as the third convocation ceremony was held. Eighty students (graduates and post-graduates) were awarded degrees in person. They include top three position holders in all the disciplines. The total degrees awarded in different streams were B-Tech (17,000), MBA (4,000), MCA (1,500), M-Tech (55) and BHM (150).D P Agarwal, chairman of Union Public Service Commission (UPSC), in his address encouraged students to start their business through a small unit which would provide them with an opportunity to harness their skills. \"The small units act as an instrument of social, economic, technological and inclusive development of the Indian economy,\" said Agarwal.RP Yadav, vice-chancellor of RTU spoke about the institute's achievements. He said, \"We have made considerable progress in timely completion of exams and declaration of results. This convocation ceremony is special to us as we have also awarded degrees to students of 2011, who passed out barely six months ago,\"In the next academic year, RTU is hoping to grant approval to colleges in the beginning of the new academic session to clear the uncertainty over the exact number of colleges and number of seats available. The vice-chancellor said that their next aim is to establish centers of excellence to produce innovators in science and technology in the university campus and felicitating such centers in affiliated colleges. Besides this, he announced the introduction of new programmes in petroleum engineering and aeronautical engineering.Attempts are afoot to collaborate with corporate for placements. In recent past we have signed many MOU with renowned universities and companies.For toppers it's a moment to cherish the success. \"I will never forget this day. It is the result of my consistent handwork over the years. My hunger for awards doesn't stop here, now I will work hard in my professional life to receive many more such awards,\" said Jhalak Sharma, a gold medalist.Manish Chaturvedi, head training and placement said that in the last few years all eligible students have been were well placed receiving an average salary package of Rs 3-4 lakh per annum in various multinational companies. \"This year the salary packages in range of Rs 5.5 lakh have been offered to a number of B Tech students,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12129708", "title": "Ready for Global Investors Meet-2012, but where\u2019s the land?", "text": "BELGAUM: Even as the government is all set to organize North-Karnataka level investors' meet in Hubli on Monday ahead of Global Investors Meet (GIM-2012) scheduled in June, it has failed to keep promises made to the investors during GIM held in June-2010. It has defaulted on providing land for industries particularly in Belgaum district.The government had promised to provide land to 12 investors of the 16 who signed memorandum of understanding (MoU) during GIM-2010. Out of which, nine were promised land through acquisition by the Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board (KIADB), (around 4,460 acres) at the different areas of the district, while three investors were given the go-ahead to purchase land directly from farmers under section 109 of Karnataka Land Reforms Act.Interestingly, the government has not allotted even a single acre of land to the investors so far, acquired through KIADB, due to strong resistance by farmers. Shree Shiv Sagar Sugar and Agro Products Limited, is the only company to set up its plant at Udapudi in Ramdurg taluk by purchasing around 200 acres land directly from farmers after taking government approval under KLR Act. The proposal of CF Renewable Energy Private Limited, regarding purchasing 60 acres land at Sogal in Savadatti taluk under KLR Act is still pending in revenue secretary level, while Basava Jyoti Sugars Limited has dropped its project planned at Kothali in Chikkodi taluk due to technical reasons.District minister Umesh Katti, recently during the review meeting expressed his disappointment over the slow functioning of KIADB officials. Minister, who himself signed two MoUs with the government for setting up 1000 MW gas-based power plant in 1,300 acres of area at Vantamuri and to set up 0.5MTPA integrated steel plant at 300 acres of area in Bellad Bagewadi in Hukkeri taluk, said that KIADB didn't approach him in the past one and half years regarding next procedure of the MoU.The case of Zuari Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited is not different. The company is setting up its 11.55MTPA urea manufacturing unit in 950 acres land at Mastiholi and Managutti villages in Hukkeri taluk. It has also deposited Rs 40.30 crore to the KIADB for holding land acquisition process. KIADB also sent final notification to the farmers in this regard. But the project has been unnecessarily delayed due to farmers opposing the project by holding agitations.Farmer issuesAccording to A B Paraddi, joint director of District Industries Centre ( DIC), land acquisition was the major hurdle for the industry set-up. Most of the farmers were not ready to give their lands and those who were ready demanded more compensation, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12128537", "title": "Helen comes to Central College", "text": "BANGALORE: Saturday was special for Namma Metro, as tunnel boring machine Helen reached the end of Central College at the Sir M Visveswaraya underground station. Helen has bored 925 metres underground since its commissioning in June 2011.There was festivity at the college and senior BMRC staff gathered for this milestone. The progress has boosted the spirit of BMRC officials working 100 feet below the ground, said a company spokesperson.Another tunnel boring machine Margarita has so far bored 915 metres underground and will reach the college shortly, officials said. The machines have pierced through the rocky and loose soil structure below the Majestic area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12129401", "title": "Commuters wary, traders upset as Anna Salai diversion takes effect", "text": "CHENNAI: A stretch of Anna Salai was made one-way on Saturday as the Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) is planning to commence work on the underground stations at LIC and Thousand Lights soon. CMRL has occupied three of the six lanes on the arterial road for the construction.On the stretch from Thousand Lights, vehicles are allowed to proceed towards LIC. Vehicles in the opposite direction have to use bylanes such as Pattulos Road, Binny Road, Thiru Vi Ka Road and GP Road.Wary commuters were spared of the confusion since the change was effected on a weekend. Police, on their part, have removed all on-street parking on these roads to ensure the roads are congestion-free. \"Even though the new plan is relatively simple, the diversion was introduced on a low traffic day. So, what is fine now may not be so on Monday. The alternative routes may not able to handle the traffic pouring in from the busy Anna Salai,\" said Harsha, a commuter.Shop owners on General Patters Road, the hub of car and two-wheeler accessories in the city, are not happy with the new plan and say their business is going to be badly hit. \"If the government does not give us any concession, we will launch a protest in 10 days,\" said I Ajmal, who works in a car seat cover shop on GP Road.The biggest problem seems to be for commuters travelling to Royapettah from Thousand Lights. \"Instead of taking a right at Whites Road, I have to go all the way to General Patters Road and Woods Road and then come back,\" said Vidya Shanker, a commuter.Some bus commuters expressed unhappiness with the authorities saying that no preparation was done before introducing these changes. The bus stops at LIC and TVS were shifted to Melody Theatre and Whites Road respectively. \"The shelters still haven't being built. We do not which bus stops where,\" said a MTC commuter, L Janakiraman, who traveling to Sholinganallur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128213", "title": "GHMC\u2019s first area sabha meeting held", "text": "HYDERABAD: As part of the two-month long awareness campaign on the functioning of area sabhas and ward committees of the GHMC, the first area sabha meeting was convened in the Mahmood Nagar area of Kishanbagh on Saturday.The consultation meet organized by civil society organizations brought out a volley of grievances from the nearly 60 residents of the area. The complaints ranged from absence of an urban health post for women and children, overflowing drainage to the mosquito menace in the area.The system of functioning of the area sabhas was discussed and ways and means to resolve local area problems were explored. Mirza Ahmed Baig and Samiuddin Ali, both area sabha representatives of the ward were present in the meeting.Ward Secretary, P Nayak, from the urban community development department of the GHMC, deliberated the meeting and recorded complaints. Issues pertaining to different departments were recorded including allotment of land for grave yard, construction of community hall in the area, assessment of house numbers, cleaning of sewerage lines, installation of street lights, release of old age pension and re-laying of dug up roads in the area.Mazher Hussain, director, Cova said that though meetings were planned in five areas, but could not be held because of non cooperation from the representatives of the areas concerned. \"GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu has assured that action will be initiated against the members who do not conduct the meetings regularly,\" said Hussain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12127828", "title": "School bus in wrong lane hits auto, 1 dead", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old man was killed and three of his friends injured after the autorickshaw they were travelling in collided head-on with a school bus in Dahisar (W) on Saturday. There were no schoolkids on the bus.Police said the school bus was being driven on the wrong side of the road. The impact of the collision was such that the auto turned turtle.\"We have arrested the bus driver, Vibhishan Vale (50), on charges of rash driving and causing death due to negligence,\" said a police officer.The accident occurred around 2pm at Kandarpada on the Dahisar Link Road.The deceased, Nazrul Hasan (20), was a friend of the auto driver, Akash Giri, who stays in the nearby Ganpat Patil Nagar slum.\"The auto belongs to Akash's father. Akash wanted to take it for a spin in the afternoon and asked three of his friends-Nazrul, Manoj Giri and Ashraf Shaikh-to accompany him,\" the officer said.Akash was driving, while his friends were sitting behind. They had reached McDonald's restaurant when the bus suddenly appeared in front of them. Before Akash could react, the bus rammed into his auto.Nazrul (20) sustained head injuries and was declared dead at hospital. Manoj and Ashraf are recuperating in the hospital while Akash, who sustained minor injuries, was administered first aid. All the youths were residents of the same slum colony, police said.Nazrul's parents were informed about the accident by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12134682", "title": "Shweta Mohan bags an international award", "text": "Popular playback singer is on a high. The singer, who is the daughter of well-known singer Sujatha, is known in the Tamil film industry for her melodious numbers had a great year in 2011 when almost half-a-dozen songs of hers went on to become chartbusters.These include Nee Korinaal... from Nootrenbathu, Amalai Thumali... from Ko and Yamma Yamma... from 7aum Arivu. The promising youngster also tied the knot last year.Now, as an icing on the cake, Shweta has been awarded the Best Female Singer Jury Award at the International Tamil Film Awards 2012 at Singapore .Says an excited Shweta on receiving this award, \"I'm elated to be receiving the award for the Best Female Singer Jury Award at the International Tamil Film Awards 2012. I had an amazing evening, enjoyed performing for the enthralling audiences at Singapore. Thank you to all my well wishers for their love and support!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12128704", "title": "ICCR regional office to be opened in city", "text": "BHOPAL: Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), the organisation that promotes country's art and culture outside India, is all set to open its 17th regional office in the city, with its first performance here on Sunday.The ICCR regional office in Bhopal is likely to be opened at the Lok Kala Parishad later this month.According to its ICCR regional officer Nityanand Shrivastava, \"The council addresses its mandate of cultural diplomacy through a broad range of activities. We would organise regular activities involving the regional artists too.\" ICCR Horizon series is likely to be a regular feature in Bhopal with events planned every fortnight.Apart from cultural exchange, ICCR annually offers about 2325 scholarships under 21 schemes to international students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12129222", "title": "MP eyes to procure 65 lakh MT of wheat this season", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh government is planning to procure over 65 lakh metric tonne of wheat on support price from the farmers this year as compared to last year's procurement figure of 50 lakh MT wheat, state Food and Civil Supplies commissioner Deepali Rastogi said.\"The support price fixed by the centre for wheat is Rs 1,285 per tonne while the state pays Rs 1,385 per tonne to the farmers,\" she said.Pointing out that more than 13 lakh farmers have been registered for online wheat procurement, Rastogi said there has been a quantum jump in the figures of farmers, who registered themselves, as compared to previous years. She said the state government was keen to ensure that all the farmers, who intend to sell wheat on support price through 2,317 centres, registered themselves at MP Online kiosks and Citizen Service centres of IT department.This year's procurement season begins on March 15 to close on May 20.Listing the initiatives taken for streamlining the wheat procurement, Rastogi said first a data-base of farmers has been created. Alert in the form of SMS would be sent to all the registered farmers so that they could come to the procurement centres on a pre-fixed date for selling their produce, she said. All the registered farmers will be issued electronically generated receipts and the amount due to the farmers will be credited into their bank accounts within seven days of completion of the process.Admitting that storage of 65 lakh metric tonne of wheat was a major challenge being faced by the department, Rastogi said her department was planning to enter into agreement with private players in the warehouse segment.\"We will provide three and half month business guarantee to the parties\", she added.State Warehousing and Logistics Corporation, a state undertaking, has a storage capacity of 12 lakh tonne.\"We target to preserve another 30 lakh metric tonne of wheat through the proposed tie-ups,\" she added.Ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12128483", "title": "No campaign yet against sale of chemical colors", "text": "JAIPUR: Even with Holi round the corner and sale of colours picking up, no campaign to check the sale of harmful colours has yet been launched by the state government.The medical, health and family welfare department has launched a campaign to check the sale of spurious and adulterated sweets but so far no such campaign to prevent the sale of colours with harmful chemicals has been launched.\"From March 1 we started our campaign to prevent sale of spurious/adulterated sweets. We are collecting two to three samples of sweets daily,\" a medical, health and family welfare department official said.He said no campaign to check the sale of harmful colours has been launched by the department to ensure a safe Holi for the people.The dermatologists claimed a large number of patients come to them with skin allergies due to chemical colours. \"Immediately after application of chemical colour, a person could experience irritant contact dermatitis and after some time he could also get allergic contact dermatitis. After Holi, patients are forced to visit dermatologists,\" Dr Dinesh Mathur, a dermatologist, said.Doctors claimed if someone develops rashes, itching and skin irritation, they should immediately see a doctor. Chemical colors are also injurious to the eyes.District collector Navin Mahajan assured of taking appropriate action against the sale of harmful colours. \"Directions will be issued to all SDMs to keep a check on the sale of harmful colours,\" Mahajan said.He appealed to the people to use chemical-free colours to play Holi and not use water colours to save water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12129793", "title": "Corporates, NGOs to help beautify gardens", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has decided to take up upgradation and beautification of public gardens on public-private- partnership (PPP) basis.To start with, the civic body has decided to give away Swami Vivekanand Garden in Ghod Dod Road to a private organization for its maintenance, upgradation and beautification.Similarly, the civic body has decided to hand over some of the big public parks and gardens to all those interested individuals, organization or corporate houses willing to take up the beautification and regular maintenance.Official sources said SMC has formulated a policy in this regard, which has been approved by the standing committee.Superintendent of public parks and garden department S G Gautam told TOI, \"It is for the first time that the civic body has made a policy to beautify the city gardens. Corporate houses, social organizations etc. could come forward to maintain, upgrade and beautify the public gardens.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12130362", "title": "Delay in making enclosures leads to zoo losing Rs 1.31 crore: CAG report", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A report by the comptroller and auditor general (CAG) has revealed that the Haryana government could not avail central assistance of Rs 1.31 crore due to the delay in construction of enclosures for animals.The central zoo authority, in October 2005, had accorded approval for grant-in-aid for construction of enclosures for animals including Himalayan black bear, leopard, jackal, wolf and crocodile at a cost of Rs 1.81 crore for a zoo in Rohtak.Initially, it released Rs 50 lakh subject to the condition that the works be completed within 18 months of the release of the grant.In case of any delay in execution of work or deviation in the work plan, the financial assistance was to be withdrawn. But Haryana forest development corporation took 33 months to complete the construction of the crocodile enclosure and a room for an official at a cost of Rs 38.09 lakh, which was Rs 19.17 lakh more than the approved cost.The auditors also found that an expenditure of Rs 12.94 lakh was incurred on the leopard enclosure, though it was still incomplete.Due to slow execution of works, the central zoo authority did not release further grant-in-aid and as a result, the zoo could not be developed to the desired level.While admitting to the delay in the execution of works, the principal chief conservator of forest, in July 2011, told auditors, the central zoo authority did not release the entire tranche of funds due to which the enclosures remained incomplete.The auditors maintained that the forest department was deprived of central assistance due to delay in execution of works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "12129797", "title": "50 more traffic marshals for Bharuch bridges", "text": "BHARUCH: Bharuch Police and Bharuch Traffic Education Trust (BTET) have deploy another 50 traffic marshals to help coordinate traffic movement at Sardar and Golden bridges in the district.BTET president Anish Parikh said, \"The present situation is bad on both the bridges. Bharuch and Ankleshwar are twin cities and hence, the flow of traffic between them is very high. Daily around 25,000 vehicles pass to and fro through the Golden Bridge and 33,000 from Sardar Bridge. We at BTET and the district police have decided to further improve the traffic movement over these two bridges.\"He said, \"We have deployed additional 50 traffic marshals besides the existing 120 traffic brigadiers on duty on both sides of bridges. Traffic jam is mainly due to indiscipline.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12133828", "title": "Indian-Americans hold demonstrations against Modi", "text": "NEW YORK: Marking the 10th anniversary of the Gujarat riots, a coalition of over 40 Indian-American bodies held a demonstration and a candle-light vigil here, shouting slogans against Chief Minister Narendra Modi for his alleged complicity in the communal violence and demanding justice for the victims.Over 100 people from the Indian-American community came together under the banner of 'Coalition Against Genocide' (CAG) for the demonstration yesterday.Gathered near a statute of Mahatma Gandhi in Manhattan, the coalition pressed its demand for compensation for the victims and to bring the perpetrators of the riots to justice.Women and children held placards and shouted slogans against Modi and his government.Vice President of the Indian American Muslim Council Eastern Region, Mohammad Yusuf Gaddani, said the coalition chose to hold the demonstration in front of Gandhi's statue as \"we have to decide whether we want Gandhi's India or Modi's India.\"The coalition claimed that even after 10 years of the Gujarat riots, justice had been denied to the victims and their families and the state government too had shown no remorse for the killings of innocent civilians.\"Those who have lost their lives cannot be brought back but we should bring closure to the victims and their families by putting those responsible for the killings behind bars,\" Gaddani told PTI.Swati Shah, a member of the South Asia Solidarity Initiative, said it was the responsibility of the Indian and South Asian diaspora to maintain the correct information in public sphere about what had happened in Gujarat.\"We are concerned that Modi wants to raise his profile as a potential candidate for Prime Minister...,\" she said.The 40 organisations had earlier come together in 2005 under the CAG banner and campaigned against Modi's visit to the US. The coalition had sought denial of a visa to Modi and revocation of his diplomatic visa.Gaddani said similar vigils would be held in California, Washington, Chicago, Boston and Florida by local chapters of the Indian American Muslim Council.He said the people needed to come together and ensure that what happened in Gujarat 10 years ago was not repeated in any part of India again.The demonstration was held just days after a Congressional resolution was introduced in the US House of Representatives on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of Gujarat communal riots.The resolution shared the opinion of the US Department of State that the Gujarat government had not adequately pursued justice for the victims of the 2002 violence and urged the state government to restore religious freedom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128575", "title": "Traffic plan to ease mess near Saket malls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congestion on the Press Enclave Road in front of the Saket malls is likely to be eased after a traffic circulation plan by the cops and Public Works Department is enforced from Monday.Three large malls, two major hospitals and a district court complex line the stretch, which regularly witnesses traffic jams due to illegal parking, heavy volume of vehicles and a bad traffic plan for the area.As trials for the new plan begin on Monday, officials are confident that there will be relief from the traffic mess. Weekends are particularly bad, with the malls recording a footfall to the tune of lakhs. \"We have worked out a plan in consultation with other agencies. We will review the situation after a week. Any problems with the plan will be addressed after the review,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.According to the plan, those headed for the malls will have to compulsorily enter the service road, which will act as a feeder road to the mall parking. No private vehicles will be allowed to park on the service road.Two new entries to the service road have been provided, in addition to the existing entry. The entry to the service road in front of Select Citywalk Mall has been closed as it becomes a major congestion point, said cops.A limited number of autos will be allowed to park in a line on the service road as a temporary auto and taxi stand, said traffic police.While no vehicles will be allowed to halt or park on either side of the main carriageway of Press Enclave Road, vehicles will only be allowed to exit the malls from the rear end, said officials. \"This would increase the vehicle capacity of Press Enclave Road as the rear and sides of the district centre can be optimally utilized. The internal circulation of the underground parking of the mall will be changed by mall owners according to the new traffic plan,\" said a senior traffic police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12128945", "title": "Industry gropes in darkness", "text": "COIMBATORE: A day after the power holiday got underway, industry captains said the policy is unlikely to save power-starved industries in the region. With the government unwilling to call off unscheduled power cuts, the power holiday has only reduced the number of hours with power for the industries. While High Tension (HT) consumers are able to work only 11 days a month with the power allotted to them by TANGEDCO, Low Tension (LT) consumers are running their units with generators and are demanding that VAT on diesel be discounted.In a press release, president of Coimbatore district small industries association (Codissia) M Kandhaswami reiterated that the power holiday should be same in Chennai and for rest of the state. \"In addition to a power holiday they (HT consumers) suffer four hour power cuts (6pm to 10pm peak hour cuts). Further, they have to put up with the unscheduled outages as well,\" he said.Citing no payment to wind power suppliers for the past 14 months, Codissia has demanded that the arrears be cleared immediately so that wind power suppliers contribute to the state grid. The grid should be strengthened by June to make optimum use of wind supplies as the demand will increase in summer, Kandhaswami said.In order to conserve the power, power holiday should be one day in a week for both HT and LT users. The unscheduled power outages should be avoided. The 3,500MW power shortage should be equally divided between all seven zones in the state.Meanwhile, Codissia also said that HT consumers should be allowed to buy power from third parties (private parties) and steps be taken to bring power from northern states by making facilities for national grid connectivity. Also, Kudankulam power project should be commissioned immediately and power be added to the grid.Industrial units are reeling under the power shortage and the short-sighted solutions offered by the government. Jayakumar Ramdass, managing director, Mahendra pumps private ltd said his units were closed on Thursday and will be closed again on Sunday. The crisis in the foundries sector would affect all other industries such as textile, machinery, motor pump and automobiles since spare parts are made in foundries. \"These industries will be able to operate on days specified by the TNEB,\" Ramdass said.With the number of work days reduced in a month, labourers have started moving to other jobs resulting in shortage of labour. Industrialists predict that if the power outage situation does not improve, the pump industry in Coimbatore would suffer as business would shift to places like Ahmedabad and Rajkot where there is regular power supply. \"Once business is lost during this season, it will be lost for ever. So we are forced to run our units on generators and purchase power from private third parties,\" he said.The crisisPower holiday has not helped because of unscheduled power cuts on other daysHT consumers are able to work only on 11 days of the monthWith work days reduced, labour is moving out resulting in a shortage of handsPump industry in crisis and may shift to GujaratThe solutionsAllow HT consumers to borrow power from third parties and make it available through the national gridReduce vat on diesel since low tension consumers are running units on generatorsClear arrears of wind power suppliers so that they'll contribute to the state gridPower shortage be equally divided in the 7 zonesCommission Kudankulam nuclear power project immediately", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12133267", "title": "The world has a problem with this shape", "text": "Setting a record for the most Grammys won by a female artiste in one night is not enough when you are overweight, learnt singer Adele. Why does success taste sweeter for women who are thin, asks Nona Walia.With her blond heap of hair blow dried away from her face, Adele wears pink lipstick and hypnotic eyeliner as she plays cover girl for the March 2012 issue of a fashion magazine, flaunting a full cleavage. Body-confident, Britain's new singing sensation is telling the world she cares a hoot about her weight. That's until fashion guru to the stars, Karl Lagerfeld calls her a \"little too fat\". A quick apology soon after can't undo the damage, or the message sent out once again -success is no fun if you are fat. Especially, if you are a woman.When 31-year-old Mumbai-based television actress Juhi Parmar , once a favourite with viewers for her hugely popular daily soap, piled on 15 kg after being diagnosed with a thyroid disorder, she was shattered. \"The media said hurtful things... that I had let myself go. I had to lose weight if I wanted to land certain roles. Being fat and in the limelight can be punishing,\" says the actress who struggled to lose 10 kg before she participated in reality show, Bigg Boss Season 5. That, and walking away with 1 crore as prize money helped regain her confidence.For actors, a great performance is not enough. Singers must have pins to beat Heidi Klum. Pop diva Rihanna confesses to following a gruelling diet. \"I like carbs, but at the end of the day, carbs are the enemy. I have a punishing day at the gym with my trainer. I'm obsessive about my legs,\" she says. Equal rights don't figure when the visual appeal of successful women is the debate. US magazine Psychology Today reports on the rise of a fat-phobic society, especially in developing countries, that were once comfortable with curvaceous women. A recent New York Times article discusses how public health campaigns are sometimes critical of individuals rather than the social factors that lead to weight gain.It quotes Scott Lear, associate professor for health sciences at Simon Fraser University in Vancouver, who says, in India, being overweight is associated with being middle-class or wealthy. \"We know in developed countries that obese people are less successful, less likely to get married, less likely to get promoted.\"Thirty-eight-year-old Kalli Purie, chief creative officer of a media group and author of Confessions of a Serial Dieter, admits to having tried 43 diets. \"Every fat person has a heart-breaking incident that motivates them. I have had many, like the time a beauty parlour wanted to charge me double for a treatment because there was so much more of me than an average person. The problem with weight is that it's so intimate yet so public.\" At 39, Nisha Somaia weighs 104 kg. The woman behind India's first plus-size label for women says, \"I would be lying if I said, I don't dream about being thin every day.\"But former model Mehar Bhasin can't see what the fuss is about. Beauty worships thin women as divas, she says. Even outside the world of glamour , slim women will always win people over with the ease with which they carry their bodies.The debate is one of gender, not shape, for psychiatrist Dr Avdesh Sharma. \"Sonam Kapoor would lose weight to fit an image, and seem attractive to the opposite sex. Adnan Sami might consider it more to cut down the risk of diabetes or heart attack,\" he says. Delhi-based dietician Ishi Khosla seconds Sharma, when she says, that most under-50 female clients she consults are interested in being thin rather than fit. \"They couldn't care about cholesterol. Fat equals lazy, thin is with-it.\"nona.walia@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129195", "title": "High court transfers eight judges out of Mumbai", "text": "Eight judges from the city civil and sessions court have been transferred out of Mumbai following a Bombay High Court notification. Three of the judges have recently delivered judgments in high-profile cases the city has witnessed in the last few years.The notification, dated March 1, was sent to the sessions court by the high court chief registrar. Sources said the transfers were routine but had come a month earlier.They are additional sessions judge M S Kshirsagar, additional sessions judge R R Deshmukh, S Malpani Pawar, additional sessions judge A Subramaniam, special judge S A Deshmukh, and judges V P Gaikwad, R G Asmar and R R Vaishnav. They have been transferred to: Kshirsagar to Basmat Nagar, R R Deshmukh to Aurangabad, Pawar to Dhule, Subramaniam and S A Deshmukh to Yavatmal, Gaikwad to Latur, Asmar to Gondia and Vaishnav to Gondia.On January 30, S A Deshmukh acquitted four who allegedly kidnapped and murdered Adnan Patrawala (16) in 2007. Sujit Nair, Ayush Bhat, Rajiv Dhariya and Amit Kaushal were acquitted after the prosecution's circumstantial evidence could not be proved in court. A few days later on February 1, Subramaniam convicted hotelier Lalit D'Souza for pumping six bullets into his sister Lorna in October 2007 over a property dispute.Lalit was sentenced to three years under a lesser charge of causing grievous hurt. Soon after the punishment was announced, he was granted bail on a surety of Rs 15,000. Subramaniam this week convicted multi-crore stamp paper scam kingpin Abdul Karim Telgi to life imprisonment in three cases of forgery, fraud and cheating.On February 27, Pawar had acquitted three people in a rape and immoral trafficking case involving senior inspector Arun Borude. Borude had allegedly raped a minor in 2010. He committed suicide on December 29, 2010. Three of the other accused, Shanta-bai Gaikwad, who alleged pushed the girl into prostitution and two alleged clients Mohanchand Shyam and Chandrabhan Gupta, were acquitted after the prosecution failed to prove the case.The 2010 Kurla rape-murder case trial is being heard by Pawar, while S A Deshmukh is hearing two cases on gangster Arun Gawli and a case involving the murder of matka king Suresh Bhagat. The 2006 Lakkhan Bhaiyya fake encounter case trial was being conducted in Subramaniam's court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129973", "title": "Daughter got rent of 45,000 a month \u2018for furniture in flat\u2019", "text": "While a lease agreement for a flat in the upmarket Sai Prasad building in Bandra (East) was in the name of Congress leader Kripashankar Singh's daughter Sunita Singh, she has told the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) that the rent of Rs 45,000 a month collected from the tenant was for the furniture in the flat. The flat, meanwhile, is listed in the name of one Ramshankar Pandey.The apartment in Sai Prasad building is one of the more curious properties to come under the investigators' scanner in the disproportionate assets case against Kripashankar and his family. ACB officers, who submitted a report to the Bombay high court on properties owned by the Singhs, alleged that the flat is one of two benami properties Kripashankar owns in the building. A third flat, on the seventh floor of the building, is in Singh's own name.During ACB inquiries, it was found that the flat belonging to Pandey, who had been a vegetable vendor until a few years ago, was rented out till 2010 to Sun Beams company for Rs 45,000 a month. But the lease agreement was between Sun Beams and Sunita and the rent was credited to Sunita's account . \"When we asked Sunita to explain why Pandey's rental money was being credited to her account, she in her statement said she has rented out her furniture and it's in Pandey's flat,\" said an ACB officer.The officer further stated, \"When we asked her about the lease agreement being in her name, she could not give a satisfactory explanation.\" Pandey is reportedly a distant friend of Vijay Singh, husband of Sunita.The ACB said the three flats in Sai Prasad building in Nirmal Nagar measure 1,069 sq ft each. The second allegedly benami flat is in the name of Kripashankar's brother-in-law Surendra Pratap Singh and is being used by Kripashankar.The 10-storey building, which is near the Western Express Highway, was built as recently as 2001 and has 20 flats, two on each floor. Many of the occupants are high-profile people, including IAS and IPS officers. The building's security guards said many of the flats have been rented out.The three flats in the building were among the properties the Mumbai police's Special Investigation Team raided and attached on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12136373", "title": "Shehla Masood case: CBI conducts search at BJP MLA's premises", "text": "BHOPAL: The premises of BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh were on Sunday searched by the CBI in connection with the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood.The CBI team, which carried out the searches at the MLA's office at \"45 Bungalow\" this evening, refused to talk to the media.The MLA, who reached the office as soon as the CBI team entered his bungalow, also left the place soon.CBI officials had last night interrogated Singh for nearly six hours. Later, he had told the media that, \"CBI had called me for questioning and I have told them whatever information I had on the issue. Whenever the agency would call me again, I will go there.\"The BJP leader is alleged to have had close relations with Masood as well as arrested alleged mastermind Zahida Parvez which resulted in latter's resentment towards the activist.The agency had recovered a personal diary of Parvez in which the investigators claimed to have found several entries showing her obsession with the legislator.The sources said Parvez, who was an architect-cum- interior designer, allegedly came into contact with the MLA in 2007 and developed an intimate relationship with him.CBI sources said that Parvez and Masood knew each other and it was the former who had introduced the activist with the MLA.Parvez kept a close eye on the 'friendship' between Masood and the politician and allegedly went to the extent of trailing him along with her friend Saba Farooqui, who has also been arrested.During the questioning of accused - Farooqui, Saquib and Parvez - sleuths found that Parvez was so obsessed with the MLA that she had kept one office staff just for monitoring his movements and analysing call details through his bills, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12130004", "title": "Cops are not silent spectators: Mirji", "text": "Police commissioner Jyothi Prakash Mirji gives the impression of a man firmly in command when it comes to dealing with lawyers even if it's widely held that police are actually weak-kneed when it comes to the legal fraternity. He tells STOI how they look at lawyers and will handle incidents in future. ExcerptsQ. Do you fear lawyers? Is there a hesitation in acting swiftly against lawyers?A. We have absolutely no hesitation in acting against lawyers. If there was fear, would we have ordered lathi-charge against the lawyers on Friday? Was it not there for all to see? Let me make it clear - police will order lathi-charge against lawyers again if they turn unruly or if the situation goes out of control. We will not hesitate to use lawful means at our disposal if they take law in their hands.Q. Is it more difficult to order lathi-charge against lawyers than against other protesting groups?A. Not at all. What's the difficulty? We have taken the view that no group of people or professions is and will be above the law. That includes lawyers. Any professional group or group of people who are indulging in trouble will be dealt with lawfully. And if that means order of lathi-charge, then that will be the case. The view is clear - if it becomes a law-and-order issue, no group will be spared and no distinction will be made.Q. Do you face a specific problem in dealing with lawyers as they may threaten the police with cases or with crippling the judicial process? They are aware that people depend on them to present cases in courts. The impression is police fears this power.A. No, we don't. We are already going to court in a number of cases. And even if we go to court in future, I'm confident that courts will do justice to the police. When somebody takes law into their hands, do you expect the police to be a silent spectator? The court will understand that. We are not afraid about lawyers crippling the judicial process because courts will step in if the situation goes out of control. Let me reiterate that if we have to order lathi-charge against lawyers, we will. The fact that we did so on Friday shows we have dealt with situation firmly even though it was the legal community that was involved.Q. Is there fear that police will be targeted for ordering lathi-charge?A. Is lathi-charge ordered without context and reason? Is the police mad to land legal blows out of thin air? Everything happens in a context. What was the trouble about at the City Civil Court before lathi-charge was ordered? There is a reason and context for orders.Q. Do you and did you wait for home minister's instructions before ordering lathi-charge?A. If the situation is serious and on the verge of going out of control, we don't wait for instructions. Orders are issued by police - particularly senior police officials on the spot. The order is based on assessment of the situation. In future too, we will not wait for instructions if the situation is urgent.Q. Will guilty lawyers and other troubling elements be arrested?A. Definitely. We have registered cases against them. The arrests will happen soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128697", "title": "Constable who pushed elderly man arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi Police constable was arrested on Saturday in connection with the death of a 66-year-old who was pushed and kicked by two police constables on Tuesday. The incident occurred following an argument between the cops and the man's son at the Dhaula Kuan police outpost.\"We have recorded the statements of the six policemen present near the outpost and arrested constable Vikram Singh . We are waiting for the postmortem report,'' said additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia.So far, the probe has established that the deceased Anil Kumar Arora had followed his elder son inside the outpost when he saw his younger son Mohit being dragged by the collar.Hearing the argument between Mohit and Vikram, Anil tried to speak to the constable around 11.30pm when the latter allegedly pushed him.\"Vikram denied pushing Anil. He said that Mohit had foul-mouthed him when he failed to reply to him. Mohit, though, has claimed that he was beaten up for daring to ask the constable to help him after getting off the phone,'' said a police source. Cops said they arrested Vikram based on Mohit's statement.\"The constable could have definitely avoided the showdown,\" said the investigating officer.Vikram, who joined the force in 2008, was suspended after the incident. He has been charged under Section 304 of IPC ( culpable homicide not amounting to murder) that can fetch him a jail term of 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127787", "title": "Rs 12L goods looted in 2 hours in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They came, they saw and they stole. That is what happened on Friday in Chandkheda as a gang of thieves, moving around in a car, targeted five luxury bungalows in a matter of two hours and stole goods worth Rs 12 lakh. Police have started tracking the cars matching the description.According to Chandkheda police, Sonal Shah, a resident of Maharaja Avenue near Jalsa Party Plot on New CG Road, came back at her residence at 1.30 am on Friday. At that time, she observed that the bungalow adjoining her had a white Maruti Alto car parked outside. As it was not the usual car used by the bungalow owners, she got suspicious and stood on her entrance for a while when she saw two men emerging out of the house.\"As per her account, she wanted to question them for their identity but the duo stared at her threateningly. So, she decided not to. Later, she left to fetch some household goods. When she came back after completing the chores, at 2.15 pm, the lock on her main door was broken. Goods worth Rs 4.04 lakh including gold and silver jewellery, a laptop and cash were stolen from her residence,\" said a Chandkheda police official.When she got in touch with those residing nearby, she got to know that two other bungalows were also burgled in the same fashion. She then informed police. Investigators said that they are yet to ascertain the amount of theft at the nearby bungalows.The second incident got reported from Swagat Status, a scheme which is few metres away from the earlier spot. \"Richa Varu, one of the residents, lodged a complaint that somebody entered her residence between 12.30 pm and 2.30 pm after breaking the main door's lock and stole valuables and cash amounting to Rs 6.80 lakh. Here also the eye-witnesses had seen the white car mentioned in the earlier complaint,\" said an official.In a third, but separate incident, Hemangi Patel, a Man Mandir Society resident, reported theft of gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 1.5 lakh from her safe during the same period. \"It is the handiwork of the same gang at all the places; the modus operandi is same. We are getting details of gangs with similar modus operandi,\" said S B Trivedi, inspector of Chandkheda police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128493", "title": "4 on trial for funding Hizbul Mujahideen in Valley", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Saturday framed charges against a close aide of Hurriyat hardliner Syed Ali Shah Geelani and three others, arrested for allegedly running a hawala racket to fund terrorism in the Kashmir valley.The National Investigation Agency (NIA) accuses these men of helping the banned terrorist outfit Hizbul Mujahideen. Clearing the decks for their trial, district judge HS Sharma framed charges under various sections of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act against Ghulam Mohd Bhat, considered to be Geelani's close aide, Mohd Siddiq Ganai, Ghulam Jeelani Liloo and Farooq Ahmed Dagga. The accused are in Tihar jail under judicial custody.\"The charges have been explained to each accused in detail. They have pleaded not guilty,\" the judge said adding the trial would commence from April 16. Last year the NIA had charge sheeted the four, indicting them for procuring over Rs 4.57 crore from Pakistan through hawala channels from 2008 for funding terrorist activities in the Valley.The Special Cell of Delhi Police, on January 22 last year, nabbed Srinagar-based lawyer Bhat, Ganai, Liloo and Dagga from Jammu and Kashmir on a tip-off that they were carrying hawala money, allegedly meant for terror outfits in the valley. It had also recovered Rs 21.20 lakh from them. The case was later handed over to the NIA. During investigations, the NIA as well as the police questioned Geelani, who reportedly said that he had received funds from various sources but had no links with Bhat in hawala dealings. The NIA, in its charge sheet said, \"Funds through hawala channels werebeing sent to Jammu and Kashmir for funding terror and secessionist acts in the state and Pakistan-based Maqbool Pandit, a member of banned Hizbul Mujahideen and Aizaz Maqbool Bhat, at present living in Saudi Arabia , were the key accused behind it.\"It added \"the investigation had revealed that huge consignments\" of funds have been collected at various places in Delhi and one of the accused, Mohd Sidiq Ganai was in touch with ISI operatives Major Iqbal, an accused charge-sheeted for carrying out various terror strikes including the 26/11 Mumbai attacks, and Col Abdullah. Detailing their modus operandi, the NIA claims Ganai developed a close relationship with Delhi-based Raj Kumar and his brother-in-law Rajeev Nankani and motivated them to collect money on their behalf from hawala operatives here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12129600", "title": "The rise and fall of Kushwaha", "text": "LUCKNOW: Babu Singh Kushwaha was an old BSP hand who turned to the BJP after being dropped by Mayawati. From being an escort of Kanshiram in the late 70s when the latter used to move around in a bicycle to build a party with a strong dalit and backward class base, it took Kushwaha over two decades to become number two in the party.Kushwaha joined the BJP after failing to enter Congress following his unceremonious exit from the BSP which held him responsible for the NRHM scam. Stiff opposition within the BJP forced its president Nitin Gadkari to suspend Kushwaha's membership.Old timers in BSP say that Kushwaha was among the most-loyal party workers. He was close to BSP's founder president Kanshiram and later became the personal assistant of his successor Mayawati. As a trusted backroom man, Kushwaha always got accommodation next to Mayawati's residence.While most of Kanshiram's associates left the party after the reins were passed to Mayawati, Kushwaha continued to serve Behenji with dedication. He was made the party's national general secretary and became the OBC face of the BSP.He entered the state legislative council for the first time in May 2000 and was made a minister by Mayawati in 2002. When BSP came to power with an absolute majority in 2007, he again became a minister with important portfolios like cooperatives, institutional finance, mines &amp; minerals and family welfare under him. He was nominated for the legislative council by Mayawati for the second time in 2007.His term is ending in May 2012. Things took a downward spiral in April 2011 after the NRHM scam surfaced following the murders of two medical officers. He was made to resign taking moral responsibility.Kushwaha's closeness with a mafia-turned-politician created more trouble for him. Mayawati distanced herself from him though he remained in the party. On July 17, when some news channels reported that Kushwaha has been expelled, BSP promptly issued a statement denying the news. In November, the high court directed the CBI to probe the implementation of NRHM in the entire state.Sources said that Kushwaha feared that the party might make him a scapegoat, hence he wrote a letter to Mayawati expressing threat to his life from senior minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui and two senior officials.The letter proved to be the breaking point of his relationship with BSP. The state government first made him vacate the official bungalow and two days later on November 28 he was expelled from the BSP on charges of hobnobbing with the Congress to save himself from the CBI and tarnish Mayawati's image. Mayawati is now promoting Lok Sabha member Dara Singh Chauhan and state party president Swami Prasad Muarya as the OBC face of the BSP.Kushwaha's arrest intriguing: BJPArrest of Babu Singh Kushwaha, the former family welfare minister and one of the prime suspects in the NRHM scam, led to an angry outburst from the saffron camp .Reacting to the development, state BJP president Surya Pratap Shahi said that the arrest proved a direct connect between the CBI and the Congress party. It is no coincidence, Shahi said, that the day after Kushwaha joined the BJP in Delhi, the CBI lodged an FIR against him and now the day the polling in UP got over, the 'BJP sympathizer' is put behind the bars.Once most trusted aide of chief minster Mayawati, Kushwaha's induction had led to major upheaval in the BJP. Although BJP put his induction under suspension, Kushwaha had actively campaigned for BJP candidates in the OBC belts. The party hopes to reap the advantage of sympathy factor in Bundelkhand belt and also of his belligerent anti-minority quota stance. Hinting at a suspected foul play Shahi claimed that \"a swoop down on Kushwaha the moment polling got over raises a big question mark over the impartiality of the entire action.CBI has been investigating NRHM scam for more than three months and if it had proof of Kushwaha's involvement, action against him should have been taken much earlier. Why the long wait, he demanded to know. \"The arrest at two minute past 5 is not only surprising but also shocking for it establishes the long held suspicion that CBI has been relegated to congress investigating agency.\" Shahi declared. Shahi also questioned the \"selective method of probe\" being followed by the CBI.\" Kushwaha has maintained on record that chief minister Mayawati who was the ex-officio chairperson of the NRHM had presided over its meetings several times and also that every move concerning the project needed her clearance. What the party demands to know that why was Mayawati being given the benefit of the doubt in the multi-crore scam? Kushwaha, Shahi said, was number two in the hierarchy, so the reason why the CBI has totally avoided approaching the BSP supremo in the matter also needed to be unearthed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12129296", "title": "Chimbel's silence keeps everyone guessing", "text": "PANAJI: In between providing bytes to an outstation TV crew and shaking hands with supporters, Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate couldn't help look at the huge queue outside a polling booth in sensitive Chimbel.The queue seemed unending at the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan premises, and even after around two hours of a wait, it only kept getting longer. The 9,000-odd voters in Chimbel, key to fortunes in St Cruz constituency, were voting in droves, but like Monserrate had sensed, were keeping their cards close to the chest.\"Chimbel is a huge puzzle. I have enjoyed good support here but now we will have to wait till Tuesday to see the results. The people here can tell you one thing and do exactly the opposite. It is the same for all contestants,\" said Monserrate, trying hard to switch every doubting vote to his side.Not too far, at the slum-infested Indiranagar polling booth, independent candidate Rudolf Fernandes is on a charm offensive, greeting everyone with a smile, and whenever possible, a warm handshake. He has been popular here and has made no secret that it is the Indranagar votes that have, to a large extent, helped his mother Victoria's win from this constituency a record four-times.\"Not just Chimbel, everyone (in the constituency) is with me. I have told all of them that they can accept money from rival candidates because I know, whatever the case, they will eventually vote for me,\" said Rudolf whose mother, better known as Mummy, has vacated the seat for him to reclaim.Dinar Tarcar of the BJP is reported to have made significant inroads too. But at least on the face of it, nobody is willing to show this. \"Nobody wants to invite anyone's ire by openly pledging allegiance,\" one elderly voter explained.That cannot be further from the truth. There are several who have accepted cash from more than one contestant, and even on voting day, at least two individual candidates were luring voters with cash from the confines of their private cars. Notes of 500 and 1,000 were slipped into their hands and shockingly in one case, a five-year-old queued up for his share. He was shooed away.Another reason why Chimbel has remained silent is due to an overwhelming presence of outstation policemen who warn the area's anti-social elements without batting an eyelid.The Punjab police commandos have not cared for reputations and the goons on the other hand haven't really risked attracting their wrath.Gangs of more than three were swiftly broken up and, had they to persist, were warned in a language they knew best. It meant nobody could canvas in the vicinity of the polling booths, and even if they tried to in the slums, word was quick to reach the sector officers' ears.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128171", "title": "Nagpur likely to be 4G hub for Reliance", "text": "NAGPUR: The Reliance Industries is expected to make a major investment in the city. The Mukesh Ambani-led company, which has bagged the 4G licence for telecommunications, is likely may make Nagpur as the transmission hub.Ambani, who was the chief guest at a convocation function of the Institute of Management Technology (IMT) which is about 40 kms from the city, told newspersons that Nagpur's central location may be ideal as a hub for the company's 4G telecom operations.The top bizman, who refused to speak much on the economy in general or Reliance's affairs, added that this would be a major investment with technical infrastructure being set up here. Reliance had earlier taken over DCL Polyester's unit at Mouda, for which the business tycoon hinted of expansion plans too.Meanwhile, sources wishing not to be identified said that the company has almost completed the testing of the technology in various circles. With the vendors being shortlisted, services are expected to be launched in phases from the third quarter of the next financial year.Ambani, who also expressed the need of world class educational institutions, said India does not even figure in the top 100 in the global list of countries which offer quality education. He said the group is planning to come up with some not-for-profit educational institutes.Donning a mentor's role while addressing IMT students, Ambani said India is poised to emerge as the centre for global economic activities with the tilt gradually shifting to Asia from Europe and America. Exhorting the young management graduates, he said this would happen in the next three decades.\"This century is poised to become India's century. However, we have to seize the opportunity and it requires effective leadership. Many Indian businesses have become global leaders and many more will follow soon,\" said Ambani.\"Back in the 1980s when I was 25 years old I did not get many opportunities. It is the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for the young generation now,\" he said.He added that growth does not mean financial parameters alone. \"Rather, Indian businesses have to earn the respect of million of Indians. This can happen through the social and economic transformation which businesses can bring into the people's lives,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12128976", "title": "64-year-old woman murdered, youth arrested with jewellery", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 64-year-old woman was found murdered and five sovereigns of gold jewellery were stolen from her house near Navakkarai on the outskirts of the city on Saturday. Police found the woman strangled to death at her house as the neighbours informed the police about the incident. After investigation, a 22-year-old medical representative, S Jayaprakash, who used to visit the grocery shop run by the woman and her husband, has been arrested in connection with the murder. The police have seized gold jewellery from him.Police said V Vasantha Kokila and her husband Viswanatha Chettiyar, 70, lived in a house on Vinayagar Kovil Street. The couple have no children. They ran a grocery shop in front of their house. Chettiyar was a low-ranking AIADMK functionary.On Saturday, around 9.30am, Viswanatha Chettiyar went to the city for buying vegetables and grocery items for his shop. When people came to the shop for vegetables, they found the shop empty and called out for Vasantha Kokila. As there was no response, they went to the house and found her dead.K G Chavadi police were informed and they rushed to the spot. Superintendent of police E S Uma and other police officers conducted investigation with neighbours. Forensic science experts lifted fingerprints from the scene. The woman's body was taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem.According to police sources, Jayaprakash has confessed to crime. He told police that he did not have any intention to kill Vasantha Kokila. He was married two months ago and did not have any money. It was a love marriage.He was looking for a house for his family in Sundarapuram area. He has completed his Plus One and was working as a medical representative.On Saturday morning, he came to Vasantha Kokila's house and tried to rob her gold chain. When she protested, he strangled her to death and robbed her.After the murder, he came out of the house to find a man waiting to buy cigarettes at the grocery shop. Shocked Jayaprakash tried to manage the situation telling that aged woman could not get up. He sought help and when the crowd gathered to help the woman, Jayaprakash fled the place.An hour later, Jayaprakash again arrived at the murder scene. This time police questioned him and he confessed to crime. He has been taken into custody, said the police.In the wake of recent wave of attacks on senior citizens in the region, Coimbatore rural police are making a list of senior citizens living alone in the district. \"The list of senior citizens living alone is being drawn up in each police station limit by cops in that station. A close eye will be kept on them and all protection will be given to them,\" said E S Uma, superintendent of police", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129796", "title": "2 more held for firing at man outside court", "text": "PUNE: The Shivajinagar police on Friday night arrested two more persons for allegedly opening fire at criminal on police record Vijay Karke (23) of Sadashiv Peth, at the Kamgar Putla slums outside the Shivajinagar district and sessions court on February 23.The arrested include Kuldeep Bandal (26) from Ambegaon Pathar and Sharad Raghunath Pilane (26) from Warje-Malwadi.Karke is a friend of an eye-witness in the 2008 murder case of Bhor MNS leader Sandeep alias Anna Bandal. He sustained a bullet injury in the right thigh after unidentified persons opened fire on him. Alleged main suspect Rohidas Ananta Chorge, who is also wanted in the Bandal murder case, is absconding.According to the police, they were informed of Bandal and Pilane's involvement in the incident by Ravindra Chavan, Sangram Gholap and Akshay alias Baba Kaluram Pavale, the three suspects who were arrested on February 24.Chavan, Gholap and Akshay are also suspects in the Bandal murder case and were out on bail. They were arrested on charges of attempting to murder Karke and are in police custody till March 5.A magisterial court on Saturday sent Bandal and Pilane to police custody till March 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129919", "title": "Brothel-keeper sent to jail", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge D R Mahajan on Friday sentenced brothel keeper Reshma Tamang (45) of Budhwar Peth to three years simple imprisonment and fined Rs 3,250 for inducing a 22-year-old woman into prostitution in 2009. Additional public prosecutor Asif Basit said absconding suspect Akbar Shaikh of West Bengal had lured the woman to Pune on the pretext of marrying her and sold her to another suspect Shankar Bhosale and Tamang at Budhwar Peth.According to Basit, the three suspects confined the woman to the brothel on the third floor of a building at 1018 in Budhwar Peth. She was then forced to indulge in prostitution for around six months, until she was rescued by a police team on December 8, 2009. tnnBasit examined seven witnesses and relied on evidence of the woman and senior police inspector Venkat Gangalwad for proving the guilt of the accused under relevant sections of the Prevention of Immoral Traffick-ing Act.Assistant police inspector Vimal Bidwe of the social security cell of crime branch had registered a complaint in the case. Shaikh and Bhosale are still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12137752", "title": "'Dominating faces don't represent democracy'", "text": "RANCHI: Union minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla said few dominating faces in Indian politics did not represent Indian democracy.Speaking at the Raj Bhavan here on Sunday while releasing the first volume of 'Sansadiya Raajneetik Kosh - Jharkhand', he spoke at length on the deterioration of political propriety in the country. Asking the media to look beyond a few dominating faces, he said there were many members in Parliament who are highly qualified, talented and are masters in some fields or the other. \"But we observe that some faces have become symbolic of a party and also of Indian democracy which indicate a bad phase of Indian polity.\"Hailing the efforts of Shabdarth Trust that publishes the book which is a compilation of biographies of MLAs and MPs of Jharkhand and Bihar region since 1952, Shukla said modern day leaders must read books to take lessons from the lives of the great parliamentarians and genuine people's representatives. Governor Syed Ahmed, speaker C P Singh, chief minister Arjun Munda and leader of opposition Rajendra Prasad Singh also appreciated the effort. tnnAhmed said the book would serve the purpose of manual for the present day leaders to have a better understanding of the lives of people's representatives. \"I read that an MLA had spent Rs.3.75 to win an election and that went in mending his punctured cycle,\" he said quoting the book and asking the present day leaders to imitate such examples instead of pumping money in election campaign.Editor-cum-publisher of the book, veteran journalist Chandreshwar, gave a brief introduction of the book's first volume.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12127965", "title": "Exemption sought for Enforcement Director", "text": "MUMBAI: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has approached the Bombay High Court requesting that its director be exempted from personally appearing before the court on March 12. The HC bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice R D Dhanuka had sought the director's presence after finding that the agency's efforts at investigating the money laundering allegations against members of the scam-hit Adarsh Cooperative Housing Society were lax.The HC was hearing two PILs-one filed by activist Simpreet Singh and the other by Pravin Wategaonkar who wanted a probe into the source of funds of Adarsh members.In their order on February 27, the judges had called for the ED director to \"remain personally present without fail on March 12.\" The ED is hoping that instead of the director one of the subordinate officers could be present, and admitted it had been \"unsatisfactory\" in explaining to the court the efforts it had taken in probing Adarsh members.The agency said the director is based in New Delhi, while the Adarsh case is being handled by special director, western region, which is under the supervision of the ED joint director.The agency said that the joint director or the special director could appear before the court instead. The HC will hear the plea on March 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127850", "title": "Action against 7 medical students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the announcement of strike and attempts to persuade the junior doctors to abandon it, the BJ Medical College officials have decided to suspend seven student leaders for the incident from their resident status. Officials cited disciplinary issues as basis of the suspension. The officials have threatened that their admission can also be cancelled in the future.According to college authorities, a team of senior government officials including health secretary Rajesh Kishor and health commissioner P K Taneja met with the students and asked them to end the strike. However, the students were adamant on their demand to get security on campus and asked to see Jay Narayan Vyas, the state health minister.\"They demanded to take up the issue in assembly but it was not possible for us to push. Furthermore, we found some of the students misbehaving with the members addressing the representation. We got to know that the strike was initiated by a handful of students who afterwards forced other working doctors to join in,\" said a senior college official.Officials said that a strike like this harass the patients who come from all corners of the state for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12129422", "title": "Fake bombs found on railway track", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A bomb-like material was found on the track at the Cheruvathur railway station in Kasaragod on Saturday morning. PVC pipes with wires and batteries attached, were found on the platform number four of the railway station when the Cheruvathur-Mangalore passenger train left the station.The police team accompanied by dog squad and bomb detection and disposal squad were pressed into action immediately. The team conducted search in the entire station premises.\"The PVC pipe pieces were filled with concrete mixture and sand and had batteries connected with wires. There was no explosive material in them,\" said DIG of Kannur Range S Sreejith.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129874", "title": "'Housing regulatory law to benefit builders, buyers'", "text": "PUNE: The proposed Maharashtra Housing Regulatory Development Act has tried to safeguard the interest of customers as well as builders, Gautam Chatterjee, principal secretary, housing, government of Maharashtra, said on Saturday.He was addressing the members of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations (CREDAI), Pune, on notification of 20% reservation for low income group and economically weaker section in a given housing project and the proposed Maharashtra Housing Regulatory Development Act.Chatterjee said the Act may not solve all the problems, but is a positive step. The main motive behind reserving 20% space for economical weaker section and low income group is that it's necessary to see that everybody gets a house of his own and to curtail the growth of slums, Chatterjee said. Properly implemented, the Act will help our cities become organised, beautiful and free from clutter, he added.Chatterjee pointed out that the builder community should look at the issue with open mind. \"In the new projects with 20% reservation for these categories, the builders will get 20% more floor space index (FSI). So, instead of considering this as a government policy against the builder community, the builders should consider it as a genuine step towards making houses available for weaker sections and involving them in mainstream development of city,\" Chatterjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128146", "title": "Shiv Sena likely to get deputy mayor post from BJP", "text": "NAGPUR: With a day left for the election of mayor and deputy mayor, the rift between BJP and Shiv Sena on deputy mayor post is likely to be resolved on Sunday. Meanwhile, BJP has planned to secure 78 corporators registered with Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) till the time of election on Monday.Breaking the tradition, BJP had fielded its candidate Sandip Jadhav for the post of deputy mayor denying to share it with Sena. Irate over the decision, Sena fielded its candidate Alka Dalal for the post. However, Sena did not fielded any candidate for the mayoral post.As per sources in BJP and Sena, the matter is likely to be resolved by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari who arrived in the city on Saturday night. \"BJP may call a meeting with Sena leaders on Sunday after receiving the decision of Gadkari. South-West Nagpur MLA Devendra Fadnavis too had come back from elections in Goa. Fadnavis will also play a crucial role in deciding whether to share the post with Sena or not,\" said a source.Besides, BJP will not take any risk by denying to share the post with Sena. Already, BJP possesses majority. BJP-led NVA has the support of 78 corporators as against the requirement of 73 for the majority. Though Sena has just six corporators, BJP requires the support of Sena for the election of chairman of standing committee and also in case of any setback within the 78 corporators.The corporators apart from those of BJP may not take the risk of cross-voting as registered with NVA but can weaken the majority by being absent. Keeping all these in mind, BJP may not like to take the risk as Sena corporators are not registered with NVA.This is said to be the reason that Sena leaders are quiet and are not trying to convince the BJP for giving them their share. Besides, Sena is in majority compared to BJP in Brihan Mumbai Municipal Corporation and other civic bodies that had gone for election recently.The impact on rift between BJP and Sena may be seen in other areas too. All these seem to point out that the BJP might take a step back and share the deputy mayor post with Sena.But the BJP will share the post on few conditions such as replacing the deputy mayor after 15 months as to give a minority community face on the post before Lok Sabha election and no compromise on sharing any other important posts in the NMC.Meanwhile, BJP has planned to secure 78 corporators especially its new faces and other 16 corporators who supported NVA before polls.As per sources, all corporators will be taken to a resort on Amravati Road, on Sunday evening. They will be brought directly to Town Hall, Mahal where the election will be held at 11am on Monday.On Saturday, Sena appointed senior corporator Suresh alias Bandu Talwekar as its group leader in the NMC. Talwekar is among three senior corporators from Sena. The other three corporators have been elected for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127897", "title": "Spirits told me to slay: Child's killer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gandhinagar police on Saturday arrested Dolly Jaiswal, 20, for the murder of five-year-old Dhruvi Jaiwal who was kidnapped, strangulated and burnt in the ravines alongside the Narmada canal on the outskirts of Bhatia village in the Talod taluka. Dolly, who is Dhruvi's aunt, had killed the little girl to avenge the suicide of her brother, Chirag.During interrogation, Dolly said that she and her parents had gone into severe depression after her brother's death. Chirag had committed suicide because Dhruvi's father, Sandeep Jaiswal, had intervened in Chirag's love affair and had told their parents that the girl Chirag wanted to marry so desperately had questionable character. Chirag was devastated when the couple decided to break off and shortly thereafter committed suicide. The two families lived together till a few years ago.Dolly told the police that she used to get possessed by spirits after her brother's death. She said the sprits advised her to kill Sandeep's daughter. \"Dolly's parents told us that though their daughter showed bouts of being possessed they hardly believed her,\" said a senior police official. Dolly's father, Gunwant Jaiwal, runs a provision store in Mukasan village in the Talod taluka.The day Dolly decided to kill her niece, she took a bus from outside her science college to Dehgam. On the way, she bought a can of kerosene. Dolly reached Poornima High School around noon, but at that time Dhruvi was at the school prayer. Dolly waited patiently outside the school. After a while, she went directly to Dhruvi's class and sought permission from the class teacher to take Dhruvi home on the pretext that the little girl was running temperature. Dhruvi recognized her aunt and class teacher allowed her to go.\"Dolly took an auto from the school and traveled to Chiloda circle from where she took a bus to Talod,\" the police official said. \"All this while, Dolly was carrying the kerosene can. At Talod, she took Dhruvi to a ravine near Narmada canal on the outskirts of Bhatia village and strangulated her. She then poured kerosene on the little girl's body and left for her hostel.\" The breakthrough came from a sketch of the abductor. Sandeep Jaiswal had recognized his cousin sister in the sketch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "12129775", "title": "Holi hai... at Geetanjali club", "text": "HAIBOWAL: A play of colours, extra rounds of tambola, \" nok jhok\" competition and lots of dances made the Geetanjali Ladies Club's Holi celebration a great hit with the members. The members met on Saturday evening at the club in Haibowal.Monika Malhotra, president of the club said, \"The programme started with some members putting \"tilak\" for advisory members. On Saturday we had jumbo tambola, so instead of the regular two rounds we had four games.\"After that there was a \"nok jhok\" (teasing) competition wherein participants play acted funny scenes between mothers-in-law, daughters-in-law and sisters-in-law. After having their fill of a hearty laugh, they danced on traditional and popular Holi songs like \"Holi ke din dil mil jaate hain\", \"Holi khaleen Raghuveera Awadh main\", \"Aaj Braj main Holi re rasiya\" and \"Jaa re natkhat\" while smearing colours on each other.Kitchlu Nagar-resident Komal Arora, an executive member of the club, said she had participated in the \"nok jhok\" contest. \"It was great fun...I played the role of a younger daughter-in-law who is showered with praises by the familya??s elder daughter-in-law to get work done, which leads to some verbal war, after I realized that she is only heaping false praise. Though we didna??t get any prize we enjoyed ourselves,\" said Komal.Jatinder Walia and Subhash took the first prize; the second prize was taken by Swati Taneja and Nidhi Tuli; the third prize went to Kusum and Roshan Gupta. All of them played scenes between mother-in-law and daughter-in-law.Gurmeet Walia, who stays in Dandi Swami Road, said she performed on the song \"Aaj braj main Holi re rasiya\". \"I enjoyed performing and getting everybody into the mood,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12129475", "title": "Stressed Panjab University in grip of headache", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An alarming revelation indicates high stress among Panjab University students, with over 69.23% of them suffering frequent headaches, of which 90.47% blame high stress for the unhealthy fact.Besides, 82.53% PU students suffering recurrent headaches are prone to irregular sleep. As many as 85.71% of this chunk say they have one severe attack of headache every month.A pilot study \"Headache- A real headache for students\", jointly conducted by Ruchika Nandha, Kavita Sekhri, both faculty members and Ishleen Nalwa, a student, from PU's Dr Harvansh Singh Judge Institute of Dental Sciences and Hospital, revealed these startling facts.\"It is because of such high stress that the academic performance of students is suffering. The primary cause of headache among students is high stress and second most common is irregular sleep,\" said Nandha. The study gathered data through a structured questionnaire and respondents included 76% females and 24% males.\"Since it was a pilot study, its horizon will be expanded. However, the fact that the academic performance is affected by such health concerns, calls for some attention,\" she added. Most of these students suffering from severe headaches, nearly 80%, complained they experience ache for as long as 3 hours at a stretch. In most of these cases scalp tenderness was a common factor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12137192", "title": "Guwahati gets new Archbishop", "text": "GUWAHATI: With a Sanskrit hymn reverberating in the background at the episcopal installation and thanksgiving function at New Cathedral in Rukminigaon here, Rev John Moolachira took over the charge of Archbishop of Guwahati from Rev Thomas Menamparampil on Sunday.The thanksgiving function started with a prayer dance by a group of school children set to the tune of a recitation of the word 'Om' and a verse from the Brhadaranyaka Upanishad - 'Asato ma sadgamaya, tamaso ma jyotirgamaya...' meaning 'Lead me from untruth to truth, lead me from darkness to light'. Along with cultural performances by different ethnic groups, there was also a dance performed to the tune of an old Hindi film song based on the theme of the forthcoming Holi festival.Assam power minister Pradyut Bordoloi attended the thanksgiving function.Christian leaders viewed the invocation of a hymn from the upanishad in the event as a reflection of the Church's commitment to ensuring the well-being of the society beyond religious boundaries. \"The activities of the Church go beyond the domain of Christianity. It is part of greater social circle and its activities cover the entire secular domain. As citizens of the country, we also have great responsibility towards the well-being of the society,\" the vice-president of Catholic Council of North East India, Allen Brooks, said.Prior to the thanksgiving function, the ceremonial handover was held at New Cathedral. Over 2,000 people, including priests, clergies, fathers, brothers and sisters , attended the Holy Mass at the cathedral as Rev Moolachira was appointed the new Archbishop of Guwahati.The commitment of the Church to the society at large was also reiterated by Rev Moolachira and Rev Menamparampil. \"The effort of the Church will be to augment the activities of the state government for the welfare of the people,\" Rev Moolachira said.The outgoing archbishop, Rev Menamparampil, who served the archdiocese of Guwahati for close to two decades, echoed the sentiment, saying the Church belongs to all and works for the common good of the larger society.\"When we talk of common good, all differences disappear. The Church belongs to the larger society and our services are for the common good,\" Rev Menamparampil said.There are three archdiocese in the northeast - Shillong , Imphal and Guwahati. Rev Menamparampil had become the first archbishop of Guwahati archdiocese on August 1, 1995.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "12137648", "title": "Caste panel chief blames cops for Lathore violence", "text": "BALANGIR: The National Commission for Schedule Caste (NCSC) chairman, P L Punia, on Sunday visited Lathore, where upper caste people had allegedly burnt 40 dalit houses last month.Punia blamed the district police for allegedly giving \"a free run to the perpetrators to carry out their evil motives.\" He added: \"The incident could have been averted if police had wanted to do so. This is one of the most shameful incidents in independent India.\"Expressing solidarity with the victims, the NCSC chairman said he would take up the matter with chief minister Naveen Patnaik . \"It was an organized attack on the dalit community. I would discuss the matter with the chief minister,\" he said.Punia reached Lathore by a helicopter at 9.30 am. He was accompanied by the regional director of NCSC, Dibakar Basak, DIG (Northern range) R P Koche, SP (Balangir) R Prakash, collector S N Dey and other officials. He visited a relief camp, where 196 dalit victims have put up. He also visited the dalit colony which was ransacked.Earlier, Basak had visited Lathore and interacted with the victims, sought important documents from the police and sympathised with the refugees in the camps. Basak had also attributed the incident to lack of swift action by police.According to police, 49 people have been arrested so far. They admitted that the two main accused -- Jagadish Agrawal and Ghasiram Agrawal - were absconding after the incident. Sources said Jagadish runs a petrol filing station and Ghasiram owns a country liquor manufacturing unit. Jagadish's house is adjacent to the dalit basti and he allegedly provided petrol to set the houses afire. Ghasiram allegedly provided liquor to the rioters for ransacking the houses. The incident is said to be the fallout of a scuffle at a cloth store owned by an upper caste person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12129233", "title": "Mayoral polls to be held on Mar 15, race hots up", "text": "NASHIK: With the date for the election of the mayor officially declared to be March 15, political parties in the city are getting ready to field candidates for the post. The party with the maximum number of seats in the House, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), is struggling to get the opportunity to elect its first mayor as its detractors are trying their best to thwart its efforts.Without mentioning the aspirants who are ready to join hands with the MNS, city chief Sujata Dere said that all senior leaders are trying their best to field the mayor from their party. \"Even if three parties come together, our party will still have the majority,\" she said, adding that though a coalition with the NCP was out of the question, one with the BJP was possible.A Congress leader said that they may have sufficient numbers but would still have to tie up with another political party.It may be recalled that Shiv Sena executive president Udhhav Thackeray had recently announced in Mumbai that the mayor in Nashik will be from Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12128638", "title": "Vidya Balan offers to be face of Kolkata Metro", "text": "KOLKATA: The country's first Metro is on course to achieving another first with actress Vidya Balan expressing her desire to be its official brand ambassador.If Metro Railway does take her on board, it would be the only mass transit system in the country, and indeed anywhere in the world, to have a brand ambassador. Only recently, actor Shah Rukh Khan agreed to be the brand ambassador of Bengal following chief minister Mamata Banerjee's request.Vidya made the impromptu offer to lend some glamour quotient to the three decade-old Metro system on Saturday during an informal tete-a-tete with Metro Railway general manager P B Murty at Mahanayak Uttam Kumar station in Tollygunge. The actress was in the city to promote her forthcoming film 'Kahaani'.\"If I get an offer to become the brand ambassador of Kolkata Metro, I will definitely take it up,\" the actress said, before going on to describe Kolkata as a melting pot of cultures. \"I was very happy to be a part of a film that pays tribute to this wonderful city,\" she said, as fans cheered wildly.Murty later acknowledged he had been bowled by the gracious offer from the gifted actress. \"She made a spontaneous offer. We will take the initiative forward,\" the GM gushed.Vidya had sure won him and other Metro officials over just days after they were fuming over the film's promotional shot that showed Vidya's character being pushed on to the Metro tracks. Given the Metro's not-so-glorious track record with 234 suicide attempts and 120 deaths, the anger was understandable. But with Vidya offering to be Metro's brand ambassador, the officials no longer have any cause for complaint.After word of her appearance at the Metro station spread in the morning, a massive crowd had gathering to catch a glimpse of the versatile actress who had carried off the extremely challenging Silk Smitha act with aplomb in her last film 'Dirty Picture'. This time though, she was the expectant mother, complete with a very believable baby bump.As soon as she stepped out of the car at 4pm, the crowd surged forward, causing a near stampede. Commuters and pedestrians clambered up lamp posts, scaled guard rails and climbed atop pillars to catch a glimpse of the lady.In 'Kahaani', Vidya plays the character of Vidya Bagchi, a pregnant woman from London in search of her missing husband in India. The actress has been taking the character out of the sets to promo appearances since 'Dirty Picture'. Earlier this week, the actress had taken commuters in Mumbai by surprise when she donned the Vidya Bagchi role and took a ride in a BEST bus.The makers of 'Kahaani' are already ensured of good footfalls in the city with the song 'Ami Shotti Bolchi' in Usha Uthup's sonorous voice ruling the charts long before it's March 9 release. It is for the first time in a Hindi film that a song has been created, paying tribute to the memory of the City of Joy aka Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12129587", "title": "Entrance examinations on holy Sundays brew controversy", "text": "KOCHI: The move to conduct national entrance examinations on Hosanna and Easter has resurrected a controversy with the church and politicians demanding the authorities to reconsider the scheduled dates. The All India Pre-medical Entrance Test (AIPMT) and the Indian Institute of Technology-Joint Entrance Examination (IIT-JEE) dates this year fall on Hosanna (April 1) and Easter (April 8), respectively.Citing a precedence, when an Easter day exam was postponed in 2004, Catholic Bishops' Conference of India has already approached the National Commission for Minorities (NCM) demanding a change in the date.\"The exam on the day of Easter should be postponed to a better date. Easter is a day of prayer for the faithful,\" Fr Varghese Kallapara, chief spokesman, Jacobite Syrian Church, told TOI. Politicians, irrespective of their party, were eager to give full support to the church's plea. P C Thomas of Kerala Congress has faxed a request to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. \"People's sentiments should be respected while deciding an entrance exam date at the national level. This situation could have been averted,\" said a LDF leader, who was a member of the V S cabinet.IIT has made its stand very clear. \"Even if it is a public holiday we will hold the exam as planned,\" said an official at the IIT-JEE Madras zone office.Trainers at various coaching centres and tutors feel that this is a non-issue. \"Faith doesn't rest in a day or a festival. Those who are complaining are certainly not the ones writing the exams. So what is their issue with a date?\" asked professor P C Thomas from Thrissur, who runs a reputed entrance coaching centre in the state.Prospective candidates are least bothered about this, said many parents. \"Students will be relieved that the exam is over at the earliest. And that would be the biggest celebration at home,\" said Mathew Iype, a parent.\"We don't have a choice over the dates. Honestly, I didn't realize that it was an Easter Sunday,\" said Jagathan Johnson, an applicant for AIPMT. More than 1.5 lakh students of the state are appearing for national entrance exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12134816", "title": "My short film worked to my advantage: Balaji Mohan", "text": "Balaji Mohan's short film Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi was a viral rage online. Every college student was talking about it.Perhaps it is because of this fame, that the movie now has become a tremendous hit. Starring Siddharth and newbie Amala Paul, the movie has scored with the youngsters of the city on love, women and heartbreak. \"My short film was the major advantage. Right from the producer to Siddharth to Amala Paul, they were convinced about the script. I didn't have to negotiate or convince them to be a part of this project,\" says Balaji Mohan. The debut director went to the producer, Sasikanth with a bound script and narrated it. Sasikanth was game for it immediately, says Balaji, The movie is a rom-com with a different take on romance and love. The movie has also been dubbed in Telugu and renamed as \"Love Failures\". Recent news is that the movie is being remade but there is no confirmation on the news. \"We haven't decided anything yet. But when we do, you'll know!,\" signs off Balaji.For this young, ambitious debut director life sure is beginning to sound like a dream!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jeddah", "code": "12135403", "title": "Saudi Arabia wants all passports machine-readable by Nov 24, 2012", "text": "JEDDAH: All expatriates living in Saudi Arabia should have machine-readable passports by November 24, 2012, failing which, they may face problems while commuting in and out of the country, the Saudi government has said.The Indian consulate general here says it has received a circular to this effect from the Saudi government.Accordingly, the consulate general has asked Indians holding handwritten passports to submit their passports at authorized outsourced agencies (Al-FIFA / Al-Tayyar / VFS) and apply for new ones, irrespective of the date of expiry, to obtain machine-readable passports at normal passport fees.The consulate general has also urged Indian nationals who have not yet registered the birth of their children to hurry up in doing so. It said all Indian nationals living under its jurisdiction should register the birth of their children within one year of birth in order to get Indian passports issued to them.It reminded them that a delay beyond one year might create problems in automatic acquisition of Indian citizenship and issuance of Indian passports to their children.The consulate has allotted Telephone No. 02-6513649 for any help in the above said matters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "dhrangadhra (surendranagar)", "code": "12129838", "title": "71 injured in bee attack", "text": "DHRANGADHRA (SURENDRANAGAR): As many as 71 people were injured in bees' attack in Bharad village of Dhrangadhra taluka on Friday.Police said the victims had gathered around the village pond for a meeting. Suddenly, bees from a beehive in a nearby tree attacked them.\"As to what stirred the beehive is not known yet. Those injured include members of the Bharad village panchayat. The victims were rushed in 108 ambulance to a nearby health centre and Surendranagar hospital for treatment,\" said an official from Dhrangadhra rural police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12133926", "title": "NRHM scam: Kushwaha points finger at CM", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Former Uttar Pradesh minister for health and family planning Babu Singh Kushwaha appeared before a CBI judge and denied his involvement in the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam, on Saturday. He also said chief minister Mayawati was the final authority in deciding matters related to the mission.Kushwaha said that he was not in a position to finalise the decisions about allocation of funds and work being assigned to companies and added that there were two core committees for it and he was not the head of any committee.He said before the court last evening that the UP chief minister was the head of one committee and another was headed by the state chief secretary and the chief minister's decision was the final one. He denied that he ever allocated funds for any work in NRHM.Coming out from the court at around 7.30 pm last evening, he said to the waiting media that he gave a clear picture to the court about his being innocent.Co-accused BSP MLA Ram Pal Singh Jaiswal also told the court that he runs his private companies and no NRHM fund was siphoned by his firm.Advocate Ajay Vikram Singh , who represents both of them, said that now CBI should interrogate UP chief minister Mayawati about allocation of funds in NRHM.CBI arrested Kushwaha and Jaiswal yesterday in the first action against politicians in the multi-crore NRHM scam in Uttar Pradesh.The arrest of Kushwaha, who crossed over to BJP after being sacked as family welfare minister, and Jaiswal here came on a day when the crucial seven-phased assembly elections in UP concluded. Kushwaha, who was expelled by BSP last December, is one of the prime accused in the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12129194", "title": "Man kills wife with stone, hangs self", "text": "CHENNAI: A domestic fight between a man and his wife ended in tragedy at Manali New Town on Friday when he threw a grinding stone at the woman, killing her. He later committed suicide.Police said Ramamurthy, a car driver, was married to Bhuvaneswari, 32, and the couple had two sons Saju, 9, and Kishore, 3. Ramamurthy had taken a loan of Rs 40,000 to buy a car. He attached it to a travel agency and drove it himself, but incurred huge losses. A few days ago, Ramamurthy sold the car and squandered the money. He started getting tense when creditors showed up at his doorstep, police said.On Friday night, the couple had a quarrel over the issue when their sons were at a relative's house. In a fit of anger, Ramamurthy threw a grinding stone on her head. Upset over what he had done, Ramamurthy hung himself from the ceiling fan, police said. Neighbours, who knew that Ramamurthy had financial troubles, were worried when there was no response to calls. A few of them opened the window to find Bhuvaneswari in a pool of blood and Ramamurthy hanging from the ceiling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12130416", "title": "Restore religious freedom in Gujarat: Congressman", "text": "WASHINGTON: A Congressional resolution urging Gujarat government to restore religious freedom in the state has been introduced in the US House of Representatives on the 10th anniversary of 2002 communal riots.The non-binding resolution (H Res 569) was introduced by Congressman Keith Ellison, early this week. The Indian American Muslim Council welcomed the resolution.Expressing concern over reports about alleged complicity of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi in the violence; the resolution commends the US government for denying a visa to Modi in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128164", "title": "It\u2019s official: Lt Gen Bikram Singh to be next Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lieutenant General Bikram Singh, the Eastern Army commander, would be the next Army Chief.The formal announcement for the next Chief of Army Staff made on Saturday has put an end to all doubts about who would succeed General VK Singh, thanks to the persistent speculation about Singh's possible resignation and widespread efforts to stall Lt Gen Bikram Singh's appointment.\"This is a great honour. I want to thank the government for reposing faith in me. I hope to live up to the honour and values of this great institution,\" Lt Gen Bikram Singh told TOI an hour after defence secretary Shashi Kant Sharma called up the senior Army commander in Kolkata to inform him about the government's decision. Lt Gen Singh was also given the government notification of his appointment.A formal announcement from the spokesperson of the ministry of defence (MoD) said, \"The Eastern Army Commander, Lt Gen Bikram Singh, PVSM, UYSM, AVSM, SM, VSM, ADC has been designated as the next Chief of Army Staff, in the rank of General, with effect from the afternoon of May 31, 2012. He will succeed the present COAS, General V K Singh, PVSM, AVSM, YSM, ADC, who retires from the service on May 31, 2012.\"The announcement draws to a close acrimonious bids to scuttle the appointment of Lt Gen Singh as the next Army Chief. Several letters did the rounds, hurling various allegations against Lt Gen Singh, who was the Army spokesperson during the 1999 Kargil conflict.Some letters erroneously pointed out that his daughter-in-law was a Pakistani, forcing the MoD to carry out an unusual intelligence verification. It turned out that she was a US citizen with Afghani roots.A PIL was filed recently in the Jammu and Kashmir High Court, piloted by a little-known NGO, alleging that Lt Gen Bikram Singh stage managed a fake encounter in 2001, in which an innocent bystander was among the many killed. In fact, General Singh was injured in that attack and the J&K; Police submitted an affidavit rubbishing fake encounter theories.Both the efforts were signs of larger troubles brewing within the Army, which is deeply divided over a variety of issues. Though Gen Singh came in with great promise of cleaning up the system, his singular focus on correcting his age record deeply divided the Army, with many not buying the futility of his battle. The aggressive media-driven age battle also led him to lose trust within a section of the government. Perhaps, that explains why the Centre announced Lt Gen Singh's name almost three months before Gen Singh retires. Usually, the announcement is made two months ahead of the incumbent's retirement.Gen Singh's supporters continued to fuel rumour mills that he would resign abruptly, ensuring that Lt Gen Singh doesn't become the next chief. Now, Lt Gen Shankar Ghosh, the chief of Western Command, who retires along with Gen Singh on May 31, is the senior most Army official. So if Gen Singh were to resign before his due retirement, the government might have been forced to go by its tradition of upholding seniority and appoint Lt Gen Ghosh. The Army chief's supporters have all along alleged that Gen Singh was forced to accept 1950 as his year of birth by a lobby that wanted to ensure Lt Gen Singh becomes the next Army chief.The appointment of Lt Gen Bikram Singh, who was commissioned into the Sikh Light Infantry Regiment on March 31, 1972, also kick starts a generation of Army chiefs who had not taken part in the 1971 war to liberate Bangladesh. Lt Gen Singh has commanded a corps in the Northern Command, and was the Deputy Force Commander of a multi-nation UN Peace Keeping Mission in Congo. He had also served as UN Observer in Nicaragua and El Salvador during the early 90s.Lt Gen Bikram Singh has studied with distinction at the Defence Services Staff College, the Army War College and the US Army War College, Pennsylvania. He has also done M. Phil in defence management from the Indore University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12129001", "title": "Court nixes plea on SP chief assets", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Saturday dismissed a plea accusing attorney general G E Vahanvati, Karnataka governor H R Bhardwaj and Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan of 'shielding' Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and his family in a disproportionate assets case.CBI special judge Talwant Singh dismissed the petition of Vishwanath Chaturvedi who had sou-ght direction from the co-urt to register an FIR to initiate a 'fair and impartial probe' into all offences chronicled in his compla-int against those named.In a petition this week, Chaturvedi alleged Vaha-nvati entered into a criminal conspiracy with various people and issued a legal opinion in November 2008 recommending to CBI to withdraw an illegal ass-ets case against Mulayam.The complainant alle-ged that CBI had found prima facie evidence against Mulayam and moved the Supreme Court to seek directions on further probe.\"The purported legal opinion grants a clean chit to respondent (Mulayam) by holding that the respondent has satisfactorily accounted for his assets and wealth,\" the complainant said. He also alleged that Chavan, who was then looking after the department of personnel and training, acted in conspiracy with then solicitor general Vahanvati, then law minister Bhardwaj and various other people.\"It was a carefully planned conspiracy hatched by various individuals and accused persons to save Yadav and his kith and kin from further investigation and criminal prosecution as a measure of a voluntary gift to Yadav for his key role in the trust vote held on July 22, 2008 (in parliament),\" the petition argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12128120", "title": "With eye on LS polls, Gadkari to hold 'durbar'", "text": "NAGPUR: Buoyed by the recent victory of his party retaining control over Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), BJP national president Nitin Gadkari looks keen on pursing his next plan of contesting next elections from his home turf. Apparently with that in mind he will be holding the first 'janata durbar' at his Gadkariwada residence in Mahal on Sunday.For over a month, it's been very hectic for the BJP president who has intensively campaigned in Uttar Pradesh where the 7th and last phase of state elections ended on Saturday. He had to fly in and out of Lucknow's Amausi airport almost daily and quite often he returned to Nagpur in time to oversee NMC poll campaign. He actually addressed a number of public meetings in the city. In UP he addressed over 70 campaign meetings across the large state covering distances by helicopter hops.He also took time out to campaign for a couple of days in Goa where polling took place on Saturday. Without wasting even a day, Gadkari returned to the city on Saturday evening. He will be meeting people on Sunday from 9am to 12 noon, mostly listening to any grievances that could be related to the NMC or any other institution in the state or the country.\"It will be an open house and anyone needing any help is welcome,\" said Gadkari's personal staff. In case the attendance is large, they will collect applications and memoranda from the public, a personal assistant of the leader said.Just after last Diwali Gadkari made public his plans to contest the next Lok Sabha elections. For some time it was not clear whether it would be from Wardha or some safer haven like Indore in BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh as Nagpur is always perceived as a Congress bastion. But the latest win in the NMC election could have provided him the much-needed confidence to chose his 'karmabhoomi' Nagpur as the final choice. Earlier. On his instructions two of his party MPs - Hansraj Ahir and Prakash Jawadekar - held monthly 'durbars' in the city to hear public grievances.Ambani goes to WadaNagpur: Reliance Group chairman Mukesh Ambani made it a point to call on BJP national president Nitin Gadkari at his Gadkariwada residence during his brief visit to the city. The two were closeted in a meeting for about half-an-hour and later had dinner together. The Reliance chief spent over 90 minutes at the BJP president's residence.After attending the IMT convocation on Kalmeshwar Road, the Reliance chief who came here by his special plane, took time out to visit the Mahal residence of the BJP chief. Gadkari described it as a personal visit and refused to elaborate on their meeting saying Ambani is an old friend. He also did not permit photographers to snap the event.Years ago when Gadkari was state's PWD minister, Reliance had bid for contract to build the express highway between Mumbai and Pune. But Gadkari formed a government company to execute the project and claims to have done it at far less than the cost quoted by Ambanis. Apparently that incident has left no rancor between the corporate and the political leader and their friendship only blossomed after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "in a modest flat off a dusty lane in the muslim-majority town of mumbra, a group of young girls is sitting in a semi-circle. before they entered the apartment, they were all covered with the black veil, the unofficial dress code of any conservative muslim mohalla in the subcontinent. but now, faces kissed by the sunlight, they await their turn at something equally liberating", "code": "12127842", "title": "The feminist poets of Mumbra", "text": "In a modest flat off a dusty lane in the Muslim-majority town of Mumbra, a group of young girls is sitting in a semi-circle. Before they entered the apartment, they were all covered with the black veil, the unofficial dress code of any conservative Muslim mohalla in the subcontinent. But now, faces kissed by the sunlight, they await their turn at something equally liberating: poetry.The young poets, initiated into the art two years ago, are gearing up to celebrate International Women's Day on March 8 with yet another poetry recitation session. Emotions-some raw, others mature beyond their tender years-flow as the girls' words become banners of dissent. Their poems protest the many inequalities that women face-female foeticide, financial dependence on men, unrequited love and the curses of divorce and widowhood.The group came into being after Iranian-American poet Roxy Azari conducted a two-month-long poetry workshop for the young women in 2010. Azari, then on a Watson Fellowship, toured seven countries to engage young Muslim women and train them to express themselves through poetry. Her first stop was the 27-year-old Mumbai-based advocacy group Awaz-e-Niswan.\"Three days a week, Roxy would visit Awaz-e-Niswan's Rahnuma Library at Mumbra and discuss socio-political issues with us. Then she would ask us to pen our feelings,\" recalls Saba Khan who coordinated the poetry workshop. Both Awaz-e-Niswan and Rehnuma Library basically counsel and educate women on their rights, and the poetry sessions held now are an adjunct of the same philosophy-a desire to be free from the oppression of men.Azari, famous for her slam poetry performances, left after the workshop for other destinations and better things, but she definitely ignited the dormant poet in a dozen or so young women. Each member of the group penned several poems, which are now part of a collection appropriately and evocatively titled Bebaak Qalam (Frank Pen). Three of them-Neha Ansari, Rabia Siddiqui and Faiza Shaikh-collaborated on an imaginative poem titled Agar Main Mard Hoti (If I were A Man) which portrays the many things men take for granted. For instance: \"Agar main mard hoti/Subah der tak soti/Raat ghar der se aati (If I were a man/I would sleep late into the morning/ Come home late at night). And the poem perhaps expresses a collective feeling when it declares: \"If I were a man/I would change the attitude of all men).\"Siddiqui, who studies at SNDT Women's College, Juhu, says that before she joined the workshop she never realised her poetic talent. \"I would occasionally read Ghalib and Faiz, but the workshop emboldened me not just to write poems but even continue my education,\" says Siddiqui, who adds that her brother did not want her to study beyond Std 12, but her husband is \"quite supportive\". \"I am restless if I don't write for a few days. I feel good after I have penned a few lines,\" she says.Evidently, poetry-writing provides a catharsis to these girls who otherwise have limited avenues to vent their suppressed feelings. They may not take out morchas in the streets but their poems hold aloft banners of protest. Fauzia Qureishi, by far the most accomplished in this young, bubbly group, has many poems to her credit, but the one about zindan (prison) and azm (ambition) clearly shines through the collection. The long poem talks about almost everything that a girl from a conservative Indian Muslim family has to face-early marriage, the threat of triple talaq, the gruelling work at home and the restrictions put in her path. \"It is not just my story alone, but my protest on behalf of all the women who are suppressed and oppressed in a male-dominated society,\" says the bespectacled Qureishi, quoting a couplet: \"Kab tak kisi ki milkiyat main maani jaaon/Ek mard ki pehchan se kyon jaani jaaon (For how long am I going to be considered a property/Why should I be identified with the identity of a man?).Mumbra may seem like an unlikely centre for feminist poetry but these young women are taking it there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12129133", "title": "SGPGI, CSMMU join hands to boost organ transplants", "text": "LUCKNOW: The memorandum of understanding inked recently between Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences and Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University may infuse a fresh lease of life into the liver transplant unit at SGPGI, which has been lying defunct since November 2007. As per the MoU, the medical university will help the PGI to retrieve organs and transplant them at their centre.Elaborating that the ministry of health has recently selected SGPGI as a nodal centre to promote organ donation in UP, Prof RK Sharma, SGPGI director said, \"CSMMU has the access to brain dead patients. It can gain from our experience and later on start the facility at their centre, which already has some super speciality departments.\"He added that the ground work for commencement of the programme has been done, while training of doctors to certify 'brain death' condition of a patient and counsellors to convince attendants is being coordinated. \"SGPGI would be looking forward to all transplants except cardiac (heart) and cornea (eye) once the programme begins,\" he said. Of all the specialties, liver transplant unit would be the first to benefit as the infrastructure for it is ready.Experts point out that India is fast emerging as a destination for liver transplantation. Availability of skilled hands, quality patient care services and low cost are bringing people from foreign countries to India. But so far, SGPGIMS has not been able to tap the potential despite having resources. Surgeons say that that there is a dire need to revive the transplant facility at SGPGIMS.\"Patients must have access to treatment facilities within the state,\" said Dr A S Soin whose team at Medanta has conducted 858 transplants in the last 10 years. He added that at least 15-17% of Indian population is suffering from some kind of liver disease. Out of every million, 25 need a transplant. \"With this estimate, 5,000 persons need liver transplant in UP every year,\" he said.Dr Sadiq Sikora, who heads Manipal Hospital, an institute of liver and digestive diseases in Bangalore, said that cadaveric donations in India is in shambles, therefore living donor transplant is the only hope. \"I have worked at the SGPGIMS for 15 years and its infrastructure is at par with any other good centre in the country. The potential needs to be tapped in patients' interest,\" he said.SGPGIMS's team of liver transplant is headed by Dr Rajan Saxena. He said that the institute would soon re-start the facility. \"It needs a large team to perform transplants. Shortage of human resource prevented us from taking up transplant surgeries. But now, weak areas are being addressed and we hope to make a comeback very soon,\" exuded Dr Saxena.Meanwhile, transplant centres in big cities especially metros attest that India is becoming a preferred destination for hepatic transplant. In fact, 20% of the patient burden is from outside India. For example, out of 281 patients operated in Medanta in the last two years, 50 were foreigners. \"Most of these patients were from the Indian sub-continent, middle East and Africa. Some calls were also received from the Americans,\" said Dr Soin.The queries from America may not have translated into work, but companies in the US see India as a cost-effective option for graft. Website of Medical Tourism Corporation, a medical travel facilitation company registered with the state of Texas, USA, reads, \"Liver transplant abroad, in countries like India, is a much cost-effective option for patients, especially for those who find it expensive in their home country, as well as for those who do not want to be added to the long waiting lists of patients.\"It adds that liver transplant cost in US ranges between US$2,50,000 and 3,14,000, while in India, the expenditure comes down to US$40,000- 0,000. And the amount covers all destinations, medical and logistics costs. To note, liver transplant cost in India is estimated to be around Rs 20-25 lakh. Experts believe that if SGPGIMS gets active on liver transplant front, the cost could trim further. \"The estimated expenditure for a single procedure at our centre is around Rs 12-15 lakh,\" said Dr Saxena.Dr Soin disagrees to the fact that cost drives patients to India. \"Availability of quality service is a much bigger determinant than anything else,\" he said. Soin also stressed on other important issues pertaining to liver transplant calling attention. Formulating a policy for setting up new centres and promoting organ donation are equally important.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12128784", "title": "HR manager murder case: One more arrested", "text": "GURGAON: An accomplice in the HR manager murder case has been apprehended by the police on Saturday. According to the police, Dinesh, a resident of Bulandshahar, was driving the car in which the victim, Parmanand, was given a lift, and later kidnapped and murdered.\"We have produced the accused in a city court and he has been sent to two days of police remand. We will interrogate him,\" said a senior police officer. Parmanand, an HR manager with a private firm and a native of Bihar , was found dead with 26 stab wounds a couple of days ago near the Bilaspur police station.The police have already arrested the main accused, a software engineer. The accused techie, identified as Prashant Tomar, was also the leader of a gang that used to rob passengers after offering them a lift in the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12129062", "title": "Mamata back to street politics, city to chaos", "text": "KOLKATA: The politics of showdown strangled the city on Saturday, leaving citizens wondering what the change in governance was all about. The thousands caught in traffic jams in south Kolkata were amazed to see the chief minister walking the streets as though she were still the firebrand opposition leader.If this is any indication of the days to come, Bengal can have little hope lof development. Mamata's rally is the second one by the Trinamool Congress in the area in three days. On March 1, a march led by minister Manish Gupta drew a sparse crowd that paled in contrast to a huge crowd drawn by former CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee on February 29.But by indulging in tit-fortat street politics, Mamata has only given a lifeline to CPM leaders, who have seized the chance to come out of their isolation. Taking the cue, Left Front chairman Biman Bose took charge of choking traffic on VIP Road on Saturday evening.Sampa Chatterjee, a Garia resident, had to walk 3km after a day's work. Debashis Bose missed his flight to Delhi after being stuck for hours on VIP Road. Frustrated and tired, Sampa wondered why Didi was back to the show of strength on streets when the people had taught the Left rallies were no longer popular.What made the CM's rally worse was that it went against the actions of her own government that has suspended a constable for the Trinamool assault on a journalist on bandh day - an incident Mamata calls \"fabricated\". It seems Mamata is finding it difficult to separate her identities as party chief and chief minister.On Saturday, her waves and smiles hardly impressed commuters stuck in buses, cars and taxis. She took everyone by surprise when, in characteristic style, she emerged dramatically at Sukanto Setu while thousands of Trinamool supporters were expecting her at Ganguly Bagan.Traffic had gone haywire already, but the police were prepared for it. What took the cops completely off-guard was the CM's last-minute decision to extend the rally to Gariahat. Rajesh Gupta, trapped in a crowded bus for two hours, wondered what prompted the CM to rush to Jadavpur. \"Why was it important to hold the rally,\" he asked.The \"show of strength\" may have been necessary for her political ego, but it didn't go well with her image as CM. All the Trinamool bigwigs - including ministers Partha Chatterjee, Amit Mitra, Madan Mitra and Firhad Hakim - followed her obediently. Housing minister Arup Biswas was in charge of crowd management. MP Kalyan Banerjee took the leading role in slogan-shouting and supporters took his cue: \"Buddha, Biman dekhe ja Mamata-r khomota\" (Buddha and Biman, come and see how powerful Mamata is). It was the same slogan they had given before the assembly election.The CPM also did its best to choke the city, 20km away. VIP Road was choca-bloc with traffic when CPM supporters brought traffic to a halt around 4.30pm. What's more, Trinamool intends to counter the CPM rally on Sunday under Mukul Roy.Needless to say, it was the hapless home and airport-bound commuters who suffered in the show of strength. Many missed flights. Airline companies tried their best to help by keeping check-in counters open till late. Some flights were even delayed to accommodate the late arrivals.An elderly police-officer sighed: \"We were not told about the sudden extension of the CM's rally. Any political party, let alone the rulers, is supposed to keep the traffic department informed of their rally route.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12129877", "title": "Border Security Force director general visits Kutch", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The director general of Border Security Force, U K Bansal visited border outposts and interacted with troops posted in the creek areas and Harami Nala in Kutch district.He also inaugurated a newly developed golf course in Gandhinagar on Saturday and declared open the 16th Inter Frontier Golf Tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12128778", "title": "Russian woman seeks stiff charges against MLA's son", "text": "GURGAON: The Russian woman who accused a BSP MLA's son of beating up her and snatching her passport and other belongings last week, has now expressed fear of danger to her life and also demanded that the man be booked for \"outraging the modesty of a woman\".The 24-year-old Russian architect's lawyer, Gagan Chabra, told reporters on Saturday that she was dissatisfied with the sections invoked by Delhi Police against Vivek Ahlawat alias Vivek Pratap Singh, son of BSP MLA from Meerut, Chandravir Singh. In her new complaint to Mehrauli police, she has referred to the accused's political background to seek police cover, and alleged that she was beaten up and deprived of her documents and belongings at gun point.The woman who works with a Gurgaon firm had arrived from Russia with a work permit on February 29. She has alleged that the accused, who was known to her, called and offered to pick her up but she declined. Later, he arrived drunk and armed at the Mehrauli house where she was staying with some other Russians and hit her.\"I locked myself in the bathroom, and Vivek took away my passport, debit card and cell phone\", she told reporters at the press conference in Gurgaon. Chabra also accused the police of not playing fair. \"In this case, the FIR copy was not given to her. After she approached us, we sought the copy which was later given to us. Since she did not have the FIR copy, her approaching the Russian consulate wouldn't have helped much,\" he said, adding, \"Since she will visit the consulate tomorrow, she will also take the FIR copy so that they can contact the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) to seek action in the case\".The victim and the accused had reportedly become friends when she first came to India to do her internship at a Gurgaon firm. But they had gradually drifted apart and she claimed she did not wish to maintain contact with the accused.After the alleged attack on the woman on February 29, Delhi Police had registered a complaint against the accused for trespassing and carrying arms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12129092", "title": "Two persons dead, 5 injured in road mishap near Salem", "text": "SALEM: Two people, including a 15-year-old girl were killed and five others injured in an accident, when a car rammed a mini bus near Dhandekuppam village in Krishnagiri district on Saturday morning.According to police, K Harish (35) and his wife Vijaya (30) of Bangalore and their five relatives, S Vasu (40), Vasu's daughter Monisha (15), K Babu (30) and his wife Padma (30) and G Mohit (5) were proceeding to Tiruttani near Arakkonam in a Bolero car on Bangalore-Chennai National Highway. The mini bus was coming from Pethampatti with about 30 passengers in the service road at Dhandekuppam.\"The bus driver, who did not notice the car, crossed the highway to enter Krishnagiri town from the service road of Dhandekuppam and the car coming on the highway hit the bus on the rear,\" said P Thangaraj, Krishnagiri town police inspector. The bus driver Kannan fled the scene after the accident.Both vehicles caught fire in the mishap and charred. \"No one was injured in fire. But two passengers, who were travelling in the Bolero were killed and five people were injured in the accident,\" police said.Police and fire and rescue personnel rushed to the spot and rescued the passengers. The injured were admitted to a private hospital in Bangalore.According to police, Monisha died on the spot, while Harish died on his way to private hospital in Bangalore.The Krishnagiri town police registered the case under section 279 (rash driving), 304 (A) (causing death by negligence) and 337 (causing hurt by endangering life or personal safety of others) of IPC against the driver and started investigation. The police arrested the bus driver later in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129918", "title": "NGO Sarhad extends a helping hand to Afghan students", "text": "PUNE: A helpline for the 2,200-odd Afghan students in Pune will be launched by city NGO Sarhad in the next couple of months, as an effort to provide them educational facilities and services. \"To start with, we have already sent a proposal to the government regarding adoption of and educational sponsorship to 50 Afghan students in Pune. We are also going to offer them classes on Marathi, to help them continue with their education here,\" said Sanjay Nahar, founder-president of Sarhad, at a press conference on Saturday.He met with Afghan students' representative and Afghanistan's commerce representative Fajilahak Salangi in Pune last week to discuss these issues. \"Our organisation would like to provide scholarships to at least 50 Afghan students for higher studies here. This effort will facilitate rehabilitation of these students back in their home country after they pass out and start earning a living,\" Nahar added.The organisation will also provide the Afghan students with English and Marathi-speaking classes, from June 15. \"Often, these students face major communication problems as they are not fluent in English and the local language. To help them, we will offer them classes in English and Marathi, which will be conducted at Sarhad's premises at Katraj. We are also going a step further and organising meetings of the Afghan students with various students' and citizens' associations in the city. The helpline will address the problems they are facing in the city in terms of rules, regulations, communication, education and the like,\" he said.We will also be giving police and government officials reference material on Afghanistan to help them understand the political situation of that country better,\" he said.The initiative is also meant to strengthen cultural ties between India and Afghanistan, Nahar said. \"The idea is also to organise exchange visits between the two countries. We are currently in talks with the Indian ministry of external affairs and ministry of home affairs regarding this matter,\" Nahar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12137566", "title": "VSS asked to cough up 1.97cr tax", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The income tax department has asked VSS medical college hospital to pay up Rs 1.97 crore as income tax for collecting fees from patients.The medical authority collects small amounts from patients in the name of users' fee since 1997. The money is used to improve facilities available at the hospital.\"We have received a letter from the income tax department to pay an income tax of Rs 1.97 crore for collecting users' fees. But users' fee is not exactly an income of the hospital for which one has to pay a tax. So we have appealed in court to ask the I-T department to review the matter,\" principal S K Behera, said on Sunday.Sources said the government constituted a 'Swastha Seva Samiti' for the welfare of VSS Medical College and Hospital, under the chairmanship of the RDC, for which a small amount is collected in the name of users' fee from patients coming to the hospital. The fund is spent for the development of the hospital and other welfare measures after it is duly approved in the samiti meeting.Sources said users' fee generates an amount of Rs 25-30 lakh every month. The college spends Rs 12 lakh of this money per month, of which Rs 5.9 lakh is spent on security measures, Rs 2.4 lakh on laundry and Rs 3.7 lakh on sanitation. Though the money should be spent only on welfare measures, the hospital authority is violating the rule by purchasing machines and equipment from the fund, sources said. Since a lion's share is spent on various activities each month, the hospital does not have sufficient amount to meet the income tax demand, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12128262", "title": "Cops accept FIR against TMC man after court prod", "text": "KOLKATA: The complaint, accusing Trinamool Congress MLA Sabyasachi Datta of attempt to murder, was made immediately after the CPM-Trinamool skirmish on the bandh day. But police reportedly sat on the complaint for the last few days and refused to treat it as an FIR. However, the Airport police on Saturday registered the complaint as an FIR after Barasat court directed them to do so.Earlier, CPM leaders had cried foul over the \"partisan role\" of the police, with North 24-Parganas district secretay Gautam Deb expressing his dismay over the police slapping non-bailable sections on accused CPM supporters, including Rajarhat-Gopalpur Municipality chairman Tapas Chatterjee, while going soft on Datta and 13 other Trinamool men.Police had wasted no time on the Trinamool complaint and rounded up CPM men, including a Madhyamik examinee. Cops also went to arrest Rajarhat Gopalpur municipality chairman Tapas Chatterjee, but he went under cover. His lawyer later moved the district sessions court seeking anticipatory bail. The court will take up the matter for hearing on March 12.Tinku Ray, wife of February 28 clash victim Shankar Ray, had earlier filed a complaint against Datta. On Saturday, she moved the Barasat court. Her lawyer Mihir Das submitted to the court that the victim's wife had gone to lodge a complaint against Datta and his men, but that was turned down by the police. \"We submitted our prayer to the court seeking justice,\" said Das. He accused Datta and his men of grave charges such as attempt to murder, attacking in a group more than five and causing grievous injury with a blunt weapon and also having arms in possession. The court has instructed Airport police station to take up the case.Trinamool MLA Dutta, against whom the charges have been slapped, said the law will take its own course. \"I have not fled and will not escape. The law will take its own course,\" he said.Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar said, \"A complaint was lodged. However, we are taking up this complaint as an FIR and will be probing the case.\" Kumar added that senior police officers have been visiting Shankar Roy and his wife over the last few days.Shankar Roy, the victim, is recuperating in a nursing home with bullet injury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "4734561", "title": "Mixed vegetable salad", "text": "It won't take more than five minutes for you to make this mixed vegetable salad. Not only this assortment appears good to eyes but tastes equally delicious and also keep you fit and healthy...Ingredients:50gms French beans3-4 carrots1 small cabbage100gms broccoli(cut into florets)1 capsicumSalt to taste1 tomato (cut into thin rings)2 green chilies (slit vertically)Finely chopped coriander leaves1 lemon juiceBlack pepper powder to tasteMethod:Cut and steam the vegetables.Add tomatoes, green chilies salt, pepper powder and lemon juice, and mix well.Garnish with coriander leaves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12128391", "title": "Hopes fade away for farmers", "text": "JAIPUR: The plight of farmers in the state is only worsening with fertilizer prices going up, rabi crops facing uncertainty and many finding it difficult to repay their loan. After facing heat from the farmers during a three-day feedback programme, the opposition is criticizing the government saying that it is shying away from addressing farmers' issues.After a good rainfall, Shankar Singh Rathore, a farmer from a village near Malpura in Tonk district, was hoping for better times. But his hopes soon faded away. His mustard crops failed because of temperature variations. Similarly, Ramsingh Jat of Mathania village in Jodhpur is getting sleepless nights due to mounting loans.\"Our area comes under the dark zone and is hardly arable. However, we are expecting good output of mustard this time due to reasonable rainfall. But the cruel game of nature continues and a sudden rise and dip in temperature destroyed the crop completely,\" said Rathore.The state is the largest producer of mustard in the country with an average production of 32-35 lakh metric tonnes per year. But this year, it has dropped to 28-29 metric tonnes with 10% getting destroyed due to bad weather. Similarly, other seasonal crops like millet and vegetables too were affected.Prices of DAP (diammonium phosphate) shoot up to almost 100% in a year and forced even wealthy farmers to take credit. \"A pack of 50 kg of DAP which cost Rs 508 in June 2011 is now available for Rs 956. This is beyond the capacity of a modest farmer,\" said Umesh Nagar of Manoharpura village in Jaipur.Affected farmers are now worried on how they will pay back the loans. As per an estimate, farmers in the state had taken a loan of Rs 7,500 crore for sowing rabi. The banks will start approaching farmers from March onwards. \"Loan from cooperative societies amount to Rs 2,500 crore whereas loan from commercial banks is just double of it,\" said RCS Jodha, MD of Apex Bank.Experts believe that recovery of loans will not be a major problem as the damage has been done in just a few pockets. \"The losses occurred are in certain stretches. Also, most of the farmers have weather insurance. So even in the worst scenario, they will remain immune,\" said a senior official of agriculture department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12128996", "title": "Ruckus in Panaji booth as Parekh, CCP councillor clash", "text": "PANAJI: Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) mayor and Congress candidate Yatin Parekh and a CCP councillor and BJP supporter Vaidehi Naik were involved in a fracas over canvassing inside the polling booth.The confusion started after Parekh, who was in parts 7, 8 and 9, at Masano de Amorim school on Saturday morning, alleged that Naik and some other BJP workers were assisting voters in the booth and asking them to vote for the BJP. But the election officials are not taking action against them, he alleged. The Congress nominee allegedly snatched the party ID card from around the councillor's neck. In the ruckus that followed, Parekh could be seen holding the card aloft and saying, \"This is allowed?\" Parekh also alleged that Naik was canvassing for the BJP.Parekh told STOI that he had called the magistrate and informed him of the canvassing by Naik. He claimed he had waited for the magisterate to come and take action for around 30 minutes before the incident. Naik said the card was around her neck, but the party symbol could not be seen as she had turned the other way. EC guidelines do not allow the party symbol to be displayed or canvassing to take place within 200m of a polling booth.A large crowd gathered and Congress and BJP workers were seen yelling at each other and shoving each other aside. Polling, however, was not disrupted and continued peacefully in the booths.Naik later filed a molestation complaint against Parekh. Parekh too has filed a counter complaint alleging canvassing by Naik.BJP candidate from the constituency Manohar Parrikar said, \"He (Parekh) can't take law into his hands. He could complain to the returning officer. He can't touch a woman.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12129090", "title": "Kushwaha, Jaiswal held in NRHM scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI on Saturday arrested former UP health minister Babu Singh Kushwaha and BSP MLA Ram Prakash Jaiswal in New Delhi for their alleged involvement in the multi-core National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. They were later produced at Ghaziabad's CBI court. From where, they sent to 10-day remand till March 13.The arrests of Kushwaha, who is an MLC and Jaiswal, who is BSP MLA from Barhaj constituency of Deoria, came no sooner than the final phase of polling ended in the state at about 5 pm.The CBI had registered five cases on January 2 against certain government and private sector officials, including one against Kushwaha.Kushwaha, a former OBC mascot of the BSP, was sacked by chief minister Mayawati for his alleged involvement in the multi-crore scam after which he took refuge in the BJP. However, after much furore in the saffron party over the issue, Kushwaha kept his joining the party in abeyance. He, however, campaigned openly for the BJP in the assembly elections.CBI sources said that Kushwaha was accused in the case in respect of upgradation of 134 districts hospitals for an amount of Rs 13.4 crore by the Construction &amp; Design Services, a unit of the UP Jal Nigam.It was revealed that the said work was given to a Ghaziabad-based firm Surgicon Medi Equip Pvt Ltd on the basis of bogus/forged documents. The materials installed in the hospitals were found to be of inferior/sub-standard quality. An approximate loss of Rs 5.46 crore was found to have been caused to the government exchequer in the said case.CBI sources added that the Ghaziabad-based firm is directly related to Kushwaha. However, the sources refused to elaborate further. The CBI sources said that the two were sent two notices earlier, however, they failed to appear before the CBI on both the occasion. However, on Saturday, both Kushwaha and Jaiswal were interrogated at CBI's Delhi office. Later in the evening they both were arrested, CBI sources said.A co-accused in the case was Sunil Verma (55), an assistant engineer in the Jal Nigam's construction wing, who allegedly committed suicide at his Vikasnagar residence by shooting himself in the head with his licenced revolver.In a three-paragraph suicide note, Verma stated he was deeply stressed by the CBI search at his house. CBI sources in Delhi, however, said that Verma was not even formally questioned till then.The timing of the arrests, especially of Kushwaha, has raised eyebrows in some quarters. Questions are now being raised as to why Kushwaha was arrested immediately after polling came to end in UP. This gives birth to another question: Is the CBI working under the influence of some individual or a party that might have been afraid of denting the vote bank, especially of Kushwaha community, which primarily has a say in Bundelkhand region.CBI is probing the embezzlement of NRHM funds to the tune of Rs 8,657 crore in UP on the high court's directives. In its performance audit, CAG has also found irregularities in the use of Rs 5,700 crore out of the Rs 8,657 crore released between 2005 and 2011 under the Central scheme. The scam is said to have taken lives of five persons, including that of two CMOs, a deputy CMO, an assistant engineer and a clerk.The scam surfaced in April last when Lucknow's chief medical officer (family welfare), B P Singh, was shot dead in the city. In October 2010, his predecessor Dr V K Arya had been killed in a similar manner.It is alleged that both the murders were linked to the NRHM scam. After Singh was killed, police said deputy CMO Y S Sachan was the key accused in the scam and that he had masterminded both the murders.Sachan was arrested with four other officials of the family welfare department. But things turned murkier when Sachan himself was found dead inside Lucknow jail under judicial custody.Meanwhile, several PILs were filed in the high court seeking CBI probe in these cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12129343", "title": "Corporation looks to relax area norms for housing", "text": "CHENNAI: In a move aimed at curtailing the rising number of unauthorized constructions in the city, the Chennai Corporation on Friday met officials from the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) and Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB) to request them to reduce the minimum area required to construct a residential building in the city.Urban planning experts and builders though are a bit wary. They say the move may create practical difficulties in adhering to building regulations and would increase congestion.The civic body wants the CMDA to reduce the minimum area required for construction of a residential house in a detached building area from 80 square metres or 861 square feet, to 50 square metres or 538 square feet. Civic body officials say a smaller area will make individual houses more affordable to middle class families.\"Land prices even in congested parts of the city are in the range of 1 crore per ground. An 861 square feet plot costs more than 35 lakh, but a 538 square feet plot will be around 22 lakh only,\" said a corporation official, seeking to justify the move would make housing affordable for many.A detached building area is any residential locality in the city where a minimum set back area has to be maintained between buildings. Builders do not show any interest to redevelop small plots. \"Small plots usually fail to get clearance beyond two storeys, so it can't house too many families,\" says a corporation official.Corporation officials say this regulation leads to many residents resorting to unauthorized constructions. \"They just go ahead and construct beyond the permitted floor space index, do not leave setbacks or construct extra floors illegally,\" says a corporation engineer. The civic body sealed 71 buildings after March 2011. If rules are relaxed, more people will adhere to the rules, they feel.Urban planners say this move is just a temporary solution to address the acute shortage of land. \"Now even a detached area will start looking like continuous building area,\" says M G Devasahayam, an urban planning expert. \"It will surely lead to more congestion, the existing development control regulations will have to be reworked and it does not comply with the second master plan of the CMDA,\" he said.Private builders too agree. \"Even if the setback space on three sides is reduced from 1.5 metre to 1 metre, we are left with just 260 square feet. Though FSI will allow us to build 800 square feet, we cannot achieve it in two floors,\" says N Nandakumar, secretary of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (Credai), Chennai chapter.He said the quality of housing will be another casualty. \"This rule must apply mainly to the narrow lanes in old parts of Chennai, and if more then two dwelling units are allowed to reside, what is the kind of footprint we are likely to create?\" asks Nandakumar.Urban experts urge the government to study the land still left unused that could provide space for housing in the city for the economically weaker sections. CMDA and housing board officials remained non-committal because they feel the plan is currently in very initial stages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12129377", "title": "Drunk man's boast in bar helps police crack 2010 murder, two youths arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: A boast by a drunken man in a bar has helped the Chennai police crack the 2010 murder of 55-year-old railway employee Jagannath Subba Rao of Tiruvottiyur.Police on Friday arrested S Ramachandran, 25, and S Ramesh, 25, from Sullurpet in Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh for killing Subba Rao, an employee of the Tondiarpet Diesel Loco Shed, on June 7, 2010. Prime accused N Jagannath Rajesh alias Vamsi, 21, of Sullurpet, who is in jail in connection with another case, will be formally arrested in the latest case in a couple of days. Subba Rao, the younger brother of Rajesh's grandfather Panduranga Rao, was abducted by the trio from Tiruvottiyur and strangled with a nylon rope. His body was left on a railway track near Tada, police said.Before his arrest, Rajesh, a car driver, got into a quarrel with a man in a bar in Sullurpet and threatened to kill him the way he did his grandfather. The threatened man went to the police. The two youths arrested on Friday confessed to having committed the murder and have been remanded in jail.\"We will take them into custody to recover the car used to kidnap Subba Rao,\" joint commissioner of police (north zone) N K Senthamarai Kannan told TOI.Jagannath Subba Rao was the youngest among four brothers. The others, Nageswara Rao, Kotteeshwara Rao and Panduranga Rao, lived in a village near Ongole in Andhra Pradesh, police said. Rajesh's father Naga Sivaji is a son of Panduranga Rao.Rajesh told police there was a feud between Subba Rao and Nageswara Rao over a 2,400 sq ft property in Ongole and that he planned to murder Subba Rao so that Nageswara Rao would get the land.Rajesh came to Tiruvottiyur on June 7, 2010 and met Subba Rao near the railway gate while the latter was going home for lunch. Subba Rao was then forced into a Tata Indica driven by Ramesh and killed. The next day, his body was found on the railway track near Tada by the Gudur railway police who registered a case of unnatural death. The body was kept in the morgue for a while and then disposed. Separately, Subba Rao's son Venkataramana Subba Rao lodged a complaint with the Tiruvottiyur police who registered a case. The case files gathered dust until inspector M Sundaramurthy received a tip-off on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12128766", "title": "Students create ruckus over change in centre", "text": "BHOPAL: Chaos reigned supreme for over an hour in Rana Pratap Higher Secondary School at Karond as students tore off answer-sheets and allegedly manhandled authorities on Saturday. Miffed over change in the examination centre, over 100 students of Class X created ruckus.\"We are conducting examinations at 100-plus centres. Miscalculation can happen,\" said district education officer CM Upadhyay after the ruckus, reassuring smooth conduct of examination in future.The trouble began on account of examinations for Class X and Class XII papers on the same date. Authorities assumed that 400-plus students would be able to write examination against the capacity for barely 300.\"When we arrived in the morning, we came to know that our centre was changed,\" said a student of Class X. \"We are students of Rana Pratap School. We are against the change of centre,\" he added. Later, agitating students protested and gate-crashed into the school, disturbing other students. As the word about the trouble was out, the district authorities rushed to the spot to assuage the feelings of angry students.It took authorities almost two hours to persuade students of Rana Pratap School and take them by buses to Sardar Vallabbhai Patel School, two km away. Even there, students had to wait as the examination hall was not ready.All students in both the centre were given extra time to complete their examination papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12128667", "title": "Police imposter held", "text": "BHOPAL: A man who posed himself as a policeman and was trying to extort money from a youth at a park in BHEL township area was held here on Friday evening. This is the second such case reported in Bhopal during the last 20 days. Recently, an imposter was caught from Chinar Park near the Link Road.The Govindpura police said complainant Arun Sethi, a college student along with a girl was taking a stroll inside Dhanvantri Park when a stranger approached him and introduced himself as a crime branch official.He introduced himself as Raghvendra and said that he was there to investigate a rape case reported with a minor around a week back. The imposter later wanted them to accompany him for questioning in the case. He also demanded money to \"leave them,\" police said.However, Sethi smelled a rat and asked Raghvendra to show his identity card. Meanwhile, he also managed to contact the police who reached the spot and took the accused into custody.Later, identity of the accused was ascertained as Shashank Sharma (35), a resident of Saket Nagar. The police said he was a habitual offender and cases were pending against him with Bagh Sawenia police.Govindpura police registered a case of forgery in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12128366", "title": "Cops file case in nursing exam paper leak after more than a year", "text": "JAIPUR: The Sodala police has registered an FIR in connection with the alleged leak of Rajasthan Administration Service (RAS) examination papers from a private school in Ramnagar area in 2010.Police said the paper leak was revealed by an accused who was arrested on charges of selling nursing exam paper conducted by the Rajasthan Public Service Commission in 2010. They, however, added that an investigation is on to verify the authenticity of the claims made by the accused.According to the police, the sub-inspector of Kardhan police station had lodged a complaint with the Sodala police station saying that seven men had been arrested in October 2010 for leaking question papers of the nursing examination.One of the accused, Jagdish Bishnoi, told police during interrogation that he had bought papers of RAS examination conducted on September 29, 2010 from one Shelendra Choudhary, son of the principal of Super King School in Sodala's Ramnagar.Kardhani police forwarded the information to Sodala police station at that time, but no FIR was registered.After almost one-and- half years, police registered the case. \"Jagdish is out on bail in the case. Jagdish will be interrogated. We are trying to verify his claims,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12127796", "title": "2 teachers of Ranip hostel suspended", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After media reports about branding a five-year -old student at a hostel in Ranip for vomiting and bed-wetting, the state government has suspended the two teachers involved in the incident on Saturday and launched a probe. A team of state social welfare department also visited the hostel on Saturday.On Thursday, Vishal Parmar, a five-year-old student at NK Ashram Shala, informed his parents that he was beaten up by his teacher identified as Anil. The parents initially thought that it might be a minor incident and decided to visit. However, they were shocked that Vishal was brutally beaten up by cane that left welts on his buttocks. Vishal's folly was, he had wetted his bed in the night.The ordeal did not end there as later on Thursday, he vomited in the school premises due to ill health. This time, another teacher Jaikar allegedly branded him with a pair of hot tongs which he had got from the kitchen.\"Both the teachers have been suspended with immediate effect. For the supervisory lapses, show-cause notice has been issued to the principal of the ashram shala. We also got to know that the government had earlier cancelled the trust status of the institution and yet it was running as one. Thus, we have served second notice,\" said an education department official.Police investigators said that a team of the social welfare department met the parents and child and assessed the situation. The team will prepare the report and submit it to the government. The duo is yet to be caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12129749", "title": "Ahwa all set to host annual Dang Darbar", "text": "SURAT: Ahwa, the headquarters of Dang district, is all decked up for the annual Dang Darbar that begins today. Besides regular attractions, four out of the 75 barefoot doctors from this tribal district, known for their traditional herbal medicines wisdom, will be offered monetary reward of Rs 1 lakh each for their intellectual property. The Dang Darbar is celebrated prior to Holi to offer compensation to the five kings of the region.The five tribal kings of Dang will be offered their annual political compensation on Sunday by Governor Dr Kamla. Around Rs 16 lakh will be distributed to the kings and their staffers. Among the kings, Karansinh Yashwantrao Pawar of Gadhavi, Tapanrao Anandrao of Daher, Trikamrao Sahebrao Pawar of Pimpri, Dhanrajsinh Chandrasinh Suryavanshi of Vasurana and Bhawarsinh Hasusinh of Amala-Linga will be rewarded.The annual fair is also a celebration of Dang's development as the district boasts of agricultural and infrastructural development like any other part of the state. \"Despite being remote, forest and tribal areas now have water, electricity and roads. Mobile phones are seen in every village in Dang,\" guardian secretary of the district S K Nanda said.Nanda added that the accessibility of the tribals to employment is the reason that there is no Naxal movement in the district. \"The tribals did not follow the footsteps of Naxal movement due to development and enough employment opportunities. The developmental projects have succeeded in connecting the tribals to mainstream,\" Nanda added.While visiting Dang, one would find farming of exotic fruits like strawberry and cashew. The tribals also grow pulses in their farms which was a distant dream so far. Due to the joint forest family plan, the tribals are now allowed to cut grass and do plantation off tubers, fruit tress and creeper plants. Tribals are also permitted to carry out farming of bamboo which helps them make good money.\"We are expecting a large number of tourists during the year and Dang Darbar is one of the biggest attraction. It is a good platform to showcase the culture and art of the region,\" director, Gujarat tourism, Dinesh Dasa said.The Mughals and Marathas could never conquer the hilly tracts of the Dang. Neither could the British, who made a truce with the Dangi kings. In 1842, the British made them sign a timber lease offering Rs 11,230 annually for permitting the Royal Indian Naval Dockyard in Bombay to collect teak wood from the forests. Thus began the Dang Darbar 150 years ago. The annual fair continued even after independence, though in 1954 the privileges of the kings and naiks were cancelled and instead hereditary political pension was granted to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132213", "title": "Clinton is like a sponge: Dominique", "text": "During our 1.30 pm appointment, ace music producer for movies and ad films Clinton Cerejo is just starting breakfast, dipping into a bowl of cereal. His wife, Dominique, the soulful voice behind Yeh Tumhari Meri Baatein in Rock On!! had woken up much earlier, sent the kids to school, and is dressed to be interviewed.Considering that in the past five years, she has lent her voice to almost 15 movies, and Clinton has been part of 25 films, not including ads, they could be a powerhouse music couple.But professional lines were drawn early on in their relationship. \"I always wanted to be a mother and take care of the house and I feel like the umbilical chord is still attached. But good projects keep coming my way,\" she says.Not long ago, it was the other way around. Dominique's career was flourishing and she was singing for one ad after another. Clinton, in his words, \"had nothing to do\". He says, \"I used to chauffer her from studio to studio on my RX 100 just to spend some time with her.\" Dominique adds, \"He used to pester the hell out of my producers, especially Ranjit [Barot]. He would ask them a million questions about technical stuff, I don't know how they could stand him,\" she laughs.That was Clinton's initiation into the studio. The self-taught music producer then immersed himself in the art. \"No one knew about the concept of a vocal arranger when Clinton started off,\" says Dominique. Clinton continues, \"I would listen to Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder and wonder how they achieved lush backing vocals, you couldn't hear that in Indian songs back then.\"It is this talent that Rahman noticed when he worked with him on the national anthem. Such was Clinton's meteoric rise in the studio circles, that with Rajat Dholakia, he worked on 500 ad films in a year and a half. \"At one time, he would come home at five am and be back in the studio at 11,\" she says.But there is an uncanny understanding between the two. Sunday is family time and the kids are hooked to the gaming console, while their father fawns over them. \"I am usually in the hall reading a book. I can't play those games at all,\" laughs Dominique.In the studio, they try not to mix their professional and personal lives. Clinton says, \"If there is a disagreement about a track should sound, she respects my perspective.\" She cuts in, \"But nine times out of ten he usually listens to me,\" and laughs. Clinton shrugs.Also, Clinton does not recommend his wife for his projects. Dominique says, \"He does the opposite. For Pyar Impossible! I was singing the scratch track and really liked the song. But Clinton still did not ask Salim [Merchant]. When Salim walked in, I convinced him to give me a go and he really was the one who told Clinton that I should sing it,\" says Dominique.For the duo, anything other than music was never an option. So who is more talented? Dominique says, \"Clinton is like a sponge. He can remember everything he hears. Me? I am just a singer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12133647", "title": "Tara's love for travelling", "text": "\"We travel a lot as a family,\" Tara Sharma informs us, \"We have two sons, who are the apples of our eyes! Zen is two years seven months, while Kai is almost 8 months.\" The couple travel a lot of for work.\"As Roopak travels a lot for work, being the owner of two companies, we often go with him and have work cum holiday trips. I am also doing my own TV show, The Tara Sharma Show - Ek Nayi Ma Ka Safar, and our travel is a big part of the show. So we have traveled to New York, Boston, Cape Town , London, Cannes, Singapore, Thailand and of course, extensively in India, like Mahableshwar, Delhi etc.Some of these trips have also been featured on our show,\" she says and adds, \"Cliched as it sounds, wherever we go, as long as we are all together, is always great. Roopak is brilliant at planning trips.\" But if she had to choose one place to holiday, which one would it be? \"Cape Town, as it was my first time there last year and we went when Zen was 20 months and I was 6 months pregnant wth Kai. So I say the four of us went!\" she laughs. \"It is such a stunning place. With the waterfront, table mountain, great hotels, food and so much to see and do with babies. We shot an episode for our show there as well and people seem to have loved that too!\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "12130190", "title": "Lal Chand Singh: His mission against polio will never end", "text": "BATHINDA: The World Health Organization (WHO) may have declared India as a polio-free country recently, but the mission of Lal Chand Singh will never end.A grey-bearded elderly, cycling his way from village to village, wearing a colourful kurta inscribed with messages related to eradication of polio and other life threatening diseases in infants, this class IV employee of Punjab health department has dedicated about half-a-century of his life to this mission.Hailing from Chughe Khurd village of Bathinda, Lal Chand Singh passed his diploma in stenography from ITI but did not get an appropriate job. Due to poverty, he joined health department in 1980 as class IV employee. In the course of his duty, he would travel from village to village, carrying life-saving medicines. \"That was the time I understood the meaning of vaccinations and drugs, and how these were important for our future,\" says the humble man.\"I decided to make eradication of polio and other diseases like measles , hepatitis and diphtheria a mission of my life. I got kurtas stitched with messages, relating to timely vaccination as preventive measure, written on them,\" said Singh.That was in 1984 and, ever since, he has been wearing slogan-printed kurtas, conveying the message. Written in Punjabi language, these read, \"Apne bacche nu 6 maru rogan to Bachon lai tikke jarur lagvao\" (ensure vaccination for your child to save the child from six life threatening diseases).Over the years, he has visited over 1,000 schools and 3,000 melas under his mission to spread the word. He has also travelled in Rajasthan and Haryana, spreading the message.In 1995, when WHO started the mission to eradicate polio from India, Singh ensured his full participation, going from village to village for the purpose. He was the most happy when WHO announced India as a polio-free country. \"But, regardless of WHO's certification, there is an urgent need for a public health awareness programme in our country,\" he said.\"Our awareness about overall health in Punjab and many other states of India is severely deficient. To protect our infants from diseases, everyone's involvement is a must and vaccination programmes should be taken as a mission by everyone,\" he added.A poet and writer, Singh also pens songs to motivate public about vaccination of infants. \"My mission will continue till the last minute of my life,\" Singh averred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12130323", "title": "Boom for business of doom", "text": "Ajay Jain is planning an unusual trip after he gets married this year. The Mumbai-based chartered accountant is taking a 'doomsday package' along with his wife, in August this year. The couple plan to visit five sites in Mexico, associated with the ancient Mayan empire, that existed more than a thousand years ago and spanned a large part of present-day Central America . \"2012 is an important year for me as I'm getting married. It's also an important year for the world because of the apocalypse theory propounded by the ancient Mayans,\" says Jain, explaining his reason for becoming a doomsday tourist.Jain's rationale may seem weird to some. But he's not alone in being interested in the Mayans, whose 5,126-year old Long Count calendar finishes on December 21 this year, sparking off fears that the date will coincide with the end of the world. In fact, such has been the interest in the ancient civilization as a result, that tourism to countries associated with the Mayans has seen an unprecedented boom. Mexico itself, is expecting around 52 million tourists, a substantial jump from last year's 23 million. Rodolfo Lopez-Negrete , chief operating officer of the Mexico Tourism Board, not surprisingly , is rubbing his hands in glee, in the anticipation that \"2012 will be a recordbreaking year.\"Not everyone is happy about the endof-the-world hype though. The little French village of Bugarach, with a population of 200, has been invaded by tourists and doomsday believers from around the world, who are convinced that the peaceful farming hamlet is located on a 'sacred mountain' that will survive the apocalypse. The internet is buzzing with rumours that the 'magical mountain' has an upsidedown rock formation, where the top layers are older than the lower ones, giving it a rare magnetic force and making it a safe haven. Property prices in the area have spiralled, but as more and more people troop in, locals are worried that their little community might not be able to cope. Jean-Pierre Delord, Bugarach's exasperated mayor recently informed regional authorities of their concerns, adding that he wanted the army to be at hand to check the influx, as the date of the doomsday prediction draws near.Incidentally, even though the Mayans are being blamed for the end-of-the-world theory, nobody is really sure if they actually predicted the destruction of the earth to coincide with the end of their calendar. The notion that is generally accepted is that the Mayans, who were consummate astronomers, timed the end of their calendar with a celestial happening, which in this case, is the winter solstice - when the sun will align with the centre of the Milky Way for the first time in 26,000 years. This marks the end of one phase of the earth's cycle and the beginning of another, which is an idea that also corresponds with the concept of yuga in Hinduism. \"2012 is roughly the period that corresponds with the end of the transition period between Kalyug and Satyug according to Hindu scriptures,\" says therapist and spiritual healer, Gurpreet Singh.Whether or not this transition brings along a calamity as catastrophic as the destruction of the earth, doomsday believers are taking no chances. Business is booming for American entrepreneur Robert Vicino, who has taken over underground bunkers built by governments in the cold war era and retrofitted them with spacious living areas and stocked with a year's supply of food, fuel, water, clothing, medicine etc.In an email interaction with Sunday Times , Vicino claimed there were over 25,000 applications for membership for the bunkers, including from India and South Asia. At an estimated cost of $35,000 to $50,000 per person, the bunkers don't come cheap. Vicino however, justifies the cost saying that each shelter costs $2 million to $10 million to fully retrofit. \"Our actual buyers are well educated, professionals like doctors and lawyers, who have connected the dots of what is now going on around the world, the risks and potential outcome of these linked events,\" he says. \"These people are not afraid of what may happen, but rather are preparing for it and for the survival of their families. They hope to never need to use their shelter, but if so, they will at least have a real option. What will the rest of the world do?\" A question, to which we shall hopefully have an answer on December 21.How to survive the end of the worldThe internet is abuzz with rumours that the French town of Bugarach will survive the apocalypse because of its magical mountain. The mayor wants the army brought in as we get closer to 'the end of the world' For upto half a million dollars per person, American entrepreneur Robert Vicino will let you live in a retrofitted Cold War bunker stocked with a year's supply of food, fuel, water, clothing, medicine", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12128942", "title": "Empty promises don't stop slum dwellers from voting", "text": "VASCO: Disgruntled voters of Baina, Mangor Hill and Zuarinagar slum areas complained about lack of development. They admit that they have been paid for their votes, but \"are not there for the money as 300 to 500 will last hardly a few hours\". They claim they want to vote for change and a corruption-free Goa.\"Nobody listens to our demands. We will vote for a new person who doesn't show his face in our area once in five years. We want change, we want to have better governance,\" said 28-year-old Rajaram Gawas from Zuarinagar.People residing in the slums admit that the candidates won't help them once the elections are over. \"We know that the money given to us will just last a few days. Ideally, we would like our candidate to provide better infrastructure facilities in Zuarinagar and jobs to the youth. But the bitter truth is that once the elections are over, these candidates will not even meet us. Therefore, it is better to accept money from them than to rely on their promises,\" said 26-year-old Shahrappa.\"What do these politicians do for the poor? Nothing. Yet, I have come to vote in the hope that things will change and poor people like us will get better facilities, our children will get jobs without having to bribe and the prices of essential food items will come down,\" said 43-year-old Zaheerabi Shaikh from Kaitem, Baina.Her friend Razaiabi Shaikh, 45, said that expecting anything from a politician is foolish, \"We are remembered once in five years after which we are forgotten,\" said Razaiabi. She hopes that candidates wooing them for the last one month keep their promise and give government jobs to at least one member in her family. Overhearing this, 61-year-old Mehboob Sheikh, who was also in queue, could not hide his sarcastic smile. \"All these years politicians have failed to keep their promise. It is foolish to expect them to fulfill it now. My house was broken to build Ravindra Bhavan. It has been eight years now and I still have no relief. Yet I am coming to vote because I believe that my vote shouldn't be wasted.\"Yusuf Mullah from Baina said, \"My vote this year is for a candidate who will work for the poor and won't divide people on religious lines.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12129473", "title": "Flower show attracts large crowd", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur Floriculture Society had organised a flower show at JK Lawn, Kamla Nagar, on Saturday. It was inaugurated by Govind Hari Singhania.The exhibition was divided into six sections. Hundreds of flower lovers reached the venue to see the show. \"From bougainvillea to candytuft, carnation, pansy, petunia and poppy, the flowering plants have been placed under various categories. Even different seasonal flowers like rose, daffodils, tuberose and many more are a part of flower show this year,\" Usha Jhunjhnuwala, president of Kanpur Floriculture Society, said.The sub-categories of events were plants in pots, flowering annually in pots, fruits and vegetables, cut flowers, floral decoration and competitions of residential and farmhouse gardens. Secretary of the flower show Rajshree Dalmia said that floral decoration and theme arrangement were given special preference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12128059", "title": "Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti slams netas too busy to meet house panel", "text": "YAVATMAL: Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS) president Kishore Tiwari has slammed the 'indifference' of MPs, ministers, MLAs and other people's representatives to farmers' plight. Tiwari's comments came in the wake of the March 2 visit by parliamentary standing panel on agriculture during which no public representative turned up to brief panel head Basudeb Acharia on the farmers's issue and prevailing agrarian crisis.NCP leaders, including ministers and legislators, arranged a programme to felicitate the newly elected Panchayat Samiti and Zilla Parishad members but did not meet the panel members.Social justice Minister Shivajirao Moghe and his supporters arranged a 'bhoomi pujan' ceremony at Pandharkawda despite the scheduled visit to Sonbardi, a village in his own constituency.Yavatmal MP Bhavana Gawali (Shiv Sena) considered the visit as a routine affair and did not attend. Shiv Sena MLA Sanjay Rathod preferred to work in his constituency as a volunteer for the 54th death anniversary of Mungsaji Maharaj of Dhamangaon Deo.MPCC President Manikrao Thakre and other MLAs of Congress did not meet the panel members. Chandrapur MP Hansraj Ahir of BJP too was not seen.The panel was scheduled to visit two villages - Bhambraja of Yavatmal Tehsil and Maregaon Sonbardi of Pandharkawda Tehsil. Elaborate arrangements were made so that the panel was able to interact with the farmers and acquaint themselves with the issues confronting them.District collector Shravan Hardikar came out with a report that the panel cancelled its visit to village Bhambraja which was once known to produce white gold but later saw a downtrend after the farmers were asked to use the Bt cotton. Irked over the report of the cancellation of visit, villagers staged protests and blocked roads.The panel went to Pandharkawda and met a few farmers. But, Tiwari alleged, farmers or their representatives with vested interests, were introduced to the panel. Efforts were also made to hijack the panel's scheduled visit to Sonbardi.'Finally, on our request Acharia agreed to go to Sonbardi and listen to grievances of affected people,\" said Tiwari. The panel visited Sonbardi and just before the start of public hearing, two members, Upendra Kushwaha and Satyavradh Chaturvedi left for Bambraja.The two members went to the venue where hundreds of farmers and farm widows were anxiously waiting for them. The farmers and farm widows spoke about their problems and appealed the two parliamentarians to find a permanent solution to their woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "it looks like tom cruise is over the moon, literally. well, almost! the hollywood superstar's comeback vehicle mission", "code": "12134746", "title": "MI4 screened in space!", "text": "It looks like Tom Cruise is over the moon, literally. Well, almost! The Hollywood superstar's comeback vehicle Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol was screened for astronauts aboard the International Space Station recently.Confirming the news, the film's director Brad Bird tweeted, \"I am happy to report that MIGP has been recently viewed in outer space, on the International Space Station. (Weightless is the new IMAX!).\"Ghost Protocol, which is the fourth film in the Mission: Impossible series also stars Jeremy Renner , Simon Pegg , Paula Patton and our own Anil Kapoor in supporting roles. The film has become a global box office hit and has collected almost $700 million worldwide. The critically-acclaimed action thriller has also become the highest grossing film of the franchise and the fifth biggest commercial hit of 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12129010", "title": "Digvijaya Singh rubbishes exit polls, predicts good Congress results", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress refused to react to the exit polls, putting a brave face in the wake of claims that it could perform dismally in UP, lose power in Goa and may face resistance in Uttarakhand and Punjab despite having the advantage as opposition party in these two states.The party steered clear of reactions while some of its leaders dismissed the findings. While it got favourable figures on UP in two big exit polls, it seems riled by the claim that it was poised to finish below BJP as last of the four big parties. \"These polls are not correct. Wait for the real results. We are sure to get 125-plus seats,\" AICC general secretary in-charge of UP Digvijay Singh said. BSP, which was shown to be on the verge of losing power, dismissed the exit polls as a \"waste of time\".However, SP appeared satisfied with the overwhelming sentiment in its favour in UP. The party's chief campaigner and heir apparent Akhilesh Yadav said the post-poll surveys were in sync with the sentiment he saw on the ground. \"SP will get majority. People have voted in full strength to oust BSP and our workers were doubly geared up on account of their harassment over five years. Mayawati's corruption and mal-governance have been her undoing,\" he said.He added the vote for Samajwadis would be a positive vote. \"During my kranti rath, I saw that our manifesto promise of laptops that could run in Hindi, English and Urdu really connected with the youth. Then, our promise of unemployment allowance has fired the imagination of the \"youth\". It will be a positive vote for us and our programme,\" he said.BJP appeared satisfied with the exit findings that gave it a good chance of return to power in Punjab, Goa and Uttarakhand, while also predicting a bounce back in UP, where it was decimated in the last two polls.However, the saffron camp maintained the posture that exit polls were underestimating its performance in UP. \"We expect to do well. As far as the exit polls are concerned, difference TV channels are showing different numbers but we are confident of good performance. So let's wait for the results on March 6,\" said Ravi Shankar Prasad, BJP spokesman.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12129073", "title": "VMC seeks CEPT to assist in developing integrated transit system", "text": "VADODARA: Centre for Environment Planning and Technology (CEPT) has been approached by Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) to prepare a plan for an Integrated Transit System (ITS) in the city. The system shall incorporate a Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), a feeder system and a micro transit system.CEPT associate director professor H M Shivanand Swamy, who has an expertise in designing and implementing urban transit systems and has worked on BRTS projects at Ahmedabad, Surat and Jaipur, will lead the work on preparation of a pre-feasibility report for the ITS. He met top brass of the civic body on Saturday and discussed various possibilities for a transit system in the city.VMC commissioner Ashwini Kumar said the pre-feasibility report will have detailed maps and route planning for the ITS. \"CEPT has already done some work on phase one of the proposed BRTS in the city. This will go beyond that and will also be an improvisation of the system in Ahmedabad,\" he said. He added that a proposal to give nod to CEPT to work on the report will be put before the VMC standing committee soon.Swamy said that the city was facing a rise in the population of vehicle and the transport problems were critical. \"We discussed the possibilities of what can be done to solve this. The ITS goes beyond a BRTS,\" he said.The ITS will have BRTS and a network of feeder transit system that will feed the BRTS routes. It will also have a micro transit system in the congested areas of the city that will use electrically powered or similar vehicles that will be small in size.Swamy has suggested that the city could initially have a traffic cell to take care of its needs. This could eventually develop into a special purpose vehicle that could handle the ITS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12128788", "title": "Poll officers accused of being biased in St Andre", "text": "PANAJI: St Andre constituency in North Goa witnessed tense moments throughout the day after allegations of presiding officers and polling officers helping the ruling Congress party did the rounds in the morning.Booth No 35 in Dongorim -- a stronghold of BJP candidate Vishnu Surya Wagh who hails from this area -- witnessed chaos in the morning when BJP supporters claimed the presiding officer was openly asking elderly people to press the top button. The top button on the electronic voting machine was of the Congress.\"He said the same thing to at least 10 voters. We protested and voting was also suspended for a while. Eventually, I complained to the sector officer and then the presiding officer was kept out,\" said BJP candidate Vishnu Surya Wagh.There was considerable police presence outside the polling booth. At one time, there were three jeeps policing the sensitive area. But, while sector officer Anil Kumar Agarwal confirmed there was \"some commotion\" at the polling booth, he denied that the presiding officer was replaced.\"There were some complaints and commotion but then we sorted out the problem. The presiding officer was not replaced,\" Agarwal told STOI.The presiding officer, himself, admitted the commotion but said he was not to be blamed.\"There were only four contestants. So when the old women had a problem scouting for the button, we told them to look on top. The rivals misinterpreted that message,\" said the presiding officer who refused to provide his name.Complaints that the opposition BJP were at the receiving end were not stray. At the Casa do Povo hall in Goa Velha, there were complaints that the light was insufficient and whenever the voters approached the election officers on duty at the booth, they were encouraged to vote on the top symbol.\"I was the first to vote at the booth and saw that the room was dark. The officers told me that the light will improve soon but that was not the case. The officials were all biased and turned a blind eye to supporters of the Congress candidate openly canvassing just outside the booth. I had to make several calls to the police to get them out,\" said Simon Caiado, a strong BJP supporter from Zuari in Goa Velha.In Curca, local MLA and Congress candidate Francisco Silveira was reported to have been involved in a war of words with locals. The MLA accused the locals of back-stabbing him, an accusation the locals did not take lying down.A couple of BJP supporters were also detained, and later released, while police were called in several areas to defuse apparent tension.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "12137735", "title": "Woman gets life imprisonment for killing mother in-law", "text": "ROURKELA: A daughter in-law, who had killed her mother in-law in the district about a year-and-a-half ago, was sentenced to life imprisonment by a local court here on Saturday.According to sources, the incident occurred on December 27, 2010 in Patalakuda village under Biramitrapur block of the district. The convict Priyanka (20) is the wife of Rajesh Jha, a native of Darbhanga of Bihar , who was working as a tax collector in Odisha-Jharkhand border and has been residing in Patalakuda village as a tenant with his wife and mother Sita Devi (55).Sources said on the fateful day, Rajesh came back to his house from his workplace at about 12 noon to have his lunch. But lunch was not ready and he went back to work after instructing his wife to feed his mother as soon as lunch was ready. Rajesh came back again at about 2 pm and knocked on the door but nobody answered. He entered the house from the back gate and was shocked to find his mother lying dead on the floor in a pool of blood. When he inquired about the incident, his wife pleaded innocence. When Rajesh threatened his wife of dire consequences and asked her to reveal the truth, she confessed that she killed her mother-in-law by slitting her throat with the help of a paniki (vegetable cutter).Rajesh lodged a complaint in Biramitrapur police station, according to which police arrested Priyanka and seized the weapon of crime and blood stained clothes from the house.After completion of hearing of the case, additional district session judge Md Ajmal ordered life sentence for Priyanka. Although Priyanka and her mother claimed the incident occurred during self defense, the judge ignored their plea and order LI to the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "12129833", "title": "Excavation to begin at Vadali", "text": "PALANPUR: Archaeological Survey of Gujarat hopes to find remains of centuries old civilization that may have once thrived at Vadali near Patan in north Gujarat. \"A four member team will begin excavation at the site from Monday. The excavation work would continue for at least three months,\" superintending archaeologist Hitesh Shah said.\"Earlier, we had found a small Buddhist Vihara (monastery) at Vadnagar. During our work here I found enough clues that suggested that the site had many ancient monuments,\" Shah added.\"Patan has history that goes past several hundreds of years. It has a distinct character and the archaeological sites found at Patan are indeed very rare,\" said Gujarat State Archaeology superintendent Dr Yadubirsingh Rawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129932", "title": "Constable in anti-corruption bureau net for taking 300", "text": "PUNE: A police constable attached to the Sahakarnagar police station was arrested by the anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune, on Thursday while accepting Rs 300 as a bribe from a college student to register a complaint pertaining to loss of documents and property.The constable has been identified as Sadashiv Tirdan Bidlan (53) of the Khadak police colony. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Abhishek Vivek Joshi of Bibvewadi with the ACB.ACB officials said that on Wednesday,Joshi had gone to the Bibvewadi police chowkey to lodge a complaint about loss of his valuables. When Joshi approached Bidlan, he first told him that he would not register the complaint. Later, he told Joshi to bring an affidavit and Rs 300 along with it. Joshi lodged a plaint with the ACB office on Thursday. A police team, led by assistant police commissioner H V Bhat of the ACB, laid a trap and nabbed Bidlan while accepting Rs 300 from Joshi. tnnPolice inspector of ACB Vinod Satav is investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12133831", "title": "I don't think Bollywood likes us much: Palash Sen", "text": "Palash Sen of Euphoria, who was in Kochi recently, on what keeps the band still ticking Then and now...When you are passionate about what you do, you get the energy out of nowhere! I feel blessed to do what I do; the stage is my place of worship and there is nothing else I want to do. In each concert, I live my lifetime. Speaking about Kochi, I didn't except the people here to even speak in Hindi, but here they are, singing along all through.On the cards... We will soon be releasing our new album, Item. We have completed the shoot for the first video already. There's also Bollywood film Mumbai Cutting coming up soon, we have done the music as well. I don't think Bollywood likes us much. Personally, I'm not too fond of composing music for Bollywood. When it comes to my band, it's my words, my thoughts and my music whereas for a movie, it's someone else's thoughts, someone else's vision and you have to do what they ask of you. There's no fun in making plastic music.Despite new line-ups, the band continues... It's tough for a band to stick on. People have left because of various differences. But there are new people with similar perspectives and the only thing we are greedy about is perfection. We treat each other like family and what you see on stage is music from that family, from the same perspective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12129753", "title": "Surat decked up for Dr Syedna's 101st birthday", "text": "SURAT: The diamond city's economy is set to get a booster dose as tens of thousands of Dawoodi Bohras from across the country and abroad start arriving in the city from Sunday to participate in the 101th birthday celebrations of their spiritual leader his holiness Dr Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin Saheb.Dawoodi Bohra community leaders said Dr Syedna will arrive in the city in his private aircraft on Monday. He will stay in the city for more than a week to celebrate his 101st birthday on March 13 with his followers and community members.\"About 2 lakh Dawoodi Bohras are expected to descend on the city from Sunday. Most of the community members will arrive from various parts of the country. However, we expect more than 30,000 embers to arrive in the city from abroad,\" a leader of Dawoodi Bohra community Yusuf Badri said.He said, \"His holiness had celebrated his 75th birthday in Surat. Now, he is celebrating his 101st birthday ere. A series of religious programmes will be held at Dawoodi Bohra headquarters in Zampa Bazaar.\" Most of the big and small hotels, guest houses etc. in the city have been booked till March 14. Even the rent of apartments in and around Zampa Bazaar has doubled up in the last one month.Vice-president of South Gujarat Hotels and Restaurant Association (SAHRA) Sanat Relia said, \"There is 100 per cent occupancy in each and every hotel of the city against the average 50 per cent occupancy ratio. Most of the Bohra clients had booked the hotels days in advance.\"The restaurant business, too, is likely to pick up as Dawoodi Bohras would venture out into the city devouring their taste buds with typical Gujarati dishes and non-vegetarian varieties.Owner of Garden View Restaurant Paresh Mehta said, \"Dawoodi Bohras love to eat Gujarati food. We have started getting a good rush during the evening hours and most of them are Bohra customers.\"The garment industry, too, is upbeat over the arrival of Bohras in the city in large numbers. The garment and dress material retailers are expecting a good business in the next fortnight.President of Federation of Surat Textile Traders Association (FOSTA) Devkishan Manghani said, \"We expect the textile traders to do a brisk business as tens of thousands of Bohras are visiting the city to celebrate the birthday of their spiritual leader.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12128774", "title": "Elderlywoman robbed in house", "text": "KOLKATA: A septuagenarian woman was assaulted and robbed by three miscreants in her Behala apartment on the south-western fringes of Kolkata on Saturday evening.Maya Bhattacharya was alone in her third-floor flat on Behala's Fakirpara Lane when the incident took place. Her son Bidyut, a private-sector employee, was at office, while her daughter-in-law had gone outfor some work.Around 5.30pm, she heard a tap on the front door. No sooner did Maya open the door, than the goons barged into the house. To the victim's horror, the trio had already broken the lock on the collapsible gate that shielded the door. and opened it without any suspicion as she was confirm the collapsible gate in front of the main door was locked and none would be able to barge in.But the elderly woman could not guess that soon after opening the door, miscreants would storm in as before knocking the door, they managed to break the lock of the collapsible gate.When Initially, Maya tried to resist them by block the way, the miscreants hit her on the head with a blunt weapon. She collapsed to the floor. But in sometime she gained consciousness and raised an alarm. This scared the trio and they who were then in a bid to break open the almirah, by the gang of three hit on her head with any blunt weapon and sneaked inside. They robbed all her ornaments and stole two cell phones before leaving.The woman collapsed on the floor after being hit but soon gain conscious and raised an larm. By then the robbers were in a bid to break the almirah for more valuables.Police at Parnasree police station were informed. She was later taken to Vidyasagar hospital for treatment.The family had moved into this flat only five days back and people, who helped in the shifting, might be behind the crime, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12128067", "title": "Petition seeks withdrawal of President's medal to PSO", "text": "AKOLA: A unique writ petition filed in the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has sought to issue direction to authorities concerned to take back the President's medal awarded to Nandkumar Kale in January, police station officer ( PSO) at Karanja Lad in Washim. The petition is likely to come up for hearing before the division bench on Monday.Yashwant Deshmukh (45), police patil of village Vyala in Akola district, has filed the petition and made the Union of India, home secretary of Maharashtra, director general of police, Mumbai, Maharashtra state IB, inspector general of police, Amravati, Washim superintendent of police and Nandkumar Kale respondents.The petitioner alleged that five criminal cases are pending in various courts against Kale under sections 182, 217, 218, 294, 395, 166, 167, 323, 468, 469 and 471 of IPC. Two cases were filed in Balapur, two in Civil Lines and one in Ramdaspeth police stations here.The petitioner said that Kale's name was recommended for the President's award without observing the various legal norms and merit. One increment of Kale was stopped as cases were filed against him, the petitioner said to back his claim. The petition has shocked the police department.Meanwhile, reports said that the petitioner was allegedly threatened by Kale on Friday afternoon on a mobile phone. Kale allegedly used vulgar language and threatened to finish him off. The petitioner has filed a written complaint and submitted it to the DSP office here. He told the DSP that Kale would be held responsible if anything wrong happened to him. He alleged that the Ramdaspeth police station did not accept the complaint against Kale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12127983", "title": "Leaders want Machilipatnam port work expedited", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Threatening to intensify the agitation for Machilipatnam port, an all-party round table conference held here on Saturday demanded that the state government make a statement before the end of the ongoing assembly session.TDP MP from Machilipatnam, Konakalla Narayana, called for a district bandh on April 11 in protest against the indifferent attitude of the state government.\"We are ready to make the agitation a state-level movement if the government does not expedite the port construction works,\" Narayana warned. He observed that the chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy failed to keep his promises made on settling the controversy over the land allocation to the port construction firm during his visits to the district. He said that it was unfortunate that the government had not responded even though the locals of Machilipatnam were agitating for the past 445 days.TDP leader and district party chief, Devineni Umamaheswara Rao criticised the government for not evincing interest in bagging the major port for Machilipatnam in case it was not interested in handing over the work to the private contractor.He said that the Centre was ready with Rs 2,500 crore provided the state government allocated just about 2,800 acres of land. \"The government had already acquired nearly 2,000 acres in Machilipatnam and it would not be a big task to acquire the remaining land if the chief minister showed some interest to bring the major project to the state,\" he lashed out.Congress leader Buragadda Vedavyas said that construction of Bandar port would help the district in achieving over-all development. He too admitted that the delay in launching the port work had damaged the reputation of the Congress government. CPI leader Akkineni Vanaja, TDP leader Umamaheswara Rao and others spoke and expressed their anger over the lackadaisical attitude of the government. All the leaders vowed to intensify the agitation and participate in the movement irrespective of their political affiliations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12129304", "title": "Essay question in CBSE English exam sparks debate", "text": "CHENNAI: It wasn't just the eight lakh students taking the Class 12 CBSE board exams who were affected by a particular question in the English paper. Parents and academics gave vent to their feelings, sparking a debate on reality versus sensitivity.The question was: \"You witnessed a fire in a slum near your colony on Saturday night. You were very much disturbed at the pathetic sight. Write a report in 100-125 words for your school magazine... \" In Delhi, children were asked to imagine scene of a bomb blast in a Delhi market and write about it.While some felt it was insensitive to ask 17-year-olds such a question, others said there was no point shielding children from the realities of life.One parent said, \"What is my son expected to do... write about charred bodies and people dying? Children writing the exam are already tense, why add negativity to it?\" Many, including students, agreed. Deepa Gajendran, a Class 10 student, said, \"A fire in a slum is something very sad. I felt cheap writing about my feelings on something like that to score marks.\"St John's International Residential School senior principal R Kishore Kumar said. \"When testing students on vocabulary or literary prowess, they might as well be asked to write on something positive.\"There were opposite views too. A parent said, \"The question was fine. My son took the same exam. Parenting is about making children ready for the real world. Not shielding them from it. I would love to read my son's answer to that supposedly offending question. It will reflect his thinking.\"There was a buzz online, with people responding with posts like, \"This is a question for forensic science graduates/police trainees. Definitely not for school students,\" on a micro-blogging site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12133099", "title": "Congress would get 'at least one hundred' seats in UP: Digvijaya Singh", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh on Sunday said that he did not believe the exit polls' prediction that his party would win less than 40 seats in the Uttar Pradesh assembly election.\"We all know that exit polls have gone wrong in the past, and this will happen now again,\" he said, talking to PTI here.Asked how many seats he expected Congress to win, Singh said: \"At least one hundred.\"He added that exit polls could go wrong because of a number of factors, including the fact that they are based on responses of very few.\"In a state where crores of people cast their vote, you cannot make any assessment simply by talking to a few thousand persons,\" the Congress general secretary said.Asked what he thought of the exit polls' prediction that Samajwadi Party could even get an absolute majority on its own, Singh said, \"Impossible.\"Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128846", "title": "Budget 2012: Rs 710 crore to combat tuberculosis in next fiscal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The annual budget to combat tuberculosis (TB), the deadly air-borne disease, for 2012-13 will see about 80% increase over last fiscal. While, the country's annual health budget is set to increase by a meagre 13% this year, the Planning Commission has decided to raise allocation for the TB control programme to about Rs 710 crore for 2012-13.In 2011-12, the programme had received Rs 400 crore. Health ministry officials said \"The Revised National TB control programme (RNTCP) had demanded around Rs 936 crore for 2012-13. But it will get around Rs 710 crore. While the overall health budget will increase by around 13% this year, our budget will increase by nearly 80%. This is largely because we have a history of good spending. As against Rs 1,440 crore budget for TB control in the 11th Plan, we spent Rs 1,625 crore.\"In the 12th Plan, the TB control budget could see an increase by over 400%. As against Rs 1,440 crore in the 11th Plan, the Union health ministry's working group has prepared a Rs 5, 825- crore programme for the 12th Plan.The officials added, \"With the outlay in the first year itself crossing Rs 700 crore, we are confident that between 2012 and 2017, we should receive close to Rs 6,000 crore in total.\"India accounts for about one fifth (21%) of TB's global incidence, or an estimated 2 million cases.So far, RNTCP has evaluated over 44 million people for TB and initiated treatment for over 12.8 million patients. It has also saved more than 2.3 million lives. In the 12th Plan, TB control will be ramped up in a big way. Plans are afoot to treat 83 lakh TB patients, including 1.2 lakh TB patients for multi-drug resistant TB. Among HIV-infected TB patients, 90% will be provided ART during TB treatment to reduce mortality. Targets also include 90% notification rate for all cases, 90% success rate for all new and 85% for re-treatment cases.According to the 12th Plan document for TB control prepared by the ministry, the Annual Risk of TB Infection (ARTI) has reduced from 1.5% to 1.1% and prevalence has also reduced from 316 per lakh population in 2007 to 266 per lakh population in 2010.Anti-TB drugs alone are projected to cost Rs 1,797 crore, of which 62% is for costly second-line MDR TB drugs that such patients are otherwise unable to afford themselves.The ministry also plans to develop evidence-based treatment guidelines for TB cases resistant to drugs other than Rifampicin.The ministry is looking at setting up 43 Culture and Drug susceptibility testing (CDST) laboratories by next year, while another 30 CDST labs will be established through public private partnerships by 2015.The ministry aims to roll out complete geographical coverage of MDR-TB treatment services up to district level by next year. Around 120 DOTS Plus sites will be identified by 2013 each of which will cater to 10 million population for initial management of MDR-TB. India also plans to declare free universal access to drugs for all patients suffering from MDR TB. Between 2012 and 2017, India plans to put all TB patients suffering from drug resistance on treatment. Now, only 5,000 MDR TB patients get free treatment in the DOTS Plus centers. However, India is supposed to have nearly a lakh patients suffering from MDR TB.The four countries that had the largest number of estimated cases of MDR-TB in absolute terms in 2008 were China (100,000), India (99,000), Russia (38,000) and South Africa (13,000).\"Under the 12th Plan, to be rolled out from April, both pulmonary and non-pulmonary cases will be treated. Our target is to detect 70% infectious cases and cure 85% of them. Those who have TB in lungs infect others. Lung TB accounts for about 50% of the disease, and the rest are for various other parts of the body,\" an official said.Promoting rational use of anti-TB drugs to reduce drug resistance levels will also be a major part of the 12th Plan.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12128884", "title": "Feathered friends: Bird lover hosts more than 20 species in his garden", "text": "NOIDA: Frequented by parrots, mynahs and sparrows, the house of environmentalist Dushyant Parasher is a haven for birds. Rare species like Green Bee-eaters, Oriental white-eyes and Sun birds also pay the occasional visit to the tranquil home.When Parasher - also a wildlife photographer and author - moved to his Noida home with his wife Rachna two decades ago, the couple made a conscious decision to plant as many saplings as possible in their small 'garden area'. Their efforts have reaped fruit and the 150 sq yard spread - now lush with trees and bougainvillea creepers - serves as the nesting and breeding ground for over 20 species of birds.\"Last Tuesday, I spotted an Oriental Green Fly Catcher in my garden. The bird that can eat up to 300 insects a day has never been seen in Noida before,\" said Parasher. His garden is often visited by dragon flies and squirrels. Curiously, it also hosts a breeding population of house sparrows that are otherwise moving towards extinction, particularly in urban areas. \"The house sparrow was the most widely distributed species of the world. Sadly, it is suddenly disappearing from the urban landscape. The main reason for the digression is the destruction of the bird's natural habitat. These birds thrive in fields, amid shrubs. Besides, for the first 15 days after its birth, the house sparrow feeds only on worms,\" he said. \"Concretization of cities is robbing the sparrows of their natural habitat and thus, they seem to be ousting the cities,\" he adds.The couple take intricate care to ensure that their home remains a safe shelter. No chemical pesticides are ever used, the bird bath in the garden and the backyard remains filled with fresh water, and there are abundant grains and seeds for the birds to feast on. Keeping options of natural feeding open, the couple ensures that dry flowers are not plucked and thrown away and leaves that fall off the branches are left on the ground.Many bird watchers and nature enthusiasts have befriended Parasher and visit his house to look at the birds and click photographs. If residents got over their obsession for \"manicured gardens\" and made efforts to create similar islands of greenery, it will go a long way in restoring an ideal environment for birds, said Parasher.\"If local parks were replaced by mini forests with small ponds, indigenous aquatic plants would find room to grow and water birds would find sustenance. Once such a system is established, it will be an ideal home for a host of birds and other,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "12130376", "title": "CAG report adds to worries of Kurukshetra University's distance education department", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: An audit report recommending discontinuation of nine courses has added to the worries of Kurukshetra University's distance education department, which has seen a decline in the number of students enrolled during the session 2011-12.In its report submitted in the budget session of Haryana Vidhan Sabha, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) had suggested discontinuation of nine courses identified by it, as these were not producing the desired results.According to figures provided by the university, about 29,000 students were enrolled for the session 2011-12.Expressing inability to provide exact details about income from distance education department, authorities confirmed a loss of Rs 3 crore on account of decline in the number of students. Authorities apprehended further loss by discontinuing the courses. It is learned that distance education department has an annual contribution of around Rs 12 crore to Rs 14 crore towards university's total income.An official of the university said that the CAG issue is separate, but decline in the number of students in all courses has some specific reasons behind it. Actually, students are finding courses in neighbouring universities more convenient as they get more marks easily because of objective type questions in the examinations there, he said.Some students, who did not want to reveal their identities, said, \"If we can get more marks in neighboring universities due to their exam structure, why to opt for KU where we find it hard.\"Prof Rajnish Sharma, director, distance education department, said, \"We accept changes in courses with changing times. We are serious about the decreasing number of students. But we see hope that some students still enroll as a few days are left for the last date with late fee. If some more students come, our losses will decrease.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12130432", "title": "Election Commission lets off Beni Prasad Verma with a warning", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission tonight let off Union minister Beni Prasad Verma with a warning for his remarks on Muslim sub-quota and closed the model code of conduct violation case against him accepting his \"remorse and sincere regret\" for the utterances.The Commission said it was ending the matter in view of the regrets expressed by the steel minister and in the wake of the complainant BJP deciding not to pursue the matter further.\"It is apparent that Shri Verma has not denied that he violated the model code of conduct and has expressed his unqualified regrets for the same.\"He has also shown his highest regard for the conduct of free and fair elections by the Commission and expressed his sincerest regrets, if any, of his comments in his impugned statement have caused anguish to the Commission\", the EC said adding Verma \"has, thus, shown his commitment to the cause of free and fair elections and also his remorse for violating the model code of conduct\".The EC order said the Commission \"hopes and expects that Shri Beni Prasad Verma would be careful not to violate the model code of conduct in future and would be more circumspect in his public utterances during election campaigns when the atmosphere is already surcharged and any violation of model code of conduct may lead to serious consequences of promoting ill-will or disharmony among various sections of citizens\".While addressing a poll rally on the night of February 15 in Farukkabad in the presence of Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh and Union Law Minister Salman Khurshid, Verma had said \"reservation for Muslims will be increased and if EC wants, it can now issue a notice to me.\"The Union Minister was issued a show cause notice by EC on February 18 by the Election Commission over his remarks after holding that prima facie it was a violation of the model code of conduct and sought his reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12133709", "title": "Dragonfly is the new cupid: Akashdeep Saigal", "text": "Akashdeep Saigal nee Skywalker is in a chatty mode, after staying quiet for a long time. In fact, even after his eviction from Bigg Boss' house, Sky had not retaliated to any of the controversial statements made about him by his detractors.He explains his absence saying: \"My mother was not keeping too well at that time, so I just focussed on her well-being. Thank God! She's OK now.\"'Bahu for mom'So, when does this mama's boy plan to bring a bahu for his mom? Sky replies rather mysteriously: \"It all depends on the dragonfly! For your information, cupid is outdated. The new cupid is a dragonfly! Confused??? You will soon get the answers. Till then... keep guessing!Veena Malik's dulha?Given a chance, would he consider being a candidate for Veena Malik's swayamvar? After all, she is quite a hottie and he, an eligible bachelor! Without a moment's hesitation, he replies with a grin: \"That's not my idea of improving cross border relationships... ha ha ha ha haaaa!!!\"Guess, his multiple hahahas say a lot!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12129098", "title": "Forest department gears up to control forest fires", "text": "COIMBATORE: The forest department has made arrangements to prevent forest fires that pose a threat to large patches of the Western Ghats in summer. In the Coimbatore region, six vulnerable areas have been identified and officials and temporary workers deployed to prevent fires.More than 100 trained personnel have been deployed in vulnerable areas to mobilize the local public and alert officials to dowse any outbreak of fire. \"We have cleared the under vegetation up to three metres from the road to forests to avoid accidental fire. People who use the forest roads often cause the fire,'' said DFO V Thirunavukarasu. Village awareness committees have also been formed in forest fringe settlements for fire fighting.According to Erode forest conservator D Arun, special care has been taken to avoid wild fires in the forests bordering the Coimbatore-Sathyamangalam-Mysore road. Undergrowth has been cleared and trained protective staff deployed in Bhavani Sagar, Thalavadi and Anthiyur ranges, he said. Protective steps have been taken in the Anamalai region, said Anamalai Tiger Reserve director Thygarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12127963", "title": "Samajwadi Party clearly ahead in UP, Congress has edge in Punjab and Uttarakhand: Exit polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Samajwadi Party is the clear No.1 in Uttar Pradesh, perhaps even in line for a majority, while the Congress has the edge in close races in Punjab, Uttarakhand and Manipur, and the BJP in Goa, if exit polls are to be believed.Pollsters were unanimous that the SP would end in pole position when the votes are counted on Tuesday, though the projected seats for the party in the 403-member UP assembly ranged from 141 to 183. In fact, the CNN-IBN-CSDS poll, which has so far projected vote shares but not seats in the state, gave the SP 34% to the BSP's 24%. Given that the BSP swept to a majority with 30% of the votes in 2007, that suggests a comfortable majority for the SP this time.All the polls also agreed that there would be a sharp erosion in the BSP's tally of seats, with the projections ranging from 83 to 126, making it a distant second and a far cry from the 206 it won in 2007. The BJP is seen as gaining somewhat and the consensus is that it will remain in third spot.Exit polls give BJP 3rd slot in UPThe BJP is likely to be placed third in the UP assembly, after the Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party, exit polls say. In some of the exit polls, the BJP even comes close to challenging BSP for the second spot.The CNN-IBN-CSDS poll puts the SP ahead across all regions and communities of UP. For the Congress, if the polls are right, there is little to cheer despite predictions that its tally would at least double and even touch 60-70 from the 22 it won last time.In Punjab and Uttarakhand, while most polls are projecting the Congress as ahead in close races, it is not clear whether the majority mark will be reached. The CNN-IBN-CSDS poll, unlike the rest, actually gives the Akali-BJP alliance an edge over the Congress in Punjab.In Manipur, the two exit polls/post-polls that are making projections suggest that while the Congress will be comfortably ahead of the Manipur People's Party-led opposition combine, it might just fall short of a majority.The Trinamool Congress seems to be making an impressive debut in the state, perhaps even upstaging the main opposition alliance.In Goa, CVoter for India TV and various other channels and publications, indicated that the BJP-led combine has an edge over the Congress-NCP alliance.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12128625", "title": "Mysore Palace entry fee hiked", "text": "MYSORE: The New York Times recently listed Mysore Palace as one of the 31 must-see places on Earth for two years in a row. Known for its drawing power, the palace plays host to an average 2.5 million tourists each year.And beginning Sunday, the Palace board has decided to double the entrance fees from Rs 20 to Rs 40. Officials say they haven't revised the fee since nine years and justified it saying it is to meet the maintenance cost of the sprawling building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12128702", "title": "Revive sale of printed forms: Union", "text": "NEW DELHI: Minutes after being elected, JNUSU president Sucheta De said the union will urge the administration to make admission forms available at counters. From this admission session, JNU has completely done away with physical forms, switching to an online application and registration process. The union will also seek a decease in the viva weightage during the admission process.\"Our immediate agenda is to ensure that the administration starts selling the application forms over the counters as well. We have received feedback from students from remote areas who don't have internet access,\" said De.Another admission-related issue which concerns the union is the weightage of viva voce. At present, 70 per cent weightage is given to the written test and viva voce gets 30 per cent weightage. \"Viva is subjective and can be discriminatory. We demand that its weightage should be brought down to 15 per cent,\" said vice-president Abhishek Kumar Yadav. The union will also seek more representation of the physically challenged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12129023", "title": "MSU's law student best speaker at International Moot Court competition", "text": "VADODARA: For the first time a student of M S University's faculty of law has been adjudged as best speaker at an international moot court competition.A fourth year student of the faculty Nidhi Vyas has bagged the best speaker award at Justice P N Bhagwati Second International Moot Court competition, which was held on the theme of human rights at Bhartiya Vidyapeeth, New Law College, Pune.The competition was organized for all law students of the country in which a mock case related to \"Illegal deployment of armed forces and violation of human rights by one country on other\" was given. A total of 34 teams of law students, including 28 national teams and six international teams, including students from London , Canada and Mauritius among others, had participated in the competition.\"In this competition, teams had to argue (called as moot) for their party which in this case were two countries before the judge,\" said Vyas, who acted as mooter in the three-member team that included Anisha Biyala as another mooter and Harsh Pathak as researcher from faculty's Baroda School of Legal Studies.The team ranked sixth in this competition and was awarded certificate and trophy from the hands of former chief justice of India Justice P N Bhagwati. Vyas, who won the best mooter (female) was awarded trophy by chairman of Human Rights Commission, Maharashtra, Justice K R Vyas.\"Our students have been participating in national level moot court competitions in the past as well. Many a times, the entire team and individuals have been adjudged as best teams and best mooters in such competitions. But it is for the first time that one of our student has been adjudged best mooter at an international moot court competition,\" faculty member Dr Archana Gadekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12128439", "title": "Gehlot warms up to CPM", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress was seen warming up to Communist Party of India (M) ahead of next year's assembly elections when chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Saturday inaugurated the CPI(M)'s newly constructed 'Swatantra Senani Swami Kumaranand Smriti Bhawan' here.Speaking on the occasion, Gehlot said the Congress and the Communist party have always worked together to maintain unity and would continue to do so to ensure that non-secular forces in the state and in the country do not create a division.\"Kumaranand was a great revolutionary who had been part of the freedom struggle. It is matter of great honour that he settled in Rajasthan. His life and ideology is an inspiration for the youth,\" the chief minister said recollecting his days when he had participated in several meeting at the old building as president of the NSUI.Gehlot pointed out that Kumaranand was a dedicated and committed worker. \"He was earlier associated with the Congress, but later became a CPI(M) member,\" Gehlot said.He further said, \"The idea of joining politics should always be serving the nation, but unfortunately that is not always the case.\"The chief minister also criticized the political parties which are involved politics based on religion. \"Fundamentalists in such parties only ignite the dangerous fire while members of Congress, CPI and CPI(M) have always worked to douse the fire,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12129175", "title": "City realtors need to change mindset, says Mumbai-based architect", "text": "INDORE: At a time when the real estate sector in Indore is passing through a paradigm shift from investors' market to the actual users, there is an urgent need for them to change their mindset, feels a noted Mumbai-based architect &amp; designer.Talking to ToI, Jimmy Mistry, said, \"There is a tremendous potential for growth of real estate in the city, particularly after the news of arrival of information technology majors, TCS and Infosys , to Indore. Still, I feel that a lot was desired for the city, which is not there as of now.\"There was tremendous potential for growth in the city, which boasts of being closer to Pune in terms of look, said Mistry.\"For example, if you travel in the city, you'll not find any symbolic architecture over here,\" rued Mistry, whose firm, Della Tecnica, which claims to have designed properties measuring 70 lakh sq feet, in the city. The problem was that the realtors in the city were not interested in the city design, said he. \"I feel that the whole city design has to be of prime importance,\" he said.The real estate developers here will have to offer good design buildings to other growing segments like SMEs, said Mistry adding that residential sites were equally important. Commenting on the local administration, Mistry said that it required to get its planning to the next level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12128696", "title": "New Market subway off limits for 6 months", "text": "BHOPAL: Users will have to wait at least for six months to use the New Market subway again. The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) closed the subway to carry out the BRTS work last month. For a year or so, the road starting from the Major Nanke petrol pump tri-section to the Roshanpura square, is dug up, causing problems to users.Looking at the tardy pace of work, road commuters and subway users will face problems for many months, said Shalini Choudhary, a student. The good thing is once completed the residents will get to use wider subway, he added.\"The completion of the work on this stretch of the road will take another six months,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastav told TOI. \"This includes shifting of statues on the way,\" he added.The 24 km long BRTS corridor extends from Misrod to Bairagarh and the civic body is supposed to complete the work by the end of March. At the speed the work continues, meeting the deadline looks quite unlikely, said a source. The slow pace of the work had forced the corporation to extend the deadline twice in the past.The BMC has also taken off railings on the dividers to replace these with the new ones, further adding to the problems of the user.\"The railings will be replaced in a month,\" the commissioner promised.The BRTS corridor has become more of a problem than a help for commuters, says Ajay Singh, another commuter.\"It is not possible for us to know which patch of rod is under construction and where the work is over. Many times in the past, we came across the dug up road next day,\" Anmol Jain, a student said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12128298", "title": "67 candidates in bypoll fray", "text": "HYDERABAD: As many as 67 candidates remained in fray for the bypolls to be held for seven Assembly constituencies in Andhra Pradesh as the deadline for withdrawal of nominations ended on Saturday evening.By-elections to six assembly constituencies in Telangana region and one in Andhra will be held on March 18.Kovur segment in Andhra region has the highest number of 14 contestants followed by 13 in Mahbubnagar, 11 in Nagarkurnool, nine each in Kamareddy and Kollapur, six in Adilabad and five in Station Ghanpur, according to state chief electoral officer Bhanwar Lal.As many as 22 candidates withdrew from the contest while nominations of 14 aspirants were rejected during the scrutiny, he said.The CEO said Rs 3.6 crore in cash and 72,000 litres of liquor were seized from different locations during the searches conducted over the last few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129359", "title": "Private hospital nurses rise in protest", "text": "Joining the wave of protests across the country, nurses from several private hospitals in Chennai lashed out against their managements on Saturday, demanding better wages and work conditions. Nearly 2,000 nurses from Apollo Hospitals , Madras Medical Mission and Fortis Malar Hospital struck work holding placards that asked the management to 'respect our work.' Junior nurses are paid a gross monthly salary of `7,000 as against `20,000 their counterparts in government service draw.The strike brought about an unusual bonhomie among private hospitals which issued a joint press statement in the evening. \"The managements have decided to come together to take a uniform and collective stance on handling such issues,\" said the release. Some of the hospitals had earlier held talks with representatives of the nurses' associations in the presence of a labour department official, but to no avail. A statement issued by the Apollo Welfare Association for Registered Nurses demanded an increase in basic salary from `3,000 to `10,000.Saraswathy, a nurse at Madras Medical Mission, said the management had asked the women nurses to vacate the hostel. The hospital issued a statement saying nurses had gone on strike after a settlement was reached on Friday before the labour commissioner. \"These discussions are a sham\" said a nurse at Fortis Malar. \"Before the labour commissioner, the management offered us an increase of `30 in night allowance as a settlement.\"Joint labour commissioner C Somburajan said the government had a limited role here. \"Talks are on with three hospital managements. We can insist that they pay minimum wages, but can't force hospitals to hike salaries,\" he said. In the joint statement, the hospitals said the nurses were given, besides the base salary, accommodation, food and transport. Nurses are not convinced. \"How can anyone survive with a basic salary of `3,000 and an annual increment of `300? Do they know that a meal costs `50?\" said J V Monica, a gold medalist from a city nursing college, with oneand-a-half year experience at Apollo Hospitals. Following protests in other cities, nurses at Fortis Malar first raised their voice on February 23 after the management forcibly shifted 140 female nurses from their hostels to a place they said could accommodate hardly 50 people, near a slum. Nurses at Madras Medical Mission started the strike on Thursday, followed by the Apollo nurses on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12133060", "title": "Getting under a woman\u2019s skin", "text": "Pakistan-born British plastic surgeon Dr Mohammad Jawad is the subject of an Oscar-nominated documentary, and the hero in acid burn victim Zakia's life. Shweta Shiware chats with the 'saviour'.Standing nose-to-nose with an acid burn survivor doesn't scare Dr Mohammad Jawad. An Oscar does.The London-based plastic surgeon of Pakistani origin has inspired Saving Face, a 2012 Academy Award nominee for Documentary (Short). \"Numbed. Shocked. Worried,\" he said about his reaction to the nomination news.Directed by Emmy Award-winning Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy and Daniel Junge, the film speaks for acid attack survivors in Pakistan - most of them women - whom conservative estimates put at 150 a year. Zakia, then, is just a number. The 39-year-old from Southern Punjab, who sits in Dr Jawad's clinic in one of the early shots in the film, had acid hurled at her, which left her without an eye and half a nose, and trapped in her home or behind a headto-toe hijab and black glasses, in case she ever decided to step out.But \"giving up was not an option,\" said the surgeon, who rebuilt Zakia's face - using Matriderm, a synthetic skin substitute - and fractured confidence through a process that spanned three long stages. \"We wrapped up last August. It's not perfect, but it has restored her physical self to a decent standard. The psychological healing will take longer,\" said Dr Jawad, who admitted to having played shrink, sympathiser and friend to survivors.For the last four years, he has divided his time between London , where he works for the National Health Service, and the Indus Hospital in his hometown, Karachi , where he treats acid victims pro bono. \"I'd use my annual leave for it. Besides, my mother was not very well at the time, and I wanted to visit her as often as I could,\" said the son of a middle-class family involved in the manufacture of readymade garments.His time back home has made him question the role of women in Pakistani society, where he said, men consider it their right to treat women as property. Rukhsana, another patient, had no choice but to continue to live with her husband and in-laws, the perpetrators of a gasoline attack on her. In a poignant moment in the film, Rukhsana confides, \"I hope my child is a boy, because a girl's future gets risky after marriage.\" Her wish came true and she named her son after Jawad.Saving Face is witness to not just physical change, but legal too. In May last year, a historic bill was passed in the Pakistan National Assembly. \"Whoever victimises someone through the use of corrosive substance shall be punished with life imprisonment or imprisonment of either description which shall not be less than 14 years and a minimum fine of one million rupees,\" read the newly introduced section 336B that amended the Pakistan Penal Code, 1860, and the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1908. Zakia found strength in a lawyer who took up her case pro bono, and watched her husband receive two life sentences. It's fitting, then, that co-director Chinoy calls this a work of hope.timeslife@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12128809", "title": "HUDA plans citywide rain harvesting centres", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is planning to develop rainwater harvesting structures in all residential and industrial areas in Gurgaon. All engineers working in different zones of HUDA have been instructed to earmark the areas where maximum rainwater gets collected during the monsoon.\"The engineers have been told to mark the areas with specific coordinates on maps of each sector in the city. These points will be used for installation of rainwater harvesting in a big way,\" said HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar .In the project the agency is planning to develop over 200 structures. HUDA is planning to involve the Residents' Welfare Associations (RWA) of different sectors to work on the rainwater harvesting development project. The administrator said that the structures were being built as an effort by HUDA to bolster the depleting water table in the region. \"Preference will be given to the areas where the water collection is more so that it can be used for harvesting,\" said another official.The engineers have been told to prepare cost estimates of the project. The administrator also said: \"The details of specification of the project are being worked out because the locations of the sites are yet to be finalized. Before deciding the sites I will myself go and check with the RWA about the water collection point in the colony.\"For water conservation HUDA is working on a two-pronged strategy: First, setting up water harvesting and second clamping down on borewells and tubewells in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12136950", "title": "Manipur elections: Repoll may change initial calculations", "text": "IMPHAL: The second repoll in 67 polling stations of Manipur may upset certain politicial calculations regarding the election outcome, but it is still not clear which party will benefit from the exercise. The repoll was ordered by the Election Commission (EC) after large-scale mismatch was found in voters' photos taken in booths and those incorporated in the electoral rolls.This is the first time all voters were photographes by hand cameras on polling day. Though mismatch was found in over 500 polling booths indicating proxy voting, the EC chose only 67 booths, where the problem was severe, for repoll. All of these booths happen to be in the hill districts inhabited by tribals.The Naga People's Front (NPF) said they hoped to increase their tally after the repoll and was confident of winning six of the 12 seats the party contested.. \"The polling stations where repoll was conducted are NPF's stronghold. If the repoll was free and fair, we have a great chance to win,\" said Somi Keishing, NPF spokesman.Senior Congress minister and government spokesman N Biren Singh, however, rejected the NPF's claim and said the repoll will only benefit Congress. \"NSCN(IM) activists had rigged the election in many Naga-ominated constituencies. This repoll will now ensure Congress wins those seats,\" he said. Singh said the results in the hills will surely upset the opposition parties' calculation as Congress will now win a majority.When the EC detected irregularities in these polling booths, the non-Congress parties had demanded deletion of all proxy votes and counting of the remaining valid votes. The EC had however went for a repoll in those polling stations where proxy voting were rampant.Elections 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12129795", "title": "\u2018We\u2019d be thankful for a peaceful summer\u2019", "text": "It's like watching a puppet show.\" As cynicism goes, it can't get sharper than this. But the wry comment of a Kashmiri shopkeeper reflects the deep frustration and hopelessness of 20 years of false starts. The \"puppet show\" in discussion is the latest peace moves between India and Pakistan on Kashmir. The puppets in question are the Hurriyat leaders, the many-hued, many-faced conglomerate in charge of the tehreek (movement) for azadi.Will Kashmir be resolved? Is Pakistan ready to put the issue on the backburner? Will the hardliners and the moderates in the Hurriyat come together to bring peace to Kashmir? These are questions that would have elicited comment and hope a few years ago. Today, for the man on the street, these are just the latest scenes of a film where they figure merely as extras.\"Part of the problem is that for the average Kashmiri nobody seems to be an honest player in this game,\" says an academic. \"They have heard promises from India only to see them broken; they have watched Pakistan go into a spiral from the country that would offer a better life to one that's almost a failed state. As for the Hurriyat leaders, the fact is that 20 years of death and destruction in Kashmir has bizarrely led to them getting more prosperous, feted equally in Islamabad and Delhi. So who do you trust?\"The busting of an alleged Lashkar module by the Delhi Police in the Capital adds to this ambivalence. Three boys from Sopore are under arrest, and the home ministry in Delhi says they were trained by the ISI to carry out serial blasts in crowded areas. If Pakistan is serious about peace, then why is the ISI still training Kashmiri boys to make bombs? If, as many believe in Srinagar, the boys are innocent and the latest victims of New Delhi's games, then what peace or fairness can be expected from them?The divide within the Hurriyat itself is very obvious, with Syed Ali Shah Geelani under the scanner for recommending a visa for one of the alleged Lashkar terrorists, and the moderates, led by Mirwaiz Umar Farooq, bickering over the composition of the team that shall go to Pakistan. \"If India and Pakistan have already decided on a formula, then what is the need for this visit? The Hurriyat should own up and say they shall follow the diktats of Delhi and Islamabad,\" says a young college student.With or without the Hurriyat, a peace initiative between India and Pakistan would still excite comment and perhaps some hope for a people caught in an unending circle of despair. But for the past four months, Kashmiris have watched as the civilian government in Pakistan has cowed down to the military establishment; the travails of the UPA government in Delhi over issues such as corruption are also common knowledge. In such a scenario, the fact that either government could take a pathbreaking step over an issue like Kashmir has few takers in the Valley.\"Forget resolving Kashmir for the moment, the UP election results are of far more interest to people and politicians. Anyway, it's not about Zardari and Manmohan Singh. Let's see what Rahul Gandhi and Imran Khan think and do. All we should hope for right now is a peaceful summer,\" says a businessman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12130453", "title": "Kudankulam nuclear plant to start soon: PMO", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as antinuclear activists stepped up protests against the Kudankulam nuclear power project, Union minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy on Saturday said the plant would be commissioned soon.\"My hunch is that the Tamil Nadu government will take a decision soon (in favour of the plant),\" he said.Dismissing allegations that the TN government was playing a double game, he said the state knew well the need to augment its electricity resources as it was reeling under a severe power crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "rose garden", "code": "12129738", "title": "City blooms with beauty", "text": "ROSE GARDEN: Mayank Gupta, a student and resident of Sarabha Nagar, is ecstatic looking at the beauty of flowers on a lazy Saturday afternoon at the Rose Garden. Like him, many others are taken in by the charming blooms at a two-day flower show organized by municipal corporation.\"This time, the flower show is well organized. Recently, I had attended a flower show in Chandigarh,\" Mayank shares.The Rose Garden, besides flowers, is abuzz with several activities. On one side, Ludhianvis are busy painting and decorating flower pots, on the other side people set hybrid flowers in pretty arrangements as part of competition.One such enthusiastic participant in the hybrid varieties of flower show is a resident of Kitchlu Nagar, D P S Chadha.A participant of the flower show at Rose Garden, Kitchlu Nagar, D P S Chadha, says, \"I have been waiting for three months and developed 16 hybrid varieties that I had brought especially from Chandigarh. Like last year, this time too I am going to win prizes in all the categories.\"It is the second time that MC has organized a two-day flower and baby show. Though only a few individuals are participating in the event, schools, colleges and several institutions are more active. The visitors also seem happy looking at the quality of flowers and feel they don't need to visit other cities for quenching their thirst for such events.The competition has been organized in 22 categories.\"I was supposed to get an environment-related topic for painting because it is a flower show but when I came here, the judges asked me to make a painting of a woman's statue and I could use greenery in the background only,\" shares Avni Verma, a resident of Samrala Chowk and student of Khalsa College for Women.Among students, there is homemaker and resident of Model Town, Preeti Mohini, who tries her hand at painting. \"I am participating because I love art and I am doing this just for fun. I don\"t care if I win or lose\" she smiled.Among all the events, the healthy baby show receives maximum entries that keep pouring in till Saturday evening. The event will be held on Sunday when cut-flower arrangement competition's results would be declared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12129878", "title": "Gang member held for stealing 36 cars from Pune", "text": "PUNE: With the arrest of Javed alias Bablu Mukhtar Khan (28) on February 14, allegedly a member of a gang of car thieves, by the Mumbai police, the Pune police are now hopeful of solving a number of car theft cases in the city. A resident of Malwani in Malad, Khan originally hails from Uttar Pradesh, and is presently in the custody of the Khar police station. Khan has confessed to have stolen at least 36 vehicles from Pune between 2008 and 2011.Speaking to TOI, inspector Sunil Pawar of crime branch, Pune (special investigation team) on Saturday said, Khan was the eighth member of the gang to have been arrested. Pawar said the police had earlier arrested six persons - Abid Khan Pathan, Afsar Qureshi, Mayur Devani, Shaktisingh Rana and Ali Khan - for stealing cars, and Rajaram Devasi for purchasing stolen cars in 2011. Sixty vehicles stolen from various parts of the city have been recovered from them so far.On an average, Pune police register six to seven cases vehicle-thefts every day. Police stations which have such cases registered were instructed on Friday to seek Khan's custody and file a compliance report.Khan is said to have stolen vehicles from Samarth, Sahakarnagar, Hinjewadi, Kothrud, Warje-Malwadi, Deccan Gymkhana, Bhosari, Dattawadi, Pimpri, Yerawada, Chatushrungi and Vishrambaugh police station limits. He has also admitted to have stolen 11 vehicles from Mumbai.Assistant police inspector Chimaji Adhav of Mumbai crime branch (unit II) on Saturday told TOI the police were in possession of Khan's photograph, but he was arrested after the location of his cellphone was tracked.Adhav said Khan used master keys for stealing cars. The stolen vehicles were sold in Bihar , Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Bangalore, Manipur and Nepal , among other places. Investigations have revealed that Khan and 30 to 35 others used to first take orders from prospective customers before stealing cars. One of the gang members prepared duplicate keys of cars on the spot. \"We have so far solved 11 cases and recovered eight cars from Khan,\" Adhav said.On June 5, 2011, the Powai police had arrested Khan's associate Mukim Khan Mumtaz Khan alias Rafique alias Rakib alias Fateh for allegedly stealing 45 cars from Pune. Mukim was caught on a CCTV camera while stealing a vehicle outside a shopping mall at Powai on May 19.The Mumbai police had earlier arrested Mohammad Totla of Uttar Pradesh in a different case and had found Mukim's picture in his cell phone. Totla had then identified Mukim as Rakib. Police had then recovered 38 master keys and four cars from Totla possession.Mukim and his accomplices Saud Khan and Daya Shaikh took jobs with mechanics a few years ago to develop skills which would later help them in stealing cars. Mukim used to hand over the stolen vehicles to drivers who would drive them to members of the gang in other states. They in turn would sell them there. Mukim used to get Rs 40,000 for every stolen car.Inspector Pawar said police have filed chargesheets against Mukim in all the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-04"}
